Stranger Things fans were devastated that Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn) only featured in one season of the Netflix hit. The leader of The Hellfire Club and unsung hero of season four was tragically killed by Demobats and petitions have been launched to bring him back. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where actor Quinn is from. Joseph Quinn's breakout role was as Eddie Munson in Stranger Things and he quickly became a fan-favourite character. The star is also known for his roles in Dickensian, Howards End and Catherine the Great. He has felt overwhelmed by the amount of support for his Stranger Things character, who died at the end of the latest season. One of the metalhead character's most iconic scenes is when he played Metallica's Master of Puppets. He may have an American accent in the series, but the actor is actually British, hailing from London. READ MORE: Stranger Things bosses speak out over 'editing' old episode backlash He was raised in the south of the city and studied drama at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. The language learning platform Babbel provided exclusive insight to Express.co.uk about how the British actor mastered the American accent. He worked with a dialect coach to help nail the accent and even did some homework offset. Babbel representatives said: "Quinn honed his American accent even while he was off set, practising in restaurants and cafes. "Although he has previously said he wasn’t a fan of this process, as it made him ‘feel like an idiot’. "Nonetheless, the practice paid off as Quinn offers a natural and incredibly believable American accent in the show. "In his opening monologue, we get a full first look at Eddie Munson’s accent, with Quinn adopting a largely neutral American accent. "This decision makes sense, given that the show is set in the midwest, and a study has previously found that midwesterners are most likely amongst Americans to think that they have a neutral accent." Babbel picked out some particular moments from Eddie's opening speech, in which he displays all the hallmarks of the neutral American accent. They said: "This is particularly in his pronunciation of some phrases, such as ‘laundry basket’, where the first syllable of laundry is elongated in line with the standard American pronunciation." DON'T MISS... Stranger Things theory: Could Running Up That Hill save Max again? [THEORY] Stranger Things season 5 theory: Will Byers to lose Mike and Eleven? [DISCUSSION] What is the Mind Flayer in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Viewers did notice one moment where the star slipped out of his accent. The language experts continued: "Even the most proficient of accent mimickers rarely get by without a slip. "One keen viewer of Stranger Things noticed a brief wavering of Quinn’s American accent in a scene on a boat, where the actor is shouting the word ‘stupid’. "During his rant, Quinn drops back into a lightly British habit of pronouncing the beginning of the word as ‘styoo’ rather than the ‘stoo’ which is characteristic of the American pronunciation of the first syllable. "However, in a long series where Quinn gets plenty of screen time, his accent is impressively accurate, and fans are heartbroken to see him go." Quinn is not the only British actor who nailed the American accent in the supernatural drama. Jamie Campbell Bower, who plays the notorious villain Vecna, is also from the UK. Similarly, Charlie Heaton who plays Jonathan Byers and Millie Bobby Brown who plays Eleven, are also British.  Stranger Things season 5 will air in 2024.