The Government’s emergency Cobra committee convened to discuss how to handle the expected strain on the health service as Monday and Tuesday could see record temperatures hit the country. This comes as another surge of COVID-19 cases has swamped hospitals still struggling to bounce back from the pandemic.  Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse admitted a “surge in demand” was expected. Speaking on Radio 4, Mr Malthouse confirmed the Government was planning for 40C highs, despite forecasters' prediction that this has a 10 percent chance or less of happening. The official forecast suggests temperatures will peak in the mid 30s, reported The Times. He said: “We know that in the heat, particularly the extreme heat — and there’s a possibility that we might hit an all-time record — that your cardiovascular system has to work overtime to keep cool, particularly for older people and the very young.  “We are asking people if they have an elderly neighbour, particularly one who lives alone, that it would be a neighbourly thing to do to check up and make sure that they are looking after themselves and have access to water.” There are currently 13,000 in hospital with Covid, further adding to the strain. The highest temperature ever recorded in the UK was in 2019, when the mercury hit 38.7C in Cambridge.  READ MORE: Charlene stuns at garden party as royal fans gush Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Tony Wardle said it was likely this record would not be broken but not certain, admitting that some computer models that predicted highs of 40C had “highlighted the potential which exists in the developing weather situation, but it’s uncertain if these values will materialise”. Ambulance response and A&E waiting times continue to suffer, with only 58.8 percent of patients being seen within four hours of arriving. President of the Society for Acute Medicine Dr Tim Cooksley warned: “This data lags behind the situation seen on the shop floor in hospitals over the past week.  DON'T MISS:GB News: 'She needs to move on!' Panellists clash over Sturgeon [ANALYSIS]Threat to BBC as nearly two million viewers call for scrapping licence [REVEAL]Allies claim Brexiteer Rishi Sunak will grasp benefits of leaving EU [INSIGHT] “The heat and a rise in Covid have seen colleagues witness increased delays for acutely unwell patients and hospitals are not designed to cope with persistent high temperatures.” Charity director at Age UK Caroline Abrahams offered some words of warning to those with elderly relatives or neighbours. She said: “I’ve heard some people pooh-poohing the risks of the heatwave, but the evidence is crystal clear that as we age our bodies find it harder to manage extremes of heat, and of cold. “Any older person who is already coping with significant health issues, especially if they impact their heart or their lungs, is going to find the coming heatwave a challenge.” 