If Manchester United are regain their status as one of the top teams in the Premier League, then they will need to return to the same level of prestige as their former selves. And Erik ten Hag appears to have taken note of that with his latest move in the transfer market. The Red Devils are desperately in need of change on and off the pitch, with disappointing displays becoming the new normal and reports of unhappiness and anger behind the scenes emerging on a weekly basis. A fresh face with new policies and philosophies was the first logical step in the right direction by the higher powers at the club, and attention will now turn to the players. With numerous players departing this summer as free agents, including Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard, there is space in the changing room for Ten Hag to bring in the players he wants. And reports that United are preparing to hijack Arsenal’s move for Lisandro Martinez suggests that the club’s ruthlessness in the transfer market has returned. According to The Sun, the Red Devils are eying up whether to push for a move for the Ajax central defender after seeing the Gunners have two bids rejected for the Argentinian. The Eredivisie outfit are demanding £43million for the services of Martinez, meaning Arsenal’s latest £34m offer falls fairly short of the mark. Previously, United have been fierce and pushy in the transfer market. A club that never shied away from pouncing on a rivals transfer and using the weight of simply being Manchester United to their advantage. Although he didn’t meet expectations at Old Trafford, Alexis Sanchez’s move to the club in 2018 was the last true time that the club pounced on an opening – stealing the Chile international from the grasp of rivals Manchester City. Cristiano Ronaldo is arguably a more recent example too, though the player has been quick to shutdown reports that he was contemplating a move to United’s noisy neighbours. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen If United are to progress back up the table and return to being competitive in all competitions then they need to ensure they are signing Ten Hag’s top targets and truly committing to his vision – and signing Martinez despite the best efforts of Arsenal would evidence that they are truly behind the Dutchman. The pair worked together at Ajax and is seen as a versatile option given that he can play in left-back as well as midfield. However, Martinez may not be needed as a fullback as the club are also set to sign Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord – another move that they hijacked. The 22-year-old looked set to sign for Lyon but United moved quickly to strike a deal in the eleventh hour for the defender.