Dan Walker, 45, has spoken out about a potential return to the BBC to host the NFL Show following his recent exit from the BBC. The broadcaster announced earlier this year he would be stepping down from his presenting role on BBC Breakfast to join rival broadcaster Channel 5. Having now started his new job as a 5 News anchor, Dan has been faced with questions from fans as to whether he will go back to present for the BBC. Dan took to Instagram earlier today to respond to his followers' queries in a question and answer session published to his Stories. The TV star was asked whether he will be back on the NFL Show, which two years ago he was asked to present after Mark Chapman stepped down from his presenting role. In view of his 276,000 followers, Dan candidly admitted: “Very good question,” adding a GIF of a man shrugging his shoulders. READ MORE: Helen Skelton flashes flashes abs in crop top amid recent split While the question remained unanswered, it seems to be a concern for many of Dan’s fans. Back in May, in a separate Q&A session, another fan was curious to know whether Dan would continue to do the NFL Show following his move to Channel 5. They asked: "Does all this mean no more NFL show? I'll certainly miss it" they wrote alongside a sad face. Dan tentatively replied: "Not sure yet. Watch this space. “There are quite a few factors at play." Meanwhile, Dan’s BBC Breakfast replacement was confirmed earlier this month, with Jon Kay joining Sally Nugent on the famous red sofa. Dan took to Twitter on the day Jon was announced as the programme’s new host in order to send him his well-wishes. Jon confirmed the appointment by sharing a tweet posted by the BBC News press team. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [INSIGHT]Sienna Miller, 40, cuddles up to beau Oli Green, 25, on holiday [PICS]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton strips down to white bikini [INSTAGRAM] In view of his 44,000 followers, Jon added: “RESHUFFLE LATEST. So delighted to share this news and join the outstanding @BBCBreakfast team full time. “An absolute honour to front the UK’s number one morning show with my mates @sallynugent @TVNaga01 and Charlie (and his new cat!)” Dan shared the tweet in view of his 769,000 followers, adding: “Brilliant news. Congratulations @jonkay01 “Great bloke, top presenter and much loved by the #BBCBreakfast team,” alongside a clapping hands emoji. In turn, Jon replied: “Thanks so much, Dan. You set a very high bar, my friend.” Dan then cheekily warned: “Just don’t make it look too easy Jon,” along with a string of laughing emojis. Dan fronted BBC Breakfast for six years after replacing Bill Turnbull in 2016. He is now hosting Channel 5's revamped 5 News alongside Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, taking over from Sian Williams.