Swapping seats on a flight may not sound like much of a problem for most people. In fact, some passengers who find themselves sat in the middle of two strangers might be relieved if they get asked to swap seats. However, some people will refuse to give up their seat, either because they’ve paid more for it or because they feel entitled to it.  One plane passenger caused a commotion on Reddit recently after they revealed they had been asked to swap seats with a mum who wanted to sit next to their toddler. The mum was seated in the middle seat in the row behind them. Meanwhile, the toddler was sat in the middle next to the anonymous passenger who was sat in the window seat. The anonymous traveller said it was not their problem and that the trade was “inferior”. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here DON'T MISSFlight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' on plane [UPDATE]Pilot shares how to fly on private plane at 'a normal price' - hack [ANALYSIS]  The anonymous person posted on Reddit: “Had a woman ask me to change on a TPAC flight from Japan. “I was bulkhead window and her toddler daughter was in the middle next to me while she was in the middle seat in the row behind me. “She asked me - and just me - to switch with her so she could have my window seat (next to her daughter) and I’d take her middle seat a row back. Hell to the f**k no. “Not my problem they didn’t book together.  “Worse is we were surrounded by others from her tour group that she could’ve asked for a three-way trade instead. Or the tour operator. “The audacity to ask just me and expect an inferior trade on my side.” One Reddit user responded saying they had three rules when it came to switching seats. They said they would only switch an aisle seat for another aisle seat.  They would “never change” a window seat for a middle. The user also claimed they would “never” change if they had to spend money to get the seat. The anonymous passenger said they had started refusing to switch seats altogether “unless it was for an upgrade”. They added: “I’m sick of entitlement from people, and it seems elevated on planes and even more so of late. I don’t know you.  “I don’t generally care about you beyond reasonable human compassion. “And I am certainly not responsible for your poor planning. Don’t talk to me again and go away.” Another Reddit user asked what the toddler was like during the flight. The traveller said the toddler was “very well behaved” which made the trip “pleasant”.