MacBook Air redesigns like this don't come around all that often ...in fact, the last major overhaul was released back in October 2018. With the latest refresh, Apple has made its best-selling ultra-portable notebook feel more Pro than ever before. Even the new design (wave goodbye to the iconic wedge-like chassis) seems to take inspiration from the new-look MacBook Pro lineup. The new machine arrives with an edge-to-edge 13.6" screen with a notch, fast-charging, and an upgraded 1080p webcam. Fortunately, despite these powerful new additions, the MacBook Air remains light and very portable. There's a lot to admire under the bonnet too, with the new MacBook Air fuelled by the latest and greatest M2 processor. That's the same Apple chipset that we praised in our MacBook Pro 13-inch review and it's an absolute beast. Start photo or video editing and Apple's M2 can blast through tasks around 35% faster than before. If you're going to be using the MacBook Air for web browsing, writing and emails ...you'll be able to last through an entire workday without reaching for the charger. MagSafe charging makes a welcomed return (hooray!) and some models even ship with a nifty plug that can refill the MacBook and your iPad at the same time. This upgrade really takes the Air up a notch. It feels all grown up and more capable of taking on digital tasks than ever before. However, all this new technology does come at a price. The entry-level MacBook Air now starts from £1,249, with the configuration with 512GB hard drive costing you £1,500. That's the most expensive MacBook Air ever. If you can stomach the price, prepare to be mightily impressed by this new model. If that's a little steep, Apple still sells the M1-powered MacBook Air from last year from £999. In our MacBook Air M1 review, we praised that machine for its excellent performance and battery life ...although you'll miss out on the new exterior, MagSafe and 13.6-inch screen. The MacBook Air remains Apple's most popular laptop and it's not hard to see why. Ever since the original model was pulled from an A4 envelope by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs back in 2008, it's offered powerful performance in an ultra-portable and much-loved design. The 2022 upgrade really takes things to a whole new level with the Air now looking and feeling more like a powerful MacBook Pro than simply a notebook you'll use for bashing out a few emails. However, with prices now starting from £1,249 is it really worth all that extra money? Apple's product team has clearly taken inspiration from its new MacBook Pro when designing this latest Air. In fact, this laptop looks more like a miniature version of those ultra-premium machines and that's no bad thing. The styling is stunning with the Air's all-aluminium finish and glossy embossed Apple logo oozing class. The US tech firm's renowned build quality also means the new Air should cope with years shoved in your backpack. Weighing in at just 1.24Kg this latest machine is actually slightly lighter than its predecessor although there's no classic wedge-shaped casing which does mean it doesn't appear quite as skinny as before. We actually prefer this updated appearance but those who like that original styling will still find the older and cheaper M1 model in Apple Stores. There are now two USB-C ports and a MagSafe connector included on the 2022 Air which means you can charge this machine and still have dual sockets left for other accessories. It is a shame that all of the ports are on the same side but we're guessing Apple has done this to try and keep costs down. Apple's new M2-powered MacBook Air arrives in four colourways, including the usual Space Grey and Silver, and two new shades: Starlight and Midnight. The latter is the model we tested and it looks stunning out of the packaging but should come with a warning. The all-new Midnight finish is a magnet for mucky fingerprints. As you can see from our picture below, MacBook Air owners who want to keep their machine looking "box fresh" will need to carry a cloth with them at all times. Midnight looks stunning and would be our go-to recommendation, but it's a little annoying that it looks like something from a CSI lab within minutes of picking it up. Just like the latest 13-inch Pro, this new MacBook Air now features Apple's new M2 silicon and if you want a portable PC that offers premium performance you're in for a treat. This new chip is supremely powerful with it able to munch through tasks with undeniable ease. We've been running professional video and photo editing software on the Air and there's not been a hint of a stutter. A quick Geekbench 5 test also reveals that it beats the older M1 chip when it comes to single and multi-core performance and there's no doubt that this laptop will cope with most takes that users will throw at it. The entry-level Air comes with an 8-core CPU and 8-core GPU which will be perfectly adequate for bashing out emails, surfing the web and editing the odd photo. Anyone who wants to push things harder and play games on their PC might want to consider upgrading to the model with the 10-core GPU. It's £300 more expensive but is definitely worth the money if silky smooth graphics are important to you. Along with being far more powerful, the new MacBook Air is also super efficient. Apple is boasting that users could see up to 18 hours on a single charge when performing simple tasks. That's probably not far off the truth with our tests allowing all-day use without going near a plug. Thanks to its incredible performance there's also no need for a fan inside which means this machine stays silent no matter how hard you push it. Along with the new design and supreme performance, there's another very nice upgrade that arrives on the Air. Just like the MacBook Pro 14 and 16-inch models, this laptop includes a display with thinner bezels that now push closer to the edge of the case. That has allowed Apple to cram a bigger 13.6-inch Liquid Retina display into a machine that's not physically bigger than before. Hit the power button and things look pin-sharp and packed full of colour with this latest display also around 25% brighter than before. This becomes really noticeable when using the Air outside with the screen performing well even in bright sunshine. You also get Apple's True Tone technology which automatically adjusts the white point of the display to the colour temperature of your environment. Due to the slim bezels, there is an iPhone-style notch for the webcam which does spoil things slightly but you soon get used to it. Of course, a good Netflix binge doesn't just need to look luscious but also sound good as well and Apple has packed four speakers inside to help boost the audio. The sound is fine but it does lack a bit of bass and is definitely not as good as the amazing 16-inch MacBook Pro. That said, the Air's speakers are compatible with Apple's Spatial Audio and anything you listen to in this room-filling format does sound pretty impressive. There are plenty of extras to talk about on the Air including that new charger which ships with the more expensive 10-core GPU model. It's a great little addition as you can refill two things at once including a MacBook and iPad. It's great to see the MagSafe cable make a return and it should stop this lightweight laptop from flying through the air if someone trips on the power lead. Open the lid and you'll get the market-leading Forch Touch trackpad and much-improved Magic Keyboard plus Apple's Touch ID fingerprint scanner for speedy unlocking and buying things online via Apple Pay. For all those endless video calls you get that new 1080p FaceTime HD camera which offers good image quality. Even our tests in low light conditions impressed with faces looking bright and clear. It is worth noting that there's no Center Stage technology on the Air so this camera won't follow you around the room on your next video call which is a shame. Finally, the Air is compatible with quicker charging although you will need to buy a faster 65W power pack to take advantage of this technology. That will be another £69, please! There's no question that the new MacBook Air is packed with features but all these premium upgrades do come at a price. This new laptop now starts from £1,249 for the entry-level model with that M2 chip and 8-core GPU. Anyone wanting the more powerful M2 with a 10-core GPU will need to fork out another £300. Ouch! Start boosting the 8GB of unified memory and pop a 2TB hard drive inside and things soon start pushing well above the £2,000 barrier. This makes the new Air feel very expensive. Of course, Apple still sells its M1-powered Air for £999 so there's plenty of choice for different budgets but if you want the best of the best you're going to need deep pockets. If the price hasn't put you off then be prepared for a long wait to own one. Most UK stores are currently out of stock and Apple is currently showing around a month between ordering and it arriving at the front door. Hopefully, things will improve in the coming months but the Air has clearly been a popular launch for Apple. The MacBook Air is the most popular laptop in Apple's lineup, and with this latest refresh, that's sure not to change anytime soon. Thanks to its striking new design and M2-fuelled performance boost, this lean machine feels almost as mighty as a MacBook Pro. Students, bloggers, or those looking for a good family machine will never find the limits of this powerful M2 chipset and the battery life means you'll be able to spend hours working without a wall socket in sight (very handy for those who prefer to work in a coffee shop). And we can't forget the stunning new 13.6" edge-to-edge screen, improved 1080p webcam for videocalls, an epic 18-hour battery life, faster charging speeds, and the return of MagSafe – so you'll never need to worry about an accidental trip over the charging cable sending your £1,500 new machine flying across the room. Of course, since this is a MacBook, you'll also benefit from Apple's market-leading trackpad, great keyboard, and build quality that's sure to last years shoved at the bottom of your backpack. In our time with the 2022 Macbook Air, we've only come across two gripes – that higher price tag making this unaffordable for some people, and the new Midnight finish being such a terrible fingerprint magnet and making this stunning machine look pretty unappealing. Aside from those nitpicks, this is a brilliant buy. If you're looking for a powerful (but portable) laptop, the new M2 MacBook Air is going to be very tough to beat. Yes, it's expensive, but there are a lot of new upgrades here. And the recent price rises across the lineup mean you'll need to spend almost £2,000 to get your hands on a 14-inch MacBook Pro, which makes this MacBook Air look like a supreme bargain in comparison.