YouGov's former President Peter Kellner believes the Conservative Party could be ready to reveal the two final candidates to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister in as little as a fortnight. The 1922 Committee of backbench Conservative MPs tasked with organising the ballot to replace Mr Johnson is reportedly eager to have the contest decided by the time Parliament break up for summer recess on July 21. Mr Kellner told Sky News: "I'm pretty sure that the 1922 committee, the conservative committee that will organise it will want this done by the time Parliament breaks up from its summer holidays, and that's the week after next. "Now, there's no particular reason why it can't be done then. "I'm sure there will be a period of three or four days between opening nominations and deciding who the runners and riders are. "That takes us to probably the late next week." He continued: "But once that's been decided, and they'll probably be a day of hustling for Members of Parliament, but after that it can be done pretty quickly. "They got to two or three balance, frankly, and to get it sorted out. "So I would be surprised that we don't have the final two a fortnight today." On Friday, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak said he was running to replace Mr Johnson. "Someone has to grip this moment and make the right decisions. That's why I'm standing to be the next leader of the Conservative Party and your prime minister," Sunak said in a campaign video released on Twitter.  "The decisions we make today will decide whether the next generation of British people will also have the chance of a better future. "Do we confront this moment with honesty, seriousness and determination, or do we tell ourselves comforting fairy tales that might make us feel better in the moment, but will leave our children worse off tomorrow?" He continued says: "Family is everything to me. "My family gave me opportunities they could only dream of. But it was Britain, our country, that gave them and millions like them the chance of a better future. Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] "I got into politics because I want everyone in this country to have those same opportunities, to be able to give their children a better future. "Our country faces huge challenges, the most serious for a generation. And the decisions we make today will decide whether the next generation of British people will also have the chance of a better future." The rules and timetable for the contest to replace Mr Johnson are due to be set out next week by a party committee. Mr Sunak said in his resignation letter it had become clear that his approach to the economy had been too different to Johnson's, as the two had tried to agree on the next steps for the country.