Research by Redfield and Wilton Strategies found just 28 percent of adults in Great Britain think the Tories have an alternative PM who can match Mr Johnson’s triumphs at the ballot box. Forty-five percent said the party did not have a potential new leader who could take it to the same heights. Mr Johnson – a two-time Mayor of London who was a leading figure in the successful 2016 Brexit campaign – made history in 2019 when he led the Tories to an 80 seat majority. People who voted Conservative at the last election were split down the middle as to whether the party has an alternative leader who can match his electoral, with 39 percent saying it has and 39 percent saying it has not. Mr Johnson's ousting as leader came in the wake of concerns that he had lost his vote-winning gifts, following a string of by-election losses. However, the polling shows voters think that Mr Johnson has been the third best Prime Minister since Margaret Thatcher. Fifteen percent of voters thought he was the best PM since the Iron Lady. This puts him narrowly behind David Cameron (16 percent) and the most popular ex-PM, Tony Blair, on 18 percent. Mr Johnson is considered a better Prime Minister than Gordon Brown (12 percent), Theresa May (eight percent) and John Major, who came in last on just six percent. When asked what impact Mr Johnson’s departure would have on the Conservative party, 40 percent said it would be more united but 36 percent expect it will be more divided. There is little sign of worry that his exit as leader makes it more likely the UK will rejoin the European Union. While 18 percent thought his resignation makes it less likely Britain will stay out of the EU, 17 percent thought it made it more likely – and 48 percent said it would make no difference. In contrast, 28 percent thought the country would be more likely to go back into the EU if Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer became PM, although 26 percent thought it would not make any difference. While 40 percent of people said they would prefer a prime minister who implemented pro-Brexit policies, 38 percent said they would like him or her to stake a pro-EU stance. Opposition MPs are unhappy that Mr Johnson is expected to remain in post until early September, when his successor is due to take over. MPs will vote on a no-confidence motion in the Government on Monday. The Government tabled its own motion after it blocked a bid by Labour to remove Mr Johnson at once. Labour MP Nick Smith made the case for Mr Johnson leaving Downing St, saying: “It’s terrible that Boris Johnson is still sitting in No 10... The sooner we are shot of him the better and then we can get onto the real issues that matter, like the cost of living.” The Liberal Democrats have tabled an amendment to allow MPs to vote to call on Boris Johnson to resign immediately. Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey has also written to the remaining candidates in the Conservative party leadership contest, calling on them to rule out giving Mr Johnson a cabinet role. He said: “These Conservative MPs propped Boris Johnson up for months – now they must come clean on whether they’d allow him in their Cabinet. Mending our broken politics must be a priority for the next Prime Minister. “The Conservative Party is so submerged in sleaze that it has been unable to do anything to address the NHS crisis, the transport chaos or the cost of living emergency. If the Conservative MPs who want to be Prime Minister are serious about cleaning up politics, they should vote to get rid of Johnson.”