Sir Patrick Stewart, 82, enjoyed his special day with a celebratory horse ride while singing a Bing Crosby song. The X Men actor belted out “Don’t Fence Me In” while donning a straw hat and cowboy boots as he rode along in the countryside. He teamed his hat and boots with a khaki shirt and jeans, finishing off his equestrian look with a pair of black leather gloves. Patrick, who also donned black-rimmed glasses, was in his element as he showed off his riding skills in the video. The Star Trek favourite typed underneath the video: “Hey! This is 82!” The sweet post was met with a plethora of messages from his fans, who shared their well wishes on his 82nd birthday. READ MORE: Piers Morgan lambasted for claiming Mo Farah 'lied' on Life Stories @ba55bar typed: “happy birthday, Captain.” @mattborchert quipped: “82 is a strange name for a horse, but I like it.” @watertribe1118 said: “Suddenly I wish that you and my grandpa were brothers.” @fredjfrancis commented: “From a fellow birthday boy who turned 40 to another. Happy birthday, Sir. “ Patrick was without his beloved wife Sunny Ozell during the outing. The actor, who has been married three times, met Sunny back in 2008 whilst filming Macbeth at Brooklyn Academy of Music. The Coda actor and Sunny tied the knot in 2013. He has two children, Daniel and Sophia, from his first marriage with Sheila Falconer, who he divorced in 1990 after 24 years of marriage. DONT MISS:Louise Redknapp stuns fans with 'gorgeous' looks in bikinis (PHOTOS)Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee (NEWS)Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display (LATEST) Stewart is well known for his role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard, having played the role in Star Trek: Picard, Star Trek: The Next Generation from 1987-1994 and in the films Star Trek: Nemesis (2002), Star Trek: First Contact (1996) and Star Trek: Generations (1994). The thespian also has a storied past with Marvel dating back decades, to when he played the role of Professor Charles Xavier in 2000 film X-Men. He has since reprised the role in 2003's X2: X-Men United and 2009's X-Men Origins: Wolverine. However, following a recently-uploaded and rare clip of the actor as a younger man, the internet has been left in total shock at how Patrick looked in his thirties. Before he became synonymous with the clean-shaven, bald-headed look we know and love him for these days. In a video captioned “Patrick Stewart before he was Picard or Professor”, a TikTok user shared a short clip of the actor during an interview. The text “Patrick Stewart at age 39" was pasted across the 23-second-long video, and many were left completely stunned. Garnering more than 44.2K views, the TikTok has since received heaps of comments from surprised viewers.