With temperatures expected to rise further in the coming days, motorists have been urged to inspect five key features of their car to ensure they’re safe on the road. One expert, Ashley Jones of Parkland Motors, said: “Warm weather like this is a luxury, but it can be easy to forget that it’s not only our skin we should be protecting from the scorching heat. “As temperatures rocket, car owners need to take extra precautions and do regular checks to not only protect their cars, but also to avoid being fined if their vehicles are deemed to be in a dangerous condition. “There are a few easy tricks that every car owner should be mindful of, and with the week ahead, it can take as little as ten minutes to do a few maintenance checks before setting off on your journey, especially if you are planning on a summer car journey to make the most of the heat.” The summer of 2020 saw 16,383 breakdowns in July alone, with July 31 experiencing 1,080 breakdowns on that day alone, which was when temperatures reached up to 37.8C, making it the UK’s third hottest day on record. A trend that was seen in 2019, in which July 25 had the largest amount of breakdowns for the year. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows While tyre pressure checks should ideally be checked every two weeks, in hot weather tyres can expand, leading to an increased risk of punctures and blowouts. Even slow punctures are common in warmer weather, which can remain undetected for a long time. The average cost of tyre repair per tyre is between £25-£45, a cost which can quickly add up, especially if the tyre is found irreparable and needs replacing. DON'T MISSLittle-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres [WARNING]Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware [URGENT] The radiator is the key component in the larger cooling system within a car, where the airflow cools the coolant inside the radiator, reducing its temperature. Keeping your coolant levels topped up is critical when the temperature rises, to avoid causing the engine to overheat and thus cause damage. The average car radiator replacement cost is £200, making this a pricy piece to fix. Flat or faulty batteries are one of the most common causes for breakdowns in the UK, with new batteries usually costing around £150. When temperatures are high, the chemicals in a car battery can become unbalanced. If the engine takes longer than normal to turn on or if the car won’t start when the ignition is turned on, this could be a telltale sign of a faulty battery. Drivers should keep an eye out for how their clutch feels during the heatwave, with excessive heat being the predominant cause of clutch failure. For a clutch which is already stressed, extra heat can cause the cable to break which will result in an inoperable clutch pedal. Motorists are being warned of what to look out for as a new clutch costs an average of £475. While dim or flickering lights should be fixed as early as possible, in hot weather the alternator can experience faults. This can be seen through any features of the car which use electricity. The average cost to fix a car alternator is £275, making it a common sign for car users to watch out for.