Yesterday, July 27 2022, marked exactly ten years since the Opening Ceremony of the sporting event, which ran until August 12 and saw Team GB win 65 medals in total. The reception held at the Guildhall was also attended by several key figures who were instrumental to the roaring success of the Games, including former British Olympic Association (BOA) chairman Sir Craig Reedie and Sir Hugh Robertson, the then Sports Minister.  The Firm shared news of the Princess Royal’s attendance on Twitter and Instagram, captioning the posts: “‘Hosting the Olympic Games is a privilege, and a responsibility, and it’s not easy to do it well. “I think we can look back after ten years, and say that London did it exceptionally well. “We owe a huge debt of gratitude to everybody who made it possible.’ - The Princess Royal.” Royal fans gushed over the post, with Instagram user @sarcasmandschnappes writing: “Friendly reminder that our wonderful Monarch is a bona fide Bond girl.  During the Opening Ceremony Her Majesty appeared in a sketch with 007 actor Daniel Craig and left the audience stunned when she seemed to parachute out of a helicopter, although this stunt was actually carried out by a professional wearing a dress very similar to the Queen’s. Another user @jocelynekl wrote: “It was fabulous! I can’t believe it’s 10 years ago.” Team GB also tweeted marking the anniversary of the Games, saying: “65 medals and memories to last a lifetime.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan in bust up ahead of major royal event Princess Anne, who is a member of the International Olympic Committee, spoke about the importance of legacy in her address. She said: “Legacy comes in different forms. "Those who saw the Stratford site before they began working on it will know what a legacy that has left. DON'T MISS:Horror nuclear warning as UK advisor says world is entering conflict [LATEST]Joe Biden offers to swap ‘Merchant of Death’ Russian arms dealer [INSIGHT]'De-occupation is inevitable' Zelensky taunts Putin [SPOTLIGHT]  “The legacy of showing people what we can achieve with these big projects if you pull together is immense.” The 2012 Games were also particularly personally significant for the Princess Royal as her daughter Zara Tindall was a member of the British Equestrian Team, who won a silver medal. Anne presented the medal to Zara herself in an immensely proud moment for mother and daughter. 