Cristiano Ronaldo and his representatives have been 'impressed' by how Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold has dealt with his transfer request, reports claim. Ronaldo told United earlier this month he wants to leave the club this summer. The Portugal superstar only rejoined the Red Devils last year from Juventus. But he already wants out after a hugely disappointing campaign on the pitch for the club. Ronaldo himself had a successful season, scoring 18 Premier League goals and 24 in all competitions. But failure to qualify for the Champions League is a big reason behind his desire to find a new club. The Times claims Ronaldo's camp have liked the manner in which Arnold has behaved. Arnold has allowed the 37-year-old to speak to other clubs such as Bayern Munich and Chelsea to explore a possible exit. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea announcement, Cristiano Ronaldo update  However, Arnold wants Ronaldo to stay at United and is attempting to persuade him to do so. The player's agent met with the new Chelsea owner Todd Boehly last month, though Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is not thought to be enthused by the signing. Ronaldo has not yet returned to pre-season training for personal reasons and is not part of the club's tour to Asia. But speaking on Monday, manager Erik ten Hag insists the superstar striker is not for sale. Ten Hag said: “I have read [that he wants to leave], but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale. He is in our plans and we want success together. I’m looking forward to working with him.” Ten Hag reiterated that Ronaldo is not with the squad due to off-field matters. He added: “He’s not with us due to a personal issue. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'pessimistic' about signing Erik ten Hag transfer target they feel is 'overpriced'Tottenham risk Antonio Conte fury as 'real defensive target' named before signing LengletMan Utd think they already have four players who can fix major Erik ten Hag problem  “I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a good talk with him then. [What was said] is between Cristiano and me, but I can confirm we had a really good conversation together.” Ronaldo has previously spoken of his excitement at the appointment of Ten Hag, before outlining his desire to leave. He told the United website in May: "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach. "Things need to change the way he wants. I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt