Neighbours has been airing on Channel 5 and the much-loved Australian soap will be airing its last episode this week, after 37 years. The series first launched in 1985 and more than 8,000 episodes have aired over the years. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where to find the old episodes. The last-ever episode of Neighbours is just around the corner and it will see Jane Harris (Annie Jones) and Mike Young (Guy Pearce) embark on a sentimental journey. Meanwhile, Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) tries to come to terms with some of her closest friends leaving. Fans are also looking forward to Toadie (Ryan Moloney) and Melanie's (Lucinda Cowden) big wedding. As viewers say goodbye to Ramsay Street, the past and present collide in the grand finale. After 9pm on Friday, the soap will not see any more new episodes again. Thankfully, there is a way fans can catch up with the latest instalment for a little while longer. My5 is the streaming service for Channel 5 and July's episodes are available to watch until August. June's episodes will be available to watch until July 30 before they leave the streaming service. The last of July's episodes will be available until August 27, so viewers have a month to catch up. Neighbours content can be found on YouTube as well, as the soap has an official channel. As for the final episodes, in the UK, Channel 5 will air them between 1.45pm and 6pm. This will be followed by the double-length finale special at 9pm on the same evening. In Australia, the final episodes will have their own 90-minute slot on Thursday, July 28 at 7.30pm. A whole host of fan-favourite characters are making a comeback, including Guy Peace as Mike Young. He said of returning: "It’s sort of everything. Surreal. DON'T MISS... Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star addresses ‘uncomfortable’ filming [INSIGHT] Annie Jones: What happened to Plain Jane superbrain from Neighbours? [EXPLAINER] Neighbours theory: Susan and Karl Kennedy leave Ramsay Street [THEORY] "It’s really lovely to be working again with the likes of Paul Keane, Annie Jones, Stefan of course, Geoff Paine, Peter O’Brien – it’s just remarkable. "I’m an incredibly nostalgic person anyway so I’ve always wanted to step back onto the show at some stage and of course with the sad news that the show is finishing, it seemed like the appropriate time. "Thankfully I was planning a trip back home anyway, so it just worked." Mike moved to Perth and became a teacher there and he has a child. He and his daughter have moved back to Erinsborough. Back in March 2022 the show's bosses released a statement explaining why the show was ending. They said on Twitter: "We are so sorry to say that after nearly 37 years and almost 9,000 episodes broadcast we have to confirm that Neighbours will cease production in the summer. "Following the loss of our key broadcast partner in the UK and despite an extensive search for alternative funding, we simply have no option but to rest the show. "To our amazing, loyal fans, we know this is a huge disappointment, as it is to all of us on the team. "We thank you for all your messages and support and promise to end the show on an incredible high."  The final episode of Neighbours will air on Channel 5 this Friday, July 29 at 9pm.