The Duchess of Cornwall joined the Prince of Wales at the Sandringham Flower Show - the first being held since 2019, after the coronavirus pandemic forced organisers to cancel the past two events. At the event, Camilla and Charles were seen petting a sweet Jack Russell Terrier sitting in a special pram.  The future Queen Consort, who owns two rescue Jack Russell Terriers herself named Beth and Bluebell, scratched the head of the pooch as it looked up at her. For this engagement, Camilla donned a relaxed dress with a colourful floral pattern. She accessorised it with her signature pearl earrings, a thin necklace with a small pendant and nude heels. Prince Charles, who donned a cream-coloured suit, also gave a cuddle to the dog while speaking to some of the attendees at the show. Charles and Camilla appeared delighted to have returned to the event in Sandringham, close to the Queen's residence in Norfolk. While at the show, the pair enjoyed a carriage ride, during which they waved and smiled at the well-wishers lined up to catch a glimpse of them. While much of the event was dedicated to flowers, it also featured a number of quirky exhibitions - including a showcase of outstanding gingerbread houses and paper replicas of the Queen's iconic handbag. This public appearance comes as several senior royals are gearing up to support the Queen and the Commonwealth over the next few days. READ MORE: 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US Charles and Camilla will attend the Opening Ceremony of the Commonwealth Games, held between July 28 and August 8 in Birmingham, in lieu of the Queen's absence. They will be joined by Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward. Other royals - including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and Princess Anne - will also head to the West Midlands during the Games to show their support to the athletes, the countries participating and the people who have been working to put together the event. Buckingham Palace previously said in a statement: "The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, The Earl and Countess of Wessex, The Princess Royal and The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will attend events and engagements in celebration of the Games, as well as visiting the sporting venues, attending a range of fixtures and meeting athletes, volunteers and support staff helping to deliver the Commonwealth Games." Charles and Camilla proved to be among the hardest-working members of the Firm last week, as they powered through the record-breaking temperatures last Monday and Tuesday to complete their annual visit to Cornwall and Dover. On her first day in Cornwall, the Duchess protected herself from the high temperatures by using a pair of sunglasses and a parasol. On the other hand, the Duke of Cornwall cooled down with ice cream and wore sunglasses and a light-coloured suit. In a speech he delivered during a garden party held for more than 600 guests, Prince Charles spoke about his five-decade battle against climate change, and how the effects of the rising temperatures are now being felt throughout the UK. He said: "As I have tried to indicate for quite some time, the climate crisis really is a genuine emergency and tackling it is utterly essential – for Cornwall, the country and the rest of the world." The eldest son of the Queen then touched on his own Cornish estate's commitment to reach net zero carbon emissions by the early 2030s. He added: "If I may so say, those commitments around net zero have never been more vitally important as we all swelter under today’s alarming, record temperatures across Britain and Europe." Prince Charles also mentioned his 53 years as Duke of Cornwall and how he will one day pass on this title to his son Prince William. He said: "I have paid innumerable visits to Duchy farms which I have seen evolve over the generations. "Having started with the grandfathers 53 years ago, I am now coming towards the end of my time with the grandsons and granddaughters. "I cannot help but feel the most overwhelming gratitude for all those who have gone before us and whose careful and devoted stewardship has bequeathed to us the Duchy which it has been my privilege to serve for these seventy years. "Now, as I find myself in the somewhat unnerving position of being the longest serving Duke since 1337, I can only hope that the changes I have made mean it will be in even better shape for those who come after me."