Jurgen Klopp was not surprised with the impact Darwin Nunez made in the Community Shield win over Manchester City. Nunez came off the bench to score the winner for Liverpool at the King Power Stadium.  The Uruguay star joined Liverpool from Benfica in the summer for a fee that could rise to £85million with add-ons. He has received some criticism from rival supporters during his early performances in pre-season. But Nunez proved some of his doubters wrong with his performance on Sunday. He replaced Roberto Firmino with half an hour of the match remaining. The 23-year-old was a constant threat for Pep Guardiola's defence and went close on a couple of occasions. But after City equalised through one of their new signings Julian Alvarez, Nunez struck from close range in stoppage time to win it for the Merseysiders.  Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd handed De Jong boost, Chelsea bid, Arsenal snubbed  But Klopp was not surprised, giving a three-word response to ITV Sport when asked about how good his debut was after the match. The German said: "Yeah he’s good." Klopp says Nunez was helped by the performance of his team-mates and says he will only get better as his fitness levels increase. He added: "Today we played the smartest passes, we need these balls from the side. "In the first two games we passed in behind and after three runs in pre-season you are killed. We see him in training, involved in all dangerous situations, opened the game for us but was there in the finishing moments as well - good game." Klopp was happy with the overall showing from his side against rivals City. And he says they are ready for the start of the new season.  DON'T MISSMan Utd's four best players in Atletico defeat and five things we learnedArsenal 6-0 Sevilla: Five things we learned as Jesus hat-trick blitzes SpaniardsMan Utd ‘to meet De Jong for final crunch talks’ with new tactic He said: "I liked the game a lot, but most of the time City games against us are cool to watch. We don't always win but they are entertaining. "I was happy with our start of the game, but every sub made a difference. The boys are ready and it is good." Trent Alexander-Arnold scored the first goal for Liverpool and he was also impressed with what he saw from his new team-mate Nunez. The England star commented: "He won the penalty, scored a goal and looked very lively. "He's been brought in to score goals and he's proved he can do that today. He's a top player, a young player who is willing to learn. He's bonded well with the lads. He came on with a point to prove." 