People trying to access their account may want to note that the savings group has changed its settings in a bid to improve security. The upgrades include the addition of two-factor authentication (2FA), to make sure that the person logging on is really the account holder. Scammers can sometimes work out an individual’s NS&I number and even their password, and so the 2FA adds an extra layer of security. Customers will now receive a one-time passcode sent to their mobile phone as an extra security check. The code can also be sent by an automated phone call to a landline. The one-time passcode will be a unique six digit number, and will only work for a short amount of time. READ MORE: State pension payments could stop for thousands in months - act now A person can request another one if it expires. Savers logging on will be required to enter the code on the screen, follow the steps, and then that browse or device will be registered as trusted. This means that the person will only need to do this again if they access their account from a different device or browser. The first time that a person logs in since 2FA has been introduced, they will be asked to create a six digit PIN for future use. DON'T MISS:Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list [REVEAL]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [GUIDE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [INSIGHT]  Users are encouraged to use these browsers when logging in: Samsung Internet and Internet Explorer are not supported. READ MORE: State Pension fail - if you make this mistake you will get NOTHING when you turn 66 Prize winners can have their prize money paid directly into their bank account or have their winning reinvested in more Premium Bonds. Savers can check to see if they have won a prize in August’s prize draw next week by using the nsandi.com prize checker, official prize checker app or an Alexa-enabled device. Customers will need to provide their Premium Bonds holder’s number to use the website and their NS&I number or holder’s number to check via the prize checker app. People can also check online for any unclaimed prizes owed to them. Lucky Britons win millions of prizes each month through the scheme, with the tax-free winnings ranging from £25 to £1million The odds of winning are 24,500 to one, for each £1 bond. Each investment in the bonds must be £25, and they can be purchased online, over the phone or by post. Money to buy bonds can be paid in from another NS&I account. There are no penalties for people who need to take out cash from the Government-backed scheme.