It is understood that the talks are focusing on Unite's grievances in relation to a row over pay in relation to 500 BA check-in staff. Other issues raised by BA staff are likely to be discussed as well.  Last month Unite balloted 16,000 of the BA staff it represents with 97 percent of members voting to walk out. A source said that it was an "important" meeting with plenty of issues to resolve. They told The Daily Mirror: "It will be a pretty important meeting. "If they want to buy themselves some time they can do something on pay but there are a lot of other issues to resolve."  The issues range from rosters to meal allowances. Morale among BA staff is said to have been badly affected by the company's fire and rehire tactic during the coronavirus pandemic. In 2020, the airline sacked 10,000 of its staff, including 4,700 cabin crew. Staff who kept their jobs were forced to accept pay cuts of between 15 to 35 percent, it was reported. READ MORE: Have Your Say: What should we do about soaring food product prices?  The GMB union who represent nearly 300 Heathrow check in staff is due to announce its strike dates in the next few days. It's possible that Unite and GMB could stage strikes on the same days in order to maximise the level of disruption. BA is still struggling with staff shortages and it is likely that it will struggle to fill the gaps, potentially leading to more chaos for passengers. However, on Monday a BA spokeswoman told The Daily Mirror that she was unaware of any talks with Unite. DON'T MISS: MAPPED: How Scotland voted in first independence referendum  [REVEAL] You cannot talk about freedom!' Dr Shola erupts over BLM rights in US [INSIGHT] Michael Palin felt Brexit was ‘only’ understood through 'Monty Python' [SPOTLIGHT] The airline has previously said it is committed to solving worker grievances. Unite has revealed that a poll conducted on their behalf by Survation shows that 59 percent of the public believe a strike by BA staff is justified. Meanwhile, 73 percent agree that BA should raise the pay of check-in staff, which is down by 10 percent or around £3000-£5000 compared to pre pandemic levels. Unite national officer Oliver Richardson blasted the airline, claiming they had "got it wrong". He said: "British Airways has once again got this very wrong. "It sacked workers during the pandemic, despite being paid by taxpayers to hang onto them, and is now dishing out bonuses to managers while continuing to hold down workers’ wages. "If BA is heading for a strike it is because they are refusing to do the right thing and give back what they took off this workforce. "Quite clearly, the public sees the justice in this dispute and potential strike because they also saw the injustice of ‘fire and rehire’. "This has never been about a pay rise – it is simply about recovering the wages of these workers to their pre-pandemic levels. "These workers are over £3500 worse off, some are even down £5000, since their wages were slashed. "The airline is now well on the way to recovery, and it can afford to restore what it took from the workers. "Unless it gets a grip and backs its staff, BA is fast heading towards a summer of strikes."  