Antonio Conte is enjoying an impressive first summer transfer window as Tottenham Hotspur manager. He has brought in five fresh faces already and is looking to make room for more with several departures – including Giovani Lo Celso. Spurs have acquired the services of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and Clement Lenglet already this summer. And they appear set to announce the signing of Djed Spence from Middlesbrough soon as well. Conte’s side finished the season in flying form to pinch the fourth spot from the grasp of rivals Arsenal, and he will want to build on that so his side can be competitive in all competitions. The Italian was vocal throughout last season about wanting to clear the squad out of its ‘deadwood’, and now attention has turned to that. Lo Celso was allowed to spend the second half of last season out on loan at Villarreal, but the club would like to part ways with him permanently now. According to The Times, Spurs have rejected a loan bid from Fiorentina for the versatile midfielder. READ MORE: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper The Argentina international is valued at approximately £20million, with Villarreal keen to sign the playmaker on a regular basis but they are yet to meet Tottenham’s asking price. Lo Celso made just nine Premier League appearances last season, not starting a match since Conte entered the dugout. But the former Real Betis star isn’t alone in being forced out of the door by the former Chelsea boss. Fullbacks Emerson Royal and Sergio Reguilon are both also reportedly up for sale, with the latter attracting interest from Sevilla. DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge Academy product Harry Winks is also thought to be in the shop window, with the England international being linked with a move to Leicester City and Everton this summer. The arrival of Bissouma and Rodrigo Bentacur last season pushed the 26-year-old down the pecking order at North London and now he is deemed surplus to requirements. Winks wouldn’t be the first player to be sold this summer though, with Jake Clarke (Sunderland), Steven Bergwijn (Ajax) and Cameron Carter-Vickers (Celtic) all allowed to leave the team already this summer. There is also speculation linking Japhet Tanganga with a move away from Spurs, with AC Milan keen on the versatile defender.