Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has explained how Sadio Mane’s transfer to Bayern Munich came about. Mane joined Bayern on a three-year contract following a transfer worth £34million last month after making it clear he wanted to end his six-year stay on Merseyside. Mane was a hugely important player for Klopp ever since he joined the club in a £34m move from Southampton in June 2016. He helped the Reds win every trophy available during his time at the club including the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup, Carabao Cup, Super Cup and Club World Cup. Overall, the Senegal international contributed 120 goals and 48 assists in 269 appearances for Liverpool and could be a big miss after breaking up the celebrated trio which also included Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino. The Reds have signed Darwin Nunez this summer for an initial fee of £64m, while Luis Diaz joined in January and they will have some huge boots to fill. Mane’s move to Germany was very much driven by the player himself, not the club. The 30-year-old still had another year left on his contract and could have followed Salah in signing a new deal. Although he was sad to lose one of his best performers, Klopp was full of praise for Mane in a new interview.  JUST IN: De Jong ‘rejects Man Utd offer’ with Barcelona transfer deal unlikely “Sadio, what can we say about Sadio, hey? What a player. A world-class player. He and we together reinvented him as a No 9 as well in the last season, which he played outstandingly well,” he told the club website. “I like the way it happened now because it was completely clean. We knew, he told us, his agent told us, they wanted to leave, they wanted to have a new challenge, find a new club. [It’s] never easy negotiations – it’s all good until we talk about money, but that worked then really well.  “So, as well a Liverpool legend, one of the all-time Premier League greats, I would say, with the numbers he has, [he’s] a fantastic person as well. So, [I’m] really happy for him that he is now at the club where he wants to be. He is very thankful for all the things we did, and we are very thankful. Now he is at another club.” Bayern seems like a perfect fit for Mane – and the German giants were the only club he was interested in joining. “When my agent first told me about Bayern's interest, I was immediately excited. I saw myself there right away. For me it was the right club at the right time,” Mane told German publication Bild last month. 