Earlier this year, it was reported that the Queen was to "move permanently" to Windsor Castle, after being there since the start of the pandemic. While Buckingham Palace remains the central headquarters of the monarchy, it is suggested that the Queen "never really liked" the Palace. Speaking on the royal podcast Palace Intrigue, host Mark Francis discussed why the 96-year-old "prefers" Windsor Castle. Mr Francis said: "The Queen never really like Buckingham Palace and is much happier now at Windsor Castle. The podcast host revealed that Darren McGrady, who worked for the Royal Family for 15 years, told Coffee Friend that it is "no surprise that the Queen moved to Windsor". Mr Francis, quoting Mr McGrady, said: "She’s never really liked the palace, it’s always been the office to the Queen". "The Queen would always be whizzing off back to Windsor Castle, she can’t wait to get back there. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle given cruel nickname by California neighbours "She loves it there, so it’s no surprise she’s moved there permanently." Mr Francis continued, quoting the former royal chef: “The Queen can go out, walk the dogs, go out and see the horses in the back garden. "For the Queen, it’s always been dogs and horses first. That’s her passion, that’s her hobbies. And why shouldn’t she at 96 enjoy that? "Let Charles and William take on some of the other engagements, she should just be spending time with the horses and the dogs every day now. "Her family are all close by too in Windsor.” READ MORE: Camilla left helpless as friend faints in London heat at Clarence House event Windsor Castle is the royal residence that is based in Berkshire. Following a fire in 1992, the property was redesigned and was a popular weekend home for the Queen. St George's Chapel is also located inside and is where many members of the Royal Family have wed, including Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in 2018. DON'T MISS Windsor Castle reportedly boasts a staggering 1,000 rooms inside and the entire estate stretches over 45,000 square metres. It was previously commonly believed to be one of the Queen's favourite places to stay. READ NEXT: