The Feuerkrieg Division (FKD) was banned by the Government – but experts claim that it has re-emerged on social media under different guises. FKD was put on the proscribed list in 2020 after it urged individuals to spark an “apocalyptic race war” with mass murder and glorified atrocities such as the massacre of 51 people in New Zealand mosques in 2019 and the murders of 77 in Norway in 2011. The group also encouraged the mass murder of members of the Jewish and LGBTQ communities. The FKD said it disbanded before it was banned but security services said members not in custody would stay active. Evidence has emerged that it is still poisoning young minds. Investigative journalists in Germany spent more than a year probing FKD activities. They found death threats, including against politicians and journalists, plus bombmaking instructions. Dave Rich, director of policy at the Community Security Trust charity which aims to protect Jews from anti-Semitism, said yesterday: “There is an alarming problem of young people getting pulled into far-Right extremism at a much quicker rate, and younger age, than we have seen before. “This is a global movement that turns teenagers into terrorists and it couldn’t exist without the social media platforms that enable the sharing of their hateful propaganda.” The FKD – Feuerkrieg is German for “fire war” – was founded in 2018 by a 13-year-old boy from Estonia. It existed largely online, calling itself “a decentralised network” of “revolutionary National Socialists who have accepted that there is no political solution”. FKD’s British members included Paul Dunleavy who was lured into the group in 2019 when he was just 16. Dunleavy, who said Hitler was one of his heroes, posted photos of himself in an FKD skull mask and giving a Nazi salute. Police raiding his home in Rugby, Warks, and found nearly 100 documents on firearms, explosives and military tactics plus knives, air rifles, face coverings, camouflage paint, shotgun cartridges and bullet casings. Dunleavy had obtained a blanks-firing gun and believed he had the skill to convert it into a lethal weapon. Described as autistic and vulnerable to grooming, he was jailed for five and a half years in November 2020 after admitting nine counts of possessing terror manuals. Judge Paul Farrer lifted an order banning his identification. Weeks later, FKD member Luke Hunter – described as a one-man neo-Nazi propaganda machine – was jailed for four years and two months. Hunter, 23, of Newcastle, ran multiple online platforms promoting racial hatred and murder, saying the “eradication” of Jews was a “moral and racial duty”. One video included death threats to the West Midlands chief constable in revenge for the arrest of FKD member Dunleavy. The self-styled leader of the British branch of FKD was a Cornwall boy who was only 13 when he first downloaded a bomb-making manual. The youth bragged about the killing of Jews and how he wanted to “shoot up” parades of gay people. He admitted terror offences last year and was given a two-year rehabilitation order. The Old Bailey judge decided against a jail term after hearing that the youth, now 17, had “significant vulnerabilities”. He is said to have recruited Dunleavy while working from his grandma’s house. The Crown Prosecution Service issued a photo showing the country’s youngest convicted terrorist giving a Nazi salute next to a vile swastika. Earlier this month Luca Benincasa, 19, was the first person to be convicted of belonging to FKD. He kept a Nazi dagger and SS hat at home in Cardiff. He also admitted four counts of collecting information likely to be of use to a terrorist. He will be sentenced in September. When Britain banned FKD, Home Secretary Priti Patel said: “This vile white supremacist group advocates violence and seeks to sow division, targeting young and vulnerable people online.” The head of counter-terrorism policing said officers had serious concerns about a rise in youngsters caught in far-Right extremism. Met Assistant Commissioner Matt Jukes said the grooming victims, mainly early-teen boys, were self-radicalised online before progressing to planning attacks. A government spokesman said: “We are committed to tackling those who spread views that promote violence and hatred against individuals and communities in our society, and that radicalise others. “Proscription plays a vital role, and sends a clear message that these vile ideologies have no place in society.”