And today the British tennis ace will step out onto Court One hoping to reach the Wimbledon semi-final for the first time. He revealed that aged “20, 21”, while studying in Texas, he crashed his moped while trying to go and see his then girlfriend after a night out. But after focusing on his tennis and seemingly ignoring a rock and roll lifestyle sometimes enjoyed by top sports stars, Norrie will appear in his first Grand Slam Quarter Final and declared to fans he can go further in the tournament. Cameron said last night: “I was going out more than I probably should have been, like a typical student there at TCU, enjoying myself a lot." “After that the coaches really kicked me into gear and I was definitely more professional after that." “I grew up a lot after that. From then on, I was like, okay, I want to play tennis and commit to that and do that." “It was more just a turning point." “In the end it was a positive thing and it definitely kicked me into gear.” Despite his humble, unassuming manner, the British number one revealed he is “embracing and enjoying” being the nation’s greatest hope at the championships. He added: “I think my game’s improved a lot. I’m enjoying the challenge of kind of taking it level by level,” he said. “I want to keep pushing for more.” Cameron, the World number 12, will play unseeded Belgian David Goffin for a place in the semi-final - where they will likely play defending champion Novak Djokovic. In an exciting message to fans, he declared his best is yet to come. Norrie said: “I’m definitely a little bit more calm in the bigger matches. “I was pretty nervous with my first-round match against Andujar, then was two sets to one down against Munar." “I think I played my better two matches in the third and fourth rounds. It’s nice to do it that way round.” The British number one was born in South Africa to a father from Glasgow and a Welsh mother. He grew up in New Zealand but moved to London and obtained British citizenship aged 17 to further his tennis career before going university in the US. He supports Newcastle United, Fulham and Rangers football clubs. Norrie, whose nickname is “Nozza”, urged spectators to adopt the chant. “Norrie, Norrie, Norrie, Oi! Oi! Oi!” And the tennis ace said he is relishing having his parents David and Helen, girlfriend Louise Jacobi, 23 and friends from across the World alongside him at his matches. He said: “Having my parents here more just to hang out with and spend time with, and have my sister around, has been great." “I really feel good in London." “It’s good for the tennis. It’s a good base and I really enjoy spending time here." “I’ve got a good group of friends now in London and I like practising at the National Tennis Centre, helping all the younger Brits out as well.” His sister, who lives in London, has been among his loved ones watching on court, along with his old landlady and friends from his university days. “One woman that I lived with in Texas, she’s called Linda, she always comes to a couple of tournaments and it has been cool to have her around, too." “Also there were a couple friends, a couple of guys from university, who by chance are in London. They definitely came to the right one.” His parents, microbiologists David and Helen, have been a driving force in his life and have been watching on proudly as they shared his finest moments at All England Club." The couple still live in New Zealand and have been following their son around the European clay and grass tournaments since flying over to Rome in May. But as his date with destiny approaches, Norrie revealed he has not taken to his rise to the top of the tennis world by buying cars. “Every other day I have been cycling in. On the day I am not playing - I have too much stuff to do on the other days. I was doing the same to Queen’s. " “I always cycle to the NTC. I don’t even have a car." “I am not a proper cyclist but I have a little single-speed bike that makes it tough with the hills. It is a little bit hilly. Honestly, I’ve not been recognised cycling at all but it’s nice to beat the traffic and it’s a good warm-up for sure. “It takes 10 minutes to get here." “Last year we were in a bubble and I was going right past my house. It was tough. Now I’m here in 10 minutes and the car takes 15 or 20. It’s nice. I can be on my own schedule.” Branding expert Marcel Knobil said: “The UK is hankering for a male tennis star to replace Andy Murray, who seems to be on the way out." “And therefore not only the public and the media, but brands will be yearning for Norrie to step on the stage as Murray steps off it. “He’s one victory away from brands stepping in and having a real think about him. “This is a true tipping point in the commercial side of his career.”