Cleaning sensation Lynsey Crombie shared a simple video for cleaning oven racks on her Instagram account on Tuesday. The cleaning pro, who’s also known as the Queen of Clean on social media, is known for sharing her affordable and natural cleaning tips. Her latest cleaning tip included using tumble dryer sheets and washing up liquid to clean oven racks. Oven racks are prone to getting caked in grime and food debris and can be notoriously difficult to clean. However, the cleaning star’s latest post makes the task look easy. She said in the caption of her latest video: “Can tumble dryer sheets clean your oven racks? "Yep, they sure can. Let me show you this tried and tested super easy tip. READ MORE: Where does the Duke of Kent live? Inside his ‘modest’ home “I found a stash of tumble dryer sheets hidden away in the back of the cupboard, and as I am not using them this time of the year what better way to put them to use. “Simply fill a large plastic tub with super hot water and a few squirts of washing up liquid. “Cover the grates with your dryer sheets. “Check back in a few hours or leave overnight if they are really bad and then simply wipe away any residue that has been left using the dryer sheets. DON'T MISSCommon mowing mistake could be ‘turning your lawn yellow’ [INSIGHT]‘Best course of action’ to naturally get rid of crabgrass from lawns [UPDATE]Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [ANALYSIS] “And there you have it, super shiny and clean oven racks.” Lynsey said there are “plenty of other ways” to clean oven racks too. In the video, Lynsey used the dryer sheets to scrub the racks once they had soaked. She said the dirt and grime came away with “complete ease”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Continue to do this until it’s lovely and shiny and check out the dirty water that’s left at the end,” she added. Lynsey’s received more than 1,600 likes from fellow cleaning enthusiasts. Many people commented on how amazing the hack was. Instagram user Olga Thompson said: “Brilliant hack. [I'm] going to try this!” Amy Sheppard commented: “Oh, that's amazing.” Sara Jane Astley wrote: “Ha... perfect I have some old dryer sheets that need using up (no dryer). Awesome idea Lynsey!” Ani said: “Wow I didn’t know you could do that with tumble dryer sheets.” Karen Redlich replied: “Wow, who knew? Thank you for sharing.”