Arsenal will still pursue Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans once they sign Oleksandr Zinchenko, according to reports. Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout this window and remains a target. Arsenal look set to make Zinchenko their fifth signing of the summer. A fee of £30million has been agreed with Manchester City for the versatile star. Zinchenko has spent the majority of his time at City as a left-back. However, he plays further forward in midfield for his country Ukraine. That has created some doubt that Mikel Arteta would not pursue a midfielder such as Tielemans. But, according to this weekend's copy of the Sunday Mirror, that is not the case and they are still looking at the Belgian. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Arsenal prepare £42m bid, Tottenham deal  Tielemans is out of contract at Leicester at the end of the upcoming season. It is thought a deal could be relatively straightforward to complete if Arsenal push through with their interest, with the player valued at around £25m. Tielemans has over 100 Premier League games of experience behind him having initially joined Leicester on loan in January 2019. He has rejected any offers of a renewal to extend his stay at the King Power Stadium. Arsenal have made one midfield signing so far this summer, bringing in Fabio Vieira from Porto for a fee that could rise to £34m. However, Vieira is a more attacking player than Tielemans, who most often plays as a No 8 for Leicester. Zinchenko's arrival is set to take the Gunners' spending in this window to near £120m. Gabriel Jesus has been the most expensive signing so far at £45m. DON'T MISSChelsea have signed another 'Antonio Rudiger and Vincent Kompany' for Thomas TuchelArsenal star compares himself to Lionel Messi and tells Arteta how to unlock potentialMan City issue response to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' to sign Bernardo Silva  Jesus and Vieira added to the arrivals of USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Brazilian winger Marquinhos. Arteta's side missed out on Champions League qualification again last season, finishing fifth in the Premier League behind north London rivals Tottenham. Former Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has been impressed with his old side's transfer business so far. But he hopes to see another couple of signings made before the window shuts. Wilshere told talkSPORT: “They have done well, with some new signings. The new striker is good, Jesus. “I still feel they may need a few more new players because of European competition, in general, to strengthen the squad. They will probably fight to get into the team, but will strengthen the squad." 