Kate Bush’s 1986 track Running Up That Hill (A Deal With God) has enjoyed a resurgence in popularity after featuring in Stranger Things season four. The song even hit number one in the charts recently, almost 36 years after it was first released. Running Up That Hill has resonated with global audiences and certainly saved Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) after her first big encounter with villain Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). Max’s friends played the track to her when Vecna tried to kill her after entering into her subconscious. The song offered an escape route for Max, who followed the music and away from the clutches of Venca. Sadly, her second confrontation with Vecna was far more tragic after jock Jason Carver (Mason Dye) interrupted Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) and Max when they were trying to take down the villain. In the ensuing scuffle between Jason and Lucas, Max’s walkman with Kate Bush’s tape in it was destroyed and with it any hope of rescuing her. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Will in love with Mike? Vecna killed Max and, in doing so, claimed the fourth life he needed to open a portal between the Upside Down into Hawkins. Although Max technically died, Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) brought her back to life by restarting her heart. Max was subsequently put on life support with Eleven trying to use her powers to bring her friend back, even venturing into her subconscious. Despite her best efforts, Eleven only found darkness as she screamed into the abyss for Max to return. But could Max be saved by the song again? It seemed to be one possible way to bring her back to the real world. Indeed, it seems strange Eleven and Lucas didn’t try the song again in the hopes of somehow finding Max. Music has always been an integral part of Stranger Things and helped Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) when he was stuck in the Upside Down in season one. Will was singing Should I Stay or Should I Go by The Clash in an effort to comfort himself after he was trapped in a desolate plane. DON'T MISS...Is Stranger Things just a Dungeons and Dragons game? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [AANLYSIS]Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] In an interview with Express.co.uk, Stranger Things music supervisor Nora Felder reflected on the significance of the track, saying the lyrics were “so profound” and meant “many different things to different people”. She said her personal interpretation of the track in the context of Stranger Things was how it could “capture the emotional disconnection Max feels from her friends”. Felder went on to explain: “Her need for ‘a deal with God’ could represent her desperation for care and understanding from the people she cares about, the kind of mutual connection that allows us to switch places, and see through the lens of our loved ones. It’s a gift that guides and pushes us as we run up those hills in life.” The music supervisor explained how Max’s escape scene in the episode Dear Billy revealed her inner strength as she “battles an actual demon as a metaphor for the strength we need to conquer our own private demons”. Reflecting on seeing the final cut soundtracked by Running Up That Hill, Felder said: “I was so emotional, it encompassed me. It was truly breathtaking. Being part of this experience and world that The Duffers have created has been beyond special.” Judging by Felder’s words, Running Up That Hill still holds a lot of power and significance to Max and so may be the key to her survival. While fans are in for a wait for the fifth and final season of Stranger Things, it would make sense for the gang to try using the track again to revive Max from wherever she may be. There have also been other theories about Max being trapped in another dimension after Lucas was seen reading her Stephen King and Peter Straub’s The Talisman. In the book, a child sets out to find a life-saving crystal called The Talisman for his terminally ill mother. During his quest, he discovers parallels worlds with doubles of people known as ‘twinners’. Given Stranger Things is a homage to all things 80s including King’s work, it would make sense for the show to include this in some capacity. Stranger Things seasons 1 to 4 are streaming on Netflix now