The hit Netflix show will be entering its fifth season later this year with actress Olivia Colman no longer playing the role of Queen Elizabeth II. In the new series, viewers can expect to see further turmoil in Princess Diana and Prince Charles' marriage breakdown. The Crown, which is based on historical events, has kept audiences around the globe entertained since 2016. With the first series focusing on Her Majesty's coronation and her initial years on the throne, viewers have watched a dramatised version of what life is like for the royals. Season four of the show primarily focused on Princess Diana and Prince Charles' relationship from their first encounter in the late 70s right up to their wedding in 1981. The new series, which is expected to air this autumn, will see a new line-up of actors joining the cast including Imelda Staunton stepping into the role of the monarch.   In real life, when the Queen passes away, the procedures that follow are known as Operation London bridge. It’ll include information such as how her death will be announced to the world and the funeral arrangements. It’s reported that the phrase ‘London Bridge Is Down’ will be used as the code phrase when she dies. When this happens, it’s been claimed that bosses of The Crown have their own Operation London Bridge procedures in place.   An Insider told The New York Post that if Queen Elizabeth II passes away while they’re filming it will be particularly pertinent. They said: “Filming will shut down immediately if we are in production, for at least a week. “There would also be lots of discussion about when to restart.” Operation London Bridge plans were first devised in the 1960s, a few years after Her Majesty’s coronation in 1953 at the age of 27.  Now at 96-year-old, the nation celebrated her Platinum Jubilee earlier this year to celebrate her 70 years on the throne. Although it has not been confirmed if the Queen has seen The Crown, viewers can expect to see a dramatic fifth season. It’s been claimed that the series will explore the BBC Panorama interview with Princess Diana before she died in 1997. The controversial interview that happened in 1995 was conducted by then-BBC journalist Martin Bashir.   The interview made headlines after she candidly opened up about her marriage to the Prince of Wales. She famously exposed his adultery by saying: “There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded”, in reference to his relationship with Camila Parker Bowles. A source close to the show told PA: “Season five of The Crown will dramatise events surrounding the Panorama interview, given the pivotal part it played during the time period the new series covers. They added: “It will reflect what we now know about how the interview was obtained and how Diana was treated,’ after a report published last year found the interview was obtained using ‘deceitful behaviour”. The Crown is available to watch on Netflix.  