Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will walk his new side out for the first time when they take on arch-rivals Liverpool in Bangkok, Thailand on Tuesday afternoon. The Dutchman can get off to a strong start with a win over United's arch-rivals. Express Sport takes a look at five players who will need to impress if they enter the fray in the pre-season friendly. James Garner James Garner will have looked up in the sky at the Wembley arch after his play-off final win with Nottingham Forest wondering what was to come next after a superb loan stint at the City ground. The fact he is still at Old Trafford will give him hope that there may be a first-team spot with his name on it, even if Frenkie de Jong joins, given his age and high ceiling. Garner needs to make the most of his pre-season opportunities though given both De Jong and Christian Eriksen could link up with Ten Hag's team in the coming weeks. Donny van de Beek Having spent his last two seasons at Old Trafford out of favour under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, Van de Beek has been accustomed to a lack of game time at the Theatre of Dreams. The Dutchman could well form part of the masterplan set out by Ten Hag however. Having played under him at Ajax, Ten Hag will hope that little by little he can begin to rebuild Van de Beek's Red Devils career and hand him a key role in the side. But he'll have to start off strong in United's friendlies. Amad Some might say that Amad has stalled in his career after largely failing to impress on loan at Rangers last season although it must be said that the Ivorian has only played 27 games in his career before turning 19 on Monday. Perhaps his price tag plays a huge say in perceptions about his development, but having travelled to Thailand he will hope to impress as he fights for opportunities at Old Trafford. With Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga for competition out wide, Amad has a chance of minutes if he does well in pre-season. Alejandro Garnacho Garnacho has made a big impression in the youth ranks since his arrival at United in 2020 but has made just two substitute appearances at senior level. The Spanish-born Argentine international has a real chance to leave his mark this pre-season aged 18 and with the club in a real rebuild period. Whether Ten Hag will trust the youngster when the seasons starts is unknown, but the fact Garnacho has been included in the pre-season tour speaks volumes and he will hope to do well against Liverpool. Victor Lindelof Swedish star Lindelof played a key role for United last season given their tumultuous form and Raphael Varane's injuries. The former Benfica star will be wondering where he now stands under new manager Ten Hag given he has publicly backed captain Harry Maguire. Whether he's poor or not against Liverpool, Lindelof will get plenty of game-time at centre-back this season but if he can have a strong pre-season, perhaps he can force his way into the thinking as a starter at the beginning of the campaign.