Channel 5 has been following Amanda Owen and her nine children's lives on Ravenseat Farm for several years as part of the popular series Our Yorkshire Farm. Amanda, who is also known as the Yorkshire Shepherdess, is about to embark on a project away from the programme where she will be discussing the ongoing food crisis around the nation. The 47-year-old shepherdess and author will be at The Game Fair 2022 alongside TV chef James Martin as part of the celebrity foodie line-up. Amanda will be creating bespoke menus, giving cooking demonstrations and meeting visitors as well as giving talks on stage to reveal her family's recipes and stories about life on her 2,000-acre farm. The Game Fair is the longest-running largest countryside festival in Britain and attracts about 120,000 visitors each year. The rural event is running at Radley Hall, in Warwickshire, from Friday, July 29 to Sunday, July 31.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas  It will be the first time Amanda has been part of the spectacle, and she recently opened up about getting involved. "The Game Fair is so relevant on so many levels," she began. "I jumped at the chance to appear on stage and meet visitors as I think these mass gatherings offer an opportunity to have discussions concerning various topical issues – namely the current food crisis. "People are starting to wake up to food provenance and there is a backlash against factory farming."    "If you are going to eat meat, then educate yourself," she added. "I want to help break down social barriers and misconceptions. "So, if appearing on stage can help educate a few visitors then I am all for it." When asked what visitors can expect to see from Amanda, she joked: "Big earrings, inappropriate clothing and plain speaking. Whatever they expect, I won’t be it." Amanda is renowned for being candid on camera and has amassed a huge following on social media where she regularly posts updates about her farm animals, bubbly brood and latest cookbooks. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split [LATEST]Miles age: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm star Miles Owen? [EXPLAINER]Amanda Owen's family 'fail' sparks 'rescue mission' at Ravenseat Farm [UPDATE]   However, there is much more to Amanda than farming, as she explained: "I will tell you three things: I have a love of rave and dance music. "I don’t have any neighbours, so I can listen to it as loud as I like when the kids are out at school. "I also sometimes go to sleep in my makeup and after a quick tidy-up the next morning I am good to go. "And lastly, I have a tattoo of a sheep – a tramp stamp.    "Once upon a time it was a very neat Swaledale, but after nine children I’m a bit stretched, so it might not look so much like a sheep anymore." Amanda has a total of 1,000 sheep, 40 cows, six dogs and six ponies on her Yorkshire farm. The Game Fair’s managing director James Gower added: “We are over the moon to share the news that Amanda will be joining us at The Game Fair this Summer. "Amanda’s work as The Yorkshire Shepherdess has shared the realities, both good and challenging, of rural life with a wider audience, and we can’t wait to welcome her to our celebration of the British countryside."  