Manchester United have insisted they wouldn’t be pursuing Frenkie de Jong unless they were convinced he was open to moving to Old Trafford, reports say. The Barcelona midfielder is Erik ten Hag’s top target. But, despite a fee being agreed between the two clubs, this transfer is yet to get over the line. Manchester United quickly identified De Jong as their top summer transfer target, with Ten Hag previously managing the 25-year-old at Ajax. The two clubs have now agreed a fee for the Netherlands international, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to get him in the door. There have been claims over in Catalonia, though, that De Jong is flatly refusing to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. But United have now reportedly told The Sun that they wouldn’t be wasting their time on a player if there was ‘any doubt over his commitment to make the move’. And it’s stated the big delay to the transfer is down to the unpaid wages the former Ajax star is owed. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, De Jong took a pay cut - agreeing for his wages to be deferred. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Barcelona now owe their midfielder a huge £17m - but that hasn’t stopped them from splashing the cash as they plan for a brighter future under Xavi. Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie will be joining on free transfers from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. Barcelona have confirmed the arrival of Raphinha from Leeds, beating the Blues and Arsenal to the signing of the Brazil international. And the Catalan giants have now agreed a fee with Bayern Munich for Robert Lewandowski, who is eager to leave the Allianz Arena behind for a new challenge. United remain confident they’ll be successful in their pursuit of De Jong. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And, if they do land the Dutchman, he’ll become their latest statement signing after failing to qualify for the Champions League. In 2014, after they finished seventh in the Premier League table under David Moyes, Angel Di Maria and Radamel Falcao touched down. Two years later, when Jose Mourinho took charge, blockbuster deals for Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic were wrapped up. And, in 2019, United splurged a combined £130m on deals for the likes of Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. De Jong would also become the club’s 10th signing from La Liga, too. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. When Sir Alex Ferguson occupied the dugout, the Scot coached Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. Louis van Gaal raided Spanish football for Di Maria, Ander Herrera and Victor Valdes during his stint in charge. And, under Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane were drafted in. Jamie Redknapp, meanwhile, thinks United would be pulling off a major coup if they’re able to land De Jong. “I’d put him in the top two or three midfielders in the world,” he told Sky Sports on Thursday. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I think he’s an unbelievable signing. “He went to Barcelona it didn’t quite work out, for a number of reasons, but it doesn’t mean he's not an incredible player. “He’s young, and having worked so closely with the manager at Ajax, he’ll play just in front of the back four and he’s the sort of player that’ll make things happen and drive with the ball. “He’s so creative with his passing, got real pace as well, I think he’s going to be an amazing signing for them. “I’m really excited about that for the Premier League.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here