With temperatures set to soar well above 30 degrees this week, British drivers will do anything in their power to stay as cool as possible. One way of doing so is by blasting a vehicle’s air con. However, that can have big financial implications during the cost of fuel crisis. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay 188.76p per litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel drivers who can expect to fork out 196.96p per litre. With that in mind experts at StressFreeCarRental.com have urged motorists to use a little-known air con trick that involves wet rags. Using air con, especially during heatwaves, is vital. READ MORE: Motorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes Without adequate ventilation, drivers can become drowsy while operating a vehicle. A spokesperson for StressFreeCarRental.com said: “Driving in the blazing sun can cause motorists to feel dizzy and ill from heat exhaustion, which in return is dangerous for all the road users. “There are some cost-effective alternatives that help motorists tackle the heat and prevent accidents while they’re out and about on a hot day.” One of those alternatives is putting a wet rag over the air con vent. DON'T MISS Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel [ADVICE] Driver receives parking fines despite broken car park machines [SHOCKING] The air blown out will be much cooler without requiring the air conditioning system to work much harder. However, motorists should make sure they have a few wet rags easily available as they will dry out quite quickly. There are also a number of other tricks drivers can use. These include: READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow ‘key’ tricks to save hundreds on fuel Make sure to bring a refreshing cold beverage on the journey to avoid dehydration and store it under the seat to maintain its cool temperature. Wrap a frozen bottle in a towel and rest it against the seat behind your neck. Once it defrosts, there will be ice cold water to drink and cool off too. There’s nothing worse than getting into a boiling hot car at the end of the day, so be mindful of where the car is left. A portable fan can make all the difference, even on the hottest summer days. These fans are small but mighty when it comes to cooling down while stuck in a hot car. Put on a dashboard cover on the car’s windshield to keep sunlight away from the car’s interior. The heat won't be as overwhelming if there are no hot vinyl surfaces to touch. It’s obviously not a good idea to open windows all the way but leaving just a small crack will promote ventilation and help to keep the car cool.