Virgin River is Netflix subscribers' favourite romantic drama which has finally released its latest series. Season four dropped on the streaming service on Wednesday, July 20, with all 12 episodes coming out in one go. Despite only coming out this morning, fans are desperate to know what lies in store for the future of Virgin River. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River. Virgin River hasn't been seen on Netflix for over a year but the wait has come to an end as season four has now come out in full. Thankfully, this isn't the end of the drama just yet as it has already been confirmed there will be a fifth season on the way. Mel Monroe actress Alexandra Breckenridge and Jack Sheridan star Martin Henderson took to Instagram in September 2021 to reveal the good news. Season three had been released a few months prior and Netflix had given Virgin River a double renewal. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ In a short video, Henderson dropped down on one knee to ask his co-star a very important question. He told Breckenridge: "I really wanted to ask you – do you want to do a season four?" She then replied: "Yes, I do! I've been meaning to ask you – do you want to do a season five?" Of course, seeing how series four has only just come out, it is way too early for a series five release date to be announced. But seeing as series three and four both came out in July, it does seem likely season five will follow suit. Breckenridge has been adamant about keeping her fans in the loop via Instagram. She disclosed on social media on July 19 that filming for season five has officially begun. The Virgin River star is seen in the video riding in a cable car up a snowy mountain. DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [EXPLAINER]Virgin River's Preacher star confirms big change to iconic setting  [CAST]What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? [SPOILER] Breckenridge said in the video: "First day, season five of Virgin River! "What is Mel doing up a mountain? Can't wait to find out in like a year." The Mel star also confirmed with her co-star Zibby Allen that season five will consist of 12 episodes like season four. Prior to the latest series, Virgin River seasons had been made up of 10 instalments each. For those who have already finished season four, it was good news for Jack and Mel. The couple were concerned that the father of Mel's unborn child was her late husband Mark's (Daniel Gillies). Thankfully, this wasn't the case as a paternity test revealed Jack was indeed the daddy. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.