Fans were given even more unanswered questions when the latest season finale of Outlander opened with a woman who looked a lot like Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) enjoying a meal with her daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) in an American diner. Unfortunately, the mystery of Claire’s return to the 1960s will remain just that until the hit Starz drama returns for its seventh season. Lead star Caitriona has now revealed she wasn’t actually on set when the latest piece of the puzzle was filmed. Before she’s wrongfully kidnapped and imprisoned for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds), episode eight begins with another strange vision of Claire’s future. The time-traveller appears to be back in the 20th Century and enjoying a meal with Bree, whose face is hidden by a menu, in a traditional American diner. Recalling some of her favourite moments from the series, Caitriona said: “I especially love when I get to do ‘60s Claire. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? “As much as the end of season five was romantic, all of the dissociative stuff when we were in the ‘60s, I just thought it was so cool.” At the end of season five, Claire is haunted by visions of herself and her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) in a new life two centuries into the future. However, Claire’s highlander doesn’t share the same talents for time travel, so it’s seemingly impossible for the couple to both be alive in the 20th Century. Even so, Caitriona always enjoys getting a glimpse at Claire’s modern self whenever she gets the chance. “I love who she is in that time, you know, that she has this kind of armour of the hair and the make-up and the clothes,” she told GoldDerby. “And she’s so different to how we see her when she’s in the 18th Century, where she’s just so of the earth. “There’s nothing, sort of, vain about her. There are no accoutrements, unless she’s going to a fancy dinner, but it’s so natural and earthy. “Yet, when she was in the ‘60s she was so repressed, she was so repressed. And it just showed in this armour that she was wearing, and I love that. It’s really fun.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Why Kim lied about Lalo exposed [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU villain speaks out on shock return [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY] Sadly, Caitriona herself wasn’t able to slip into some of Claire’s stylish modern looks this time around. “But, unfortunately, that wasn’t actually me sitting in Carmey’s,” she revealed. “Because you never see the face, that was, like, a little - I probably shouldn’t say things like this - but the title sequence, that was a double in a red dress. “I wanted to sit in Carney's and eat some chips! But, it wasn’t me.” While Caitriona wasn’t able to enjoy some modern comforts this time, she could certainly get the chance in Outlander’s bumper, 16-episode seventh season. As Bree doesn’t appear to have aged significantly in the finale’s eerie flash-forward, it may not be long before the two Frasers take another trip through the magical Craigh Na Dun. Thankfully, the cast is already making good headway on the next chapter, so hopefully, fans won’t have to wait until later than next year for another ‘Droughtlander’ to come to an end. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.