The content creator suggested a tip he claimed might work particularly well for single people. Krish Kara is a 23-year-old Digital Marketer with a passion for personal finance, investing, and building businesses. He shares tips and tricks to make and save money. He boasts 73.1k followers on his TikTok account. He suggested making a one-off investment purchase now to save. "Save a thousand pounds on your energy bills if you live alone with this one simple trick," Krish said. "Invest in an electric blanket," he explained. Krish went on: "With energy bills rising, using an electric blanket instead of turning on your heating can save you £15 a week in electricity. "A one hundred watt electric blanket being used at full power for one hour will only cost you 2p on electricity. READ MORE: 'My energy bill is already 50% less': Woman discovers crucial cleaning tip to slash costs "That means if you kept it on 24/7 for an entire week it'll only cost you £3.36." Winter this year is likely to be a difficult one, with the ramifications of rising prices coming to bear on homeowners. Heated blankets are likely to be cheaper at this time of year, so it could be a good moment to invest. When it comes to heated blankets, remember to always unplug them before you get into bed, unless it has a control for safe all-night use. Don't leave electric blankets unattended while turned on. DON'T MISSAdd £8k to your house value and save £580 on bills with home update [ADVICE] Genius rules to save on food shopping - 'use a slow cooker' [MONEY SAVING] 'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating [HELP] Krish's followers chimed in, in response to the suggestion. "Or buy a two season quilt 15 Tog and not use any electricity at all," one suggested. Another said: "Just use a warm water bottle, free heating." Another said: "Go visit a friend or family and stay for breakfast lunch and dinner. Saves heating, food, and electricity." A number of people attested to Krish's hack. One also recommended a heated blanket and said: "I did this. Oh my gosh, the best thing I've bought. It's been my lifesaver especially when I had the flu." Another said: "I did that last year. I had one on my sofa, one on my bed, and one on the chair, so it was cosy but the house was cold." One wrote: "I do this! I’ve got a three-bed Victorian terrace with very high ceilings. There's no point trying to heat the whole house so I bunker down in my bedroom in winter."  Don't use standby Switching off appliances properly is simple and quick and saves money, around £55 a year. Turning appliances off at the plus is the best way to keep costs down. Turn your boiler down Changing the settings on your boiler can save you hundreds on energy bills. Plumbing and heating experts showed how you can turn down the heat of the flow water in your boiler. It could save around £157.68 a year. Clean your appliances One woman recently found her energy bill was 50 percent less after she discovered a crucial cleaning tip to slash costs. She explained cleaning her air conditioning unit saved a huge amount off the bill. Keeping other items around the house clean helps them work more efficiently too. Keeping radiators dust free will keep costs lower. Cleaning the boiler will help it work more efficiently, too.