The introduction of new green technology means motorists are now spoilt for choice when it comes to deciding what type of car they want to buy. The best car for you will depend on your individual needs, so read on to find out which type would suit you best - a petrol, diesel or electric car? Petrol cars are the most common in the UK for a number of reasons: they are reliable, cheap to fix and run and tick most of the boxes any average motorist would need. Thanks to the high-revving, responsive engines that produce great sound, petrol-run cars are usually said to provide the best enjoyment when driving. As well as this, many petrol cars also meet the requirements for low emission zones, unlike their diesel counterparts. READ MORE: All new UK car buyers ready to switch to electric once price drops However, there are still cons to owning and running a petrol vehicle. They tend to depreciate in value faster than electric and diesel motors, and because there are so many of them when it comes to reselling, it's unlikely to be difficult for your buyer to find a cheaper option. The current high price of fuel also makes petrol cars a costly type to run, especially with less fuel efficiency when compared to diesel cars. Diesel cars have the best fuel economy compared to a petrol car, even if it costs more at the pump, and are touted as being the best type of vehicle to buy if you make regular long journeys. However, diesel cars tend to have a higher upfront cost and are more likely to be subject to emissions regulations. Servicing a diesel can also cost you more than a petrol car, and overall maintenance is likely to cost you more over time. DON'T MISSBattery breakthrough to revolutionise electric vehicles [INSIGHT]James May: 'I’ll sell cars to fund early retirement' [REPORT]Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel [EXPLAINER] Electric cars are the best way to protect the environment, and car regulations coming into force in the next decade mean that you will be required to buy one if you want a new car after 2035. There are overall savings to be made if you buy an electric car as well, with zero car tax due to zero emissions, and overall lower running costs with charging being cheaper than using fuel. Electric cars can often have a high upfront cost, but there are a number of government grants and incentives available to encourage vehicle owners to change to an electric car. In some instances, you can get thousands of pounds off the price of a new model. Range anxiety is a huge issue for many drivers looking to go green, but the number of public charging points has increased rapidly in recent years and continues to rise. However, the mileage you can get out of an electric car is almost certain to be less than that of petrol and diesel vehicles. Electric cars are often best suited to city drivers, where there are plenty of charging points - but unless you have access to a rapid charger or an at-home charger, it can take as long as eight hours to recharge your vehicle. A double-edged sword for electric cars is how quiet they are - while some enjoy the peace of driving an electric vehicle, there has been some apprehension of how safe they are in built-up areas when pedestrians are around due to their near-silent engines.