In the yellow weather warning for rain, the Met Office said “slow-moving heavy showers may cause some localised flooding and travel disruption”. The warning is in effect from 1.08pm to 5pm, and is localised in parts of Dumfries and Galloway. In a statement, the Met Office said: “Slow-moving heavy showers with a chance of thunder are moving onshore across parts of Dumfries and Galloway this afternoon. “By early evening, showers will tend to die out with drier conditions developing. “A few locations may see 20-25 mm of rain in less than an hour, with a small chance of 30-40 mm falling in 2-3 hours.” It comes ahead of heavy rainfall overnight on Saturday, with Atlantic rain pushing eastwards over Scotland and Northern Ireland, as well as some parts of north England. According to WXCharts, at 3am these showers strike over much of Northern Ireland and the west coast of Scotland, while Friday’s eastern showers over Edinburgh strengthen to 3mm an hour in some areas. By 9am, the worst of the weather will have subsided for many, with isolated showers in the midlands and 2mm an hour downpours in the Lake District.  Heavy downpours return again on Monday, with a plume of rainfall up to 5mm striking Northern Ireland at 12pm and Scotland at 3pm. The Hebrides and west Scotland are hit by 5mm downpours at 3pm, with some parts of north east England and most of Northern Ireland soaking in between 1mm to 3mm showers. At 9pm, 5mm showers remain over the Hebrides but the worst of the rain moves eastwards into the North Sea, with intermittent spells across parts of the north of Britain. The Met Office said in its long range forecast from August 1 to August 10: “Changeable conditions are expected for many at the start of the week, with outbreaks of light rain across central and southwestern parts. “Meanwhile, the north and many southern areas may see mainly dry and bright conditions. The changeable regime will continue further into the week, with cloud and outbreaks or rain likely in the west and northwest. “It will be drier in the southeast, but some cloud or rain remain possible here too. Temperatures will likely trend above average in the south and closer to normal in the north. “Most areas may see some rain or showers towards the end of the period, although the southeast will remain mainly dry with sunny or clear periods. “Generally near normal temperatures for the north, perhaps warm or very warm in the south.”