In just 10 weeks’ time, the energy price cap will rise a further 65 percent from the current £1,971 to a staggering £3,245. Now is the time to implement savings before the double whammy of the price cap rise and start of colder months bring more misery, say the experts at Cornwall Insight. Millions of people in the UK are struggling to make ends meet because the cost of food, fuel and bills has soared. While there is no magic wand, there is one little known hack that could help people save up to £40 a month on their energy bills. A charity called Homeless in Teignbridge Support (HITS) has been looking into the cost savings of using a slow cooker rather than an electric oven and the results are shocking. They say a 160W slow cooker can be used for 15 hours and 42 minutes for the same energy usage as one hour with a standard electric oven, Teignmouth today reports. READ MORE: NHS scam warning: Which? advises how to avoid latest scam A slow cooker can also help people make savings on their food shop. People can experiment with cheaper cuts of meat as slow cooking them will ensure they end up tastier. While not everything can be cooked in a slow cooker, most things can and it also helps people save time. It is also completely safe to be left unattended, experts say. DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, GoCompare Energy asked people what they are doing to save energy and using a slow cooker came in at number 10: READ MORE: Carers miss out on £650 DWP cost of living boost - 10 ways to save  Meanwhile, people can save a further £65 a month by signing up to a food club near them. Devonport Community Baptist Church Minister Michael Shaw told Express.co.uk how the number of local residents attending his food club has quadrupled in just a few months. He told Express.co.uk: “It’s used by people who wouldn’t usually rely on a food bank. "I’m shocked by the growth and the desperate need for cheaper food.”  Food clubs like the one in Devonport are growing in popularity as the cost of living crisis forces people to look for cheaper options. Elaine Wishart told Express.co.uk: The Bristol resident continued: “I’ve joined a food club - it’s not a food bank. “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £25 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting."