The Duchess of Sussex moved to California in March 2020 with husband Prince Harry after the pair stepped down from their roles as senior royals. The couple live in a nine-bed mansion in Montecito, a town in Santa Barbara, with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Since stepping down from their roles, the pair have been on their own personal career endeavours with plans to be financially independent.  Meghan is thought to be working on her podcast, Archetypes, which is set to be released this summer as part of the pair’s £21million deal with Spotify. And the Duchess apparently likes to record in style, as one source claims she books out conference rooms at a five-star hotel to work on her new project. The source said: “Their home is large enough to host most of her business meetings, but sometimes Meghan will secretly book a conference room at the five-star hotel. “She’s throwing herself into work on her podcast at the moment, which she can work on from home.”  The couple have also been seen dining at luxury restaurants, hiking in the hills and spending time at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club where memberships cost over £8,000-a-month. Prince Harry was spotted last month enjoying a game of polo after returning to California from the UK following the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Despite being papped on several occasions, the pair like to keep their personal lives concealed, with the source claiming Meghan has been carving out a new lifestyle leaving her known as “The Princess of Montecito” to locals. The source told Closer: “There’s a lot more going on in Meghan’s world than people think, she just keeps it very private these days but her royal status gives her a lot of leverage. She spends most of her time in Montecito, but she heads into LA every week or so.” READ MORE: Meghan 'leveraging royal status' in latest move  In her lifestyle blog, that is no longer active, Meghan revealed she likes a slow-paced lifestyle, writing: “On my perfect day, I would wake up late, take my dogs for a walk, do some yoga before a perfect sashimi lunch.” Meghan Markle’s podcast is said to be all about female stereotypes, with the Duchess of Sussex reportedly being paid $18million (£13.6million) for the first episode, according to Virgin Radio presenter Steve Denyer. It does not yet have a release date but is thought to be coming out this summer. Speaking to TalkRADIO, Mr Denyer said: “It's supposed to be about women and about tackling stereotypes.” DON'T MISS:UK Covid cases surge across Britain: calls for lockdown [INSIGHT]Locals shove fish through holiday cottage letterbox to deter tourism [PICTURES]Alert sounded at 30,000ft as passenger flight issues 7700 'Squawk' [COMMENT]  In a trailer for the Archewell Audio project released in March, male voices are heard saying derogatory remarks about women including “she's a sl*t” and “a little emotionally unstable”. Meghan follows the excerpts, saying: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? “And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?” 