Chelsea target Raphinha has reportedly asked his agent, Deco, to block any further advances from the Blues in order to hold out for a move to Barcelona. The Brazilian forward is widely expected to leave Leeds United between now and the start of next season and is thought to have no shortage of external interest in his services. The likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea have all been linked with a move for Raphinha, with the Blues having already settled on a transfer fee with Leeds after ramping up their efforts to snap him up. The player himself is not keen on moving to Stamford Bridge, though, and is prepared to wait for Barcelona to come calling, according to Spanish outlet Sport.It is claimed that Raphinha has asked Deco to 'stop' negotiations with Chelsea in order to 'prioritise' a move to Barcelona, who have been credited with an interest in landing the 25-year-old for some time. Those in power at Chelsea are said to have been left flummoxed by Raphinha's stance against joining their ranks as they did not expect him to refuse the possibility of a move to west London.Chelsea are not the only club to have been turned down by Raphinha, though, with the report claiming that Manchester City are the only 'big six' club not to have expressed an interest in his signature this summer. His strategy to force a move to Barcelona is said to involve exploiting all of the options available to him so that he can end up at the Nou Camp in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Five Premier League players becoming free agents who may be forgotten Deco is said to have strong links to those in power at Barcelona from his playing days in Spain and is expected to play a major role in securing his client's future before the start of next season. He has already hinted at Raphinha's desire to move on to bigger and better things than Leeds when quizzed on his potential next destination back in October."There are certainly many clubs interested in him," Deco told Brazilian outlet Globo. "Liverpool do like him and there were some approaches [last summer] but nothing official, Leeds wanted to keep him for another season. "Raphinha is happy at Leeds, but there will certainly come a time when he wants to take a step up in his career and move forward. He has three years left on his contract but there's nothing in it that states how long he must stay for or that prevents transfers."Leeds are aware of that and will want to sell him for a big sum, while Raphinha will end up progressing in his career." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE