Doc Martin fans are looking forward to the bitter-sweet release of the 10th and final season of the medical comedy-drama. The ITV series last aired in 2019 and it has been a long time coming for the new episodes, which will mark the end of the road for Martin Clunes and the cast. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the final season. Doc Martin made its debut back in 2004 and Martin Clunes stars as Doctor Martin Ellingham. His character is based on Doctor Martin Bamford from the 2000 film, Saving Grace. Fans are looking forward to revisiting the characters in Portwenn, Cornwell, after a two-year hiatus. The final series, which is set to include a Christmas special, will air in the autumn of 2022. Filming was supposed to start in 2021 but was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Viv Hope star on ‘big gamble’ that changed the soap Filming has now taken place and eight new episodes will be set in the idyllic hamlet of Portwenn in Cornwall. Buffalo Pictures have also announced they will be making a festive special to bid a final farewell to Doc Martin. Doc Martin usually airs in September, and Express.co.uk will update this story when a date is confirmed. Back in 2020, Clunes and his wife, producer Philippa Braithwaite, released a statement about the final season. READ MORE: Martin Clunes fights neighbours' plans for permanent traveller site They said: "We have loved making nine series of Doc Martin. When we launched the series in 2004 we could never have imagined how much our loyal viewers would take to the grumpy Doc like they have. "The series has avid fans both in the UK and throughout the world and we are thrilled that Doc Martin has topped the ratings every time. "However, after sixteen years we now feel that the time has come to say goodbye to Portwenn. "We will be making the tenth and final series in 2021 and we are very much looking forward to returning to Cornwall to film it." Of course, this was before they realised the pandemic would impact production. DON'T MISS... Doc Martin: Is Louisa pregnant in Doc Martin? Why did Mark leave Doc Martin? Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? Clunes appeared on Lorraine earlier in January 2022 to discuss his new show, Islands of the Pacific. He also talked about the end of Doc Martin, saying it was the right time to end the journey. The star said: "It is sad, but it's not really, it's the right time." "I think everyone will appreciate that it's time to finish, but it feels like a really good time to finish." Due to the delayed filming date, Clunes said he had a lot more time to prepare the scripts. READ MORE: Eileen Atkins age: How old is the Doc Martin actress? This means the series will definitely be going out with a bang, with much stronger storylines. Speaking on Steve Wright's BBC Radio 2 show, the actor said: "I'm really looking forward to going down because we didn't get there last year as we should have. "But it's given us another year to get some really cracking scripts." When asked when season 10 could air, he said: "I'm guessing autumn this year."  Doc Martin season 10 will air on ITV later in 2022