The climate change campaigners have stuck themselves to the sixteenth century painting in protest against climate inaction and the continued production of planet-heating fossil fuels. The painting in question is a copy of the one attributed to one of the artist’s pupils, Giampietrino. Five activists have stuck themselves to the frame of the painting after spraying “no new oil” across the wall below it.   Around half-a-dozen dozen security guards and those with RA lanyards quickly rushed visitors and journalists out of the room. The protesters have been told the police have been called to deal with the incident. Mr Bramwell, 50, was one of the protesters to target the famous paining with superglue. He claimed Just Stop Oil had chosen The Last Supper because people around the world are currently experiencing a food crisis caused in part by rising global temperatures.  The campaigner said: “Food production is down and crops are failing. “Any more oil production or new oil infrastructure projects are going to tip us over the edge possibly to two degrees of warming.” Mr Bramwell claimed this would cause more crops to fail and put an increasing number of people at risk of starvation. He added: “The future of this planet is facing it’s last supper in many regards." READ MORE: Royal Mail strikes: Post deliveries to be crippled this month - dates  Casper Hughes, another f the activists who glued on to the frame of the painting, said he felt he had no choice but to glue himself to the iconic painting. Speaking in nearby St James' Park ahead of the action, he told The Independent: “Having been woken up by evidence and science by the utter hell that is coming down the road for our children - I’ve got a 15-year-old son, I cannot fathom why we’d let ourselves create a situation where their future is so dire." When Mr Hughes was asked about the potential damage to an iconic painting that is part of Europe’s cultural heritage, the campaigner pointed to the park around him. He said: "This is our cultural heritage right here, it’s being damaged left, right and centre. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Starmer 'fails spectacularly' to name plan [BLOG]German radio caller savages plan to get Brexit Britain back in EU [VIDEO]'Huge error' to film Cabinet meeting as members face expose MPs fury [COMMENTS]  "Why are we placing a higher value on paintings than we are on the landscapes that the painters were actually viewing in order to create those incredible masterpieces." This latest protest comes less than 24 hours after two campaigners from the same group glued themselves to the frame of John Constable’s masterpiece The Hay Wain at the National Gallery in London. The Just Stop Oil protesters also attached their own image of “an apocalyptic vision of the future” of the landscape, on three large sheets of paper. This showed a dated car dumped in front of the Mill and the Hay Wain cart carrying an old washing machine. THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 