While Sunday’s Wimbledon final saw Novak Djokovic secure another title after beating Australian Nick Kyrgios on Centre Court, it was also a bittersweet occasion for BBC viewers who saw presenter Sue Barker say her farewells during her final stint as presenter. During her last few moments fronting the coverage, Sue was left in tears after the likes of Clare Balding, Tim Henman and Billie Jean King surprised her with an emotional goodbye. And it wasn’t just Sue who was left reaching for the tissues as Carol Vorderman added on Tuesday’s Lorraine that she too became overcome with emotion. Carol and entertainment correspondent Ross King were discussing Tom Cruise’s return in Top Gun as well as his appearance at the Wimbledon finals when the admission came about. Ross joked: “I was actually at the men’s final too! I wasn’t in the royal box, I was in Sue Barker’s seat.” As Carol chuckled, Ross paid tribute to Sue following her departure from Wimbledon on the BBC after three decades. “Can I just say as well to Sue Barker,” Ross said. “Billie Jean King summed her up by saying she was the GOAT. READ MORE: Business owner rages over heatwave debate on GMB 'Snowflakes!' “And people go, ‘Why do they call her the GOAT?’ No, the ‘Greatest of All Time’. Susie B, you are the greatest of all time. A huge congratulations to her. “What an incredible end to 30 years there,” Ross concluded before Carol weighed in: “She was amazing.” The Lorraine host added: “I watched that last piece of Sue Barker twice, Ross. “And I cried both times,” Carol admitted. “I thought she was remarkable.” Sue’s Wimbledon exit was announced earlier this year but despite it being in the pipeline for a number of months, her final farewell still resulted in plenty of tears. As she went to sign off on Sunday afternoon, Tim interrupted and said: “Sue, I hate to interrupt you, and we have had a very good look back at the men’s final today… “But we’ve got a little something for you,” the former British number one added. “A little look back at the past 30 years. Watch this.” “Don’t you dare, Tim…” Sue said as a compilation of her highlights and tributes from colleagues and athletes played on-screen. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon champion Elena Rybankia's message from Kate Middleton Novak Djokovic set to have Australian ban 'lifted' in blow to NadalNadal's uncle gives verdict on why 'messy' Kyrgios lost to Djokovic John McEnroe, Martina Navratilova, Des Lynam, Roger Federer, Michael Johnson and Rafael Nadal were just a few names who paid tribute to Sue and her work over the past three decades. As the cameras returned outside Centre Court, Sue was crying with Tim planting a supportive arm around his friend and colleague. Clare Balding then took over, saying to viewers: “And I think it’s fair to say we’ve broken her. “Listen to this crowd all chanting Sue’s name. Billie [Jean King] has joined us as well because Billie Jean, you always said if you can’t see it, you can’t be it.” Billie remarked: “She’s the GOAT! Men and women, she is an amazing example. “If you want to be a presenter, if you want to be the best in the field of broadcasting… Sue Barker. I told you, she’s the GOAT, the best ever!” Through tears, Sue said: “Can I just say it’s been an absolute privilege. I have loved it. 30 amazing years.” Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.