The 2022 Commonwealth Games opened with an incredible ceremony in Birmingham yesterday. Appearing at the event to represent the Queen, Prince Charles spent some time chatting to those involved. He met with hundreds of volunteers and athletes at the University of Birmingham before the opening ceremony. He quipped to the Australian team: "You're the team that the others are terrified of.” Swimming team manager Mel Tantrum responded: "We're actually very friendly.” The Prince of Wales arrived at Birmingham's Alexander Stadium in a luxury vintage Aston Martin. Buckingham Palace had previously announced the Queen would not be attending the games due to ongoing mobility issues. She will instead be watching on TV from Balmoral Castle, the Palace said, where she is on summer break. Her Majesty did however sign a message for the Baton Relay. The message then travelled 90,000 miles around the Commonwealth, before being revealed at the Opening Ceremony. Prince Charles addressed the crowd on behalf of Her Majesty: "Over the years, the coming together of so many for the 'Friendly Games' has created memorable shared experiences, established long-standing relationships, and even created some friendly rivalries. "But above all they remind us of our connection with one another, wherever we may be in the world, as part of the Commonwealth family of nations." READ MORE: Queen Mother broke Royal Family rule to stop Charles' 'big mistake' [REVEAL] "Tonight, in the words of the founder of the Games, we embark once again on a novel adventure here in Birmingham, a pioneering city which has drawn in and embraced so many throughout its history. “It is a city symbolic of the rich diversity and unity of the Commonwealth, and one which now welcomes you all in friendship. I wish each athlete and team every success. Your hard work and dedication, particularly in recent times, have been an inspiration to all of us. “It now gives me the greatest pleasure to declare the 22nd Commonwealth Games open." DON'T MISS: Camilla 'slays' in navy jumpsuit for Opening Ceremony - pictures [REVEAL]Queen causes fan frenzy with inspiring message at Commonwealth Games [INSIGHT]Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama school’ [ANALYSIS] The opening ceremony celebrated the best of Birmingham and was headlined by the city's iconic pop group Duran Duran. A 10m tall mechanical "raging bull" which was dragged into the stadium and "tamed" by a performer, was the star of the show. The enormous centrepiece represented The Bull Ring, a major shopping district in the city.