Belly fat can be exceptionally tricky to get rid of, but Dr Michael Mosley suggested there are ways to go about. And the rule to follow is pretty simple. The diet guru said that people should limit their sugar intake to "no more than twice a week" for food and drinks that contain more than five percent sugar. He said: "To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar spikes is key. "A surprising number of diet snacks and drinks are high in sugar and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat." He revealed how avoiding sugar along with starchy carbohydrates and processed meat can transform the body's metabolism and put it into fat-burning mode. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Mosley explained: "Cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts. "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." He added: "Minimise or avoid starchy carbs – meaning the white stuff like bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice. "Switch instead to whole grains including bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, wholegrain barley, wild rice and buckwheat. Brown rice is okay. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Legumes such as lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas are healthy and filling, too." He advocates for the Mediterranean diet; and its menu offers one "delicious" food in particular that promotes weight loss. The weight loss expert claimed if a person has eggs for breakfast, they will help to shed pounds. "Boiled, poached, scrambled or as an omelette – they’ll keep you feeling fuller for longer compared with cereal or toast," he explained. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Delicious with greens and Parmesan or smoked salmon and a sprinkle of chilli." Dr Mosley is most famous for his diet schemes such as the Fast 800, which offers plenty of breakfast recipes that include eggs. They accelerate the metabolism of the body, which increases fat burning speed. According to Healthline, "eggs are among the most nutritious foods on the planet". They are loaded with high-quality proteins, vitamins, minerals, good fats and various trace nutrients, with a large egg containing only 77 calories. Speaking on BBC Breakfast in 2019, Dr Mosley revealed his go-to breakfast favourites: "For breakfast I’ve got eggs and asparagus," he said. "I’m a huge fan of eggs - eggs fill you up. You can have scrambled eggs, boiled eggs, however, you want them. “Sometimes I have eggs with ham or a bit of salmon. “No toast I’m afraid, plenty of tea and coffee, plenty of fluid."