Dee (played by Madeleine West) made her long-awaited return to Neighbours in 2019, after she had been presumed dead for more than 16 years. For a short while, she tried to give her relationship with Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) another chance as he was a single man following the death of his wife, Sonya Rebecchi (Eve Morey). Unfortunately, things didn't work out between them in the past, however, as the Channel 5 comes to its end, writers could bring the pair back together for one final time. The infamous character could make her way back to Ramsay Street as Toadie and Melanie decide they need to make a fresh start. In this week's episodes of the weekday serial drama, Melanie has been seen struggling with the memories of her partner's late wife, Sonya. Although initially, she was reluctant to talk to her other half about it, she eventually opened up and admitted she felt she couldn't live up to the expectations bestowed upon her in Sonya's absence. Toadie agreed Sonya would always be a big part of his life and the children's lives but they could start to move on as a family. This included putting up fewer pictures of Sonya around the house but this might not be enough for Toadie as he knows he will never be able to move on with reminders of his late wife being everywhere. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition With the feature-length finale just weeks away, Toadie could decide he is going to sell up and move his family to Sydney. This is where his brother, Shane Rebecchi (Nicholas Coghlan), and his wife Dipi Rebecchi (Sharon Johal) live with their children. Melanie could agree to the move but she would feel some level of guilt as she feels she would be taking the children away from the place their mother raised them. Struggling to come to terms with what's happening, Melanie could become distant toward her partner and this could lead to Dee's return. Having experienced life under Sonya's shadow in the past, Toadie could contact Dee to see if she would be willing to talk to his current partner. Wanting Toadie to have the brightest future, Dee could agree and come face to face with Melanie upon her return to Ramsay Street. Dee could explain she felt guilty at one point as she felt she was replacing Sonya in the children's lives but she knew this would never happen. Just like moving away, she would tell Melanie although this is the place where Sonya lived with her family, she will always be in their hearts. With Toadie also having lived in one place for so long, Dee would encourage him to spread his wings and leave his past behind him. Dee's words of wisdom could strike a chord with both characters and they could agree this is the best decision for them to make. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher unveils extravagant gift from Margot Robbie [COMMENT]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT] In the final, feature-length episode of the weekday serial drama, Toadie and Melanie could be seen packing their car and bidding farewell to Ramsay Street. This would allow for some new characters to move into the Rebecchi house, meaning the future of Erinsborough is set in stone if the show was ever to be revived. The actress who played Dee, Madeleine, has previously spoken out about returning to the show one day if she wanted to. One of the possibilities of the return could be playing both Dee and her twin sister, Andrea Somers, who was also played by the same actress. Madeleine said: "I've already said that I would love to. Playing these two characters at once is the most complex thing I've ever done." “With Neighbours, it's very easy to call it a soap," the actress continued in an interview with Digital Spy. "But when a show has such a large cast and is airing as frequently as it is – and has been airing for 35 years – it has no choice but to really capture the zeitgeist and be exceptionally topical. “We know that Dee loves Toadie and Toadie loves Dee. Their story is about finding each other," she explained but could she be the reason he leaves Ramsay Street? There are a whole plethora of characters returning to the soap before the show's finale next month, with more than 20 names in the line-up. However, Madeleine's name has not been mentioned so could she make a surprise comeback in the final few episodes? Taking to Twitter, viewers of the show have been voicing their thoughts on Dee's return and sharing their memories of her. Ben wrote: "This is an amazing set of returnees for the #Neighbours finale! Any chance of Mads back as Dee, ⁦ @ShaneIsheev? Grianne posted on the social media platform: "#Neighbours Absolutely has to bring Dee Bliss back for the finale, too, surely?" Let's All Have A Disco remarked: "Ok so Scott and Charlene are coming back. But what about Dee? #Neighbours." Alex shared: "Thanks for everything. The past few years, going back to Dee/Andrea, have been magnificent, the best the show has ever been. You'll be sorely missed. #Neighbours." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.