Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola was involved in an awkward exchange with a fan who pursued him on a bike late at night. The Spaniard had tried to get away from the individual before deciding to stop and take a picture. The footage, which was originally posted to TikTok but has since been shared across various social media sites, shows a fan notice Guardiola as the 51-year-old turns a corner and onto a quiet alleyway while on a bicycle. It is unclear when or where the video was taken but the incident happened in the late evening. Guardiola is clearly perturbed by the individual who is shouting his name trying to catch him and tries to speed away, but the man insists on catching up. “Hey Pep, let me get a picture bro!” the fan begins to shout. He then comments on the speed at which Guardiola is cycling, saying: “My man’s smoking!” The fan then tells viewers: “You man need to see this. Oh my god!” Guardiola gets to the end of the alleyway before getting off the bike and turning to face the fan. The former Barcelona head coach holds the bike in front of him in an apparent attempt to protect himself. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd 'in talks' with target, Chelsea unveiling “Yo Pep, let me get a picture. Why are you running off bro? Let me get a picture bro, just let me get a picture bro!” the fan pleads. Guardiola stares down the individual but accepts the request to take a picture. The individual then flips his camera to the selfie screen and continues to plead with Guardiola that all he wanted was a picture. In an awkward scene, the four-time Premier League champion appears to snub a fist-bump and walks away. Guardiola is finally able to depart the scene as the fan laughs at his failed attempt to get a fist-bump from the legendary manager. Many social media users have criticised the individual for pursuing Guardiola at night. DON'T MISS...Chelsea bid for third Man City star 'rejected' in Thomas Tuchel raidChelsea squad's reaction to Raheem Sterling's Man City exit emergesChelsea told to sign four more players after sealing Sterling transfer City won a remarkable fourth top-flight title in five years last season and are favourites to finish top next season. Guardiola has refreshed his squad ahead of the new campaign in a bid to stay ahead of Liverpool and the other challengers. Erling Haaland is City’s flagship summer signing after arriving from Borussia Dortmund in a £51million deal. Fellow forward Julian Alvarez has arrived from River Plate after returning to his former club on loan following City’s January capture of the Argentine. England midfielder Kalvin Phillips has also joined from Leeds, while new second-choice goalkeeper Stefan Ortega Moreno - signed from Arminia Bielefeld - will provide competition to Ederson. Meanwhile, striker Gabriel Jesus has been allowed to join Arsenal in a £45m switch, and the Brazilian scored his first goals for the Gunners in the weekend’s win over Nurnberg. Raheem Sterling is set to join Premier League rivals Chelsea for £50m.  