The Port of Dover declared a “critical incident” as France’s border officers did not turn up on the busiest day of “the entire year”. Furious holidaymakers said they felt like Paris was punishing Britain for Brexit – with many waiting six hours to board a ferry after battling through traffic snaking for miles. Families said they were stranded as ferries left without them and faced anxious waits to board the next service to Calais. One even joked after setting off at 5.15am: “We have less than one mile to go. If we get out of the country today, we’ll be delighted.” Many said they booked ferries due to chaos at UK airports, with flights cancelled and huge queues forming in departure halls and at baggage collection points. Some boarded ferries on foot to avoid the traffic carnage. And bosses warned delays of five hours were expected again today. Doug Bannister, chief executive of the Port of Dover, said it was “immensely frustrating” to be “let down by woefully inadequate” border control staffing. He was expecting 14 French border staff yesterday morning – but only six arrived. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss labelled the delays at Dover “unacceptable”, calling it an “entirely avoidable” situation.  The Prime Minister hopeful said: “We need action from France to build up capacity at the border to limit further disruption for British tourists and to ensure this appalling situation is avoided in future. We will be working with the French authorities to find a solution.” Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said he was “working closely” with the French transport minister. He tweeted: “There’s been severe delays today at Dover & so I’m working closely with my opposite number Clement Beaune to address the issues that caused tailbacks. “I welcome his commitment that both Britain and France will work closely to minimise further disruption so people can get away quickly.” But last night a huge blame game erupted – as thousands of families had the worst start to their summer getaway plans. The French authorities claimed the delays were partly caused by an “unforeseeable incident” in the Channel Tunnel, which meant its border police were unable to deploy at full capacity at Dover until more than an hour later than planned. But Eurotunnel’s director of public affairs John Keefe dismissed the claims, saying: “There is absolutely no correlation between the two.” And Port of Dover boss Mr Bannister insisted it was a lack of French border police to blame: “We’ve got a critical incident under way. The cause of it is French immigration controls. This is causing major disruption. French border controls are not properly staffed. To be let down in the way we have with inadequate resources and slow processes is just immensely frustrating.”  And he could not rule out further disruption today, adding it is “just the start of a very busy summer for us.” Asked whether he could reassure travellers the backlog would ease, he said: “I really wish I could. We’re putting all the attention we possibly can on ensuring there will be enough resources in place to manage this very busy first weekend of the summer.” Foreign Office minister Graham Stuart said: “We had been planning for this on the basis that this is the biggest peak moment of the entire year. “Inevitably at this time there are queues and we’ve been working closely with the French authorities because it’s their staff, their ability to cope and process people that is causing the backlog. They’ve added three additional booths and we worked closely with them to get those staffed up. For those who are caught up in it, it’s horrible. “We’re doing everything we can. But it’s not a Border Force problem as such, it is the French authorities, and all we can do is continue to work with them.” Dover MP Natalie Elphicke fumed: “French Border Officers didn’t turn up for work at the passport controls as needed. This has caused massive delays.”  Turkish lorry driver Muhammet Turker said he was in his truck for 15 hours. And he claimed other lorries kept cutting in front of him in the queue after he arrived at Dover at 6pm on Thursday. He said: “I’ve been in something like this before, but this is the worst.” Husband and wife Alan and Sarah Hudson were heading to Provence, France, for 18 days with their two children, aged 11 and 14. The delays meant they missed two ferries and were forced to fork out more money on extra accommodation. Sarah, a GP from Maidenhead, Berks, said: “We left at 4am and should’ve got here for 6.15am but we’ve been queuing for over four hours now. “We’ve already missed two ferries. I’ll be upset if we get there and they say we can’t get on the next one because we don’t have a flexible ticket or something.” The family will need to find somewhere to stay for the first night because the delays mean they won’t arrive at their hotel until after check-in. Sarah added: “It’s about an 11-hour drive when we get to Calais. It doesn’t matter what ferry we get today, we’re not going to get into our accommodation tonight, so we’re probably going to have to book somewhere else.” Newlyweds Tommy and Laura Gee say it took them more than two and a half hours to complete a journey through Dover that was expected to take just 14 minutes. They stayed at a local campsite last night. Jenny and Andrew Dunwoody, who are travelling to Grenoble, south-eastern France with their daughters Jessica, 10, and Annabel, eight, said authorities on both sides of the English Channel “must have known” there would be a high volume of people travelling at this time of year. Jenny, from Bromley, south-east London, said: “I feel like they’re so close to the wire all the time that there’s no headroom for things to go wrong. So when things do go wrong, they go badly wrong. “Everybody knows about the airport chaos so it’s not hard to predict a lot of ­people are going to choose to get the ferry. When we came to book our ferry we realised it was going to be busy because it was hard to book. If we knew that, then they must have known.” P&O Ferries told passengers that they should allow at least five hours to clear the approach roads to Dover and security checks. Passengers have been advised to take additional water and snacks, ensure they have plenty of fuel in the tank and are urged not to try back routes due to concerns about the congestion situation worsening, particularly for local residents. Georges-Francois Leclerc, the regional head of Haut-de-France, the area which includes Calais, insisted last night it was incorrect to say the French had failed to mobilise sufficient border police for the rush.  