All too often on emergency calls, they threaten to conk out. Look, I personally totally support the switch from fossil-fuel-powered cars to all-electric ones. But the technology has to be up to it, particularly when it comes to emergency vehicles. And it clearly isn’t... yet. Tiny Gloucestershire Constabulary has the second-highest number of electric police vehicles in the country. Chris Nelson, the area’s Police and Crime Commissioner, says that when his force’s electric cars really have to step up to the mark – in other words, turn everything on and floor the accelerator – they are in danger, in his words, of “running out of puff”. Worse, often there is nowhere for them (to pursue the metaphor) to “catch their breath”. “I’ve heard of lots of officers driving around in electric vehicles having problems finding re-charging facilities – running out of puff and then having to get another vehicle,” says Mr Nelson, whose force operates about 90 battery-powered police cars. Now he’s wary of getting any more until range and performance improve. As a private motorist I feel exactly the same way, and I’m not out there trying to fight crime or save lives. Speaking of saving lives, we also learned this week that so-called smart motorway technology fails to spot 40 percent of breakdowns in live lanes (you know, the ones that used to be the safe hard shoulder). A leaked report shows that “stopped vehicle detection” (SVD) doesn’t spot broken-down vehicles within a time limit considered safe by National Highways. Motoring groups say it’s clear the radar-based SVD system is “woefully inadequate” and drivers are “sitting ducks” when they break down on “smart” motorways. More like dead ducks, in the steadily rising number of fatal cases where lorries plough into stranded cars. Henceforth in this column, these travesties of road safety will be known as “dumb motorways”. Let’s finish with Scotland Yard’s success rate in catching the low-lives who break into and steal from parked cars. “Success rate” is stretching it. Home Office figures show that last year the Metropolitan Police solved 0.5 percent of thefts from vehicles (no, you didn’t misread that – the figure really is half of one per cent). Out of 55,000 thefts, just 271 were solved. Nationally, barely one in 100 resulted in a charge. Police have all but decriminalised the offence. At this rate, our woker unis will soon be offering degree courses in how to do it. The finest, funniest radio comedy ever broadcast is back for its 50th anniversary season. I’m Sorry I Haven’t A Clue, which first aired in 1972, returned this week with its usual mix of breathtaking double-entendres, surreal one-liners and word games that make no logical sense whatsoever. The spirit of long-time regular Barry Cryer, who died earlier this year aged 86, hovers over all like a congenial ghost. Barry was the king of the one-liner. Some of his best? “Quick – sound made by a dyslexic duck.” “Hashtag – party game where people chase each other for drugs.” “Picasso was burgled and made a drawing of the thieves: police arrested a horse and two sardines.” But my favourite Cryer-ism was his routine after-dinner gag at friends’ birthday bashes. Rising to make the toast, he would smile winningly at the guest of honour. “There he is, our birthday boy. And I must say – I must say – he doesn’t look 70, does he, ladies and gentlemen?” He would give it a beat before saying directly to the host: “Of course, you did once...” Welcome back, ISIHAC. Barry’s up there listening – and laughing. The conflict in Ukraine has given a whole new meaning to the term “asymmetric warfare”. A Russian T-62M tank typically costs around $5m to put together. Ukrainian forces have found a way to knock out this beast of the battlefield. Cost? About the same as a decent second-hand family car. All you need is a drone and one hand grenade. In a video posted on Twitter, a drone hovers above a tank, and almost insouciantly drops the grenade through the open hatch (crews are forced to leave them open in the summer heat). A flash, puff of smoke, and that’s that. Tank and crew permanently off the books. Makes you wonder about the future of our own tank battalions, doesn’t it? For years, Strictly Come Dancing was co-hosted by Brucie and Tess. But it could have been so different – it could have been Brucie and Denise. Because the TV presenter and West End star Denise van Outen revealed this week that she was offered the Strictly gig first – but turned it down as it sounded “boring”. Never mind, Denise. Kismet, and all that. Or as Boris might say: “Them’s the breaks.”