The candidates to replace him have started the predictable calls for tax cuts etc., yet our national debt is rising at £5,000 a second. A new PM is likely to merely rearrange the deckchairs while the ship is still sinking. I'm sure many would feel happier to hear the words "cuts in spending" along with a reduction in taxation.We need a leader who can win arguments on such policies. What we need now is a principled, true Conservative.The last time we had one such person in power, it was Margaret Thatcher.  Looking at the list wanting the PM's job, if they were all put in one pot and melted down they would not make one as good as Boris, says David Mitchell from Lytchett Matravers, Dorset. The Conservatives are going to rue the day they ousted him. Shame on them all. How can Rishi Sunak possibly expect any everyday pensioner to give him their vote when he blatantly reneged on his triple lock pensions promise and helped thousands onto the poverty line? asks David Bruce from Egremont, Cumbria. As a multimillionaire above knowing what difficulties he has caused, he seemingly has no regrets. But if he becomes the next PM then I would guarantee that the Conservatives will lose the next general election due to the thousands upon thousands of pensioners remembering how he betrayed them all. Of all the people who were discussed to take over from Boris Johnson, Home Secretary Priti Patel must have been the worst, given her track record over the past few years, particularly her atrocious handling of the illegal migrant crossings and the Rwanda scheme, which seems to have gone quiet all of a sudden, says Peter Rushton from Brindle, Lancs. The majority of politicians just care about themselves and their own futures ("Who's supporting who in race?", July 12). I've no doubt Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resigned not to save the people but to put their own interests first, says Carole Gates from Swansea. We have lost a strong leader through the actions of the political Left and Tory MPs fell for it. It's a decision that will be regretted.  Sir Keir Starmer slates the measures that some of the Tory PM candidates are advocating as fantasy economics ("'Don't get into a Dutch auction of unaffordable, fantasy tax cuts'", July 12), says Michael Carter from Rickmansworth, Herts. Well he should know, having seen past Labour efforts usually ending with the UK close to bankruptcy. As Margaret Thatcher once said: "The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money." I think it is a disgrace how Boris Johnson has been treated, says Kay Stewart from Barton-le-Clay, Beds. Next time we have a vote I am going to cross out Labour and Conservative and put underneath, "I vote for Boris".