Campaign Director of Defund the BBC, Rebecca Ryan was discussing the possibility of the BBC licence fee model being replaced by a taxation scheme in which the cost of the public service broadcaster is simply added to the public’s general taxation. She described the idea as a “massive step backwards” and urged the new prime minister to “make sure the BBC moves into the 21st century” when they win power. It comes as a former BBC boss claimed his old company has become “poor at reflecting the views of the entire country” and must change.    Ms Ryan said: “I just don’t think there is the hunger there from people to pay for the BBC out of general taxation. “We’re living in an extreme cost of living crisis at the moment and paying that amount of money out of general taxation when you can see clearly that people are flooding away from the BBC [is a mistake]. “People are no longer consuming public sector broadcasting in the way that they used to. Times are changing and I think it would be a massive step backwards to say to people ‘Okay we’re now going to put this into general taxation and you’re all going to pay for this thing that is deeply unpopular’. “So, I think it would be a huge misstep from Conservative Government to make that decision and what they need to do is make sure the BBC moves into the 21st Century by embracing a private funding model.”    Speaking on the BBC’s global broadcasting, Ms Ryan said: “Well, currently the BBC’s world service is funded by general taxation. “It’s not funded by the licence fee. So, I think that is, as you say, about soft power and making that available. “But, also, at the same time, we do have supporters from across the world who say they are frustrated by the bias that they see from the BBC. “People from Kashmir and in the Middle East who are extremely upset that the BBC are basically doing the same thing as they are doing here, which is pushing one side of an agenda.” READ MORE: TV licence: Who is eligible for a 50% discount on their BBC bill? [INSIGHT]   Roger Mosey, who was appointed head of BBC News in 2003, appeared today to agree with Ms Ryan on the issue of the broadcaster’s need for change. Speaking about the shortcomings of culture secretary Nadine Dorries, Mr Mosey said: "The Johnson government was particularly torrid for our public service media, and it would be better for us all if the next prime minister takes a more constructive approach. "It's hard to imagine anyone less suitable for the job than Nadine Dorries. "The substance of her policies was worse... and yet, some of Dorries's instincts are not wrong." DON'T MISS: Is the new woke agenda killing off the TV sit-com? [INSIGHT]BBC licence fee replacement may see EVERYONE pay in 'European' model [REPORT] Scrap the licence!’ TV licence could be axed under planned BBC reforms [REVEAL]   He said he agreed that the licence fee was an "out-of-date idea", and that during the ongoing UK cost-of-living crisis "we should not be jailing non-payers". He added: "Dorries is also correct that the BBC has been poor at reflecting the views of the entire country, and that groupthink in editorial meetings is damaging. "London is still way too dominant in its power to make decisions about what we see and hear, and there is an unquestionable metropolitan bias. "The new PM will have the chance to change course - let's hope they take it." He then said that Channel 4 has "strayed from its mission of distinctiveness" with "endless property shows and series of Come Dine with Me". READ NEXT: BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'hysterical' heatwave coverageHousehold levy ‘should replace BBC licence fee’TV licence: Who is eligible for a refund worth £159?Threat to BBC as nearly two million viewers call for scrapping licenceNew Prime Minister MUST end licence fee campaigners warn Tory hopefuls 