Zoe Ball was left locked out of the airport while "tired and emotional" after accidentally forgetting to pick up her luggage. The BBC Radio 2 star was travelling with hair stylist Lisa Davey, who branded them “t***s” for the gaffe. Lisa posted a photo taken from Heathrow Terminal 5, standing next to the baggage enquiries desk. “When you’re so busy chatting you forget your luggage!!!” she wrote alongside some embarrassed-looking emojis. “#t***s #unhinged,” she added, before tagging Zoe, who reposted the photo. The next update from Lisa revealed they were drinking a coffee together, as she explained they were “still waiting” and “locked out”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host “#idiots,” she added. In a follow up video, Zoe looked unbothered by the wait as she laughed and waved while sitting in a chair, hoping to get her suitcase back. “Success,” read the next post, as the TV presenter could be seen dancing around with her suitcase, having finally been reunited. Despite her upbeat appearance Zoe admitted on her radio show today that she was “tired and emotional” after her weekend. “We were so busy chatting, we took the wrong route, and we forgot to collect our bags,” she said. “We tried to get back in and we were stopped by security, it was a security breach, and then it became like an episode of Challenge Anneka, with the two of us completely hysterical, trying to break back in to get our bags. “We did it all the official way, we had to walk and use the emergency phone, a lady called Barbara had to help, it was quite dramatic,” she continued. “But anyway, we got our bags. DON'T MISS...Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [LATEST] Loose Women's Linda Robson stuns in swimwear snaps on hols [PICTURES] Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum detailed [INSIGHT] “You know when you’re just so tired, sick of travelling, and you’re like, ‘Oh, what’s happened!?’ But we did it.” It comes after news earlier this month that the star would be leaving the usual studio where she has recorded her BBC Radio 2 Breakfast show since 2019. She took to Instagram to announce the sad news that it was her “last day” at the Manchester BBC studio. From now, Zoe will return to her regular studio at Wogan House in London. BBC told Express.co.uk: "Zoe was broadcasting her Breakfast Show from the BBC studios in MediaCity, Salford, this week. But from tomorrow will be back in her regular home of Wogan House studio in London." Zoe posted the videos of the "sad-looking" studio on the morning of July 7. The presenter said in the video: "So last day in BBC Radio Manchester. I'm going to miss it here. "I've had such a lovely time and this morning I got treats from OJ,” she added, before showing the banana bread she received from OJ Borg, the current weekday overnight host on Radio 2.