Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng is set to introduce the landmark Energy Security Bill in Parliament today, which will aim to boost the country’s energy independence and security in the face of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Bill, which was announced as part of the Queen’s Speech will include 26 new measures to boost the UK’s transition to a "cleaner, affordable, homegrown energy system". This Bill is said to be the most significant piece of energy legislation in a decade, as Russia's invasion of Ukraine has forced European countries into action to phase out oil and gas exports. Russian President Vladimir Putin has weaponised his dominance in global fossil fuel markets, by squeezing or even halting supplies of gas to European countries to exert pressure amidst the war in Ukraine. The invasion even aggravated the fossil fuel energy crisis, as Britons are now set to face household bills as high as £3,000 by this October. This Energy Security Bill follows immediate support from the Government to help people with rising energy costs and puts into law measures to boost long-term energy independence, security, and prosperity included in the British Energy Security Strategy announced earlier this year. The new law is designed to help drive "an unprecedented £100 billion of private sector investment" by the end of the decade. This investment will boost "new British industries" that crop up amidst the global energy transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy technologies that "are built to last and help diversify our domestic energy supply", including hydrogen and offshore wind. The Government believes that this Bill would support around 480,000 green jobs by 2030. Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “To ensure we are no longer held hostage by rogue states and volatile markets, we must accelerate plans to build a truly clean, affordable, home-grown energy system in Britain. READ MORE: Shell on the verge of major energy breakthrough to ‘change EU’s future “This is the biggest reform of our energy system in a decade. We’re going to slash red tape, get investment into the UK, and grab as much global market share as possible in new technologies to make this plan a reality. “The measures in the Energy Security Bill will allow us to stand on our own two feet again, reindustrialise our economy and protect the British people from eye-watering fossil fuel prices into the future.” The 26 measures introduced in the Bill are set to include those to support the deployment of low carbon technologies at scale such as Carbon, Capture, Usage and Storage (CCUS) and hydrogen, which the Government notes will help "drive investment by giving businesses the certainty they need." The Government is also "determined" to make sure that the UK becomes a world leader in these technologies by securing a "first-mover advantage" in seizing the global market share.  Chief Executive of the Carbon Capture and Storage Association, Ruth Herbert, said: "Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage has a critical role to play in reducing the UK's emissions and in the development of our industrial regions, where investment in new infrastructure can put us at the forefront of the global net zero transition. "The CCSA has worked with the UK Government on a credible investment framework for CCUS deployment and we are pleased to see the Energy Security Bill laid in Parliament today to implement it. "We look forward to confirmation of the first wave of carbon capture projects and a clear plan for subsequent projects to move ahead as soon as possible, given their vital role in our future low carbon economy, driving inward investment and maintaining and creating green jobs for the future." The measures will also look to reduce Britain's exposure to volatile fossil fuel prices by reducing the cost of ultra-efficient electric heat pumps and encouraging the deployment of heat networks . 