  Channel 4’s George Clarke has blasted the Tory party in a new interview, claiming the housing market is “screwed”. The Home Show presenter has claimed house prices are “insane”.      George, 48, gave his honest opinion when asked if he had any hope the UK property market could be turned around. The Restoration Man star explained: “None at all, while the Government remains obsessed by ownership. “The market has been screwed ever since Margaret Thatcher sold off council housing stock. “The only prime minister I’ve ever heard speak honestly about it was Theresa May, who said she wanted to ‘fix our broken housing market’. READ MORE: Blue’s Duncan James pretended to date Geri Halliwell to hide sexuality     “This Government don’t know how to do anything about it,” he added. “It’s categorically insane that the average house now costs seven to eight times one’s salary, when banks won’t usually lend more than five times. “If food prices had risen at the same rates, a typical supermarket chicken would cost £60 – there’d be riots on the street.” Asked if he was resigned to his teenage children hanging around the home for a while yet, George spoke candidly once more.     “Young people can only get their first property if they move somewhere really cheap, dip into the ‘bank of Mum and Dad’ or wait till they inherit money,” he reflected. “It’s ridiculous that I’ll have to raise deposits for my kids to get them to move out,” he told Radio Times. The Amazing Spaces presenter is a regular face on TV, but prefers to keep out of the spotlight when it comes to his personal life. The artichect has three children and has been married twice. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [INSIGHT] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [NEWS] Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [NEWS]      George was married to his ex-wife Catriona for a number of years before they called it quits in 2013. Their marriage reportedly broke down after their busy work schedules. In a statement released at the time, George explained: "We have been married quite a long time and decided to part. “We have separate custody of the kids and are going through an amicable separation and divorce."     The pair welcomed three children while they were married: Georgie, Emilio and Iona. George then remarried to his second wife, Katie, in September 2018, but they announced they were going their separate ways back in February. Katie works as a marketing and communications consultant in the luxury fashion industry. Read the full interview with George in this week’s copy of Radio Times.   