Meghan Markle appeared in New York City on Monday wearing a very chic custom-made black Givenchy skirt and top. The Duchess wore her hair slicked back in a ponytail and opted for her signature smokey eye makeup. There was one beauty difference; the shape and thickness of her eyebrows and brow experts suggest this trend gives a more “youthful look” to the face. "Meghan's new brow style is very different from her previous look," Sian, founder of the Sian Dellar Permanent Makeup Clinic commented. "They are much straighter in shape now, less of an arch and the tail of her brows is elongated towards her temples, which is much longer than before.” The expert said Meghan’s new eyebrows “give off Audrey Hepburn vibes - big, thick straight and archless”. But “they frame and suit her face well”. Sian also told Hello! how “thicker brows can have a slimming effect on the face and jawline and the tapered tail can really open up the eyes”. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan Doctor Jason Champagne, an award-winning aesthetic facial plastic and hair restoration in Beverley Hills, America previously spoke to Express.co.uk about eyebrows and trends within the beauty industry. He said: “Currently, the most popular eyebrow trend is a full, natural brow, and I believe it is here to stay for a while. “My patients are still requesting a return to a natural-looking brow from the over-tweezed look of the past.” As for why this is, Dr Jason revealed: “Full eyebrows always give the impression of youth. DON'T MISS...Tomato plants: Add pet hair to homemade fertiliser [EXPERT]Burger King: ‘I tried the new burger and loaded fries’ [REVIEW]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO] “And on the opposite end of that is a thin, over-tweezed brow that exposes the brow bone. “An exposed, prominent brow bone at the upper, outer corner of the eye will always give the impression of ageing. “Having brow hair that covers the brow bone softens the look of the upper third of the face and always appears more youthful.” Whilst having a heavier eyeshadow, Meghan likes to keep her base makeup light in texture. READ MORE: Prince George's choice of colour in new birthday photo suggest 'trust' Chanel Sublimage Le Teint Foundation was one product the Duchess used to favour. It provides good coverage without hiding her best features. “I never want to cover my freckles, so we just do a 'wash' of foundation in certain sections instead of over the entire face,” she previously told Birchbox. The foundation is still available to buy for £113 or $135. Meghan previously said she only wore foundation when filming for Suits, and on other days would wear a prime to give her “skin a dewy glow”. The Duchess is also a fan of wearing false eyelashes. Sometimes, if she doesn’t want to wear a full set, she might opt for individual eyelash extensions for a more natural look.