Let's face it, we've all cheated at a board game at least once in our lifetime, whether in our younger days during a heated sibling rivalry, or even as an adult in order to beat that really competitive friend. Well according to a new study, it looks like cheating in table-top and board games is even more widespread than we thought, with ten games, in particular, attracting a ton of cheaters. In a study conducted by Solitaired, it was revealed that Scrabble attracts the most cheats. The hugely popular word game racks up more than 11,000 searches a month, specifically related to cheating. Indeed, if you start typing Scrabble into Google, one of the top suggestions is 'Scrabble Cheats'. Once you enter your letters, Scrabble cheat sites suggest words. Chess is the next game in the list, generating over 5,000 searches a month on how to cheat. Monopoly is third in the list, followed by the likes of BlackJack, Boggle and Connect4. "According to statistics, the tabletop game industry is expected to reach $5.4billion by 2025 – with the average gamer owning between one and 25 games," the study explains. "And with fans able to get their hands on online or app versions of their favourite games, this is only expected to rise. "Yet, while tabletop games are a popular, wholesome activity that can often be enjoyed by the whole family, that doesn’t stop cheating from occurring – with over half of men and one third of women admitting guilt in a recent study." You can see the full top ten below... Board game cheats - the most searched table-top cheats... • Scrabble - 11,110 monthly searches about cheating • Chess - 5,660 monthly searches about cheating • Monopoly - 2,220 monthly searches about cheating • BlackJack - 890 monthly searches about cheating • Boggle - 730 monthly searches about cheating • Connect4 - 730 monthly searches about cheating • Poker - 610 monthly searches about cheating • Checkers - 320 monthly searches about cheating • Mancala - 210 monthly searches about cheating • UNO - 180 monthly searches about cheating • Battleship - 140 monthly searches about cheating