Cost of living and the economy has dominated the campaign to replace Boris Johnson so far. But the people whose votes the two candidates are looking to win over also want to hear how the candidates will protect Britain's borders. While arguments over tax cuts have been the main dividing line between Mr Sunakd and Ms Truss so far in the race to replace Boris Johnson, only 34 percent of Tory voters said it was a priority in a new Ipsos poll. The survey of nearly 1,100 British adults, carried out between July 15 and 20, found 53 percent of those who backed the Conservatives in 2019 want to hear more about the pair's immigration policies. The issue has been largely ignored in the campaign so far. It risks being a new divisive debate in the leadership race as Mr Sunak and Ms Truss vie for the support of Conservative members. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG The leadership race is already viewed in Westminster as one of the most bitter contests ever with fears it will only get more vicious through the summer. Candidates looking to replace Boris Johnson as the Conservative leader tore chunks out of each other in the first stage of the race as they clashed on the economy. Some MPs even fear the pair have held back compromising information about each other to deploy in the weeks ahead in a bid to derail their opponent's campaign. One Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "They'll have been holding things back. "They'll both have great big dossiers of kompromat ready to now be leaked." Senior parliamentarians fear the contest will badly damage the party in the eyes of the public and risk giving a boost to Sir Keir Starmer's Labour Party.  Candidates will spend the next month touring the UK as they talk to party members in a bid to win their votes. The Tory party announced 12 locations across the UK where they will hold public hustings between the final two, with the first being in Leeds on July 28. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will visit Cardiff, Perth, Northern Ireland, Manchester and Birmingham in the following weeks before the final hustings in London on August 31. The winner will be unveiled on September 5. Both finalists have also agreed to take part in TV debates to make their case to the nation. They will exchange blows on the BBC on Monday, July 25 and on Sky News on Thursday, August 4. DON'T MISS:Boris will STILL face Partygate probe despite quitting  [BREAKING]Boris set to interrupt Queen's Balmoral trip to tender resignation [INSIGHT]Hartley-Brewer erupts at Sunak backer in vicious tax row [REACTION] The candidates took part in debates on Channel 4 and ITV along with other colleagues who were still in the contest last week. The televised clashes were brutal affairs, with all those hopeful of securing the top job throwing punches at one another. Many in the party are concerned about taking part in the debates on BBC and Sky may prove to be a mistake.  A frustrated MP told Express.co.uk: "I don't know why we are doing this. It doesn't help inform debate, it just makes us look divided. "We're playing to the media's game, turning the whole thing into a circus and then we need to somehow put the party back together at the end of it all. "We should be focused on membership hustings." Labour has already made an attack ad of clips from the ITV debate of the Tory MPs lashing out at one another. It included Ms Truss warning Mr Sunak's record as Chancellor had left the UK "predicated to have a recession" and her rival swiping back that the Foreign Secretary's tax cut proposals would damage the economy. A Sky debate had originally been due to take place earlier this week but the two finalists pulled out in a bid to cool tensions. Privately, the candidates' campaigns believe it was a mistake to ever have agreed to take part in the ITV and Channel 4 debates. The BBC and Sky debates yet to take place risk descending into more toxic mud fights.