After spending the morning by the beach, Laura Hamilton told hosts Craig Doyle and Mollie King she couldn’t resist whipping off her dress and diving into the sea to chill out. The presenter stunned in a low-cut white swimsuit as she threw her frock to the cameraman and jumped on an inflatable flamingo. Laura told her guest: “I’m really lucky because I’ve got the day to spend here. “I’me feeling very envious so I’m going to head in the sea myself.” Turning to the camera, she told Craig and Mollie: “I’m probably not going to head to the wetlands to see the flamingos. “Instead, I’ve got a flamingo of my own.” READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming Laura untied the waist of her dress before pulling it over her head to show off her swimsuit. “It’s too hot. I’ve got to whip this off and I’ve got to get in,” she explained. Back in the studio, Mollie and Craig were left stunned by her confidence as they exclaimed: “Yes!” “I want to stay friends with the cameraman because we’ve been come friends all week so I’m going to get my mic off,” Laura continued. “I’m going in, let’s do this!” As Laura took off her mic pack, she picked up the pink flamingo inflatable and ran into the sea. “You’ve got to do this Laura,” Mollie called out. “I was just going to say how much I love your dress but I’m loving what’s happening here.” DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun’s Laura Hamilton gives ‘reality check’ to buyer [VIDEO]A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe on dealing with ‘abrupt’ buyers [INTERVIEW]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton strips down to white bikini [PICTURES] Laura could no longer hear the host as she jumped on the inflatable and floated away from the shoreline. “Chase the guy! Chase the Italian hottie who walked past a couple of minutes ago,” Craig exclaimed. This Morning viewers rushed to Twitter to share their amusement and joke they were jealous of Laura. “That's it Laura, rub our faces in it #ThisMorning,” Carmela tweeted. Misty Wendy posted: “Laura's got the best job ,,,, #ThisMorning.” Luke Tyler swooned: “#LauraHamilton what a beautiful woman, a great addition to This morning.” However Dave complained: “I’ve had my fill of watching Laura Hamilton swan around the med whilst we are in the middle of a cost of living crisis, sick of it #ThisMorning.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am.