Richard Palmer, the Daily Express royal correspondent, speaking on the Royal Round Up, claimed that Harry and Meghan made a number of claims during their first interview with Oprah Winfrey that were “factually incorrect”. Amid speculation over the prospect of a second interview, Mr Palmer warned the Sussexes that it would be a mistake and could risk further damaging their relationship with their family. It comes as the royal couple were spotted turning into the TV veteran Ms Winfrey’s Monetico property last week, followed by a convoy of cars and a security detail.    Speaking to Royal RoundUp host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: “It is very hard to get to the bottom of what is going on with that couple. There’s all this talk about a fly-on-the-wall documentary series. I don’t think they have actually really confirmed that. “They have certainly categorically denied it earlier. I suppose you could ask, a bit like politicians, whether it was a non-denial denial. “They simply said they were not doing a reality TV show. I would say a fly on the wall series is a reality TV series.” After discussing a Royal Round Up poll in which more than 80 percent of respondents said the Duke and Duchess and Sussex should not do another Oprah Winfrey interview, Mr Palmer added his own scathing insight.    He said: “Well, the last one was such a disaster, wasn’t it. I mean, really, for their relationship with their family. “It was bad news for the monarch and it was bad news for them, as well. “There were things that they said that were just not factually correct. They did not get married three days before [their official wedding]. “The Archbishop of Canterbury made that point very plainly, and there were various other things as well.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spotted' with Archie on July 4th [REVEAL]   Meghan and Harry were spotted last week visiting Oprah Winfrey late on Saturday afternoon, sparking rumours that they may be about to hold another interview. In pictures obtained by MailOnline, the couple were pictured turning into Ms Winfrey’s 70-acre property in Montecito, California followed by a convoy of cars, including a Range Rover carrying personal security. Prince Harry was seen driving the lead car alongside the couple’s friend, actress Janina Gavankar, with Ms Markle sat in the backseat. The Sussexes live just five minutes from Ms Winfrey’s home in Montecito, having moved there from the UK. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot [LIVE]Meghan and Harry’s popularity sinks to ALL-TIME low [INSIGHT] Prince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert [VIDEO]   GB News host Nigel Farage earlier this week slammed the possibility of a second interview, suggesting that it would leave the royal couple looking "vindictive" and "money-grubbing." Speaking to Sky News Australia anchor Paul Murray, he claimed that a rumoured "second interview could be underway" after the couple were spotted at Ms Winfrey’s house. But, Mr Farage said if another bombshell interview was on the way and was intended to derail the Royal Family, “they won’t succeed”. The former Brexit Party leader said: "In cricketing terms, the queen has got the best forward and backward defence you've ever seen, she never gives her wicket away.” READ NEXT: Meghan and Harry haters make spectacular blunder with Sussex NHS trustMeghan poised to swipe 'true power on her own terms' Meghan in 'totally different avenue' leaving Harry as 'househusband'Palace in 'panic mode' as fears of second Sussex Oprah interview growPrince Charles ‘wants Harry and Meghan back' in royal fold 