Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has broken his silence on Cristiano Ronaldo's future. The Portugal internaitonal wants to leave Old Trafford behind, less than a year on from his return from Juventus. And, now, things have become clearer. Ten Hag has been asked about Ronaldo in Thailand and emphasised the forward would be staying at the club. "So he's not with us. That's due to personal issues," he said. "We are planning with Ronaldo for this season - that's it. I'm looking forward to working with him. He hasn't told me this. I have read, but as I say, Cristiano is not for sale, he's in our plans and we want to get success together." Another question put to Ten Hag was about the United captaincy. And he made it clear Harry Maguire will be wearing the armband, saying: "Harry Maguire is the captain. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings "He's an established captain, he's achieved a lot of success, so I don't doubt this issue." Ten Hag then proceeded to confirm he'd talked with Ronaldo about his future before the situation arose. Yet he certainly seemed in no mood to divulge details of their conversation, merely hammering home that Ronaldo wasn't for sale amid interest from the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Barcelona. "I spoke with him before this issue came up. I had a conversation him and had a real good talk," he stated. Ten Hag explained the signing of Tyrell Malacia, too. The Netherlands international has joined from Feyenoord, despite the Red Devils already having the likes of Luke Shaw and Alex Telles on their books. And Ten Hag said: "He has the profile of a modern full-back. Defending good and tough to beat and in offence really good, that's why." United are due to face Liverpool in their first match under Ten Hag, with that game set to kick off on Tuesday. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. He stated: "A game against Liverpool is always exciting, Man Utd vs Liverpool is a big game. We are looking forward to it. It’s a really big test for us. The standard of Manchester United is to win every game. "We will start with that in our minds, we are determined and we are happy to play this game in Bangkok for many, many fans. We just started, some players only one week, so now we have to construct a team, a way of playing. We are really short in pre-season but, of course, we have to develop a lot more." On the club’s lack of transfer business, he said: "We want to have the right players. We have a really good squad, we're working on developing our way of play and if the opportunity is there, we will strike." United are still in talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong. They’re confident of landing Christian Eriksen, who is available on a free transfer. And Ajax pair Lisandro Martinez and Antony are also being pursued, though the Dutch giants won’t let them go without a fight.