Boris Johnson's leadership of the country has been thrown into doubt on the back of a new wave of Government resignations. Reacting to the news in Westminster, Commentator Julie Ford has argued that the Conservative leader is "exactly what the country needs," she believes the bid to oust Mr Johnson from Downing Street is in fact a golden opportunity for the Prime Minister to "get a new level of MPs behind him."  Ms Ford told GB News: "I think this is a good thing for the Government, and I think it's a good thing for Boris. "I think we have had far too many scandals from the Government and we just don't have trust in our MPs any more. "I think if Boris can ride this out and get a new level of MPs behind him, I think this could be exactly what the country needs and exactly what Government needs." She added: "I think you'll find that the public really is behind Boris because he's now starting to show he is actually for this country, rather than for himself." "Any Prime Minister will get to that point where they have to go, but I think this is not the point where Boris needs to go,"  Ms Ford continued. "We do not need another general election. "We do not need another Prime Minister. "He needs to stay government just needs to carry on." Meanwhile, a delegation of Cabinet ministers is meeting Boris Johnson to urge him to leave Downing Street, as he haemorrhaged support across the Tory ranks. The Prime Minister insisted "I'm not going to step down" as sources said Grant Shapps and Brandon Lewis are among a group of once-loyal allies demanding he quits. Seventeen ministers, and a line of ministerial aides, resigned as Mr Johnson's authority drained away in a dramatic 24 hours in Westminster. Mr Shapps, the Transport Secretary, who was key in the Prime Minister's fight for survival during partygate, was also understood to be part of the group, as was Welsh Secretary Simon Hart. DON'T MISS:Where do the other members of Boris Johnson's cabinet now stand? [EXPLAINER]Queen looks pensive as she is spotted heading home to huge crisis [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson skewered by former ally in stark attack: 'Sort this out' [REPORT] Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng is also understood to believe the Prime Minister now has to go. Reports even suggested Nadhim Zahawi, who was only appointed Chancellor on Tuesday, will be among those taking part in the showdown with Mr Johnson. But loyalist Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries was also in No 10 and insisted the Prime Minister could still continue in office. Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the Conservative 1922 Committee, was thought to be in Downing Street communicating the views of backbenchers following a meeting in Parliament dominated by MPs calling for Mr Johnson to go.