The weight of the blades, plus a specially designed saddle, are now set to help her achieve her riding dream. Mum Danielle said: “She’s always loved horses, and now she’s got so much confidence there is nothing stopping her. “She wants to start jumping her pony now too - she’s absolutely fearless.” Freya, now four, was born with a condition that affects just one in three million children. She had no shin bones in her legs, which meant she could only move by crawling on her knees. The condition - bilateral tibial hemimelia - hadn’t been picked up in pregnancy, and initially doctors through she may have a club foot when they noticed that her legs hadn’t formed normally. When they discovered what it was, Danielle, and husband Michael Gibbs, 33, a tree surgeon, who live in Llandysul, Carmarthenshire, were faced with an agonising choice. They could let Freya face a lifetime of painful operations in a bid to rebuild her shins, but there was no guarantee of success. Or they could let surgeons amputate her legs, and then be fitted with prosthetic limbs. Danielle, 30, a finance assistant, said: “We couldn’t bear to see our daughter in pain - she was always full of giggles and smiles for everyone. It was a horrendous decision to make but we didn’t want to put her through all that.” The amputation operation was carried out in spring of 2019, when Freya was just 18 months old. She was given heavy NHS prosthetic legs and couldn’t balance properly on them. She didn’t have legs that fitted her properly when Covid struck in March 2020. Danielle said: “Covid was a massive setback for her. She had been struggling with her prosthetic legs not fitting her properly, which was holding her back. But then when Covid hit, everything was put on hold. “Throughout the whole of lockdown she didn’t have any legs that fitted her properly, and there wasn’t any physiotherapy treatment for her either for six months, which really set her back too.” Freya, who has an older sister Olivia, 11, was finally given a set of blades in February last year, and since then she has come on in leaps and bounds. Danielle said: “Since she’s had her blades, she found it much more easier to balance and it has given her so much confidence. “She started school in September and she loves going and playing with her friends.” Two months ago, she had knee joints fitted into her prosthetic legs too, which makes her knees easier to bend. She had started sitting on a pony at the age of three, but now her new knees help her balance better, allowing her to ride her new pony called Princess which she was given in May. Danielle said: “Since she got her new knees it has made it much easier for her to sit in a saddle, so she’s raring to go now. “We bought her a pony in May and she adores her and she’s loving riding. It’s amazing to see. Her blades with new knees have made it so much easier for her, as before, her legs didn’t bend. “It’s also helped her to get in and out of a scar too, and she can sit with her legs under the table now with all her friends at school.” The family have been supported by LimbPower - a charity that supports amputees and individuals with limb differences and their families. They hold their annual junior games event which Freya has just recently attended. Danielle added: “She loved taking part in all the sports and getting involved. She’s always got a smile on her face and is willing to try anything.” A spokeswoman for LimbPower said: “Freya is an amazing girl and she has done so well in adapting to her prosthetic limbs. To see her doing all the sports she loves in wonderful.” For more information visit www.limbpower.com The family are also fundraising for a special bike and donations to: Freya’s Bike Fund Sort code: 60-84-07 Account number: 42142751