A Competition Markets Authority review of the fuel market has found that the difference between crude oil and wholesale prices - the "refining spread" - tripled in the past year from 10p to nearly 35p per litre. The CMA said retail petrol forecourt margins "remained about 10p per litre on average" in the same period. The watchdog is now taking a deeper look at the sector. The average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Thursday was 190.8p, with diesel at 198.6p per litre, said data firm Experian. That is a rise of 60p for petrol and 64p for diesel in 12 months. Costly...on the At Winchester services on the M3 yesterday they were charging more than £2.05 a litre. The CMA also found March's 5p fuel duty cut appears to have been implemented, with the big retailers doing so immediately and others gradually. It also highlighted significant differences in diesel and petrol prices in rural and urban areas. Howard Cox, of the FairFuel Campaign, said: "Oil companies getting richer is down to an essential 'no choice' resource increasing in price." "That's not clever business skill. It's opportunistic greed. The foul stench of profiteering rears its ugly head again." "There is no doubt rip-off pump pricing is controlled by businesses further up the fuel supply chain and it's the big oil company infrastructures who are the main orchestrators." FairFuel also suggested the immediate rollout of a CMA proposal for improved fuel price transparency. Sarah Cardell, CMA general counsel, said: "While there is no escaping the global pressures pushing up fuel prices, the growing gap between the oil price and the wholesale price of petrol and diesel is a cause for concern." "We now need to get to the bottom of whether there are legitimate reasons for this and, if not, what action can be taken to address it." "On the whole, the retail market does seem to be competitive, but there are some areas that warrant further investigation." M3 yesterday She said the watchdog will "use our formal legal powers" to investigate pump prices, and "won't hesitate to take action" if it finds "collusion or similar wrongdoing". The AA's Luke Bodset said: "I suspect the fuel trade won't be changing its ways any time soon." "I don't think the CMA needs to fine anyone, it just needs to find a way to fix the broken competition in the road-fuel market and then pressure the Government to implement it." Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: "The Government is determined to do everything possible to ensure that drivers are getting a fair deal for fuel."