Keeping windows and doors open is one of the best ways to stay cool in the hot weather, but it can make your property an attractive spot for bugs and insects. With ‘Flying Ant Day’ officially underway, swarms of these large and fast-moving creatures are emerging outdoors, and heading straight for the cosy corners of our homes. Catching these seasonal pests is no easy task, though there are a few ways to get rid of them for good. Officially known as alates, flying ants are the fertile male and female ants in the colony. In the warmth of summer, these busy insects emerge from their nests to reproduce and start a brand new colony. Swarms are formed when flying ants from several different colonies join together to breed mid-air. The unnerving bugs have sparked a mixed response from Twitter users, with one person writing: “Close your windows! It’s flying ant day!” READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down According to the Royal Society of Biology, flying ants often seem to appear on the same day in different locations in the UK - a phenomenon known as Flying Ant Day. The Society said: “Our survey found that there is often not just one flying ant day but on as many as 96 percent of days between the start of June and the start of September flying ants are spotted.” It is estimated that around 90 percent of flying ants found in the UK are one single species - the black pavement ant, Lasius niger. With plenty of opportunities for these ants to make an appearance in your home, there are a few tips you should know to stop them from invading your entire property.  Flying ants are not harmful, though getting rid of them will limit the possibility of future ant problems as well as eradicate the threat of an infestation. There are plenty of humane ways to keep them away, all of which are affordable and effective. Similar to other insects, flying ants are attracted to sweet treats such as honey, so keeping these out of reach is a good place to start. For a kitchen free of flying ants, you should: DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [REVEAL]‘Easy to grow plants’ to deter ‘destructive bugs’ without ‘toxins’ [ANALYSIS]Should I deadhead lavender? Top tips for your lavender plant [INSIGHT]  Banishing ants already in your home can be done using three basic ingredients - water, soap and essential oil. Peppermint oil works best thanks to its fresh, intense fragrance. Just pour a few droplets into an empty spray bottle, and fill with water. Add a few drops of dish soap to the mix and shake well to combine the liquids. This strongly scented mixture may not stop them from coming back, but it will certainly reduce the number of ants in your home at any given time. Sealing cracks and crevices around your property to reduce the entry points for flying ants is one of the simplest ways to keep them out. Rentokil said: “Keeping windows and doors shut is one of the most effective methods of preventing flying insects, and flying ants, reducing the ways in which they can enter your home or business. “Installing a fly screen will prevent flying ants from entering your home whilst leaving windows and doors open.” Taking steps to deter ants inside your home is one thing, but some outdoor features are also worth changing. Keeping your compost heap away from doors and windows is useful, as is using a proper lid to block access.