Carl Lariviere was one of the hardier cast members on Snowflake Mountain. Compared to his more laid-back peers on the Netflix show, Carl was a natural athlete and seemed to be built for the survival course. Nonetheless, Carl clashed with his fellow snowflakes on the series due to his impatience. The former college basketball player from Florida found himself in the wildness of Cumbria after his parents felt he’d lost his drive. Carl had had a basketball scholarship but after his focus shifted to partying, he grades and on-court performance both took a nosedive. After repeated attempts by his parents and basketball coach to get back on track didn’t work, he was tricked into going on Snowflake Mountain in a last-ditch attempt to reset his course. Carl wanted to pursue a modelling career and had left behind his sporting ambitions. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain season 2: Will there be another series? The youngster was certainly tested during his time on Snowflake Mountain after he got angry and injured himself, meaning he was unable to complete the final task which involved filming a mountain. However, Carl did return to the Snowflake camp at the end albeit on crutches to be reunited with his friends. Since the show wrapped last year, it appears Carl has made his modelling dream into a reality. He has signed on with the modelling agency Verge Models, which work with big fashions brand such as Moschino as well as magazine such as GQ and Men’s Health. himself, meaning he was unable to complete the final task which involved filming a mountain. However, Carl did return to the Snowflake camp at the end albeit on crutches to be reunited with his friends. Since the show wrapped last year, it appears Carl has made his modelling dream into a reality. He has signed on with the modelling agency Verge Models, which work with big fashions brand such as Moschino as well as magazine such as GQ and Men’s Health. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain on Netflix: Where is Solomon now? Carl has also shared some snaps from his modelling work on Instagram, including images from a recent Diesel Venom campaign. The Snowflake Mountain star has also caught up with his cast mate Sunny Malik with Carl posting a short video and several photos on social media. Carl told his 10,000 followers: “Me and @sunnymalicc hit Santa Monica together. Got our first couple fan pics. We also did a couple fan interviews coming soon! “Make sure you guys watch snowflake mountain ! @snowflakemountain.netflix #snowflakemountain #netflixsnowflakemountain.” READ MORE: How long were they on Snowflake Mountain? Carl recently shared candid shots of himself in a bathtub and posted about his hopes and dreams for the future. He wrote: “A lot of people look at me as a model. I see myself as a actor, far more than a reality star. I’ve been doing acting since before modeling [sic]. “Some of my future goals are to hopefully get on bigger networks and work full time as a film actor. “Hopefully marvel picks me up one day and I could see a bobble head of me in Walmart. "Been looking into signing with a talent agent and praying it happens soon.” DON'T MISS...Snowflake Mountain: Is Snowflake Mountain scripted? [INSIGHT]Snowflake Mountain: Did they really blow up the suitcases? [ANALYSIS]Snowflake Mountain: Why was Devon allowed to stay? [INTERVIEW] Carl went on to say: “With that being said, let me know in the comment section below you could and would love to see me in. “Also tag the accounts that you guys would love to see me on! Hope y’all all have a amazing day! Cheers.” Carl continues to share updates about his journey and depending on the success of Snowflake Mountain, the show could be back for more at some point. For now, Netflix hasn’t made any announcements about the future of the reality series but fans will be hoping for another outing. Snowflake Mountain is streaming on Netflix now