Shirley Lieu from Australia has revealed her frustration after renting a parking space, only for someone to keep parking in the spot she was paying for as it was right next to the entrance to the car park. She took to popular online streaming service TikTok to explain how she had even put a sign up on a railing by the space. The driver warned people on the sign it was her parking space and nobody else's - but this was quickly ignored. Shirley finally lost patience and deciding to take matters into her own hands, took her own revenge by blocking the car into the space. However, the situation quickly escalated and took a dramatic turn for the worse. In the video on her account @shirl3ylieu, she revealed she couldn't believe "the audacity" of the owner of the car when she received a text message from them asking why they had been blocked in. A screenshot of the exchange shows her telling them that she didn't know why they'd parked in her spot but explaining she wouldn't be able to move her car just yet as she was still at work. But in a sensational development, the blocked-in driver then claimed they were in fact the owner of the parking space - and she wasn't renting it from them. Shirley said she had been renting the spot off a man named Ahn Lee. However, the other driver replied in a text message: "He owe me rent and he ran away." It would therefore appear the raging woman had been unwittingly scammed out of money for the parking space that was never Ahn's to rent out in the first place. READ MORE: Ukraine: Russia has 'insufficient' manpower to control Kherson A disgruntled Shirley added in the comments: "He scammed my bond money for the car spot." Thousands of people took to TikTok to reveal their astonishment at the situation at the video, which has been watched more than three million times, with over 200,000 "liking" it. One person replied: "I didn't see that plot twist coming." Another said: "Oh no!" while a third wrote: "Hahaha. So you're in the wrong?!" DON'T MISS