The Royal Family dine on some of the best food money can buy, but each royal has their own specific demands for breakfast, lunch and dinner. From Prince Charles' odd lunch rule to the Queen's avoidance of a key food group at dinner time, read on to find out more about how the royals approach their mealtimes.  Famously, the future King opts not to eat lunch and instead favours a later breakfast and a delicious dinner. By skipping lunch, it is thought Charles can cram more into his busy royal schedule. Prince Charles' meals are thought to include lots of fresh produce, with much grown at his home of Highgrove House, and he is passionate about making the right food choices. Charles previously told the BBC during an interview: "I haven't eaten meat and fish on two days a week and I don't eat dairy products on one day a week. "If more did that, you would reduce a lot of the pressure."  READ MORE: Sussexes told to 'grow up' as Kate and William 'likely' to snub couple The Duchess of Cambridge is known to keep to a very healthy lifestyle, and she is famed for her sportiness. To complement this, Kate is thought to enjoy a diet rich in nutrients, including delicious raw fruits and vegetables. For breakfast, Kate enjoys a smoothie of kale, spirulina, matcha, spinach, romaine, coriander leaves and blueberries, as per the Daily Mail. She is also said to enjoy a raw salad comprised of watermelon, avocado, onion, cucumber and feta cheese.   The Queen is said to prefer low-carb dinners in the evenings, according to a former royal chef. Darren McGrady told the Telegraph a few years ago: "When she dines on her own she’s very disciplined. No starch is the rule. "No potatoes, rice or pasta for dinner. Just usually something like grilled sole with vegetables and salad."  DON'T MISS:Lady Kitty Spencer made easy changes to diet after 'nasty' comments [ANALYSIS]Diabetes: The blue juice shown to lower blood sugar levels by 35% [REPORT]Kate Middleton's knack for keeping slim without workouts or fasting [INSIGHT] While a delicious addition to many meals, garlic is kept off the table at the palace for official functions. Famously the food can cause bad breath, which isn't great for a member of the Royal Family who has to meet and interact with many people daily. When she appeared on MasterChef Australia a few years ago, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall confirmed the garlic rule is a thing. She said: "I hate to say this, but garlic. Garlic is a no-no." 