Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly ‘accepted’ Cristiano Ronaldo should be sold this summer. The Portugal international is eager to leave Old Trafford behind, just a year after his blockbuster return from Juventus. And it seems like he’ll get his wish, despite the Red Devils publicly insisting he isn’t for sale. Manchester United saw Ronaldo impress last season, with the Portugal international scoring 24 goals across all competitions - more than any other player in the squad. But his return to Old Trafford also coincided with the club’s worst-ever Premier League season, with the club finishing sixth in the table by amassing just 16 wins and picking up 58 points. Ten Hag said in May that he wanted to keep Ronaldo for his reign, insisting the 37-year-old would bring guaranteed goals to his team. Yet, now, The Sun claim the 52-year-old has ‘accepted’ he’d be better off without the former Real Madrid and Juventus star after the board held talks on the matter. Ronaldo wants to leave United for a team playing in the Champions League, having never graced the Europa League over the course of his glittering career. He’s won Europe’s top-tier club competition five times, netting 140 goals in the process. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Chelsea are one team interested, particularly after super-agent Jorge Mendes recently held talks with Blues owner Todd Boehly. The west London giants face a battle to sign Ronaldo, however, with United chiefs reluctant to sell to a Premier League rival. Bayern Munich have also been put forward as potential suitors, too, with the Bundesliga giants expected to lose Robert Lewandowski amid interest from Barcelona. Barcelona themselves have discussed signing Ronaldo, though it’s unclear if their current financial situation would count against them and hinder their chances of brokering a deal. As for the player himself, he believes he’s still capable of winning honours at the highest level. But he doesn’t think that’s possible at United, who have now gone five years without claiming any silverware - dating back to when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Ronaldo signed a two-year contract with United upon moving back from Juventus in August, having previously looked likely to end up at Manchester City. However, with Ten Hag now accepting the 37-year-old needs to go, it’ll be fascinating to see where he ends up. United are interested in Antony at a time where Ronaldo could depart, with Ten Hag previously managing the Brazil international at Ajax. Any deal won’t be cheap, though, with the Eredivisie giants making it clear they want a huge £70million to even consider letting the winger make the move. If United do decide to pay up, Antony would become their fifth most-expensive signing in history. It would gazump the £59m they paid for Angel Di Maria when the Argentina international moved from Real Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2014. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team However, it would still be a cheaper deal than ones they’ve secured for Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho in recent years. Ronaldo has now missed United training for the third day on the trot. And there’s a real sense the Red Devils, and their No 7, would both benefit from a parting of the ways. Former Liverpool and Real Madrid star Steve McManaman, meanwhile, has had his say on Ronaldo potentially leaving United behind. Speaking to Horseracing.net, he said: “It’s a very strange one. He only joined a year ago, and that’s just madness in itself. And really he shouldn’t want to leave Manchester United just because they had a poor year. “You should want to stay and fight your cause. But I could understand that it might be beneficial to both parties. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Erik ten Hag’s come in and all he’s been asked about is Ronaldo. It might be better for Ten Hag to make a clean start without him, because he does warrant a lot of press, questions and talking points all season. “If Ten Hag wants to get rid and thinks it’s great and all the numbers add up, then there’s not a problem. “Ronny’s 37. I completely understand that he wants to carry on playing in the Champions League but firstly I wouldn’t know who would take him. “The deal would be big. Manchester United have given him a lot of money in wages. I have no idea who would pay half-a-million a week, for one more year. “He's a superstar but if Manchester United could recoup their money, a new manager coming in might be better to say ‘OK, a new start. Get rid of everybody who doesn’t want to be here. Let’s start afresh’. “That’s cool and might be beneficial to Ten Hag. Secretly he might be thinking, ‘this is amazing’. But how this deal is going to materialise when you look at the bigger picture, I just can’t see how it’s going to turn out."