European Union countries are set to approve a weakened emergency energy proposal to curb their gas demand today, with opt-outs allowing them to follow different national paths to prepare for Russian supply cuts. The EU Commission last week proposed emergency rules requiring each country to cut its gas use by 15 percent from August to March. The target would be voluntary, but the Commission could make it binding in a supply emergency. Europe faces a further gas squeeze this week, after Russia's Gazprom said it would again slash flows through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. With a dozen EU countries already facing reduced Russian supplies, Brussels has warned that a full cut-off is likely - and is urging countries to prepare by saving gas and storing it for winter. However, the plan has faced resistance from a range of governments and countries have redrafted it to include exemptions for numerous countries and industries. Some EU country diplomats said ministers appeared likely to approve the plan, now that many had won exemptions or softer rules. "There should be a broad consensus," one said. But others warned that the weakened rules risked countries failing to save enough gas for winter. The plan has tested EU solidarity, and some states say imposing a single percentage cut across all countries is unfair. Spain, which does not rely on Russian gas, has said cutting its own gas use would be of no benefit to other countries, since it lacks the infrastructure capacity to share its spare gas. READ MORE: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinations  Greece opposed the target and said it could cope with a Russian cut-off. In what Politico reported as "payback" for Germany, Portugal, Ireland and Cyprus were also among the countries opposed to the plan. The very same countries which felt the brunt of German fiscal rules in the last eurozone crisis are now showing limited sympathy for Berlin. While governments including Germany, Europe's biggest gas user, have upped their energy-saving measures, EU countries have reduced their combined gas use by just five percent, despite months of soaring prices and dwindling Russian supplies. DON'T MISS:South Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea [INSIGHT]Truss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency law [ANALYSIS]Brexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’ [VIDEO] Russia supplied 40 percent of EU gas before its invasion of Ukraine in late February. The latest proposal would exempt from the binding 15 percent gas cut countries like Ireland and Malta that are not connected to other EU countries' gas networks. Countries with relatively full gas storage could face weaker targets, and states can exempt the gas they use in critical industries like steelmaking from the demand reduction goal. States that export gas to other EU countries can also knock 8 percentage points off their demand reduction target. The draft would require a majority of countries to trigger the binding gas cuts, after many opposed the Commission's original proposal that it have the final say.