Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall has been full of praise for Kate Middleton recently. This was after the Duchess of Cambridge photographed Camilla for the cover of Country Life magazine. These pictures were taken to celebrate the Duchess of Cornwall, who celebrates her 75th birthday on July 17.  Camilla described how much she enjoyed working with Kate on the shoot in her upcoming ITV documentary, Camilla's Country Life. The Duchess of Cornwall said: "She did really good pictures and you know she does it very naturally. “We had a lot of fun doing it. "It was very relaxed and of course very kind of the Duchess of Cambridge.  “She's an extremely good photographer and it was all very casual. “There wasn't much hair and make-up. “It was just done in the garden with a lot of laughs. “It was a lovely way of doing it."  The highly anticipated ITV documentary will air on Wednesday at 9pm. Country Life Magazine asked Prince Charles' wife to edit the publication to mark its 125th anniversary and her milestone birthday. In turn, she commissioned Kate to take two portraits of her for the special issue. The photos were taken in the gardens at Ray Mill House, Camilla's Wiltshire retreat. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby Camilla bought his property after divorcing her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994. Kate photographed Camilla smiling down the lens with a trug filled with pelargoniums. This was while she sat on a bench surrounded by the lush greenery of her country estate. This is not the first time the Duchess of Cambridge has taken official portraits for a special occasion.  She usually acts as a royal photographer for her own children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to mark their birthdays, first days at school, and other important milestones. Kate is also the patron of the Royal Photographic Society and a keen amateur photographer. But this was the first time she photographed Camilla for an official magazine shoot. 