Experts from Your Overseas Home shared the best ways to banish mosquitos from the house and garden on the warmest days. Citronella is a common natural and effective essential oil which works against mosquitos as they hate the smell. Simply plant citronella around the garden or have some around the house. Alternatively, citronella candles, wristbands and sprays are also available to purchase. TikTok user @KrolitaN, who often shares home and garden hacks, posted a video showing how citronella helped her get rid of mosquitos in her house. READ MORE: How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge  She placed the citronella plant by the front door. The TikToker said: "Very effective and smells delicious! "It can be placed in the sun but make sure you water it every day. "It can also be placed in the shade and it works too!" Lavender and lavender oil are also one of the most effective natural mosquito repellants.  Lavender has analgesic, antifungal, and antiseptic qualities, which calm and soothe the skin after being bitten by mosquitos. It is recommended to plant lavender around the garden or add lavender essential oil and dried lavender into a small bowl with water. It can be left inside the house or on a surface in the outside area. Tea tree oil is known for its antiseptic, antimicrobial, and anti-inflammatory properties. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using lavender However, it is also a very effective insect repellent, as its intense aroma keeps mosquitoes away. Its powerful medicinal properties also help to heal mosquito bites fast. People can add a few drops of tea tree essential oil into a bowl with water or buy tea tree products such as candles or sprays. Cinnamon and cinnamon oil has shown to kill mosquito larvae. It also acts as a repellent against adult mosquitoes. People can add a few drops of cinnamon essential oil, which can be bought on Amazon for just £2, into a bowl of water and leave it in the bedroom at night. Finally, lemon eucalyptus oil is one of the more well-known natural repellents. In fact, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in America approved it as an effective ingredient in mosquito repellent. Simply add one part lemon eucalyptus oil to 10 parts sunflower oil or witch hazel and place the mixture anywhere around the house or garden.