The actor shared something much scarier than a ghoulish façade. He revealed how the complex costume had him wetting himself. Bringing the season four villain to life took a whole lot of make-up, glue and skin-tight material, an element actor Jamie Campbell Bower was prepared to put up with, until he wasn't. Admitting the terrifying yet utterly brilliant costume had its flaws, he shared how it was impossible to go for quick bathroom breaks on set. Requiring a lot of extra help, the actor struggled to get in and out of the suit to the point of wetting himself during a scene with Sadie Sink, who played Max Mayfield. Not wanting to ruin the moment, the star went about his business fully Vecna-ed up to his "shame" and embarrassment. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Explaining the steps to morphing into the villainous role, he explained the suit came in two parts that didn't separate easily. He told SiriusXM's Caity Babs: "The bottom half of the suit, sort of waist down, they're like a pair of trousers that I have to slip on. "Everything else is glued... and I have like a flap that goes from the chest, like, underneath my butt crack." As well as sticky glue and harsh material, Jamie contended with large hands, huge fingers and tricky nails. Admitting he required quite a bit of assistance when things got desperate, he enlisted the help of make-up artist, Duncan Jarman. He said: "Poor Duncan Jarman, who also fitted the suit on me every day. He'd have to be down there. "So if I need to use the loo, I'm like, 'Duncan, can you just like unplop me?' And then there's like this tiny zip, it's like crotchless pants. It's like the whole thing." Part of the process asked for cast members to guard the door while Jamie went about his business that left the actor reeling from the "shame" of it. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Dead character to return as villain [THEORY]Stranger Things creators appear to confirm Max Mayfield theory [UPDATE]Stranger Things’ Sadie Sink addresses Max’s future [UPDATE] He shared: "Tyler would have to stand outside the bathroom door because no one else could come in because I'm like hovering over the urinal. "It's like a whole thing. Oh, my God. The shame is so real right now," he exclaimed. Vecna first appeared in the Upside Down during season four and got to work instantly on killing characters with emotional hardship. The humanoid monster has black skin and mobile veins that gruesomely protrude from his entire body. Not done terrorising Hawkins' residents just yet, Vecna is most certainly going to return for the fifth and final instalment of the Netflix sci-fi drama. Seemingly escaping a fatal end during the last season's finale, he'll be back in full force but this time, angrier than ever. Confirming the actuality of the last run, creators the Duffer Brothers are remaining tight-lipped on upcoming plotlines but did reveal the final saga will be a lot more fast-paced. Catch up on Stranger Things season 1-4 on Netflix now.