Navigating menopausal weight gain can be tricky, especially when it comes to cravings. But a women's health expert has revealed there are two micronutrients that can help manage them. Jackie Lynch, founder of the WellWellWell Nutrition Clinic that specialises in women’s health and the menopause, revealed if women consume protein and fibre with every meal and snack, it will help when it comes to cravings. She said: "This comes back to blood sugar balance. "If you’re craving severely then your stress hormones are determining your food choices and not your brain. "Your hormones will win every time." She explained that to prevent weight gain, women should eat complex carbs, which are rich in fibre, and also add in protein. Jackie stated that it will keep blood sugar stable and will ultimately keep people going for longer. "Go back to that basic principle, the protein and fibre with every meal and snack," she said. "If you get a sweet craving after your meal try something like liquorice tea, "This will satisfy your craving and help balance your blood sugar, too." Jackie suggested swapping from white bread, white rice and white pasta to wholegrain foods is a "really good start" for people looking to lose a few pounds. "Vegetables and fruits with an edible skin are another great source of complex carbohydrate," she added. "Marry them with protein, which is hard to digest. "It slows down the release of the carbohydrate even more and keeps you going for longer." And vegetable proteins include lentils, chickpeas, soya, tofu, humous, nuts, seeds and quinoa. Consuming filling meals is also a good way to avoid overindulging, which if done repeatedly, can lead to unwanted weight gain. Portion control is important because it allows people to have a tight handle on how many calories they are eating a day. The British Nutrition Foundation suggest that for each food group people should aim for: Fruit and vegetables - five or more portions per day Starchy carbohydrates - three to four portions per day Beans, pulses, fish, eggs, meat and other proteins - two to three portions per day Dairy and alternatives - two to three portions per day