Jon Kay was left mortified when a pigeon did its business on his cream linen suit which he was wearing on Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast. Jon was presenting the instalment outside to discuss the record temperatures set to hit the UK this week when the incident happened. Following weather reporter Carol Kirkwood's heatwave advice, Jon asked: "Carol, have you got any tips for removing bird poo from linen jackets because I have just been splatted by a pigeon?" Carol could help but laugh at Jon's expense and suggested a wet wipe might dab out the mess. "You might spread it a wee bit, but if you use a few it might work," she added. Jon replied: "It might get messy, I am slightly anxious about doing this but I also have another jacket, so I might go for that option for how and hit the dry cleaners." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot Jon carried on updating BBC viewers on the heatwave before telling them he needed to try and salvage his jacket. He exclaimed: "Right, I am going off to dab my jacket and we will try and get this sorted. "I am just glad it wasn't a swan, to be honest, it was just a pigeon. Back to you Nina." Presenter Nina Warhurst, who was hosting the instalment from the BBC Breakfast studio, tried to make Jon feel better about the bird mess.   "It might not feel like it right now, but bear in mind that kind of delivery is considered to be good luck," she said. "Not feeling the fortune this morning, Jon?" Nina asked her co-star who looked less than impressed. "We look forward to seeing what you change into, thank you." Many viewers took to Twitter to comment on the incident, with Forest Morgan posting: “@jonkay01 getting bird poo on him on his first day in the job, what are the chances… and he got COVID last week poor guy! #BBCBreakfast.” Simon Alcock tweeted: “Smart pigeon judging #BBCBreakfast by having a s**t on John Kay.”   DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood stuns in busty floral dress as she issues heat warning [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [REACTION]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [UPDATE] Graham Witcher added: "Just take the jacket off. It's too hot to wear it anyway." Amanda said: "Maybe just take the jacket off? Really no need in this heat for a jacket!" (sic) @Alldis21 remarked: "Serves him right for wearing a jacket on the hottest day of the year, whilst reporting all morning how hot it is…" @NEThorpes commented: "@carolkirkwood is correct - wet wipes to the rescue @jonkay01."  Jon changed into a navy jacket later on in the episode which he'd luckily brought along to Cambridge as a spare. He continued to warn viewers about the high temperatures impacting people, pets and infrastructure his week. The Met Office has issued a red extreme heat warning from London and the South East up to York and across to Manchester. BBC Breakfast airs on weekdays from 6am on BBC One. 