Paul Pogba has been forced to withdraw from Juventus’ pre-season tour of the United States after suffering a knee injury. The midfielder is therefore expected to be ruled out of the first game of the Serie A season for his new side. Pogba re-joined Juve from Manchester United for the second time in his career this summer after running down his contract at Old Trafford. However, his return to Italy has already been handed a hammer blow. The France international was forced to hobble off of the training pitch in Los Angeles last week, and his injury appears worse than first anticipated. According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, via Football Italia, Pogba has left Juve’s camp to fly back to Italy to see a specialist who will determine his recovery plan. At this stage, it is unknown whether Pogba will require surgery on the injury. The report goes on to state that if he does need an operation, he could be out of action for another two months. Man Utd transfer news LIVE: Antony price lowered, De Jong decides deal Juventus confirmed the extent of their midfielder’s injury by releasing a statement that read: “Following complaining of pain in his right knee, Paul Pogba underwent radiological examinations that revealed a lesion of the lateral meniscus. “In the next few hours, he will undergo a specialist orthopaedic consultation. Therefore, in order to continue treatment, he is not taking part in the trip to Dallas.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'make decision on Griezmann swap deal' as Ronaldo saga goes onMan Utd ‘edging closer to Antony transfer' after Ajax lower demandsErik ten Hag's decision on wonderkid hints at long-term Man Utd plans The injury will certainly affect how Juve conducts their transfer business towards the end of this summer, with fears that Pogba could be ruled out for an extended period. It is widely reported that they are chasing the signature of Leandro Paredes from Paris Saint-Germain, with Aaron Ramsey leaving the club by mutual consent to potentially make room in the squad for the Argentina international. The Italian giants may also be keen to keep hold of some of their midfielders that are being targeted by Premier League sides to ensure that Massimiliano Allegri is not short of depth in the centre of the park for the opening months of the upcoming Serie A campaign. Arthur Melo has been a long-term target of Arsenal and has been targeted by the North London outfit since January, with Mikel Arteta keen to strengthen his midfield further despite signing Fabio Vieira from FC Porto earlier this window. Weston McKennie has also been linked with a move away from Juve, with Tottenham reportedly registering their interest in the versatile 23-year-old.