Hard-working employees of the Royal Household are set to receive a pay boost of five percent to support them through the cost of living crisis straining the UK economy. Ahead of the Platinum Jubilee weekend, a royal source confirmed employees of the Royal Family could expect to receive an increase to their pay of at least 2.5 percent, rising to five percent depending on a number of factors, including their personal performance. While the move has been intended to support workers struggling to meet the demands of the economic climate, the increase is well below the current level of inflation. Royal correspondent for the Daily Express Richard Palmer said: “I think they [The Royal Family] are very alive to the cost of living crisis which people in the UK are experiencing at the moment.”    Speaking on the Daily Express Royal Round Up, Mr Palmer said: “They do their best to present themselves as a family that is careful with money, but, of course, they are extremely wealthy. “It’s a difficult balance for them. “The Queen has had to freeze the pay of her staff for the last couple of years. “This year, she’s given them a five percent pay rise, which is still below inflation but it’s better than some employers are currently offering.” It is thought the Queen made the decision in response to the performance of her staff during the Coronavirus pandemic. In addition, members of the Royal Family’s workforce are also thought to have been honoured for their efforts surrounding the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral. A royal source told the Telegraph: “After two years of pay freeze, it was felt appropriate. There has also been a pay rise for lower paid employees in that time, linked to the London Living Wage. “It is not being billed as a Jubilee bonus - it’s in recognition of everyone’s hard work over the past two years.” Read more: Prince William 'a control freak' over information about Cambridges Mr Palmer continued: “Inflation at the moment is,  depending on which way you measure it, either 9 percent or 11 percent. “They’re also mindful, I think, of what it looks like.” He noted that royal expenditure was a “difficult balancing act” meaning the staff pay rise would have certainly been the result of careful consideration. The royal correspondent also noted unavoidable costs involved in the Royal Family such as funding for security measures and the expenses of official visits overseas. Don't miss: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot [REVEAL]Charles and Camilla forced Palace to issue public health statement [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry’s popularity sinks to ALL-TIME low [ANALYSIS] Last week, the Royal Household released the annual Sovereign Grant Report, the official document surrounding royal expenditure which is published as part of a yearly review. In the 2021-22 financial year, the report showed the net expenditure of the Royal Family rose to a historic high of £102.4 million, exceeding both the Sovereign Grant and the supplementary income added to royal funding. The expenditure represented a 17 percent increase on the previous year, partially driven by extensive work on Buckingham Palace prior to the Jubilee celebrations. However, the report noted that Covid had continued to impact the ability of the Royal Household to self-finance expenditure and it is widely acknowledged that the Royal Family generates significant benefits to the UK economy through tourism and related merchandise sales. Read next: Kate Middleton’s ‘sweet moment’ at WimbledonMeghan faced vile baby conspiracy after outdated protocol abolishedWhy the Queen missed Harry and Meghan's christening for ArchiePrince Charles and Camilla's wedding - 4 things you might not knowRoyal Family: Meghan and Harry ‘relegated’ in Firm shake-up