Alan Fletcher, 65, has played Doctor Karl Kennedy on Neighbours for over 27 years and has seen many successful stars come and go, including Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan. The onscreen couple will return to Neighbours this evening for its final episode and Alan has given Express.co.uk the lowdown. Kylie and Jason played lovers Charlene and Scott Robinson in the series 35 years ago. Speaking about their return to the show, Alan revealed to Express.co.uk that they only came in for "spot filming". Alan said: "No, they only came in for some spot filming. "They were committed to the show but they couldn’t be there at the very end of the show because of other commitments. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan urged to take a leaf from Zara Tindall by Jane Moore "So, they actually came in and did their little piece ahead of time and a very few people to see them and catch up." Alan then recalled his experience working with Kylie on the show three decades ago. He added: "I worked with Kylie back in 1987 and I know Jason quite well so you know it obviously would have been lovely to see them together and see them in the street but that wasn’t possible." Alan also discussed how he feels about parting with Doctor Karl. He admitted: "Well, the interesting thing was I didn't actually work on Neighbours for more than 32 weeks of the year anyway, I was busy doing other things. "I would often shoot over to the UK and do either panto or band tours and so forth. So I've always kept myself busy. "But with Neighbours finishing I will be doing the Doctor Karl tour in the UK and probably doing it again in 2023. "Besides that, I will also be playing a lot of music and doing a lot of festivals. So I reckon this year is going to be pretty busy for me!" From now, Alan will be focusing his time on his Doctor Karl tour and his music career. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, stuns as she STRIPS down to tiny black bikini [INSTAGRAM] Jason Donovan on ‘argumentative’ relationship with Kylie Minogue [INSIGHT] Donna Mills, 81, looks fraction of age in chic white suit at premiere [PICS] For his new single, Alan teamed up with former Neighbours co-star Alyce Platt in their brand new duet, Sorry Is The Word. Speaking about the track, he said: "Like a lot of songs, 'Sorry Is The Word' came from my own life experience. "I have learnt over time that pride and an inability to accept blame and apologise is responsible for so much heartache and missed opportunities." Alan was excited to be returning to the UK last month for his music tour dates, as well as coming back in September for his Doctor Karl tour He gushed: "I have missed out! I was meant to be coming over in March 2020 with Jackie Woodburn and others to film some Neighbours in the UK. "I was also going to go out and do my Doctor Karl tour and literally three days before we were due to fly our company pulled the plugs because of Covid. "So I haven't left the country since so I'm dying to get home because the UK is a second home to me!" Tickets for all shows are available from https://alanfletcher.net/.