It’s a Super Saturday for Test rugby union with all the home nations involved in deciders against the southern hemisphere big dogs on Saturday. After last weekend’s clean sweep all four know they can do it but I think England have the best shot at a series win.  Their performance in squaring the series against Australia last weekend was the sort of display I have been looking for since the last World Cup. It was the first time in a long time that I felt I knew what England were wanting to achieve. It was a lot more confrontational and physical - Ellis Genge set the tone with his first carry - and it was good to see Billy Vunipola back to his best. He is so hard to bring down that he gets England past the gain-line almost every time when he is playing well and that is what has been lacking from the pack. The forwards laid the platform and from that launchpad England played with tempo and mixed their game up well. The key thing for any backline is front-foot ball. If you get that, your job is ten times easier.   The Marcus Smith/Owen Farrell axis benefited and showed some promise. I thought Farrell in particular had a strong game. In fact England looked a completely different team all round to the previous week. Was such an uplifting performance a one-off reaction to the poor display in Perth or can they back it up? We get to find out in the pressure pot today. Australia will be desperate to stop them in Sydney and Maro Itoje will be a big absentee - he is a world-class player and has been pretty much a permanent fixture in the Eddie Jones era - but England have to learn to cope without him just like they would have to do at the World Cup if he picked up an injury then.   If England can claim a series victory Down Under it would be a huge shot in the arm looking towards next year’s tournament. The confidence lift winning on the other side of the world would give ahead of an event that will be played on European soil would be enormous. Can they do it? I think they can - but it will need the real England to show up again. Jason Robinson was speaking in association with Vodafone Business. 