A huge plume of black smoke was seen billowing out of the Satelit plant on the outskirts of the southern city, in the region of Donetsk. Petro Andriushchenko, adviser to the Mayor of Mariupol, said it was “better to let it burn than to have the Russians steal [it]”.  Mariupol was the focus of intense fighting for several months, as invading Russian forces besieged the strategically significant city on the Sea of Azov coast. Russian forces bombarded the Azovstal steel works, in the centre of the port, for 82 days while a small band of Ukrainian troops held out inside the manufacturing plant. After taking heavy casualties, the remaining 260 fighters were evacuated, many wounded – marking the ceding of the area to Russian control. However, this has not stopped locals living under Russian martial control from staging their own acts of defiance.  READ MORE: Russian troops 'running in all direction' as Putin LOSES control On Thursday, Mr Andriushchenko reported that a fire had broken out at the Satelit plant – an agro-processing base – the previous day, with the remains of the building still burning a day on. Later that same day, he revealed that the fire “did not happen just like that”, suggesting that pro-Ukrainian guerrillas were behind it. Mr Andriushchenko continued: “As our resistance says, it is better to let it burn than to have the Russians steal [it]. “That's good news. Opposition in Mariupol is growing... I would start turning more often in my dreams.”  The fire began during a second attempt to harvest the region’s sunflower seeds, which are processed into products such as sunflower oil at the plant. Since Russia’s horrific invasion of Ukraine began in February, there have been fears that the war would lead to shortages in key materials and further cost increases to everyday goods. Ukraine has been described by economists as a “bread basket” for the Middle East and Mediterranean, owing to the amount of grain it usually exports. Russia and Ukraine were large global wheat suppliers prior to the invasion, accounting for a combined 29 percent of global exports. Russia and Ukraine also accounted for around 80 percent of global sunflower oil exports.  DON'T MISSBiden flexes muscles to Putin and beefs up defence [REPORT]Putin's shocking progress exposed by MoD: 'No advances!' [INSIGHT]MoD and BAE to partner in Glasgow and build new shipyard [REVEAL] With the widespread disruption that the invasion has caused, Ukraine has had to cap the amount of sunflower oil it is able to export. Wider agricultural exports are predicted to be slashed by half this year. According to figures released by the Ministry of Agrarian Policy in April, Ukrainian producers have so far managed to plant just 1.7 percent of the expected area for sunflower seeds. At the end of March, the Ukrainian agriculture agency APK said the “most optimistic scenario” would be that the country would be able to export 400,000 tonnes until the end of the season in September. This means that for the year, including from last September, Ukraine would only be able to supply 3.5million tonnes, having already supplied 3.1million tonnes.  The sunflower seed processing plant in Mariupol – which is owned by a Chinese multinational – had a processing capacity of 1,500 tons a day before the invasion, according to a 2019 interview with the company’s CEO. Volodymyr Osadchuk, COFCO Agri Resources Ukraine chief, previously said the fighting between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists in the Donetsk region after the 2014 annexation of Crimea had already disrupted supply.  The plant was forced to draw sunflower supplies from elsewhere after “farmlands to the east and north-east of Mariupol became a combat zone”.