Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is reportedly interested in signing Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo despite his side's good form in pre-season. The Gunners have been particularly impressive in recent weeks and recorded a notable 4-0 thrashing of Chelsea on Saturday. New signing Gabriel Jesus has been especially exciting and they now want to add more Brazilians to the squad. The club’s current attacking triumvirate has a distinctly Samba feel, with Jesus joining international teammate Gabriel Martinelli in attack. The new striker has found himself on the scoresheet four times in as many games with his compatriot contributing a further one. The Gunners have even more Brazilians dotted around the squad, with centre-back Gabriel hailing from Sao Paulo along with new prospective signing Marquinhos. Now Arteta plans to add a fifth member of the Selecao to his squad. TuttoJuve reports that the 40-year-old would like to sign Arthur in order to provide more options in central midfield. The former Barcelona man would initially arrive on loan with an obligation to buy inserted into his deal. The midfielder still has three years left on his contract in Turin but he has fallen out of favour with Massimiliano Allegri and the club would like to move him on. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu opens up on Paqueta rumours - 'I've always liked him' Arsenal have enjoyed a positive pre-season with the club winning all four of their friendly matches. Last night’s 4-0 victory over London rivals Chelsea was particularly eye-catching but did not change Arteta’s plans. The Gunners’ boss still hopes to bring more new faces to the club despite already signing Jesus, Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira, Oleksander Zinchenko and Matt Turner. Arteta has taken positives from their progress so far but does not want to get carried away. “It was a friendly match,” he told reporters after the match. “As you could see there are a lot of positives to take from the game. "The way we played, the intensity we showed, the way we were trying to show who we are as a team. But at the same time, it’s just a test match. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel sends desperate transfer plea to Boehly after Arsenal lossRangers fans' classy gesture to Kane and Son during Tottenham lossMan Utd 'prepared to sanction Ronaldo loan' in counter-offer to Jorge Mendes "Don’t get carried away. There are still a lot of things that we have to get better at, and do better. "But I think it’s good to get some momentum, finish the tour in the right way, give some enjoyment to our fans and everybody that’s been contributing to make this tour happen. Now it’s time to go back to London, to focus and keep making improvements and steps forward." Arsenal will get their Premier League campaign underway against Crystal Palace on 5th August.