Only eight percent of motorists knew the difference between standard tyres and ones suited specifically for electric cars, as well as the money-saving benefits they offer. The number of EV owners on UK roads stands at 477,000, but only a small percentage of them know the importance of fitting custom-made EV tyres to the wheels, according to the research. EVs are much heavier than conventional cars and the added weight is ultimately carried by the tyres. Without adaptation to compensate, non-EV tyres are much more likely to wear quicker and won’t last as long. According to the data from Bridgestone, certain tyres not only use less raw materials but also contribute to the reduced rolling distance. The Enliten technology helps also to reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions in combustion vehicles, while also extending battery life and vehicle range in electric vehicles. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel It has been estimated that specially designed, low rolling resistance tyres can helo to extend an EV’s range by up to 12 percent. Andrea Manenti, Bridgestone’s North Region Vice President, said drivers were often unaware of the benefits of using suitable tyres. He added: “What’s clear from our survey is that very few motorists are aware that there are tyres specifically designed for electric vehicles and even fewer know the benefits of them. “While 47 percent want to change to save on fuel, many of them run the risk of eating into these savings by making more trips to the garage to replace their tyres over a longer term. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be careful when switching to EVs [WARNING]UK drivers hesitant to switch to less-known electric cars like Rivian [INSIGHT]Driver furious over ‘rude’ note left on her car after parking dispute [SHOCKING] “All tyres might be black and round, but there are huge differences that very few motorists are aware of, particularly when it comes to EVs. “Bridgestone is developing a growing number of original tyre fitments specifically engineered for this purpose.” Of 2,000 motorists questioned in Bridgestone’s YouGov commissioned research, 47 percent said they will be switching to an EV to save on high fuel costs. A further 56 percent were sold by the environmental benefits of driving an electric car. Twenty-two percent would also like all cars to be zero emission by 2030, rather than the Government’s existing deadline of 2035, in another show of support for the adoption of EVs. After 2030 and before 2035, new hybrid vehicles will still be on sale, as long as they are capable of driving long distances on purely electric power. Drivers were also found to be invested in vehicle tyre development and innovation, with one in five in favour of seeing “airless tyres”. This new concept is a technology which eliminates the need for tyres to be inflated with air to support the weight of the vehicle. This uses a unique structure of spokes stretching along the inner sides of tyres, resulting in less maintenance and no worry of punctures. It does not need to be filled and maintained with air, essentially eliminating the inconvenience, downtime and safety concerns associated with a flat tyre. EV tyres currently represent 11 percent of Bridgestone’s total equipment line-up, with that figure expected to reach over 20 percent in 2024. The company has also committed to install up to 3,500 new charging points across Europe over the next five years, with big plans for the UK set to be announced shortly.