One of “the most successful” products from the show managed to make over £25million in global sales three months after making the pitch aired. Despite this being over 10 years ago, it still remains one of Dragons’ Dens biggest success. Entrepreneur Peter Moule entered the Den in 2007 seeking £150,000 for 15 percent of his company, Chocbox. Chocbox is a plastic cable device that allows people to store electrical wires safely. The plastic box protects cable connections. It removes the need for untidy and potentially-dangerous electrical tape. Duncan Bannatyne and James Caan invested £150,000 with a 36 percent stake. READ MORE: Santander issues warning amid 'worrying rise' in scam as victims lose £12,000 each  "I have also been selected by accountants Ernst and Young to be the focal point of a two-day training seminar for their up and coming prospective partners. "They will need to present business ideas to me in a Dragon's Den format. It sounds like fun." When Peter initially launched his invention, he was selling small numbers to electrical distributors through his company Electro Expo Ltd. But within days of the Dragons’ investment, Peter signed a multi-million pound deal with one of the world's biggest electrical distributors. His contract showed he was expected to sell five million units per year. The deal meant Chocbox would sell in 152 countries during the five-year deal - netting a whopping £25million in sales. His deal with GET Plc, one of Britain's leading importer and distributor of electrical accessories, gave him exclusive international distribution rights to the Chocbox in the 152 countries it supplies. Peter hoped an annual sales of 100million were possible. "In the UK alone, there are 15million connector strips sold every year, and each of those could use four Chocboxes, so we're talking 60 million units annually in this country alone,” he said. In April, Telegraph & Argus labelled Chocbox “one of the most successful products" from the popular show Dragons’ Den. Despite it being over 10 years ago, not many entrepreuners have been able to make a turnover worth millions just months after receiving investment. The ChocBox can be brought from Screwfix, tool station, Wickes and other retailers. Caan described it as his favourite investment, last year telling investors: “It’s rare in the den that an entrepreneur comes in with an existing, high-performing business. Peter Moule’s business was already generating excellent revenue. “He wanted to grow his business internationally, but this was something he had no experience of. He hadn’t done it before, and he didn’t have any contacts that could help make that happen. For me, it was a no-brainer and it really paid off. I helped Peter secure a multi-million-pound order with a German company who loved the product. They signed an exclusive three-year deal, and that contract was a game-changer for the business. After three years, I was able to sell my stake with an excellent profit.” Dragons' Den is available on BBC iPlayer.