Kate Middleton has access to the best clothing, shoes and accessories in the world, but that doesn't mean she's frivolous when it comes to fashion. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the Duchess gets her the best bang for the buck - and how non-royals can utilise this style strategy. Melissa told Express.co.uk: "As a stylist, I’m always encouraging people to invest properly in their clothes - you don’t need a big wardrobe to look good. "A capsule wardrobe where everything goes together is the answer. "If you have a tight budget, cheaper clothes are not the answer as they don’t last as long as higher quality items. "Sometimes it’s better to 'shop your closet', as the Americans say, and consider how you can create different looks from your existing clothes." Despite having access to all the clothes she could ever want, the expert stated: "Kate Middleton is a great example of someone who does just this". READ MORE: Queen Letizia and Jill Biden wow in almost matching sandals - pictures Melissa explained: "As a hard working senior royal, she’s in the public eye and needs clothes which are appropriate for her role. "She’s on the world stage and can’t be seen wearing the same outfits week in week out." However, savvy and sustainable Kate wears particular looks "multiple times so she gets value from her investment". But which items has the Duchess loved so much she couldn't possibly just wear once? Kate has worn her Missoni blue knitted coat dress several times, including to Fortnum and Mason with the Queen and the Duchess of Cornwall in 2012, and the wedding of her friend Lucy Meade in 2014. Depending on the weather, Kate will often add a sweater and dark hosiery to an Emilia Wickstead. At the 2020 BAFTA awards, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a magnificent gold and cream Alexander McQueen gown - but this piece was far from brand new. The royal had worn it eight years prior during a visit to Malaysia, but had the sleeves slightly modified for the second appearance, with a cream hue rather than sheer. Kate gave another BAFTA gown a "new lease of life" by adding cap sleeves when she wore it for a second time. Kate wore an off-the-shoulder floor-length Alexander McQueen gown to the BAFTAs in 2017, but when she wore it to the Portrait Gala just two years later with a modest addition of cap sleeves. But when the Duchess just wants to make little tweaks to her pieces without altering them entirely, what does she do? READ MORE: Meghan Markle channels Diana in two-tone dress after 30 years Melissa said: "I’ve noticed she tries to change things up each time by using different accessories – perhaps adding a belt, putting a roll neck underneath a coat dress, wearing a dress with a blazer or removing a hat. "She’ll also retire outfits for a few seasons and then bring them out again. "The other thing she does is to mix designer with High Street labels; she’s often seen in Zara jackets and dresses, marking her out as a savvy spender." But how can royals achieve Kate's recycled look on a budget? Melissa suggested that a classic - and "super versatile" - coat dress is a good start. She advised: "You can wear it as a dress or you can layer a roll neck or even a scoop neck underneath underneath. "If the dress buttons all the way you can wear it open over a skirt and top and trousers or even a over a skirt or dress. "Kate tends to wear more fit and flare as a rule." As for taking Kate's style from summer to winter - or just cold weather to colder weather - , the expert said: "It's the accessories that make the difference of course." Adding dark, opaque tights, dark shoes and gloves versus nude shoes and nude tights is an easy way to transform the royal look. Melissa concluded: "These are tips and tricks that we can all use. "If it’s good enough for royalty, I reckon it’s okay for the rest of us!"