Fancy a shiny new console tucked under your TV? Virgin Media already has a bunch of best deals but the firm just revived a market-leading offer that's giving some customers the chance to grab an Xbox Series S without paying a penny for the privilege. This blockbuster deal is available to new users who sign up for certain broadband and TV plans including the Bigger bundle + Movies bundle and Ultimate Volt bundle. Once Virgin has confirmed the contract, a new Xbox Series S will then be popped in the post. It's a good offer as this latest gaming device usually costs £299. If you weren't already aware, the Xbox Series S includes a compact design, powerful processor and 500GB of storage along with full access to Microsoft's Games Pass. This subscription service lets users play over 100 premium titles including FIFA, Halo, Forza and Flight Simulator. You can read our full Xbox Series S review here READ MORE: Virgin Media issues fresh broadband alert that Sky and BT users must not ignore If the offer of a free console has got thinking about joining Virgin then here are the deals, what is included and how much it costs. Best Virgin Media deals: Bigger bundle + Movies • £62 per monthINCLUDES: M100 Fibre Broadband, Sky Cinema HD, 200+ TV channels & Talk WeekendsBONUSES: Free Xbox Series S consoleCONTRACT: 18-month deal • £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Bigger bundle + Sports • £72 per monthINCLUDES: M100 Fibre Broadband, Sky Sports, 195+ TV channels & Talk WeekendsBONUSES: Free Xbox Series S consoleCONTRACT: 18-month deal • £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Ultimate Volt bundle • £85 per monthINCLUDES: Gig1 Fibre Broadband, 230+ channels with Entertainment, Anytime calls, Netflix Standard + unlimited O2 simBONUSES: Free Xbox Series S consoleCONTRACT: 18-month deal • £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE It's worth noting that Virgin is only offering this deal until Thursday 14 July so there's not long to decide. The Internet Service Provider (ISP) has also confirmed that anyone who doesn't want the Xbox can have a £200 credit added to their bill instead. This can then be used to reduce the cost of the monthly outgoings.