Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition in which your blood sugar levels reach dangerous heights. This effect is caused by your body’s impairment to produce insulin. Fortunately, your diet could either provide aid or even make things worse, depending on what you eat. While white rice is an obvious offender to your blood glucose, brown rice seems to be a good alternative. However, Nataly Komova, fitness expert at JustCBD, explained that it could also spike your blood sugar levels. She said: “It’s considered one of the healthiest rice due to its high-fibre content. Brown rice is also rich in carbs that account for 40g. “The high carb quantities in brown rice are easily converted into glucose after digestion which can trigger a rapid increase in blood sugar. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement'  “Try lowering your carb intake by swapping brown rice for cauliflower rice.” And Ms Komova isn’t the only expert that warns about the effects of this type of rice on your blood sugar. According to the American Medical Association, whole grains are “absolute preferred” but shouldn’t be consumed in large quantities. Dr Stephen Devries said: “Large amounts of even whole grains, including brown rice can still spike blood glucose levels.” However, brown rice isn’t all bad as it also represents a great source of fibre, antioxidants and several vitamins. Plus, as the doctor shared, it’s better compared to white rice. Some research even suggests it could aid post-meal blood sugar. According to a study, published in the journal Nutrition & Diabetes, 16 adults with type 2 diabetes had a “significant” reduction in post-meal blood sugar after eating brown rice compared to the white option. Another research study, published in the journal PLOS ONE, looked at 28 adults with type 2 diabetes who also consumed the grain. These participants experienced improvements in their blood sugar levels as well. READ MORE: Sean Connery’s widow on ‘devastating effect’ dementia had on Bond star - ‘Took its toll' It’s also important to consider how quickly carbohydrates raise your blood sugar levels, which is where so-called glycaemic index (GI) steps in. GI describes a rating system that explains whether a food raises your blood sugar levels quickly, moderately or slowly, according to Diabetes UK. The scale runs from 0 to 100, with slowly absorbed carbohydrates having a figure of 55 or below. Boiled brown rice scores about 68, meaning it’s a medium GI food. In contrast, white rice’s score of around 73 makes it a high GI food. Compared to its white counterpart, brown rice seems to be better for your blood sugar. However, as The American Medical Association suggested, don’t consume too much. The main symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you have any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk.