Yesterday a snivelling BBC offered a massive payout to Tiggy Legge-Bourke, nanny to Prince William and Prince Harry, for the pack of lies it knowingly told about her. And who is paying for this compensation for lies, deceit and shambling amateurism which if Earl Sepncer has his way could yet be pushed to a criminal investigation, well, take a wild guess.  The false claims were made about Tiggy -  now Alexandra Pettifer – in a bid to secure the notorious 1995 Martin Bashir interview with Princess Diana. Corporation boss Tim Davie pledged to never show the programme again, then bizarrely added that actually, y'know, they might but, you know, just little bits at a time, apparently for occasions when it will be justified for journalistic purposes. The only time any of that programme should be shown again is in the High Court. Amid the hand-wringing, and splashing around of our money to cover up their massive mistakes, was a little subtext that the errors and the arrogance was really just down to one rogue reporter. And we all know his name. Not really the BBC at all dear boy, just that dreadful Bashir fellow. Let me tell you a little story about that BBC arrogance. In 2003 my wife was hit by a car driven by a drugged-up scumbag. She was critically injured and reported by the emergency services as a "fatal". Nonetheless she was bundled into the back of an ambulance and taken to the Royal London Hospital - but not before a film crew jumped had jumped into that selfsame ambulance to film what I believe they must have earnestly hoped were her dying moments. As I recall the film crew were making a BBC series about the Royal London Hospital. What kind of twisted, shameless person must you be to do that? To me you would surely only do that if you were thinking "She's gonna die! What a series finale! We'll get a BAFTA for this!"  Anyway, that is what I've long thought they must have been saying to themselves. I've been a tabloid hack for three decades, and yes we rightly sometimes face the slings and arrows, but hand on heart I can tell you not even the grubbiest tabloid hack would pull that stunt. We wouldn't be allowed for a start. Unsurprisingly I complained fully expecting an apology. I did not get one. I got told the BBC were making an ever-so-important series about the Royal London Hospital and I needed to get over myself. As far as I was concerned the BBC basically flipped me the middle finger. DON'T MISS: Supreme Court rejects bid to block SNP motion for IndyRef2 [REPORT]Nicola Sturgeon forces Ukrainian refugees onto CRUISE SHIP [REVEAL]Octopus Energy hands 'blessed' Sturgeon lifeline to slash £1000 bills [REPORT]  In the same way as the Diana scandal tricks there seemed an inability to feel any shame. What I should have done of course was employed a lawyer, but I had a wife in intensive care and to be honest I had other priorities. Point is, until that point I had been willing to believe the BBC was generally a force for good. But it's not. It's a force for career-building, left-leaning, opportunists who, seemingly, would see their own grandma (or indeed my wife) die to get on. Today Princess Diana's brother Earl Spencer is reiterating his call for criminal charges to be brought over the selfsame Princess Diana Panorama scandal today. Despite the fact it will cost us even more money I earnestly hope he is successful. The arrogant BBC needs constant reminding they work for us and not the other way around.  