As Tory ministers appear to be resigning from office quicker than the Prime Minister can count, the Conservative vice chairman announced in shocking circumstances live on TalkTV he would step down. There was a moment of silence on the show as both Mr Afolami and host Tom Newton Dunn realised that having said the Prime Minister “no longer has my support”, the vice chair was forced into tendering his resignation. Mr Afolami said after the shock, “look, I think you have to resign”. Mr Afolami said: “I think what has been very sad about the recent allegations over the former deputy chief whip and other things that have happened over recent weeks is that I don’t think the Prime Minister any longer has my support or the support of the party or indeed the country anymore. And I think for that reason he should step down.” TalkTV host Tom Newton Dunn said: “You’re the vice chairman of the Conservative Party.” Mr Afolami responded: “Well, probably not after saying that.” Mr Newton Dunn, taken aback, then said: “Alright, well you’re not resigning as vice chairman of the Party, are you?” Mr Afolami said: “Well, look, I think you have to resign. You have to resign because I can’t serve under the Prime Minister.”     Mr Afolami added: “But, look, I say that with regret because I think this Government has done some great things. “I think the Prime Minister has got a very strong legacy across a huge range of areas. “But I just think that when you have lost the trust of people, and the Prime Minister asked after the confidence vote to be given time to restore that trust, I took that, as many others did in the party. “But I think it has become clear, particularly after losing the support of two of his closest cabinet colleagues, that the time has come for him to stand down.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly and Susanna Reid predict Boris Johnson will resign [REVEAL]    At the time of writing, the Conservative vice chair is one of four Tory MPs to resign today. The major blows for the Prime Minister were the resignations of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and health secretary Sajid Javid. But following them, Andrew Murrison MP, a government trade envoy, announced his resignation as well, saying the final straw was “the rolling chaos of the past six months”. It comes as the leader of the Labour Party Sir Keir Starmer has said he would welcome a snap election after saying the Government is “collapsing” and the Prime Minister is “unfit to govern”. Sir Keir said today: "[Boris] is unfit to be Prime Minister. He is not fit to govern the country. DON'T MISS: The partygate enquiry is becoming an absolute farce - ANN WIDDECOMBE [OPINION] POLL: Is it time for Boris Johnson to resign? [POLL]'It's over' Piers Morgan demands Boris Johnson quits as party implodes [REVEAL]    "That is dawning on many people across the Conservative party, but they have to reflect on that, that they have backed him for months and months and months. "Resigning today means nothing against their complicity for all those months when they should have seen him for what he was, they knew who he was. We need a change of government." Asked if he would support an election if one were called in the next few weeks, Sir Keir said: "Yes. We need a fresh start for Britain. We need a change of government." The Labour leader also suggested a change of government would help to address the "big issues" like the cost-of-living crisis and could provide "political stability". READ NEXT: Next Prime Minister odds as bookmakers back shock new favourite'The party is over' Sturgeon twists knife on Boris Boris Johnson LIVE: PM returns to No10 with DorriesRishi Sunak and Sajid Javid QUIT - statements in full Sajid Javid resigns as Health Secretary in attack on Boris Johnson  