The decision taken by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to remove Kyiv's ambassador from Berlin has raised questions over German support for a multi-billion-pound aid package to the eastern European nation. According to the Milan-based newspaper Corriere della Sera, Germany blocked the allocation of €9billion (£7.61billion) in aid to Ukraine. They also allege German Finance Minister Christian Lindner opposed financing this aid from the common Europe debt, despite taking similar measures during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Italian news outlet even goes as far as to claim Berlin is preparing to violate some sanctions against Moscow in order to obtain more gas supplies from Russia through Nord Stream pipelines. The £7.61billion aid package, which was agreed by EU leaders in May, provides Kyiv with repayable loans after 25 years which are supposedly handed out without added interest. However, the German outlet Deutsche Welle claimed Kyiv's envoys to the Czech Republic, India, Norway and Hungary were also dismissed. JUST IN: Truss best equipped to take on 'woolly' Starmer, allies suggest They also suggested Mr Zelensky did not provide a justification for the move and instead pointed out the Ukrainian leader described it as a part of "normal diplomatic practice". Tensions between Kyiv and Berlin are also reflected in favourability ratings given by Ukrainians to different world leaders. According to a poll conducted by Lord Ashcroft, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz had a 42 percent favourability rating. This put him level with French President Emmanuel Macron. READ MORE: Russia forced to evacuate occupied city after entire district becomes engulfed in flames France's contribution to assisting the Ukrainian war effort also came under fire after the Kiel Institute for the World Economy found Paris was not in the top 10 donors of military aid to Ukraine from January 27 to June 7. The United Kingdom placed second with $2.53billion (£2.11billion). Much of Britain's support might help explain why Lord Ashcroft's poll gave outgoing British Prime Minister Boris Johnson the second-highest favourability rating. Trailing only Mr Zelensky, Mr Johnson registered a 90 percent rating. DON'T MISS:Kremlin bars British ambassador from key parliament chamber [REVEALED]Ukraine hails Johnson's‘ example to Free World’ in action against Putin [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated after Iskander ballistic missiles explode on launch [REPORT] Euractiv has also pointed out that Germany has refused to deliver high-tech tanks to Ukraine. Mr Scholz told the Bundestag: "It is a leadership decision we have made together that we do not go it alone, but always work with our allies."