Chelsea players Eduoard Mendy and Jorginho were crucial in convincing Kalidou Koulibaly to join the club from Napoli. The Senegal captain has joined the west London side on a four-year deal after sealing a £33.8million move from the Serie A side. Koulibaly becomes the Blues' second signing of the season, following England international Raheem Sterling through the doors of Stamford Bridge. The 31-year-old provides a much-needed additional defensive after the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen left the club short at the back. The defender finally makes his move to the Premier League after being heavily linked with a range of teams for many seasons. He spent eight years in Napoli making over 300 appearances for the club, becoming one of the most highly regarded centre-halves in Serie A. He completed his medical in London on Wednesday and has since flown out to join his new team-mates for their pre-season fixture against Club America in Las Vegas. He is already close friends with two of his new colleagues having won the African Cup of Nations for Senegal with alongside Mendy in February while he spent four years playing with Jorginho at Napoli. Speaking after signing, the 62-time capped international said: "I’m very happy to be here with this team at Chelsea. It’s a big team in the world and my dream was always to play in the Premier League. "Chelsea came first to get me in 2016 but we didn’t make it. Now when they came to me I accepted it because they really wanted me to come to the Premier League to play for them. When I spoke to my good friends Edou (Edouard Mendy) and Jorginho they made my choice easier so I’m really happy to be with you today. "I want to thank the fans because I saw a lot of them in London and on the plane everybody was happy for me to be here. So I want to thank them and I hope the season will be really good and we will give some good moments to the fans." Chelsea look set to busy throughout the rest of the transfer window after confirming the signatures of Koulibaly and Sterling. The club have been linked with a range of new defenders including Matthijs de Ligt, Nathan Ake and Presnel Kimpembe. Romelu Lukaku has been a high-profile departure, rejoining to former club Inter Milan on loan and it looks as if other names could join him. Long-serving defenders Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have both been strongly linked with a return to Spain with Barcelona. The club have however ruled out a move for wantaway Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal captain was reportedly a target for new owner Todd Boehly - but the move has been vetoed by Blues boss Thomas Tuchel, with the German unconvinced by the forward's pressing abilities.