Nick Kyrgios has shared a tweet ahead of his maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon and has admitted his excitement at his chance to compete for a Major title. The Australian broke new ground by reaching the last four and then received a walkover into Sunday’s championship match when Rafael Nadal was forced to withdraw injured. He will now face defending champion Novak Djokovic for the Wimbledon title. Kyrgios has enjoyed the tournament of his career at Wimbledon this fortnight, defeating the likes of fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas en route to his first Grand Slam semi-final. The world No 40 had his best result since his debut as a teenage wildcard ranked outside of the world’s top 140 back in 2014, when he upset then-world No 1 Nadal to make the quarters. And this time he made it even further, defeating Cristian Garin in the last eight to set up a mouthwatering clash with the Spaniard, before Nadal announced on Thursday evening that he was pulling out with an abdominal tear. It gave the 27-year-old a pass straight into his first-ever Grand Slam final, and he has continued to share his disbelief at reaching the championship match. “Bruh, I’m a slam finalist,” he tweeted on Saturday morning, with a series of laughing-crying emojis and regular crying emojis. “I’m excited either way.” Kyrgios has continued to reiterate that he thought his “ship had sailed” since reaching the semi-finals. JUST IN: 'Nasty' Cam Norrie told two ways he must improve after Djokovic defeat   Speaking in a pre-final press conference on Friday, the former world No 13 said: “I saw some of the professionals walking around and I'd be a junior here, and I never thought I'd be playing for the actual men's title. I feel like it's the pinnacle of tennis. Once you are able to raise a Grand Slam trophy, that's like, I mean, kind of what else is there to achieve? “So I never thought I'd be here. I'm just super proud and I'm just ready to go. I'm going to give it my all and we'll see what happens.” DON'T MISSLionheart Cam is beaten at Wimbledon but wins new fansNadal shows class with heartwarming gesture before leaving WimbledonDjokovic refuses to explain 'magic potion' inhaled during Wimbledon   And Kyrgios said he would leave with his head held high no matter what the result was on Sunday. “The one thing for sure, whether I win or lose on Sunday, I'm going to be happy,” he smiled. 