Meghan Markle, 40, married Prince Harry, 37, in 2018, and became an extended member of the Royal Family. But how well did she get on with her husband’s cousins, aunts and uncles? One of the Duke of Sussex’s aunts, Princess Anne, is renowned for having a “no-nonsense” attitude.  The 71-year-old Princess Royal and Meghan have been photographed beside each other a handful of times, including at Princess Eugenie’s wedding. What was their body language like? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “This is a relationship that hasn’t really been examined before. “But when we look at the body language of Anne and Meghan together the results are surprising. “Anne has no real history of embracing, mentoring or even befriending younger royal wives. “Many of her rituals with brides like Diana suggested mild forms of what looked like potential irritation. “She is a fan of stoicism and no real fan of fashion icons or celebrity fame.  “So a beautiful Hollywood actress with no apparent interest in horses like Meghan might not have been a first choice in terms of instant bonding and rapport,” the expert claimed. Did their relationship progress after this point? Judi continued: “But Meghan turned out to be a lot more than that initial profile. “Her passion for her causes and her eloquence, plus what looks like a shared sense of humour, did throw up some poses where the two women looked genuinely happy in each other’s company. “Anne in particular is wearing the kind of rounded-cheek, eye-narrowed smile that suggests genuine pleasure. “Meanwhile Meghan’s body language appears to be a blend of flatteringly polite and fun-sharingly intimate,” the expert noted. Did Anne and Meghan appear to get along? Judi opined: “Her eye contact and mirroring as they lean in together to chat shows undivided attention.  “When Anne talks at the daytime event, Meghan performs a leg splay and a small hand barrier to show both interest and a degree of polite caution. “Her raised brows and her open-mouth smile in the pews suggest she finds Anne genuinely good company. “Harry’s animated approach signals he shares his wife’s enthusiasm.” 