The pair are currently based in California but will fly to the east coast in time for Nelson Mandela Day on July 18, the late South African leader’s birthday. A spokesperson for the United Nations confirmed the Sussexes would make an appearance and Prince Harry is expected to make a speech for the occasion.  Meghan similarly gave an address at the UN Women’s Conference on International Women’s Day in March 2015 with her mother Doria Ragland by her side. The Duchess said: “UN Women, as you guys know, has defined the year 2030 as the expiration date for gender inequality. “And here's what's staggering — the studies show that at the current rate, the elimination of gender inequality won't be possible until 2095. That's another eighty years from now. “And when it comes to women's political participation and leadership the percentage of female parliamentarians globally has only increased by 11 percent since 1995.  “Eleven percent in 20 years? Come on. This has to change. “Women make up more than half of the world's population and potential, so it is neither just nor practical for their voices, for our voices, to go unheard at the highest levels of decision-making.” Nelson Mandela met many members of the Royal Family at different events, including the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Princess Diana.  READ MORE: Prince George 'got a little shy' answering question at Wimbledon Harry and Meghan’s tour of Africa in 2019 saw them meet with Graca Machel, Mr Mandela’s widow. They also paid a visit to the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition in London in July 2018. The Sussex family were back in London last month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, where their youngest child Lilibet got to meet many of the family for the first time.  DON'T MISS:Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle slammed as ‘nightmare’ in awkward Wimbledon appearance [SPOTLIGHT]'Sadly complex' Meghan in dire need of urgent help over 'very horrible [INSIGHT] They reportedly held a 1st birthday party for their daughter which was attended by many of her royal cousins. Meghan and Harry have been based in the US since 2020, when they officially stepped down from royal duties. They have made many trips to New York in recent months, including last November to mark Veterans Day. 