 While Camilla and Charles have now been stepping forward to take on more visible roles within the Royal Family, they have had their share of celebrity meetings. One such event in 2016 saw the pair left waiting for pop cultural icon Simon Cowell for almost two hours.   Cowell arrived late to an event celebrating the work of The British Asian Trust Annual Dinner at the National History Museum in London. He was set to be accompanied by his friend Louis Walsh and arrive at 7pm. Unfortunately, the pair only made their entrance at 8.45pm. Cowell had chosen to take his X Factor co-star in favour of his then girlfriend Lauren Silverman. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine’s co-host Storm Huntley gives birth to baby boy and fans ‘love his name’  Prince Charles, who’s opening speech would be one of the events’ highlights, had already been on and off the stage by the time the pair arrived. Two members of The Household Cavalry had been stationed to greet Cowell and Walsh at the door. However, they had been waiting so long both of them gave up and left. Whilst most other celebrities and royals alike were dressed smartly for the black tie event, Cowell brought his usual flair and wardrobe.  He donned his trademark plain white buttoned shirt, which was unbuttoned for the most part, displaying the top of his chest and furl of chest hair. A spokesman for the music mogul had noted Cowell was late as he had gotten stuck in meetings. The event was hosted by comedian and actor Sanjeev Bhaskar, with Charles and Camilla being the guests of honour. While Cowell would’ve left a large gap on any guest list, the red carpet was filled with other high calibre celebrities like Leona Lewis in the 450 guests.    /celebrity-news/1638968/jeremy-vine-storm-huntley-baby-name-husband-wedding-instagram-twitter-latest-news-update  At the time Lewis had also recently left Cowell’s record label Syco Music, and the pair showed there were no hard feelings, although their meeting was a fair bit awkward. The pair took photos with Charles and Camilla at the event, while Cowell reportedly spoke about a new partnership between the trust and the Department for International Development. Lewis would also perform Bleeding Love at the dinner that night. The dinner reportedly raised £900,000 for the trust. The British Asian Trust works to transform the lives of disadvantaged people in South Asia.  Loose Women panellist Coleen Nolan also commented on the situation at the time. She explained on the talk show that she is stringent about being on time and sees being late as rude. She said: “You know I’ve got a whole thing about time keeping. “It’s a thing for me and I hate people being late, I think it’s the height of rudeness. Talking about Cowell’s tardiness she exclaimed: “It’s that attitude of ‘I don’t have to I’m Simon Cowell’ You do!”