Chelsea appear set to make Raheem Sterling the eighth highest-paid player in the Premier League as they close in on a £47.5million deal for the Manchester City winger. The England international reportedly stands to earn a mammoth £300,000-per-week at Stamford Bridge - a figure exceeded by only seven of over 550 stars plying their trade in English football's top flight.  Seven years after swapping Liverpool for City, Sterling is on the move again. According to The Athletic, the 27-year-old will pen a five-year deal - with an option for a sixth - with the Blues, after they struck the mega-money agreement with Pep Guardiola's Premier League champions. Chelsea's determination to lure the winger back to London, the city where it all began, has seen them hand Sterling a huge honour. The player's whopping new wages in west London means he trails only Cristiano Ronaldo, Kevin De Bruyne, Erling Haaland, David De Gea, Mohamed Salah, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane on the Premier League's payroll. With Chelsea having agreed upon the finances of a deal with City, and personal terms with Sterling, the attacker is now set to undergo a medical in the capital imminently. Sterling is then expected to link-up with the rest of the Blues' squad for their pre-season tour of the United States. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star  During his seven seasons in Manchester, the winger played a crucial role in City's domestic domination. Sterling registered a remarkable 131 goals and 94 assists in 337 appearances for the Citizens, helping them to four Premier League titles, five League Cups and one FA Cup success. Despite such a significant contribution, the forward has found game-time increasingly hard-to-come-by under Guardiola in recent times and has often been left to settle for a spot on City's bench. The likes of Bernardo Silva, Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden and last summer's £100m recruit Jack Grealish have all seemingly edged ahead of the former Liverpool star in the club's pecking order. DON'T MISSHakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea futureJuventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circleRonaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future  It is thought the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez are only likely to see the attacker's minutes further limited next season. However, Chelsea, who are keen to enter a new era under the fresh ownership of Todd Boehly, can offer Sterling more action as they seek to shake-up their forward line this summer, having offload Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan on loan. Sterling is understood to have already held positive discussions with Blues boss Thomas Tuchel and the German is thought to have sold the winger his vision for the west London club. Chelsea are also closing in on the capture of City defender Nathan Ake, who is expected to be the first of a number of defensive reinforcements acquired in the current transfer window.  