Founder of Move iQ and TV property expert Phil Spencer has shared his tips for making the best first impression when selling a property. He said it’s often said that people make up their mind whether they're going to buy a home or not “within seconds” of walking through the door. But it’s “not absolutely certain” that’s always the case. The Channel 4 Location, Location, Location co-presenter said while it’s true that first impressions do count, there are also some myths out there. To “maximise on that initial impact” Phil said homeowners should ensure their outdoor space looks “as good as it possibly can”. He said: “A good garden can be as valuable as an extra bedroom so remove big toys like massive trampolines and slides or at least move them to one side of the garden because they really can dominate some places. I see it all the time. “It's important I think to let people imagine your garden as an extension of the living space. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home “So a few plants and flowers from the garden centre just for that viewing week can actually make a real difference and in a very cost-effective way as well.” The property expert said homeowners don’t need to spend thousands on their home to get it ready to sell. He said to only do this if you’re convinced making a major change will increase the sale value of the home by much more. Phil said what is “worth doing” is fixing damaged areas and fittings. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares the job to do ‘immediately’ if you spot blight [INSIGHT]How often to water hydrangeas - why healthy growth means watering LESS [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer couple boost property value by £68,500 [ANALYSIS] This may mean homeowners need to get their tools out and do some DIY, but this could make a huge difference when it comes to first impressions. He continued: “Getting scuffed and tatty paintwork renewed, getting professional cleaners or gardeners to give the place a thorough once-over before you start marketing. “That really can be money well spent.” The property expert also suggested de-cluttering and de-personalising your home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Shifting items into storage, if necessary, will make a home appear bigger. Vendors also don’t want to make it obvious if a house doesn’t have enough storage space. It’s also important to ensure a house is clean and tidy for property viewings. Making the beds, drawing back the curtains and opening the windows are basic tasks that can make a huge difference.  Buyers do like to flush toilets and check water pressure when viewing homes. Sellers should ensure their baths, sinks and taps are given a good clean too. Phil added: “This is your most valuable asset so show it off in as best a state as you possibly can. “The whole place has to gleam and shine.” Location, Location, Location will air tonight on Channel 4 at 8.30pm.