Fernando Alonso has said he wants clarification over the rules from the FIA’s race director in Friday’s drivers’ briefing after feeling several of his colleagues escaped punishment at the British Grand Prix. The Spaniard feels that drivers were previously punished for mishaps that they are now getting away with. Alonso revealed he was ‘confused’ when Charles Leclerc was allowed to weave down the straight at Silverstone. The 40-year-old also felt Sergio Perez should have been punished for coming off the track in his battle with Leclerc and Lewis Hamilton. The issue will be raised with the FIA when drivers are briefed ahead of Sunday’s Austrian Grand Prix, Alonso insists. He feels that racers need clarity over the rules. "I think we will bring the point tomorrow in the briefing," Alonso said. "Honestly, I watched the race on Monday and more than the movements [of Leclerc] on the straight, I saw the action between Charles [Leclerc], Checo [Perez] and Lewis [Hamilton], which obviously was fantastic to watch on TV and for me to witness behind the cars. JUST IN: George Russell has history of stopping car on track to help rival "But at the beginning of the year, leaving the track was not allowed. It was very clear black and white. And now, leaving the track and keeping flat out on the run-off area and keep fighting on the following corner, is allowed. So that's a completely different direction with what we have seen so far. So it will be very, very interesting to clear this up." Alonso feels that it is important for drivers to have clarity so that they are all on the same page. The Alpine ace feels there should be more consistency when punishments are handed out. He added: "I think we have to talk. Obviously, when you are side-by-side and you push someone out of the track, there are different scenarios and different manoeuvres, and different corners. So it is always more difficult to judge. But we have been told that the one thing that was very clear to police was the white line. And it was not in Silverstone. DON'T MISS...Gary Lineker savaged for BACKING eco-protesters blocking F1 race'Britain is panicking!' Russian state TV mocks UK over EcclestoneGary Lineker divides fans after supporting Silverstone protestors "I mean, I leave the track in Miami on one corner and I gain an advantage for them [the FIA], and they have to imagine that I gain an advantage because I give back all the advantage. "Now it was a clear gaining of advantage, because you can fight on the next corner on the inside or outside. So it's clear. And it was no penalty. So I'm very confused." Alonso does not want to be seen to be criticising race stewards, though, insisting that he instead wants to help. He added: "They have a difficult job. We need to all try to help them, so I'm not saying that it was right or wrong in Silverstone. What I'm saying is that we need to have a better idea and we are here to help them. "They are here to help us and to police the race. So we just need to make sure that we are all on the same page."