The Duchess of Cambridge has inspired Royal fans with her yearly photos of her children, released on their respective birthdays. The beautiful photos are an opportunity for observers to see the beautiful children as they grow up - including, most recently, Prince George, whose ninth birthday was marked with a brand new pic. Many remark on the similarities between the children and their father, Prince William - with many observing Prince George’s similar facial expressions and Princess Charlotte’s physical likeness. According to a friend of Kate, this has led to her joking that little Louis is the only one out of the three kids that actually looks like her. The friend told PEOPLE: "Everyone always comments on how Louis is the spitting image of Kate. She loves it and thinks it's very sweet — she often jokes that he's the only one of her kids who actually looks like her!" Prince Louis, four, is also said to be taking after his mum by getting into one of her favourite sports. The Duchess revealed earlier this month that the young Prince has joined Charlotte and George in learning tennis. It came out during Kate's chat with Novak Djokovic, just minutes after earning his seventh Wimbledon title. After presenting him with his trophy, Kate was filmed in conversation with the seven-time Wimbledon winner as his name was added to the honours roll for 2022. Mr Djokovic told the Duchess that he had noticed George in the royal box and asked if he played tennis. Kate told him: "George is playing. They're all playing, even Louis who's four. They're all keen." READ MORE: Video of Prince Louis leaves royal fans polarised on Kate's parenting [REVEAL] It is believed that the Cambridge children have their tennis lessons at the exclusive Hurlingham Club in Fulham - not far from Kensington Palace in West London. The club, which also has facilities for Croquet, Golf and Polo, charges £1,400 a year for membership. In 2019, an insider told HELLO that the Cambridge children love visiting the club and that they go into the clubhouse afterwards for lunch or tea and act "just like any other normal family". Prince Louis captured Royal fans’ hearts during the Platinum Jubilee with his hilarious facial expressions. DON'T MISS: Harry's book to be 'totally eclipsed' by Michelle Obama [REVEAL]Royal Family: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir [INSIGHT]'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [ANALYSIS] As any parent would understand, the four-year-old was a bundle of energy at all times during the celebrations, darting from one emotion to the next. In reaction to the parade which closed out the Jubilee celebrations, Prince Louis could be seen clenching his fists, sticking his tongue out and waving his arms in the air. Social media saw a flurry of comments on his appearance, with one writing: “Prince Louis being iconic as always”.