Johnson believed he had a personal mandate from the people. MPs retorted that Britain’s is a parliamentary system, not a presidential one, and therefore he wasn’t entitled to any form of ‘personal’ mandate. But, let’s be honest, the Tories would not have smashed through the Red Wall, held the southeast, and got such a whopping victory if Johnson had not been at the helm (and had Johnson not been at the helm, Nigel Farage wouldn’t have stood Brexit Party candidates down either, for what it’s worth). This isn’t to excuse Johnson. But ultimately the Conservative Party – hell-bent on winning elections but increasingly unsure of what to do once they win – saw a winner and backed him, whatever other misgivings they had. If, as MPs say, Johnson’s victory was a group effort then to some extent so too have been the Conservative Government’s failures ever since. Let’s be honest, this follows a pattern, from David Cameron onwards. Gone are the days when the Tories were associated with low taxes and a tough stance on law and order. That failure is not only Johnson’s. Following Partygate, the Tories crashed in the polls from an average of four percent above Labour to an average of seven percent below. They haven’t recovered since. They may rebound. They may not. But the Party sold its new voters up north on Brexit, patriotism, strong borders and some decent investment. Well, there has been COVID, which didn’t help. But by and large, they haven’t delivered. Again, a group failure. Even though a new Tory leader could go the public to get a new mandate for a new administration it seems unlikely. Frankly, the Party knows that – as things stand - they will achieve nothing like Johnson did in 2019. What’s worse if, as analysts suspect, the Labour Party and Lib Dems are working on a secret deal – possibly with the SNP – to help each other out at the next election with a view to coalition, this could prove fatal for the Tories. If the Lib Dems get Labour to agree to another referendum on changing the voting system as a condition for coalition, and it passes (which polls suggest it will), the Tories will find it near impossible to form a majority ever again. Mind you, if forced into coalition with Richard Tice’s Reform UK, perhaps the Conservatives would actually govern in a more ‘conservative’ manner, and perhaps more high-calibre candidates would enter politics to begin with. Johnson had his flaws. But the idea that the party’s failings since he became leader are all his are nonsense. Again – if this is a parliamentary system – then those around him must also share some blame for what took place. More likely, the herd turned against Johnson once the polls started turning south for the Tories, and by-election losses started racking up. It was less Johnson’s behaviour which was the problem than the impact his behaviour was having on re-election chances. Expect to hear lots of noise in the weeks ahead about Brexit, ‘wokeness’, and ditching Neto Zero. Believe it when you see it. If the Tories worry so much about ‘wokeness’, why have they not at least repealed parts of the Equality Act? Johnson was a symptom, not a cause, of a much wider problem. He was selected – flaws and all – when the Tories thought he could help them win, and he was dumped once he was making them lose.