As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, it’s more important than ever to check if there are any savings to be made. One way could be to get a TV licence refund. A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live. It is needed to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime, however, Britons could be eligible for a refund if they only watch Netflix and YouTube. Currently, the cost of the television licence comes to £159 per household which covers every device in one home. It should be noted that while the BBC is responsible for managing the licence fee, the Government sets any deals, concessions or discounts.  READ MORE: PIP claim: Britons suffering from migraines or headaches could get an extra £627 a month  Even if people have forked out for the BBC licence fee already, they can follow a few simple steps to get their money back. Those interested can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. TV Licensing is the body responsible for the administration of the licence fee and related issues. READ MORE: State pension changes could see thousands losing free NHS prescription medications  As part of the refund application, applicants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. As well as this, applicants must also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” People can then go to tvlicensing.co.uk to apply for a refund or backdated discount. The £159 fee will be frozen, remaining the same until at least 2027. The BBC is currently in talks with the industry about a new funding model - the exact details of which are yet to be confirmed. BBC boss Tim Davie recently told the Deloitte Media and Telecoms conference: "I believe we will still offer great value for the licence fee. “We have some choices to make. I think we will still be able to offer a great service."