Graduation season is well under way for current students, but which of the UK royals also donned a cap and gown? Academic experts at Armstrong and Oxford delved into the Royal Family's education. Before she catapulted onto the small screen, Meghan Markle received an impressive double degree in International Relations and Theatre. She studied at Northwestern University, an Ivy League establishment, and graduated in 2003. Her university career also included a study abroad programme in Madrid, and a stint at the American Embassy in Buenos Aires as a junior press officer intern. Kate Middleton was also unsurprisingly a high-flyer. READ MORE: Lady Marina Windsor makes rare appearance at Wimbledon - pictures She achieved AAB in her A levels, studying maths, art and English. The now Duchess then went on to study History of Art at Russel Group university St Andrews. She received an undergraduate MA in 2005, with an impressive 2:1 classification. During her studies, Kate received the Gold Duke of Edinburgh award, founded by future grandfather-in-law Prince Philip. Prince William too attended St Andrew's, where he met now-wife Kate Middleton, and he also gained a 2:1. In contrast to Kate, however, the future King studied a degree in Geography. Before this, he studied at Eton College achieving three A levels - Geography (A), History of Art (B) and Biology (C). While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge received the same undergraduate grade, Kate knocked it out the park when it came to her A levels. READ MORE: Father's Day: New photo of Prince William and children - picture  Having "fared much better" than her husband, Kate is "more educated" than William, according to experts at Armstrong and Oxford. Much like her future cousin, Princess Beatrice was a big fan of History of Art. The Princess studied her degree at Newcastle University, graduating in 2012. She undertook a joint honours in History of Art and English Literature. As for Prince Harry, experts at Armstrong and Oxford stated: "The Duke of Sussex didn't attend university and is the Queen's least educated grandchild." Rather, he pursued military responsibilities, serving for 10 years. At Eton College, Prince William's younger brother achieved two A levels, a B in art and a D in geography. Prince Charles was the first heir to the British throne to study at university, and came away with a 2:2 from the prestigious University of Cambridge in 1970. He began with studies in Archaeology and Anthropology, but changed to History for the second part.