American social and political commentator Ann Coulter left Piers Morgan and his panel in shock after she claimed the West should care about its “own problems” and not get involved in support of Ukraine. She accused the West of “dissing the Russians for such a long time” and argued “I’m not defending Putin, but why should Americans and British care about this?”. Referring to the invasion, she said “Ukraine was historically part of the Russian Empire influence” but the West “keeps encroaching and encroaching”. Ms Coulter told Piers Morgan: “I’m not defending Putin, but why should Americans care about this? “We have our own problems. “Why should the British care about this? “You guys, I think it’s a beautiful city and I hope you save it. “But you’ve just passed Brexit. “And the NATO [involvement], once the Soviet Union fell there’s no point to NATO “We keep encroaching, encroaching, encroaching. “[Ukraine] is not a NATO country.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky to 'terrorise' invaders with cheap, tiny drones “Ukraine was historically part of the Russian Empire of influence. “Putin has been reaching out to America, he was the first person to call after 9/11 to express his condolences to America. “Bush doesn’t even call him back. “We’ve just so dissed the Russians for such a long time. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Ukraine retake WHOLE country with new 'playbook' [WATCH]Truss's shock pick for Chancellor leaves Tories horrified [LISTEN]Yorkshireman praised as he slams Rishi for abandoning Boris [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan reacted to the remarks and concluded: “When we were attacked by the Nazis, and when London was attacked was attacked in the way that Ukraine are being attacked, the Americans realised it was World War. “You came and helped us win the war and defeat the Nazis. “That’s the reason why when you have a massive war in Europe like this, which is the biggest since WW2, that’s why we should come together, and America whether you like it or now is the biggest superpower in the world. “We need your help. Ukraine needs your help”. READ NEXT: Orban torpedoes von der Leyen's Ukraine war plansBoris humiliates France and Germany in hilarious Commonwealth speechTory leadership LIVE: Rishi Sunak's brazen northern lie exposedBacklash as Brexit-blamers shut down over Dover delaysCommonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama school’