Pilates is a workout which focuses on building core strength. Meghan Markle has previously spoken about her love of the exercise. Pilates trainer Jo-Leigh told Express.co.uk how to emulate Meghan Markle's workout style with just three simple exercises. According to Pilates Lifestyle, an intermediate Pilates session burns 180 calories in the first half hour. After that, you can burn 90 calories for every 15 minutes, or nearly 400 calories in one hour. On her blog, The Tig, the now Duchess introduced her friend Heather Dorak, who is also a Pilates instructor. She described Heather's philosophy: "To being strong and feeling good, to finding the fun in your workout no matter where you are." READ MORE: Paul Hollywood drops a stone eating same two meals every day Meghan even shared one of Heather's simple Pilates workouts that only takes six minutes - and requires just one paper plate. Speaking about the Duchess' love of Pilates, Jo said: "Both [Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton] are thought to be fans of Pilates, thanks to the workout’s low intensive form of creating muscle mass and strengthening muscles. "Pilates is also a great form of exercise to fit in around a busy schedule, which is why it’s so popular with mums." She shared three moves with Express.co.uk that can be "so easily slotted into your workout schedule". "A leg raise is one of my favourites," revealed the instructor. "Firstly, lie on your side and bend your bottom arm to support your head. "Place your other hand on the mat in front of your abs, lining up your hips and shoulders parallel, whilst ensuring your feet are pointed forwards towards the front of the mat. "Start to slowly lift your leg up and then lower back down. "The height is not important, but lengthening the leg as far away from the body as possible. Whilst keeping the hips stacked, and a slight lift out of the supporting side. "Perform this for 20 reps, or 30 if you want to push yourself, then switch and repeat on the opposite leg." READ MORE: John Goodman unrecognisable after losing up to 200lbs Jo-Leigh stated: "To really target your core strength and abs, this is a great move. "First lay your back flat on the mat with your legs stretched out, and pull in one leg towards your chest and hug your shin, extending the other leg at a 45 degree angle. "Pull your bent knee in towards you to feel a contraction in your core, then switch, kicking out the other leg with toes pointed, and hug in the opposite shin." This exercise is fabulous for the whole body, "great for toning up your abs, obliques and lower back too", according to Jo. She instructed: "Get into a plank position on your mat with your elbows bent under your shoulders touching the mat, feet hip-width apart and body in a straight line. "Slowly rotate your hips to the right and dip your body until it’s almost touching the floor. "Return back to the neutral position and repeat on the other side. Alternate and do 25 sets". Jo-Leigh Morris is a WithU Pilates trainer and her Pilates workouts can be accessed at WithUtraining.com.