Kate donned a wetsuit as she joined the British racing team on their F50 catamaran in a friendly Commonwealth Race alongside Olympian Sir Ben Ainslie. The race, which took place ahead of the official final events of the SailGP international sailing competition in Plymouth, saw Great Britain take on endurance swimmer and environmentalist Lewis Pugh as a guest racer alongside Peter Burling and Blair Tuke on the New Zealand F50. Kate's team sailed to an easy victory in front of thousands lining the Plymouth coast. The duchess was visiting the SailGP event site in her role as the patron of the 1851 Trust, the official charity of the Great Britain SailGP Team. She arrived to cheering crowds on Sunday lunchtime. "She's a really good sailor in her own right, she has sailed with me on foiling boats as well and we're expecting a little bit of extra help," Sir Ben said. The 1851 Trust helps youngsters aged 11-16 gain experience of careers in science, technology and engineering. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles  Before the race, Kate spoke to members of both teams who explained how the SailGP vessels work. She appeared intrigued with the tour, although the time it took led to Sir Ben to joke: "Come on, we've got a race to do, mate." Before the race, Kate met excited youngsters who told her how they were growing seagrass, and took part in activities educating young people about sustainability. Carnegie Bedlow, 12, from St Helier in Jersey, said: "I was a little bit nervous but she did what I told her and she was very good. "She asked me if I was interested in sailing. I do sailing camps in the summer, I love the ocean." It comes after England received support from Prince William and his daughter in a video message ahead of their Euro 2022 final against Germany. The Lionesses, who have been widely praised for inspiring more girls to play football, received a "best of luck" message from William while seven-year-old Princess Charlotte said: "I hope you win". This echoes support from Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who thanked the team for creating "a summer of fantastic memories for millions", Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, and England men's team captain Harry Kane. DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte is adorable in latest video with Prince William [VIDEO]Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Charlotte's close bond with proud dad Prince William [ANALYSIS] The Euros final is expected to draw the biggest home TV audience on record for a women's football match, with a packed Wembley Stadium and millions more watching around the nation. In an endearing 10-second video message with his daughter, William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way." Charlotte, sat beside him, said: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye".