Philip Gomm from the RAC Foundation told Julia Hartley Brewer on TalkTV that the huge queues at the port of Dover and in Folkestone “might have been [a result of] Brexit” but that there were a number of factors causing problems long before Britain left the European Union. Mr Gomm mentioned “industrial action, migrant activity, a lack of staff and bad weather” as some of the operative problems affecting the area. On Sunday, one travel expert described Folkestone as the “hotspot of holiday hell” as people waited almost 24 hours in car queues to make it on the Eurotunnel or onto a ferry.    Mr Gomm said: “The circumstances that caused the disruption this time around might have been Brexit. “It might have been the increased paperwork since we left the European Union. “But the mistake would be to think that this is a one-off situation that has not occurred before. “This type of disruption, whether it is caused by paperwork, a lack of staff, industrial action, migrant activity, or bad weather, has been going on for decades.    “And yet in all of that time, nobody, and here I talk about the politicians, has managed to find a long term solution for dealing with the disruption that affects, initially, the port of Dover and the Eurotunnel, but very quickly fans out and encopmasses much of east Kent.” Jack Cousens, the head of roads policy for the AA, said yesterday drivers were waiting for several hours in traffic before reaching the Eurotunnel. He said: “Dover has now recovered, but Folkestone has become the hotspot of holiday hell. Authorities in Dover were forced to declare a critical incident yesterday as the volume of holidaymakers overwhelmed the area. READ NEXT: 'Accept Brexit!' Dolan takes aim at France over Channel crossing chaos [REPORT]   The Port of Dover said it had processed 72,000 passengers – more than 200 miles of tourist and freight traffic – since Friday. Its partners worked around the clock, it said, to clear “huge volumes” of vehicles overnight on Saturday. That is roughly 72,000 passengers processed in just over 48 hours. Some holidaymakers reported waiting as long as 21 hours to reach the ports. Volunteers were drafted in to hand out emergency supplies such as food and water to weary travellers. DON'T MISS: Furious holidaymakers lash out over Eurotunnel traffic hell [REVEAL] British holidaymakers told to 'shun' France if they're not welcome [REPORT] Travel misery now spreads to Eurotunnel [REVEAL]   And Toby Howe, senior highways manager at Kent County Council and tactical lead at the Kent Resilience Forum, warned that next weekend is likely to be "very busy". He said: "It's the second busiest getaway weekend of the summer holidays. "As we've just found out the weekend just gone, traffic numbers travelling across the channel were back to pre-pandemic levels and with the increased checks it is slower to get through so it takes very little to cause those tailbacks." However, he added that Folkestone and Dover roads are "all looking good this morning" and the motorways are running freely. He said: "We do have some lorries queueing outside Dover for the Port of Dover but that's normal for a Monday morning but through traffic is able to travel as normal. "The town of Dover is free-running and yes, all the roads around are running free." READ NEXT: POLL: Should Britain pay France to sort out Dover travel chaos?Dover chaos blamed on Macron's petty Brexit grudgeMacron 'hurting businesses all over EU' just to spite BrexitDire Dover delays leave 40,000 tourists stranded in huge queuesFrench MP blames Brexit for Dover chaos  