Before Putin’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine in February, he claimed that the collapse of the Soviet Union marked the “disintegration of historical Russia”. His comments, part of the precursor to the conflict in December, were further evidence of the Russian President’s nostalgia for the Soviet Union, which collapsed in 1991, the same year Ukraine became independent. Analysts believe the former KGB officer’s deep ties to the Soviet Union have partly motivated his invasion of Ukraine, as he is known to romanticise the sprawling Russian state once ruled by Vladimir Lenin and later Joseph Stalin. Putin’s own iron grip on modern Russia has been compared to the brutality with which the two former dictators ruled the Soviet Union. However, he also has a deep personal connection to both men as his paternal grandfather Spiridon Ivanovich Putin was a cook to the two former leaders. The Russian President admitted his family’s link to the Soviet dictators in a Russian documentary called ‘Putin’ released in 2018. In the two-hour film he said: “(He) was a cook at Lenin’s and later at Stalin’s, at one of the dachas in the Moscow area.” Spiridon initially made food for Russian communist revolution leader Lenin, who died in 1924, having carried out tens of thousands of executions during his premiership. JUST IN: Norway bans gas strike threatening UK supply with 'serious consequences' Following his death, Spiridon was moved to one of Stalin’s dachas, the Russian country houses often used as holiday homes. Putin’s grandfather was said to be an important member of staff for Stalin, who died in 1953 after ruling Russia for around three decades. Under his regime, millions of people were killed, including many who were executed in brutal purges. During the film, Putin also said: “When grandfather worked with Stalin, my father visited him and was even let into their house and could observe how they lived.” The Russian leader explained that after Stalin’s death, Spiridon and his wife – Putin’s grandmother – worked at a Communist Party rest house in Ilyinskoye outside Moscow. He claimed it was amazing that they were not cast out like some other members of Stalin’s inner circle. Speaking in the film, Putin said: “They were probably valued for being trustworthy people.” Spiridon continued to cook for the Soviet elite until he died in 1965 aged 86, according to the documentary’s interviewer Andrey Kondrashov, who was Putin’s election campaign spokesman. At the time the documentary was released, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov claimed the information in the film was accurate. Putin initially shed light on his grandfather’s work for Lenin and Stalin in his 2000 autobiography, published soon after he became President. DON'T MISS: Biden sends helping hand to Ukraine with ‘amazing’ high-mile range rocket launchers [LATEST]Putin channelling his hero Stalin with horrifying latest plot [INSIGHT]Putin the snowflake! How Russia banned ‘vile, repugnant and insulting’ UK film [ANALYSIS] ‘First Person: An Astonishingly Frank Self-Portrait by Russia's President Vladimir Putin’ comprises a series of translated interviews with the Russian leader, who was relatively unknown in the West at the time. In the book, Putin suggests his grandfather was highly skilled as a chef to the Soviet dictators. He said: “A cook, after all, is a cook. But apparently my grandfather cooked rather well, because after World War 1 he was offered a job in The Hills district on the outskirts of Moscow, where Lenin and the whole Ulyanov family lived. “When Lenin died, my grandfather was transferred to one of Stalin's dachas. He worked there for a long time.” Putin was asked if his grandfather was a victim of the purges. He replied: “No, for some reason they let him be. Few people who spent much time around Stalin came through unscathed, but my grandfather was one of them. “He outlived Stalin, by the way, and in his later, retirement years he was a cook at the Moscow City Party Committee sanitorium in Ilyinskoye.”