People across the UK are feeling the bite of the rising cost of living. The average household is set to see their yearly food shopping bill increase by £380 due to the soaring price of groceries. But the price of one particular product is infuriating supermarket customers - Lurpak, reports The Mirror. Lurpak is luxury butter made by a Danish company - but Brits love it so much that we buy more of it than any other country. But one peeved shopper spotted that a 750g tub of spreadable Lurpak butter now costs £7.25 in their local Sainsbury's. A 1kg tub of the same butter costs £9 for online shoppers using Ocado. Last week it was reported that Iceland shoppers were left stunned after spotting a 500g tub of Lurpak selling for an eye-watering £5 - the same product that was £3.65 just a short while ago. But consumers saw the funny side, and took to social media to poke fun at the high Lurpak price tags. One said: "Lurpak has got very expensive £7.25 at Sainsbury’s!" Lurpak's parent company Arla has been approached for comment. Households are continuing to be hit by high energy and fuel prices, new data shows, but the costs of other products, like pizza and quiche, rose more rapidly between April and May. Potatoes had previously avoided some of the high inflation figures that other food items saw in recent months, however, in May they started catching up as the rate of inflation for potatoes more than doubled to 5.1%. Shoppers are also increasingly swapping branded items for cheaper own-label products as they look to manage their budgets. Asda’s chairman has said that some customers are setting £30 limits as they cut back on spending amid the cost of living crisis. Lord Stuart Rose said customers are putting fewer items in their baskets and choosing from budget ranges more often as they try to mitigate price increases. Sales of branded products fell by 1% in the 12 weeks to June 12, while own-label sales rose by 2.9% and value own-label lines surged by 12%. Grocery analysts this month warned that supermarket costs could rise by 15% this summer and leave shoppers skipping meals. The Institute of Grocery Distribution (IGD) said households are set to pay more for essentials including dairy, bread and meat as inflation is predicted to hit 11%. It means the typical family of four could see their shopping bill rise as much as £40 per month, it warned.