A yellow thunderstorm warning from the Met Office is in effect across the south west of Britain. With it, rainfall up to 50mm could fall in some areas according to the agency. The Met Office’s yellow thunderstorm warning is in effect from 10am to 10pm on Friday. They said: “While some areas will remain dry, slow-moving, heavy showers and thunderstorms are likely to develop from mid to late morning, before decaying during the evening. “Where thunderstorms occur, 20-25mm of rain is possible in less than an hour, and in one or two places 40-50mm could fall in 2 or 3 hours. “Hail and lightning are potential additional hazards.” Jo Farrow, netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website that the “slow-moving nature of these storms” could cause impacts when “heavy rain falls onto the dry, hard ground”. She said: “The convective forecast from Netweather shows risk areas, but both are highlighting that atmospheric ingredients are coming together and could produce a storm with heavy rain. “That then could lead to flooding or lightning strike disruption. Meanwhile, other areas outside of that zone could still see a thunderstorm.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: EU divorce bill soars to £42BN as Brussels takes revenge Jo Farrow, netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website that the “slow-moving nature of these storms” could cause impacts when “heavy rain falls onto the dry, hard ground”. She said: “The convective forecast from Netweather shows risk areas, but both are highlighting that atmospheric ingredients are coming together and could produce a storm with heavy rain. “That then could lead to flooding or lightning strike disruption. Meanwhile, other areas outside of that zone could still see a thunderstorm.” WXCharts said from 3pm, a band of rain will fall along the south west of England and Wales, as well over much of the west of Scotland and in parts of the north west coast. The heaviest rainfall forecast is 2mm an hour in the south west of Scotland, with the showers set clear over much of the country by 9pm. According to Netweather.tv, there is a 30 percent of storms throughout the rest of Friday from east Wales, through to Kent and parts of Essex. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Queen gives Kate and William vital role Joe Biden announces he 'has cancer' during speech about global warming Sneering Remoaners blame Brexit for Dover Port chaos Heavy rainfall is set to return to Scotland by midday on Saturday, while a band of downpours up to 5mm an hour strikes at 9pm. At this time, much of Northern Ireland and the west coast of Britain will soak in showers up to 1mm to 3mm an hour, while the worst of the weather will feature in Derry and Ayr. Overnight, this band of rain pushing northeastwards from the Atlantic while centralise over Scotland and north England, with Wales also seeing heavy rains. Most of Scotland and Northumberland will soak in 5mm an hour downpours, as well as Swansea and Pembrokeshire. By 6am on Sunday the worst of the rain will have cleared Britain, with 1mm showers along west Wales and the Hebrides. The forecast comes as new exclusive polling for Express.co.uk shows an overwhelming majority believe the record-breaking heat this week is due to climate change. Tuesday saw record breaking temperatures, with Coningsby in eastern England recording 40.3 just days ago. TechneUK, who surveyed 1,629 UK adults on July 20-21, found a massive 72 percent of respondents pointed to climate change as the reason behind the all-time high heat. Another 21 percent said it was just a British summer, and another 7 percent said they “don’t know”.