Ian Wright has called on the Premier League to take over the Women's Super League and plough more money into the game to help grow it in this country. England beat Germany 2-1 in the Euro 2022 final on Sunday and Wright gave a passionate speech afterwards calling for greater support of the women's game. Goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly gave Sarina Wiegman's side a historic win at Wembley. But Wright doesn't want the sport to stand still and has demanded domestic matches are made easier for fans to attend. The Arsenal legend said on BBC One: "What we want to see is we want people to be able to go to the WSL games. We want to make it easier for those people to go to the WSL games. "For instance we've got the first few games of the season, [Arsenal] are playing against Man City at 7pm on a Sunday night and it's on television. That's not encouraging people to get there, how're they going to get there? "We've got to make it easier for people to get there, get people in the stadiums because these are the players that they're watching. Two of those clubs, Arsenal and Man City, they've got stacks in this tournament of players and they have to play at that time.  "Who does that? Who makes that decision? The players want fans in those stadiums. You've got to make it easier for them to get there. Why don't they have an away end allocation? Why do I as an Arsenal fan have to be a member of all the WSL teams to get to an away game? They've got to move those barriers." When asked about how to change the women's game, he said the FA should take control of the grassroots women's game. But he wants the Premier League to take over the WSL and make it bigger and better than it already is. He added: "It's absolutely about what happens now and grassroots. What we want to do is continue to produce the quality that we've seen today. "This generation of ladies have had to fight and scrap for everything. It's up to the FA, I think the FA should take over grassroots and get rid of all those barriers to get more people into the grounds.   "For me, someone like the Premier League take over, commercialising the WSL. We need to get more money into the women's game in order to get more quality teams and start to really blast the women's game."  Wright says there is clearly the appetite for women's football in the UK. But he does not want the success to stop at the Euros. He said: "It will be [going around the world] because what they've shown is that there is an appetite here for it, an appetite here for the women's game. We're seeing politicians jump on, we're seeing brands jump on, eating off the top of what they've done because of this tournament. "But what you want to see, because you've got a World Cup coming up next year, you want to see them continuing to put money into the WSL, put money into the women's game so they can continue to bring success for us. There's too many people who will eat off the top of this."