The news comes as Mr Biden visits Israel and Saudi Arabia this week, while Vladimir Putin heads to Tehran to meet Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Tel Aviv has raised concerns about Iran seeking to build a nuclear weapon, while Tehran claims its nuclear programme is for peaceful civilian purposes. Responding to Mr Biden’s threats, Brigadier General Abolfazl Shekarchi, spokesman for the Iranian armed forces, was quoted as saying by state media as saying: “The Americans and Zionists (Israel) know very well the price for using the word 'force against Iran. “Biden must have been drowsy when he threatened Iran.” The senior Commander added: “Watch your soldiers' pants - they might get wet in the Persian Gulf.” Asked by Israeli television this week whether his past statements that he would prevent Tehran from obtaining a nuclear weapon meant he would use force against Iran, Mr Biden replied: "If that was the last resort, yes." On Thursday, Mr Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid signed a joint pledge to deny Iran nuclear arms, an apparent move toward accommodating Israel's calls for a "credible military threat" by world powers. Tehran struck a deal with six major powers in 2015 under which it limited its uranium enrichment program to make it harder to develop a nuclear weapon in return for relief from international sanctions. US President Donald Trump reneged on the deal in 2018 and reimposed harsh economic sanctions on Iran, prompting Tehran to start violating the agreement's nuclear limits about a year later. Diplomatic efforts to resurrect the deal have so far failed. READ MORE:Biden threatens military force against Iran amid nuclear programme Many remain highly critical of Mr Biden’s visit to Saudi Arabia following the murder of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi. President Biden did however stress that diplomacy was the key to resolving the ongoing Iranian nuclear crisis. Iran has switched off cameras at various nuclear facilities, raising concerns Tehran is seeking to further enrich Uranium. In spite of Mr Biden's willingness to continue efforts to come to a conclusion, Israel stood against such a move. PM Lapid said: "Words will not stop them, Mr President. Diplomacy will not stop them. “The only thing that will stop Iran is knowing that if they continue to develop their nuclear program the free world will use force. “I don’t think there’s a light between us. “We cannot allow Iran to become nuclear.” Mr Biden, too, said, “We will not, let me say it again, we will not allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon.” DON'T MISS:Iran turns on Putin and demands 'war must be stopped' [REVEAL]Biden flexes muscles to Putin and beefs up defence [REPORT]Putin's shocking progress exposed by MoD: 'No advances!' [INSIGHT]  Ties have remained frosty between Tehran and Washington as nuclear talks appear to have reached a stalemate following an attempt to refresh the negotiations in Qatar.   Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News