England's Lionesses beat Germany in the Euro 2022 final after Chloe Kelly scored her first international goal in extra time to send Wembley wild. Over 87,000 jubilant fans celebrated the country's first football success since the 1966 World Cup. Sarina Wiegman's side took a second-half lead through substitute Ella Toone but Lina Magull equalised to force an added 30 minutes of play. Yet Kelly poked home from close range to secure glory. Express Sport rates the performances of the victorious England players. Mary Earps - 9 Her confident handling cut out dangerous from crosses but could do nothing about goal. Lucy Bronze - 8 Her strength in the air and general doggedness finally paid off with the late assist. Millie Bright - 8 A colossus in the heart of defence but caught out for pace at the near post for German goal. Leah Williamson - 8 Kept a calm head throughout and made all the right decisions apart from one to close her legs. Rachel Day - 6 Lost her way a couple of times but alway fought back to make things awkward for Germany. Georgia Stanway - 7 Perhaps focused too much on battling against Oberdorf and did not use the ball as well as she can. Booked. Kiera Walsh - 8 Sublime pass to set up Toone - takes great player to conjure that in heat of battle. Beth Mead - 7 Golden Boot winner never able to showcase her talents in final before limping off. Fran Kirby - 6 Fiercely shackled by the Germany midfield, she struggled to make an impact before coming off. Lauren Hemp - 7  Struggled to offer England an outlet - they could have done with some more of her runs. Ellen White - 7 Threatened with an early chance and ran hard to tire defenders out for Russo once more. Alessio Russo (for White 55) - 7 Ella Toone (for Kirby 55) - 8 Chloe Kelly (for Mead 81) - 8 Alex Greenwood (for Daly 88) - 6 Jill Scott (for Stanway 88) - 6 Nikita Parris (for Hemp 119) GERMANY (4-3-3): Frohms 6, Gwinn 6, Hendrich 8, Hegering 7 (Doorsoun), Rauch 6; Magull 7 (Dallmann), Oberdorf 7, Dabritz 6 (Lohmann); Huth 6, Schuller 7 (Anyomi 6), Brand 6 (Wassmuth). PLAYER OF THE MATCH: Mary Earps - and arguably the player of the tournament. REFEREE: Kateryna Monzul (Ukraine) ATTENDANCE: 87,192