State pension payment typically hinge on the number of National Insurance contributions a person has made throughout their life. For the new state pension, individuals need at least 35 qualifying years to get the full sum. While some 30 qualifying years are needed for the full basic state pension - the older scheme. With this in mind, many Britons may be confronted with a shortfall once they approach retirement. Falling short of the NI contributions required could have a severe impact on the state pension. As such, many will choose to take action - and they could benefit through making voluntary National Insurance contributions. READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures' These could help to plug the gaps in one’s record and therefore get them up to the record needed for a full state pension. Hargreaves Lansdown has explained the potential benefits of taking this action. The organisation highlighted a full National Insurance year costs around £800, but could have knock on benefits for the state pension. Its website states: “In return, this could add up to an extra £275 in state pension income every year. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [INSIGHT]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS]HSBC offers £170 in ‘free cash’ to savers - days left to benefit [LATEST] “Across your retirement this could add thousands to your state pension income.” In fact, Becky O’Connor from interactive investor has previously touched upon this matter. She described the potential return on plugging gaps as “astonishing”, showing what a difference it can make to people’s lives. Ms O’Connor explained: “Each additional qualifying year that you generate will add 1/35th of state pension, which on the new state pension is around £5.29 a week from April 6, or £275.08 a year. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do “Over the course of the typical 20-year retirement, you could get £5,501.60 in total extra state pension. “That’s an incredible return of 587 percent.” Of course, the option is not one which is suitable for everybody. The benefit of plugging gaps will depend on how long a person lives after drawing their state pension. While no one has a crystal ball, it may make those in poor health think twice before choosing this pathway. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Indeed, voluntary contributions do not always increase the state pension, and Britons should contact the Future Pension Centre to find out more. Individuals will need to check their National Insurance record before taking action. This can be done by visiting the Government’s website, where a online portal is available. It can help Britons determine if gaps in contributions or credits mean some years do not count toward their state pension. It also gives an indication of whether individuals can pay voluntary contributions to fill any gaps. The online record, however, does not cover how much state pension a person is likely to get. Before starting, people will need a Government Gateway ID and password, but if they do not have one, they can create one when checking a record.