George Russell has hit out at an FIA rule for ending his British Grand Prix early as he confirms Mercedes have launched a protest. Russell said he could not get his car started after jumping out to check on the condition of Zhou Guanyu after the Alfa Romeo rolled.  Russell ran to check how he could get the car going but noticed marshals had already loaded the Mercedes onto a truck when he came back. Russell said the Silver Aorrws had appealed the decision but the FIA were “adamant” he could not restart. He said: “Firstly I’m glad to see Zhou is ok after an absolutely horrific incident. “Ultimately we took a risk starting on the hard because I made a mistake in qualifying and we were starting out of position. We thought that risk gave us the best opportunity later in the race, but there was just no grip whatsoever. “The hardest compound is cold out there and I got swamped by all the cars. Next thing I know I got touched, was in the side of Zhou and that was it. READ MORE: British GP first lap bursts into madness as protestors storm track   "I jumped out of the car to see if Zhou was ok. I saw it was red flagged straight away. When I came back to the car I couldn’t quite get it started for whatever reason so I ran back to the team to check. I told the marshals to leave the car and when I got back it was on the back of the flatbed. As soon as you get assistance you can’t restart. "We are trying [to appeal] but they are pretty adamant, the FIA. It’s one of those unique scenarios." Russell’s car was severely damaged in the accident on the opening lap. The Mercedes rookie swerved to the right, making contact with the Alpha Tauri of Pierre Gasly before being launched into the rear right tyre of Zhou. DON'T MISSF1 star Alex Albon airlifted to hospital after nasty British GP crash [INSIGHT]George Russell in horror crash as car flips upside down at British GP [PICS]Lewis Hamilton 'dying' for Mercedes to solve issues after injury [COMMENT]  However, there was some hope Russell could have continued in the race. Sky Sports host Karun Chandhok reported Mercedes engineers were assessing the damage with hopes they could fix it during the lengthy red-flag period. However, about half an hour later, Ted Kravitz said Rusell had been told that he would not be allowed to continue. Mercedes still have hope of a podium with Lewis Hamilton jumping up to fourth at the restart. The Briton then took advantage of a puncture for Max Verstappen to move up to third.