Sharon Osbourne has revealed her husband Ozzy is back up and walking again after a life-changing operation. The rock legend has been battling serious health conditions for the last three years but finally seems to be on the mend. The infamous Osbourne couple shared their delight at the miraculous recovery of Ozzy following a life-changing neck operation. Seen walking around Los Angeles with Sharon and his children, the rock legend has been in poor health for years. Diagnosed with a form of Parkinson's, enduring a rough ride with Covid and suffering the after effects of a dangerous quad biking accident, Sharon hasn't left her husband's side as he fought through it all. Going under the knife last June for what would be a pivotal surgery, Ozzy is already back in action promoting his new record for release in September. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Sharon revealed: “Now he's back walking, he's a diva, he thinks he's bloody Beyoncé.” The pair were booked to appear on Talk TV with Piers Morgan however, only the former X Factor judge appeared when the video chat connected. Opening the conversation, Piers wanted updates on the musician's current state. “It's like a domino effect, it's been three and a half years of nightmare but you know what, there's light now”, Sharon offered in answer to the host's question. She continued: “He's walking great, he's got no more pain - he's a pain in my arse but I don't mind. “The last operation fixed all the pain so it's like lifting a huge weight from him.” Sharon went on to share what the star has been doing during his spare time when not in recovery mode. She said: “He's busy doing promotion for his record that's coming out in September. DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne branded ‘a b*****d’ as he snubs Piers Morgan last minute [INSIGHT]Ozzy Osbourne health latest: Star survives another major surgery [UPDATE]Ozzy Osbourne, 73, ‘plans to renew vows’ with wife Sharon, 69 [INSIGHT] “He really is Iron Man, just like his song, he comes back over and over again.” To the surprise of Piers, Sharon also confirmed Ozzy would be back delighting audiences on stages in the new year. Dealing with so many health scares took a toll not just on the patient but the family as an entire unit. Sharon let the host in on what it was like living through each diagnosis, sharing how it left her “always on edge.” Despite the roller-coaster of the past few years, the optimistic celebrity told Talk TV she was only looking towards the future following the good news. “It's just behind us and all we can do is look into the light and everything's going to be fine,” she reassured viewers. Ozzy's “miracle” cure wasn't the only reason for the iconic family to celebrate this month, however, as their son Jack had a baby ten days ago and Kelly announced her pregnancy. Piers Morgan Uncensored is now available on Talk TV, Fox Nation and Sky News Australia.