Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has praised the Gunners board for the ‘tremendous job’ of signing Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City. The Spaniard desperately needed a new striker this summer and the north Londoners confirmed the capture of top target Jesus on Monday morning. Jesus arrives at the Emirates as part of a busy summer transfer window for Arsenal. The Premier League side are expected to spend big ahead of next season in a bid to finally qualify for the Champions League. A new striker was top of Arteta's wish list after a lack of goals from forward players was partly to blame for them being pipped to fourth place by rivals Tottenham. Alexandre Lacazette, who has now departed, scored just four league goals, while the ability of Eddie Nketiah to be the club's main striker has been questioned. Arsenal boss Arteta worked alongside Jesus during his spell as assistant head coach at Man City. The 40-year-old has praised those above him for completing the deal, which is widely reported to have been worth around £45million. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd draw up Ronaldo plan, £38m Arsenal bid Arteta said: “I’m very excited. The club has done a tremendous job to recruit a player of this stature. I know Gabriel personally very well, and we all know him well from his time in the Premier League and being really successful here. "This is a position that’s been on our radar for a long time now and we have managed to get a player that we all wanted, so I’m really happy.” Technical director Edu added: “We are delighted that we have secured the transfer of Gabriel. Everyone who knows football well knows the qualities of Gabriel Jesus. DON'T MISS...Leeds 'submit request' for ex-Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyMan Utd and Arsenal fighting over second playerArsenal 'hold talks' with Lille star as Tielemans alternative emerges "Gabriel is a player who we have admired for a long time now. He is 25 years old and an established Brazil international who has consistently demonstrated that he is a player at a very high level. “We look forward to seeing him join up with his new teammates ahead of the new season. We all welcome Gabriel to Arsenal.” Jesus becomes Arsenal's fourth signing of the summer. The Brazilian joins Matt Turner, Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos in arriving at the Emirates. The forward, who scored 95 goals in 233 appearances for Man City, will wear the No 9 shirt vacated by Lacazette, who has rejoined Lyon on a free transfer. Jesus is likely to have struggled for game time with the Premier League champions following the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez.