With the eyes of his predecessor Theresa May coldly staring into his back, Mr Johnson tried to put on a cheerful face after watching 16 of his ministers head to the exit door of his Government. The official enemy may have been arrayed before him, the real enemy was preparing his demise behind him. There was deafening silence from the Conservative benches as he hit back at Labour’s Sir Keir Starmer. It's not a great look when even the Prime Minister laughed when he talked about having meetings with ministers...or was that ex-ministers? Unsurprisingly, the knives did not take long to come out. Former children’s minister Tim Loughton, a Tory grandee, got to his feet: “Does the Prime Minister think there are any circumstances where he should resign?” As Conservative MPs had trooped into the chamber beforehand there was not one who thought the Prime Minister would be in office by the summer recess. One senior Brexiteer backbencher said: “It’s not if, it’s when. He’s gone.” Father of the House Sir Peter Bottomley wryly noted he would ask Mr Johnson to act “while he is still Prime Minister.” One of the Red Wall MPs Gary Sambrook of West Bromwich got to his feet was applauded as he demanded the man who helped deliver him his seat in 2019 resign. He was patted on his back by Tory colleagues as he took his seat. The 73-year-old David Davis then was up reminding him that he had said the Prime Minister should go six months ago. Apparently, Mr Davis has not changed his mind Somehow Mr Johnson’s smile did not waiver. Along with May - who still was Prime Minister for 17 days longer than Mr Johnson has been in so far - former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and ex-Health Secretary Sajid Javid also grimly looked on as they prepare their leadership elections. Mr Johnson is apparently worried about being in office “for even less time” than his predecessor. READ MORE: 'Enough is enough' Sajid Javid lands killer blow on Boris in Commons It is rare indeed that more than half a Prime Minister’s own MPs want their leader to go. Next to him his new Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi and Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab had those forced smiles only used when people feel deeply embarrassed. Labour Bootle MP Peter Dowd, a supporter of the recent RMT rail strikes, quipped about when the Prime Minister will introduce the promised law to stop walkouts and withdrawal of Labour. “For his own government!” As PMQs ended Sajid Javid got to his feet to remind the country why he quit. As Mr Johnson remained in his seat he looked like a man who, in the words of one Tory MP, “is on borrowed time.” DON'T MISS Embattled Boris CAN'T crush Labour six point lead - poll [REVEAL] Have Your Say: Is the game up for Boris? Should he resign as PM? [REACT] Labour MPs will force Starmer to rejoin the EU [INSIGHT]