The UK is hanging on tenterhooks for Mr Johnson’s successor to be named after the PM announced his resignation this morning. So, naturally, staff at the Cornish Seal Sanctuary in Gweek turned to the most reliable available source - a “psychic” seal. Banana first made headlines in 2020 when she tipped England to do well at the European football championship.  The famous marine mammal has now turned her incredible intellect to UK politics, making another startling prediction - that Mr Johnson’s successor as Prime Minister will be the current Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace. Mr Johnson will remain in No10 until a successor has been elected, with the Tory backbench 1922 Committee expected to outline a timetable for the process soon. A poll by Tory news website Conservative Home revealed the two politicians voters thought were most likely to take the top spot. These two were Mr Wallace and Penny Mordaunt, Minister of State for Trade Policy. The seal previously backed England to beat Germany, Ukraine and Denmark at Euro 2020 - all of which were correct. However, she did pick the Three Lions to beat Italy in the final, which sadly turned out to be inaccurate.  Banana was presented with images of Mr Wallace and Ms Mordaunt. Within moments, the Defence Secretary had been given her seal of approval. After finally providing the country with the answers it needs, she was rewarded with a snack. The sanctuary would like it made clear that Banana is completely apolitical and agenda-free. Ben Fowler, an animal care supervisor, said: "The process is quite simple – we just ask Banana to come and choose between one of her usual station markers. READ MORE: Man furious as stranger 'refuses' to move car from driveway [REVEAL]  “She then chooses between which one she likes the look of the most, or who she thinks will be the next leader! “Will she be right? Well, I guess we’ll see!” The conservation worker added: “While we can’t take any responsibility for how Banana makes her choice, what we do know is she has a pretty good knack for getting it right. "So, keep your eyes peeled!”  DON'T MISS: Ireland seizes on Boris' exit and throws down Brexit gauntlet [REVEAL]SEVEN Tory MPs who could move to oust Boris from No10 by Monday [INSIGHT]BBC Newsnight snubs Boris with end credits with list of resignations [ANALYSIS] Banana was just eight months old when she was rescued from Trevellas Cove in 2018. She was found malnourished, with bite wounds on her flippers, and was suffering from parasitic pneumonia - an infection of the lungs by parasites. She was nursed back to health and later released, before being re-rescued after struggling in the wild. The unlikely celebrity now lives at the sanctuary, spending most of her time in the sun - as well as winding up the animal care team during cleaning time. 