Doctor Who is celebrating the milestone next November and it has been confirmed actors David Tennant, who played the 10th Time Lord, and Catherine Tate, who portrayed Donna Noble, will be returning to the series for the anniversary special. However, it is understood fan favourite Mark Gatiss is yet to receive his invitation. Mark has featured in a number of episodes, including the 2017 Christmas special. The 55-year-old has played professor Richard Lazarus in The Lazarus Experiment and The Captain in Twice Upon A Time. He has also served as a writer for Doctor Who and has made five guest appearances in total. Mark revealed he has not been asked to join Doctor Who at the Attitude Pride Awards this time around. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne However, he said he would consider being part of the celebrations if he was invited along. Mark told PA News Agency: "It is time for the young people to take on roles within the show." He also described showrunner Russell T Davies’ return to Doctor Who as “brilliant and thrilling”. Russell announced David and Catherine’s returns earlier this summer, writing: ‘They're back! The Doctor and Donna! But… how?!  "He wiped her memory! If she remembers, she’ll die! ‘But, but… is it a flashback? A dream sequence? A lie? A fantasy? A parallel universe?! Alt Doctor? The Land of Fiction?! "You’ll find out in 2023 as Doctor Who hits its 60th – diamond – anniversary!" (sic) Current Doctor Jodie Whittaker will be replaced by Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa. DON'T MISS...Ncuti Gatwa shares why Dr Who bosses are keeping him in the dark [LATEST]Jodie Whittaker secretly gives birth and introduces baby to Claire Foy [INSIGHT]David Tennant return to Doctor Who confirmed - with a familiar face [UPDATE] The 29-year-old actor will become the 14th Doctor of the series. Ncuti revealed at the South Bank Sky Arts Awards: "I'm raring to go, super, super excited. "I know nothing about the Doctor, it's being kept very under wraps. They know I've got a big mouth, they don't tell me anything." However, the star stressed he would have a "big say" in designing the Doctor's trademark look. 