Starting a side hustle is an increasingly popular endeavour, with more people taking on an extra job to make more cash than ever before. Research suggests having a side hustle can increase peoples’ incomes by 20 percent on average, and bolster the economy. Appearing on ITV’s Tonight programme last night, one woman described how she has been able to bring in additional money. Dawn Lacey, 64, who previously worked as a church minister, but has transformed her day-to-day life. Ms Lacey retired to care for her father, but it didn’t stop her finances from being a squeeze. As a result, she was looking for a way to earn extra money to help her out. READ MORE: Pensioner ‘millionaires’ rise to 3 million - triple lock questioned She explained: “I needed to start something to pay the bills. “Having left the church and being on a very low income, I needed to find something that would help me to be able to pay those bills, to be able to even just to buy food or pay for petrol or just be able to treat our grandchildren.” Ms Lacey turned to selling beauty products, in what will be a recognisable “side hustle” for many individuals. Her Temple Spa business offers several different beauty products, and the business has started to expand. DON'T MISSTV licence fee plans could see property-rich pensioners 'pay more' [UPDATE]DWP update as £326 cost of living payment date confirmed [INSIGHT]WASPI women welcome new boost in ongoing fight for compensation [LATEST] Ms Lacey said: “My business has really grown from strength to strength. “It helps with all the bills and everything else you have to pay.” While the business started small, it has become a lucrative endeavour for Ms Lacey, and something to keep her busy. She is delighted with the results she has managed to achieve already, teaching others how to get involved with her business. READ MORE: Which benefits could stop you from receiving Carers Allowance? Ms Lacey continued: “I made £50 a month doing one class a month. “But now 12 months later I will be making £800 this month minimum. “I absolutely think it's an amazing idea for women and men to be able to do something different alongside what they're doing already. “This is really a great opportunity to meet new people. But also you're bringing that extra income in, so who wouldn’t want to do it?” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This endeavour is popular amongst the 51 to 64 age group, with Dr Charmi Patel, Associate Professor at Henley Business School, telling ITV these individuals still engage in 17 percent of side hustles ITV presenter Adam Shaw, however, had a word of warning for those who are looking to sell products in this way. He said it is important Britons always check they are getting involved with a reputable company. In addition, there are tax implications to bear in mind with a side hustle, as with tax free pay at just over £12,500, a second job could mean a person is taxed at a straight 20 percent with no allowances. As a result, individuals are encouraged to look at the official HMRC website for tax codes, as well as a tax calculator. These tools could help Britons understand the implications of their side hustle for their personal circumstances. ITV's Tonight programme returns next Thursday evening.