Leeds United may end up having the last laugh in the Charles De Ketelaere transfer saga, even if they don't sign the Club Brugge striker. The Whites' mammoth opening bid has supposedly left AC Milan deadlocked as they try to persuade the Belgian outfit to accept their smaller proposal. Leeds' interest in De Ketelaere was well-known to the point that Jesse Marsch acknowledged and confirmed the speculation in a recent press conference. The Whites need support for Patrick Bamford up top, having spent the majority of last season sidelined through injury. A huge £31.5million bid was thrown on the table, and it likely would have seen the move progress if the player himself wasn't keen on a move to Milan instead, with the Rossoneri still fresh from an impressive Serie A title win last campaign. Even though Leeds may have been snubbed, their opening offer could see Milan snubbed too. According to Calciomercato's transfer insider Daniele Longo, the Italian side have reached their limit with a package totalling £27.5m for De Ketelaere, which is several million less than Leeds put on the table. JUST IN: Arsenal and Juventus 'reach double agreement' during Arthur Melo transfer talks As such, Club Brugge are still stewing on the bid while likely facing pressure from the player, who is thought to be keen on a move to the San Siro. De Ketelaere, 21, progressed well last term with 18 league goals, and he is already a regular for the Belgian national team. While Milan remain 'confident' that Brugge will eventually cave in to the will of their star striker, Leeds' lucrative offer has at least stopped the deal in its tracks for now. Manager Jesse Marsch would surely relish an opportunity to pounce if the move falls through completely, with the Italian side already believed to be pursuing other targets. READ MORE: Chelsea 'days away' from losing defender but see another exit 'stall' One of which is out-of-favour Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech. The Moroccan would be available with Blues boss Thomas Tuchel benefitting from a host of other options out wide, and Milan supposedly made new contact to set the wheels in motion on Friday. With hopes of signing De Ketelaere slim, despite Milan's current standoff, Leeds appear to have several alternative options in the pipeline. Paris Saint-Germain youngster Arnaud Kalimuendo is reportedly warming to the idea of moving to Elland Road, despite impressing new boss Christophe Galtier in pre-season, and the 20-year-old has already banked two campaigns of top-flight experience with Lens. Fenerbahce striker Mergim Berisha is also rumoured to be a cut-price alternative, with the Turkish outfit demanding a measly £4.5m. Marsch has history with the 24-year-old, who scored seven goals in all competitions last term. It has already been a summer of drastic transformation for the Whites, with star players Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips heading to Barcelona and Manchester City respectively. The club responded with six new signings, including former Feyenoord trickster Luis Sinisterra and ex-RB Leipzig midfielder Tyler Adams.