High temperatures can be problematic for homeowners for several reasons, but damaged roofing is often overlooked when it comes to keeping properties safe in the sun. While little can be done to keep the roof of your home out of direct sunlight, there are a few things you should look out for to prevent heat-induced damage. Here’s how the heatwave could damage your roof, and some expert tips on how to avoid costly repairs leaving you out of pocket. Buildings are built to withstand the weather, but not all materials are able to cope with extreme conditions. According to the Goodhart Group, properties can “take a beating” in excessive heat, when the hot sun is constantly shining over your property. Soaring temperatures are expected to continue throughout the month in the UK, so there’s no better time for Britons to get to grips with some essential roof checks. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ way to keep house flies away from homes using 85p spice The Goodhart Group said: “Direct, hot sun will cause blistering and cracking on any roof material, particularly asphalt shingles. “Attics, which are usually the hottest part of the house, can see a build-up of humidity, sending excess heat and moisture under the roof.” As a result of the moisture rising inside the home and direct heat beating on the exterior of the roof, tiling materials will quickly deteriorate at an accelerated rate. This can lead to shingles and tiling becoming loose or even falling from the surface. It’s not just visible damage to the roofing materials that can compromise your property. In fact, extreme heat can also cause leaks which can be detrimental to the safety of your home. Leaks can occur as a direct consequence of two processes that are common in extremely hot weather. These include: Pyramid Roofing Company said: “If the temperature of your roof is cooler than the surrounding air, condensation can occur on your roof. “This excess moisture can cause water damage weaken and your roof over time, which creates leaks.” DON'T MISS:Where does Sajid Javid live now? Inside former health secretary’s life [INSIGHT]UK weather warning: Brits warned of garden fires as 40C heat hits [LATEST]Schools forced to CLOSE after no water in 'dangerous' heat [ANALYSIS] Loose or fallen roof tiles are one danger of living with a damaged roof, but the heat can also have a significant impact on the structural stability of the surface too. When the caulking of your roof is exposed to extreme heat, it can dry out and become increasingly unstable. Protecting the materials used on your roof is the first step to avoiding expensive repairs when the temperature rises. To do this, the Goodhart Group advised homeowners to “properly maintain” roof ducts, and keep the attic space well ventilated. If expansion and warping are an issue, it is important to keep your roof protected against UV rays emitted by the sun. This can be done by installing vapour barriers that prevent warm, humid indoor air from condensing by keeping it from touching the cooler outer layer. Coating and sealing your roof will also help to prevent dried caulk from compromising the structure of your roof. The Goodhart Group added: “Also, do regular maintenance checks to make sure everything is in shape.” Properly maintaining your roof can go a long way in preventing these issues.