Death in Paradise has been entertaining fans for more than a decade on the gorgeous island of Saint Marie. The BBC comedy-drama's universe is going to get a little bigger though as its spin-off Beyond Paradise has recently been announced, taking viewers back to the UK. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about Beyond Paradise. My Family and Love Actually actor Kris Marshall was the second ever detective to star as the lead in Death in Paradise. He took over the key role from actor Ben Miller at the start of season three after his character DI Richard Poole was murdered. DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall), an awkward yet talented detective, was at hand to crack the case and many more until his departure in 2017. Humphrey left his life in Guadeloupe to be with the love of his life Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) back in the UK. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist Marshall said: "I had the best time playing Humphrey out in Guadeloupe and whilst I was delighted that he got his happy ending with Martha, I always wanted to know what happened next. "So it’s a joy to be putting his crumpled jacket back on and seeing how life has panned out for him back in the UK. "Working with Sally is a dream, and I can’t wait to continue Humphrey and Martha’s story and solve a few seemingly impossible mysteries along the way," he added. Marshall may have said goodbye to the island but Humphrey will still have plenty of head-scratching investigations on the way. Six-part series Beyond Paradise will see what Humphrey and Martha's life looks like now, five years after leaving Death in Paradise. Martha is now his fiance and Humphrey is hoping for some peace following their move to "rural Britain". He takes up a new DI job but little did he expect the town to have a very high crime rate. The BBC have stated that he will face "a new, and very different, case challenging him each week", which indicates it may not just be murders Humphrey will have to contend with. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [THEORY]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little's 'painful' discovery on great-grandad [CAST]Death in Paradise's JP Hooper star on why he would have stayed [EXPLAINER] So far, there has been no talk of exactly when Beyond Paradise will begin. However, it is believed that it will air on BBC One in the UK and streaming service Britbox in America, sometime in 2023. Filming will commence later this year in the UK but further details in terms of location haven't been confirmed. Already, viewers know who two of the leading cast members will be. Actor Marshall will reprise his role as DI Humphrey Goodman, having also been in Sandition, Citizen Khan, Murder City and We Hunt Together. He will star opposite Not Going Out and The Office star, Sally Bretton as Martha Lloyd. According to the BBC, further casting announcements will be made in due course. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.