Kenneth Shadbolt, 94, was told help was "being arranged" following his fall at home but an ambulance didn't arrive until around five hours after his first 999 call. The grandfather later died in hospital as a result of a bleed to the brain. When Mr Shadbolt fell, he hit his wardrobe and collapsed to the floor. The retired carpenter and factory worker called for an ambulance at around 3am, and paramedics should have arrived at his home within 18 minutes because, according to internal call logs, he was classed as a category two emergency. After calling a sleeping neighbour who did not pick up, Mr Shadbolt then decided to call 999 once again, shortly before 3.15am. When he told the operator that he was unable to move his leg, he was informed that the service was "extremely busy". At this time, according to the log, ambulances were having to queue outside hospitals, with patients enduring waits of more than eight hours. Mr Shadbolt rang 999 again at 4.12am, a third time, to say that his 'breathing was going' and was worried that he was "going to fade away". Mr Shadbolt was then reassured that ambulance crews had "not forgotten" about him, to which he replied: "Can you please tell them to hurry up or I shall be dead. Send me the undertaker, that would be the best bet." At 8.10am, an ambulance finally arrived at Mr Shadbolt's house to take him to hospital but he passed away there at 2.20pm that same day, Gloucestershire Live reports. According to figures seen by the BBC, on the morning that Mr Shadbolt fell, more than half of ambulances in the area faced delays of more than an hour. Since Mr Shadbolt's heartbreaking death, on March 24, his family have read and shared the harrowing transcript of the 999 calls made by their loved one. They have now spoken out as a safety watchdog demanded an "immediate" response to prevent patients from unnecessarily dying. Jerry Shadbolt, the 66-year-old son of Kenneth, told the BBC: "The doctors were saying his injuries were non-survivable but would they have been non-survivable if he'd arrived at hospital four hours earlier? I'd like an answer to that question. "He was on his own and he knew he was on his own. He must have felt abandoned and alone on his bedroom floor. That's the most troubling part of it for me." Mr Shadbolt, from Chipping Camden, Gloucestershire, eventually suffered a bleed to brain. Since then, "sincere condolences" have been offered to the family and friends of Kenneth Shadbolt by Jenny Winslade, who is executive director of quality and clinical care for the South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust. According to Jenny, delays handing over patients to A&E and busy hospitals meant it was 'taking us too long to get an ambulance to patients'. She said: "This is a risk which we recognise is unacceptable. We continue to work on a daily basis with our partners to ensure our crews can get back out on the road as quickly as possible, to respond to other 999 calls." Meanwhile, Professor Mark Pietroni, medical director and acting chief executive of Gloucestershire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, has claimed that both local and national health systems have been "under intense pressure" and have continued to face significant challenges "in response to unrelenting demand".