The ITV series, which has been adapted from the books of M.L. Longworth and Downton Abbey writer Shelagh Stephenson sees Antoine Verlaque (played by Roger Allam) investigate some murders in his quiet town. During the third and final instalment of the thriller series, Dr Vannier (John Light) was revealed as the criminal causing havoc and leading the police's investigation elsewhere. Viewers of the show were left in shock on Sunday night as the charming doctor was exposed as the serial killer. They took to their social media accounts to express their surprise at the twist, with Edwin Peterson commenting: "Doctor guilt has become more probable throughout this ep... #MurderInProvence." David Brady added: "I bet she's on one of her terrible dates? This one looks quite promising so far... #MurderInProvence." James Cunnington fumed: "#MurderInProvence Not Sylvie?!" READ MORE: Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby Alan Wilkerson quipped: "Not Sylvieeeeeeee! I saw the Doctor being an odd one coming but not poor Sylvie!" @Chanel_Barbie99 said: "Why did @ITV have to do Sylvie like that! Dr Vannier was a shock, though, I can't lie... knew he wasn't genuine." Marie Cunningham exclaimed: "DR VANNIER!!! NO STOP IT! Oh, I had such high hopes for him, but of course, @ITV ruin my thriller and drama love." (sic) The third instalment saw the investigation come to a close after Dr Vannier sent the French police on a wild goose chase. Antoine and Marine Bonnet (Nancy Carroll) worked out that Dr Vannier was the prime suspect just 12 hours after Sylvie (Kirsty Bushell) went missing. The pair sprinted to Dr Vannier's house once her phone location was pinned but were stunned to see him standing in his doorway. They lied and explained they were coming to give him an update on the case but were secretly waiting for the police to arrive. However, as Antoine began creeping around the house, Dr Vannier soon cottoned on and locked Marine in the house whilst hunting down Antoine. DON'T MISS...Endeavour’s Roger Allam hints at Fred Thursday's fate as show ends [LATEST]Murder in Provence fans distracted by accent feature [INSIGHT]Endeavour’s Roger Allam shares heartache of leaving Fred Thursday [WATCH] Gathering Sylvie from the basement and trying to flee with her, Antoine cleverly stole his keys to distract him and unplugged a vital part of the car to stop him from escaping. His quick thinking and distraction meant that the police were able to save Sylvie and arrest Dr Vannier, bringing the case to a close. There has been no word as to whether the show has been given the green light for a new series, but Roger Allam has revealed he would be up for it. Speaking to RadioTimes.com, he explained: "It gives it a wider exposure and encourages everyone to commission another series." We'd expect to see Allam resume his role as Investigating Judge Antoine Verlaque alongside Nancy Carroll as his partner, Marine Bonnet and Keala Settle as his colleague Hélène Paulik. Speaking on what the potential plot for another series could be, Roger revealed he was keen to "develop and not stay the same". Adding: "But I don't know in what way I'd like it to develop, actually." Murder in Provence is available to watch on ITV Hub.