The Swedish royal was joined by her family including Queen Silvia, 78, King Carl Gustaf, 76, and her husband Prince Daniel, 48. She also celebrated her birthday with her children Princess Estelle, 10, and Prince Oscar, six, in the garden of the family’s summer palace, Solliden Palace on the island of Öland. Princess Victoria looked elegant in a floaty white, floral top and matching skirt with a band around the waist. It had chiffon sleeves and cut off at the ankles. The outfit, which was by Ida Sjostedt, costs around £350. The royal pinned her locks back into a low bun and added a pair of hanging earrings by Annika Gustavsson. READ MORE: Princess Victoria of Sweden celebrates birthday in style She also wore a silver watch but opted for a look without a necklace. Princess Victoria kept her make-up natural but bronzed. She completed the look with a pair of white espadrille style sandals with a small heel. The Royal Family spent the day listening to a children’s choir perform for them. DON'T MISS:Camilla forced to make 'quick outfit change' in time for the Queen [INSIGHT]Queen Letizia dons SHEER dress worth £323 on night out with husband [PICTURES]Meghan Markle’s style choice that indicated her future with Harry [COMMENT] They later lead a procession through the city of Borgholm in a horse-drawn carriage. Fans waved and smiled at the family as they made their way through the city. Princess Estelle wore an embroidered white dress which had frills around the neck. She added a pastel pink cardigan with white sleeves to the outfit as well as a pair of white pumps. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's engagement ring has fitting link to Queen Victoria Posing for photos in the garden, Queen Silvia stood out in her outfit. The Queen opted for a bright green dress with a pretty floral design on it. She also added a pale pink padded coat and nude heels to complete the look. Princess Victoria’s siblings, Prince Carl Philip and sister Princess Madeleine joined the family for a concert at Borgholms Castle. Princess Madeleine went summery with her outfit, opting for a pink dress with balloon sleeves and frills around the shoulder. It had a pretty floral design in white, navy and rust. The dress cut off at the ankles and the royal opted for a pair of navy sandals. She completed the look with gold jewellery including a necklace and bracelet. Taking to Instagram, royal fans loved Princess Madeleine’s dress. User Becca Lucy wrote: “So beautiful.” User Felipe Score said: “What a fabulous Princess.” Princess Sofia of Sweden also joined the family looking stunning in a dusty pink dress. The dress retails for £360, although is on sale for £252 on By Malina’s website. It featured a gorgeous flower print along with long sleeves. She added a pair of cream wedges to complete the look. Her Castañer wedges are a staple in her wardrobe. Instagram users also commented on photographs of the whole family. User Catherine Duncan wrote: “All of these dresses are stunning.” Melissa Eadel commented: “So stylish, lovely family.”