Adriano Panatta has claimed that Nick Kyrgios’ antics will be put to a stop in the locker room by one of his rivals, after the Australian had many controversial moments in the Wimbledon final on Sunday. During his 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3) defeat to Novak Djokovic, Kyrgios repeatedly shouted at his box and asked for one fan to be removed from the match. The BBC were forced to repeatedly apologise for the Aussie’s swearing, during a rant where Kyrgios claimed that one fan was putting him off during the match and when the umpire said he did not know which member of the crowd it was, he gestured towards the fan and said: “She looks like she’s had about 700 drinks bro”. Former French Open winner Panatta believes that Kyrgios’ opponents are getting frustrated with his behaviour and they will deal with it in the locker room. "There is no doubt that he is a great talent,” Panatta told La Gazzetta dello Sport. “But he must understand that disrespecting his opponents is hateful. I think in the end someone with him will fix things, not on the pitch but in the locker room." Kyrgios was asked after the Wimbledon final whether he thought he needed to improve his composure and took aim at the entire SW19 draw. "I think the other 126 players in the draw could improve their composure," he said. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios heckler responds after Wimbledon row vs Novak Djokovic - 'I'm really sorry' "But at times out there, obviously I was getting angry a bit because I just looked at it as you win this tournament, you become tennis immortal I feel. It was just an opportunity for me that people work their entire life for. "I put myself in a position to win the first set. Things started to get rocky a bit. He was just solid. Then I win that fourth set and who knows. "I mean, yeah, I can obviously improve many things in my game, not just composure. My forehand return needs to improve.   "I've been working on that a lot. Can always get stronger. Can always get fitter. I feel like that was a bit of a dig, but I feel like everyone in the draw can improve something." Kyrgios, who received three fines throughout the tournament, was told by Tim Henman that he will be disappointed with his behaviour throughout the final having looked calm during his opening set victory. “Kyrgios has let himself down,” Henman claimed during the BBC’s Wimbledon final coverage. “That dialogue is going to come back and haunt him. Surely it is about accepting responsibility. It’s about Kyrgios going out and executing his game plan to the best of his own ability. He’s got in his own way and handed over the initiative to Djokovic.”