Eight fire engines rushed to a fire at Wrotham Park Estate, in Hertfordshire, after a blaze ripped through the building which features as the Bridgerton family's country home, Aubrey Hall, in the Netflix series. Stone outbuildings adjourned to the main estate were gutted in the inferno, with almost all of the roofing destroyed. Firefighters from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to the blaze at 3.35pm on Wednesday. Plumes of smoke rising from the estate could be seen from miles away, it is understood. It took 10 fire crews to get the blaze under control, with many spending the entire night making sure it did not spread to the main house or surrounding woodland. Firefighter Keith Harland said no one was hurt in the blaze which about 40 firefighters attended. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne He added: "Crews from both Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and the London Fire Brigade worked very hard to successfully contain the fire and prevent it from spreading to the main building, which was our main concern. "Thanks to the great teamwork of the many crews involved, the fire was extinguished and there were no casualties." It is unclear whether the inferno will have impacted filming for season three of Bridgerton. The upcoming outing of the Netflix series is currently in production and will centre around Penelope Featherington (played by Nicola Coughlan) and Colin Bridgerton's (Luke Newton) blossoming romance.  Little does he know that Penelope's alter ego is gossip columnist Lady Whistedown. Express.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. The Grade II-listed Wrotham Park Hall has been used for numerous programmes and films over the years, including Downton Abbey and Bridget Jones' Diary. Another fire happened at the estate in 1883 and it completely destroyed the house. DON'T MISS...Sanditon’s Alexander Vlahos slams Bridgerton over accuracy  [LATEST]Bridgerton season 3 plot, cast and teaser: Everything we know so far [UPDATE]Bridgerton's Simone Ashley and Jonathan Bailey reunite for series 3 [INSIGHT] However, the occupants had enough time to save many items from the house. It was later rebuilt to look as it did before the blaze, but with the solidity of Victorian building techniques. The mansion was designed by English architect Isaac Ware in 1754 for Admiral John Byng. The house has been passed down the Byng family and still belongs to them.  The estate has been the location of high-profile events, including Cheryl Cole and Ashely Cole's wedding, and the wedding reception of Pavlos the Crown Prince of Greece to Marie-Chantal Miller. The mansion sits on 2,500 acres of land and includes 18 bedrooms. It is not known how long it will take to repair the building following the recent fire or how the blaze started. Bridgerton seasons one and two are available to watch on Netflix. 