According to laundry expert and CEO of Laundryheap, Deyan Dimitrov, piling is caused when groups of short or snagged fibres become tangled together in a tiny knot or ball. These are usually formed as a result of friction or rubbing during general wear. They can happen anywhere on fabrics, but they’re usually found on the areas of clothing that undergo the most abrasion throughout the day. Areas particularly prone to bobbling include under the arms of tops and shirts or around the collar. The inner seams of clothing as well as the centre of bedsheets can also suffer from pilling. Deyan explained: “Unfortunately, there’s no quick trick to remove pilling from your clothes. “One of the most effective ways to do so is to use a fine comb and gently rake through your garment’s piled area to pull the knotted fibres away from its surface. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home “Alternatively, you could use a razor or small nail scissors and gently cut, or shave away, each pill from your clothing. “Whilst this option is quicker, it’s also riskier. “Make sure you hold your garment steady and on a flat surface to avoid tearing the fabric.” It is much easier to prevent bobbling from occurring in the first place. DON'T MISS:Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [EXPLAINER]How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting [EXPERT] Deyan recommended choosing clothing that is less likely to pill. He explained: “Remember to check the label before you purchase a new item and make sure it’ll be able to withstand many washing cycles in its life. “Fabrics that contain a blend of different fibres are more likely to pill. “You’ll likely have noticed that knitwear is one of the biggest culprits for bobbling. To avoid this, opt for woven fabrics over knitted materials.” READ MORE: ‘Good view’ can add £321k to the average price of a home When washing items, it is important to wash them inside out as this can help to protect them. The expert also said to avoid washing favourite garments with rough fabrics such as towels or denim. Deyan added: “These can be abrasive and could cause other items to bobble more quickly. “Cooler washing cycles with less aggressive spinning will protect your clothes. “Gentle washes will give your clothes a safer and easier rise, helping to preserve their structures.” Detergents and fabric softeners can also play a huge part in whether a piece of clothing bobbles or not. Deyan recommended purchasing an enzyme-based detergent. He explained: “It does a great job at breaking down existing pills, as well as keeping your fabrics from piling in the future. Before a washing cycle, make sure to check whether your detergent contains this handy enzyme. “Fabric softeners can protect the fibres on your clothes by softening them and providing a handy shield against environmental factors which contribute to fabric break down. “So add a healthy dash of softener to your wash for clothes that are pill-free and soft.” Overfilled washing machines can be a main cause as to why some clothing goes bobbly. This is because the fabrics will push against each other and cause friction. While it’s important to run as big of a load as possible, it is important not to pack the drum too tightly. The laundry expert said: “As a general rule of thumb, you should aim to fill your washing machine drum up to two thirds of its capacity. “Drying your clothes in a tumble dryer for too long can also cause unnecessary damage to fabrics. “I would recommend opting to air dry your clothes either on a drying rack or a flat and aired surface, to prevent stretching. “This will also provide the added bonus of reducing your electricity consumption.”