Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong continues to play out. Erik ten Hag is eager to land the Barcelona star this summer, with John Murtough doing everything to make a deal happen. So Express Sport will now take a look at what we know about their chase as the saga drags on and on. United and Barcelona have been negotiating for De Jong for over 70 days, now. The Netherlands international became the Red Devils’ top target back in May, when it was confirmed Ten Hag would be taking charge. And, just recently, United finally agreed a fee for the 25-year-old. They’re prepared to pay Barcelona an initial £63million, a fee that would put De Jong above Angel Di Maria when it comes to United’s costliest recruits. And they’re also prepared to pay another £8m in add-ons and bonuses in order to ensure they get the midfielder in the door. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan United would, ideally, like to announce De Jong as soon as possible. They’re not yet willing to walk away from a transfer but know they must succeed in order to save face and save themselves from embarrassment. United are, therefore, prepared to play the long game. They’d happily announce De Jong right at the very end of the summer if worst comes to the worst, such is their determination to bring the midfielder to the Premier League. They’re still relaxed when it comes to snapping up the 25-year-old and that’s worth noting. United have also insisted they wouldn’t be chasing De Jong if they hadn’t received encouragement the player would be open to reuniting with Ten Hag at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  Right now, United haven’t pencilled in a medical for De Jong. That’s because they’re acutely aware of how much still needs to unfold before they get to that stage. United will be prepared to jet De Jong in from the United States if he finally gives the green light for a transfer, however. So if the midfielder does end up giving them the thumbs up, then the Red Devils believe they’re in a position to get him over to England as quickly as possible. United have previously jetted in past new signings from overseas and, with De Jong, things are no different. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. There are mixed signals being reported when it comes to De Jong’s stance. One that is concrete, however, is that the midfielder loves Barcelona. Both the club and the city, having long dreamed of wearing their famous red and blue colours. Over in Catalonia, they continue to stress De Jong doesn’t want to join United. Yet, on these shores, the messages are more positive. Until De Jong comes out and addresses the rumours over his future in a definitive manner, fans will be left in limbo. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team If United fail to sign De Jong, they’re still expected to bring in a midfielder. And talkSPORT’s Alex Crook recently claimed the Red Devils had Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans as alternatives, saying: “I think they should probably walk away sooner, to be honest, bearing in mind the first contact between Manchester United and Barcelona was the middle of May – we are almost in the middle of July. “This is a ridiculous situation. It has been a saga for too long. Either it’s going to happen or it’s not. “I know Manchester United have a back-up list. Youri Tielemans is on that list, as I understand it, as is Ruben Neves from Wolves. “I would call Barcelona’s bluff now and say ‘either you sell him to us, or we will pay the same money and sign Ruben Neves’. “He’s a player who is proven in the Premier League.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here