The Yorkshire Shepherdess has opened up about her remote living in Upper Swaledale and how she has coped over the years. Amanda admitted that her life has been "chaotic" over the years living on Ravenseat farm with her nine children and many animals. When describing her life as a shepherdess on a 2,000 acre hill farm, she admitted there was no such thing as a "typical day". She explained: "Unpredictable; I work with lots of variables, so there’s no such thing as a typical day. "Challenging; it can be tough to fit everything into my day. Rewarding; there are moments when I think, why the hell am I doing this but overall, it is a very satisfying role. "Ask me that same question on a different day, and the answer might be unprintable!" she joked. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret She touched on what the hardest thing was about living in a remote place like Upper Swaledale and told The Game Fair: "You can lose yourself and distance yourself from everyone and everything. "Once I go out of that door to work, it is back to basics. My home life is busy and chaotic, but my work life is solitary. Too much of each one is not good, but living in a remote place gives me peace and quiet. "The worst thing about living here is when there’s any kind of emergency. Take last Tuesday, I had everything in place for my mare to foal. "On the day, we had no power on the farm due to repairs after Storm Arwen. This meant I couldn’t get in touch with the vet. It all went OK, but I can feel a bit vulnerable. "You have to find an inner strength to deal with anything. You have to be able to cope in an emergency." Amanda is set to make an appearance at the longest-running largest countryside festival in Britain, The Game Fair, which will attract 120,000 visitors when it returns to Ragley Hall in Warwickshire from Friday 29 July to Sunday 31 July 2022. She is set to create a special breakfast menu for Friday and Saturday after the success of her first cookery book, Celebrating the Seasons. Guests with a Gourmet ticket can go to a meet-and-greet farmhouse breakfast in The Flying Pig. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [LATEST]Clemmy age: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's daughter? [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen details how she deals with heartbreaking loss at Ravenseat [WATCH] They will also be able to attend the Gourmet Gathering with chef James Martin, a half-pint at Guy Ritchie’s Gritchie bar and ice cream sundae from Salcombe Dairy. Amanda recently announced her split from husband, Clive Owen, after 21 years together via a statement on Instagram. She explained to her followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together without our number one priority, the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. Amanda & Clive Owen." The couple share children Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sydney, Annas, Clemmy and Nancy, with Clive having children from a previous marriage. Clive and Amanda found fame in 2020 when their Channel 5 series Our Yorkshire Farm gave viewers an insight into their lives and how they raise their children on their farm.