Employees may be able to delay making the payment if they pay Class 1 National Insurance to more than one employer. People can also put off paying Class 1 contributions if they earn £967 or more each week from one job over the tax year or if they earn £1,157 or more each week from two jobs. This will usually be applied by paying a reduced rate of 3.25 percent on their weekly earnings between £190 and £967, from one of their jobs. This is down from the standard rate of 13.25 percent. Those who are self employed can no longer defer Class 4 contributions, but they can claim a National Insurance refund for previous tax years. To defer Class 1 contributions, the CA72A form must be filled in online or sent by post to HMRC. READ MORE: Smart meter alert: Engineer shares ‘basic’ ways you can save £40 a month on energy bills People who are applying online will need to set up a Government Gateway user ID and password. The form must be sent before February 14, 2023 if a person is self employed and before January 31, 2023 for self employed people. HMRC will check if a person has not paid enough National Insurance at the end of the tax year, and will write to an individual if they owe anything. To pay the difference, a worker will need to send a copy of their payslip and a cheque to the authority. DON'T MISSWASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss [LATEST]‘We should have the same!’ Woman, 67, laments frozen state pension [VIDEO]Barclays issues warning as Britons lose £1.5million to vicious scam [INSIGHT]  For those who do not have a payslip, they can send a letter instead, including their name, address and telephone number. The letter should also include their National Insurance number and details of the amount they are paying. The National Insurance threshold increased by £3,000 on July 6, meaning a tax cut for some 30 million workers. Britons will now not pay tax until they earn £12,750 and above. READ MORE: ‘An expensive waste’ - A quarter of a million more Britons cancel TV For those who do not have a payslip, they can send a letter instead, including their name, address and telephone number. The letter should also include their National Insurance number and details of the amount they are paying. The National Insurance threshold increased by £3,000 on July 6, meaning a tax cut for some 30 million workers. Britons will now not pay tax until they earn £12,750 and above. Ministers said this would result in a savings around £330 for workers. The lower threshold could mean many people lose out on contributions to their state pension. Workers usually need 35 years of contributions to receive the full new state pension, of £185.15 a week. Those who cannot reach the threshold can sometimes get credits to help towards their state pension. There are many benefits that come with automatic National Insurance credits. The benefits include: At present, the state pension age in the UK is 66, though this could rise in the coming years.