I am driven to despair after months of media-recorded madness to learn that Boris Johnson appointed a Whip accused of groping men after describing him as “handsy” and “Pincher by name and Pincher by nature”. And to cap it all the chap’s job was partly concerned with MPs’ standards and welfare. Could there be a clearer example of laxity in No 10? Nothing could be more off-putting to the “Red Wall” Boris painted blue unless it be Labour leader, Sir Kier Starmer, and his deputy. Angela Rayner, parading themselves at the London Pride festival. Both demonstrate metro-sexual values that do not go down well in the North. Then we have Nicola Sturgeon, the blight of Scotland, pushing hard for another referendum on independence. This is undoubtedly a case of manic obsession since the Scots have no idea what their currency would be – pound, euro or groat – or how they would sustain their privileged lifestyle – no university tuition fees for Scots or prescription charges. Then we have the public sector unions bent on strikes even though they will worsen the cost of living crisis, drive us deeper into debt and imperil jobs. Talk about walking off a cliff! This is not to mention the mad arrogance of some Civil Servants whether they work at home or in the office, frustrating Government policy on disentangling the UK from the EU and shipping illegal immigrants to Rwanda. Only idiots seek to thwart the public will in a democracy. Perhaps all Remainers should seek counselling. As a Halifax native I find it difficult to believe that its former building society which banked our savings is now requiring staff to wear “he” or “she” badges to avoid any confusion over what they think they are. Then, to add insult to injury, the Halifax tells investors that if they don’t like the idea to take their accounts elsewhere. This “get lost” approach to business is not as amazingly novel as it seems. It just about sums up the attitude of countless companies that hide behind an impenetrable telephone screen of Daleks while assuring us they value our business. I was fair capped, as they say in Yorkshire, when I read of a school requiring boys to wear dresses, not kilts. Wokery has clearly gone off the rails. And, sure enough, the Boy Scouts and Girl Guide Associations amply confirmed marbles have been misplaced.  The Scouts have issued £1.50 “transfun”, “bisexuaLfun” “lesbian fun” and “pridefun” badges. And the Girl Guides has advised members to learn 100 terms linked to gender and sexual identity. Lord Baden Powell must be kicking and screaming in his grave. Why can’t we leave youngsters to develop on their own account. Aren’t the zealots satisfied with the anti-social media’s corrupting siege of the young? Up then pops the Open University with a tender loving concern for its students by issuing “trigger” warnings in a classics course lest William Shakespeare and Jonathan Swift upset them. No wonder we hear so much about mental health – or lack of it – when the wokerati are undermining it every day. Shakespeare’s “Julius Caesar” and Swift’s “Gulliver’s Travels” never did me any harm. This catalogue of mad folly does not exhaust the evidence that there is something seriously wrong with the British mentality – or, to be fair, a substantial slice of the population. It raises the question as to whether there is any hope for us. Well, sanity has not entirely flown out of the window in Westminster. We have the MP for the 18th Century, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Minister for Efficiency, waging a Government-wide war against woke advice to Civil Servants.  Health Secretary (at time of writing) Sajid Javid has axed a senior job with diversity among its various human relations remits to save money. The truth is – Boris please note - we would all be healthier and better off if Human Relations Departments were slashed, appointments made on merit and staff allowed to get on with their jobs without nannying. Sports Minister, Nadine Dorries, has the right ideas by threatening to withhold funding for sports if they don’t stop male-born transgender individuals competing against women. And Attorney General, Suella Braverman, and Education Secretary, Nadhim Zahawi, have shown their heads are screwed on the right way. Let them be at the heart of a new revolution in Britain that protects the young, allows people to be what they want to be provided they damage no one else, does not assume we are all sensitive plants and allows responsible freedom of expression without censorship. Responsibility not rights is the keyword. But first of all Boris Johnson must end his lackadaisical approach to government. He – and we – can’t afford many more daft appointments. Government is a serious business. 