Thousands of British pensioners who live overseas have had their state pensions frozen due to where they live. As a result, many are forced to deal with retirement from poverty and hardship, despite having already made contributions to the UK. It is estimated that the frozen state pension issue affects around 500,000 older Portions around the world. This is the equivalent of four percent of all state pension claimants and half the pensioners living overseas. Instead of expats receiving an annual uprating to their payments, state pensions are frozen at the level first received for the rest of their life abroad. Due to this, pensioners are seeing their retirement payments decrease in real terms year-on-year. According to the All-Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on Frozen British Pensions, a pensioner aged 90 who has lived in a frozen country for all of their retirement would now still get a state pension of just £43.60 per week. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly In context, the same pensioner would have received £113.10 weekly if they had been living in the UK. John Duffy, the chair of the International Consortium of British Pensioners, discussed why it is “unfair” for older Britons living abroad to see their state pension payments frozen in this way. Mr Duffy explained: “Although we welcome the rise in UK pensions, we are hugely disappointed that the UK Government is continuing to treat British citizens living in an arbitrary list of countries unfairly. “This outrageously cruel policy is excluding pensioners, many of whom spent their working lives in the UK, and leaving them to face poverty and financial hardship.  “The UK Government could choose to end this policy now but instead continues to treat British pensioners across the world unequally, despite the contributions they have made to the UK. “We hope the Government will engage in future discussions to end this policy and give all UK pensioners the support they are entitled to, no matter where they live.” One woman named Patricia Coulthard shared how she has been impacted by the state pension freeze. The 100-year old said: “Since I moved to Australia to be closer to my children in my retirement, my pension has been frozen at just £46 per week. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “I am now nearly 101-years old, having been born in Britain and served as a nurse in World War Two. “It saddens me to think the UK Government does not believe I am entitled to the same support as other British pensioners living overseas. “Had I moved to a country such as the US, my pension would have increased throughout the years. “But as I moved to Australia, I am excluded from these much-needed increases. I hope the Government will finally put an end to this injustice” A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on gov.uk about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years. “We continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”