Arsenal would not immediately offer Levi Colwill a prominent role in their side if Chelsea were to sell the defender to them, according to reports. The Gunners are one of a host of Premier League clubs linked with the youngster. Colwill had an impressive spell on loan at Huddersfield last season. Crystal Palace, Southampton and Leicester are among the teams said to be interested in the 19-year-old. The Evening Standard says Colwill has also caught the eye of Arsenal. However, he wouldn't become a key figure for Mikel Arteta straight away. The report says Chelsea could be willing to sell Colwill this summer, which has alerted several teams. Palace are thought to be near the front of the race for his signature. The teenager came through the academy at Stamford Bridge, joining at under-9 level. New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is claimed to have held several meetings regarding the future of Colwill. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  Colwill is yet to make a senior appearance for the Blues, with the loan to Huddersfield his first taste of professional football. He played a key part as the Terriers suffered play-off final heartache against Nottingham Forest. Colwill would likely be a signing for the future for Arsenal. He is a left-footed centre-back, so would have Gabriel Magalhaes ahead of him in the pecking order at the Emirates. However, Gabriel has been linked with a move to Juventus. He could leave this summer, with the Independent reporting a £40m price tag has been put on the Brazilian. Even if Gabriel were to leave, it would seem unlikely Arteta would put faith in a 19-year-old as a first-choice defender. However, Colwill could be a long-term replacement. DON'T MISSChelsea told to make double attacking signing and sell two stars who are 'not good enough'Chelsea could deal huge Arsenal blow as Gabriel 'open' to £40m transferCristiano Ronaldo 'makes decision on £210m offer' as Man Utd change transfer stance  Arteta likes to have a balanced centre-back pairing of one right-footer and one left-footer. Pablo Mari fits the bill for the latter and has returned from his loan spell at Udinese, though could leave again before the window shuts. William Saliba is also back from his loan at Marseille. The France international is set to provide competition to £50m Ben White. Saliba played the majority of his spell at Marseille as the right-sided centre-back in either a back four or a back three. Arsenal were interested in signing Ajax star Lisandro Martinez, though he is now set to join Manchester United instead. Martinez is also left-footed and can play at both centre-back and left-back, as well as defensive midfield. Colwill is not as versatile as Martinez but can slot in at left-back if needed. 