Cristiano Ronaldo seems to be targeting Manchester United’s clash with Rayo Vallecano for his first appearance under Erik ten Hag, reports say. The Portugal international is yet to feature for the Red Devils during pre-season so far. And though he wants to leave, there’s still no indication he’ll get his way. Manchester United were rocked at the end of last month when Ronaldo told the club he wanted out. Frustrated by the Red Devils’ failure to qualify for the Champions League, having finished sixth under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, the Portugal international has no intention of playing in the Europa League. However, though Ronaldo still wants to go, he’s willing to be professional. Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid have all distanced themselves from talk of a move for the 37-year-old, who bagged an impressive 24 goals across all competitions last term. And the Daily Mail say Ronaldo seems to be setting his sights on featuring for United against Rayo Vallecano on Sunday. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The Red Devils are expected to send out a second string for that fixture due to the fact they face off against Atletico just 24 hours previously. Ronaldo can use the contest to increase his fitness, having not played since Portugal’s 2-0 win over Czech Republic on June 9. But he still wants to go and has supposedly asked the club to terminate his contract one year ahead of schedule so his wish can be granted. United, though, won’t be doing that with the Red Devils still insisting the Portugal international won’t be allowed to go. Ronaldo has been working hard in the gym throughout the summer, posting numerous pictures to his social media accounts to keep fans updated. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong However, he will have to be ‘reintegrated gradually’ as the Red Devils look to manage the veteran’s fitness levels throughout the upcoming season. Ronaldo received a warm reception at United from his team-mates upon returning to Carrington, with players happy to see him back. Yet where he ends up playing his football this season is something only time will tell. Fabrizio Romano has claimed Ronaldo would only consider a move to the MLS or Middle East as a ‘last resort’ due to his desire to play on. “Cristiano Ronaldo and his agent Jorge Mendes reiterated with Erik ten Hag that he would like to leave the club,” he told CaughtOffside. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Mendes will continue to push for Ronaldo to join the likes of Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid, despite both clubs turning him down publicly and privately. “No clubs in Italy have made contact with Ronaldo so far. Chelsea have gone quiet after Thomas Tuchel rejected the opportunity to sign him. “The signals from Ronaldo are clear – he wants a move to a European club, I think a move to the MLS or Middle East can only be an emergency solution.” United’s Premier League opener against Brighton on August 7 is edging closer. And Ronaldo is expected to be a substitute, at best, for that match. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United’s current attackers are flying in the veteran’s absence, with Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Martial all back to their best. And given their recent performances, the trio can expect to be deployed from the start when they face Graham Potter’s side next month. The Red Devils do want more reinforcements, however. Antony is one player of interest, having previously developed well under Ten Hag at Ajax. And Benjamin Sesko, of Red Bull Salzburg, is another - with the 19-year-old scoring as Liverpool were beaten 1-0 on Wednesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here