At the age of 61, Carol Vorderman could not be in better shape. The TV legend has given various insights into her rude health over the years. Her latest top tip to maintaining a clean bill of health is to undergo cryotherapy. Cryotherapy is fast becoming the latest craze in health and wellbeing. It involves sitting in a cold tank, also known as a "cryotank". The idea is that subjecting the body to freezing temperatures brings myriad health benefits. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, Vorderman touted the benefits of cryotherapy. READ MORE: Three personality traits that 'influence' longevity - seen in people aged 100 and beyond The TV icon continued: "It was -196 degrees. It was amazing. It's good for everything." Cryotherapy is growing in popularity and research is ongoing into its potential benefits. The evidence may be limited but it's promising. Among the list of potential benefits is pain relief. A study published in 2000 found that cryotherapy offered temporary relief from the pain of rheumatoid arthritis. DON'T MISSBlood clots: The nation's favourite drink could be to blame [ADVICE]High cholesterol: The sign on your hands - rings 'alarm bells' [INSIGHT]Stroke warning: Drug taken by millions increases your risk [TIPS] The research found that cryotherapy with ice packs could reduce the damaging effects of intense exercise. People who used cryotherapy also reported less pain. Another 2017 study, published in the International Journal of Sports Physiology and Performance, also supports the benefits of cryotherapy for relieving muscle pain and speeding healing. However, the study found that cold water immersion was more effective than whole-body cryotherapy. READ MORE: Daily coffee intake lowers risk of death suggests study - how much do you need to drink? It's worth noting that not all studies support the role of cryotherapy in muscle healing. A 2015 Cochrane Review looked at four studies of cryotherapy for the relief of muscle pain and found no significant benefits. Other potential benefits include: It's worth noting that the escalating claims of benefits and rising popularity of cryotherapthy led the FDA - the US drugs regulator - to warn consumers that, "if you decide to try WBC [whole body cryotherapy], know that the FDA has not cleared or approved any of these devices for medical treatment of any specific medical conditions". Likewise, Harvard Health is reserving judgement on the cold technique. The health body says: "One website offering WBC services recommended that customers perform their own search of the medical literature. That doesn’t exactly inspire confidence. "Another provided links to dozens of studies that varied so much it was hard to know what to make of them. For example, the temperatures of the cold chambers varied, as did the duration and number of treatments across studies." It adds: "Some assessed elite athletes or active adults who were generally young and fit, but still others enrolled people with chronic illnesses, such as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis. "And then there’s the question of how to define success. Each study had its own way of assessing the response to treatment."