The Duke and Duchess, 40, will watch the final showdown between defending champion Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios from the royal box overlooking Centre Court. This is Kate's second Wimbledon outing of the weekend as the tournament draws to a close. Kate was spotted with a protective arm around her eldest child, which one Twitter user described as a "treat". Kate introduced George to the All England Club's chairman, Ian Hewitt, who she described to her son as "in charge of everything here". The Duchess looked effortlessly chic with her brown hair down, donning a navy polka-dot dress with ruched sleeve detail for the occasion. She grinned as she walked towards Centre Court alongside Prince William, who looked smart in a beige jacket with pale blue shirt and complementary blue tie. As the couple made their way to the royal box, one royal fan cooed: "Love their outfits." Another added: "Wonderful couple in blue." Kate is expected to present the winning and runner-up trophies following the match, after she handed the Venus Rosewater Dish to Elena Rybakina on Saturday. The Duke and Duchess have attended a number of this year’s Wimbledon matches, including Tuesday’s quarter-final contest between Mr Djokovic and Italy’s Jannik Sinner. They also watched Britain’s Cameron Norrie beat Belgium’s David Goffin. READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges The Duchess could be heard complimenting Mr Norrie after he crashed out of the competition in the semi-final. She told a group gathered around her: “He had such a good game, he really did.” Taking centre stage for the women’s singles final earlier in the weekend, Kate was radiant in a canary-yellow dress as she chatted with professional players and Wimbledon staff. The Duchess is a patron of the All-England Club, and is seen sporting the traditional purple and green bow on each of her outfits. DON'T MISS: Kate’s parents to have kids 'for themselves' over summer [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: Tom Cruise couldn't take eyes off Kate at Wimbledon [LIVE] Britons condemn Prince Charles's future over 'cash for honours' - poll [POLL] On the thirteenth day of Wimbledon, the result was contentious as Russian-born Rybakina claimed the women's singles title. The 23-year-old, representing Kazakhstan, beat Tunisian Ons Jabeur. Rybakina played under the Russian flag until 2018, when she made the switch to the Kazakh colours for increased funding. Rybakina, ahead of meeting the Duchess, expressed her excitement for what she was sure was to be an "amazing" moment. She said: “It’s an honour and I’m going to be very excited for this moment no matter if I win or lose. "I think it’s just something to remember and it’s going to be amazing.”