Fire services across the country declared major incidents as emergency call centres were hit with thousands of pleas for help. Firefighters described the blazes that destroyed a number of homes and buildings in London as “absolute hell” with residents fleeing homes.  They received 1,600 calls for assistance and two people were taken to hospital for smoke inhalation. Wildfires were also reported in Wales, Scotland, and other parts of England as the dry conditions caused blazes. But police are investigating the possibility of the fires being caused deliberately, as a children’s nursery was destroyed along with a street in Yorkshire. Fire services in London, Hertfordshire, Bucks, South Yorkshire, Suffolk and Leicestershire declared major incidents after being hit with tens of thousands of calls.  Fire chiefs believe some deliberate fires were set on scrubland, trees, fields, rubbish, buildings and at a nature reserve. Brits turned to beaches, lakes, and even fountains in an attempt to cool off amid the record-breaking temperatures. Heathrow was the first to reach 40C, breaking the old record of 38.7C measured in Cambridge in 2019. But the hottest temperature was recorded in Coningsby in Lincolnshire at a staggering 40.3C.  READ MORE: Outrage over thirsty Queen’s Guard as UK on course for record A total of 34 parts of the country broke the UK’s previous record of 38.7C, according to the Met Office. Meteorologists calculated that Britain was hotter than 98.9 percent of the Earth’s surface. Scotland recorded its hottest day ever as temperatures climbed to 34.8C at Charterhall and Wales set its record of 37.1C in Hawarden, Flintshire. The extreme heat also left almost 15,000 homes in the North East without power as electrical equipment overheated. There have been further train delays reported today, despite the temperatures dropping overnight, as equipment and overhead rail wires were left damaged.  DON'T MISS:Angry Tesco shoppers sign petition complaining about self-service till [INSIGHT]Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS [COMMENT]'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change [PICTURES] Roads were closed as fires broke out alongside major motorways including the M25 and M1, with emergency services hit with thousands of pleas for help as cars were left stranded. Ambulances were out in full force after hundreds of cases of sunstroke were reported, leaving 111 overwhelmed. Greater Manchester Police said four fires were deliberate on moorland at Dovestone Reservoir near Oldham. Superintendent Phil Hutchinson said: “This is being treated as arson which, following conviction, can result in a lengthy prison sentence.” The UK is also being warned these temperatures could soon be the “new normal” as Britain starts to see wildfires, extreme heat and pressure on the water supply which has long plagued Europe. Families left homeless in Wennington after wildfires were first sent to a Premier Inn, before being sent to Hornchurch Sport Centre to sleep on air mattresses after the hotel lost power. 