Tyson Fury has told Thor Bjornsson he will come to Iceland and “set about him” in his latest jab at the Icelandic powerhouse amidst talks of an exhibition bout. The trash-talking between the WBC heavyweight champion and the former world’s strongest man continues to intensify. Despite Fury recently announcing his retirement in April, The Gypsy King looks to be lining up a blockbuster exhibition bout with the 320lb behemoth. Talk of the fight began to arise after Fury took to Instagram on Friday, to taunt Bjornsson, writing: "I wonder if Thor Bjornsson could take a crashing right hand to that big jaw? Who would have Thor's hammer? Would this mountain be too big to climb?" Bjornsson then replied on Instagram, stating: "Tyson, there's only one way to find out [if Thor could take Fury's punches]. Let's make this fight. I'm 100% up for war. Let's do this." Now, Fury has fired back and looks to have accepted the fight in the process. "I just finished a brutal session," Fury said on an Instagram story last night. "And I can only think about destroying one person; Thor, I'm coming for you, you're getting it sucker, there's only room for one big dog and that's me!" Bjornsson quickly responded to the callout, promising a ‘bloodbath’ if the fight gets signed: "I f***ing love this, Tyson. Me and you in the ring like f***ing vikings. This is going to be a bloodbath, but I f***ing can't wait. Let's do this!" Before Fury added: "Gypsy King is back on it this morning. Six days this week, twice a day! Thor, I'm going to come to Iceland and set about you, you big dosser. Get up!" Bjornsson recently made the switch to boxing in 2020 after breaking the deadlift world record. The Mountain dropped a staggering 132lbs in order to transform his body for the venture and has reaped the rewards so far. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua and Usyk refuse to look away during intense staredown in London KSI offers lifeline to Jake Paul as Tommy Fury fight at risk KSI and Logan Paul explain why trilogy fight unlikely  During his four-fight stint, Bjornsson has exceeded expectations. In his first two non-scoring exhibition bouts he took professional boxers Steven Ward and Simon Vallily the distance setting him up for a grudge match with fellow strongman Eddie Hall. However, Hall withdrew from the contest after sustaining a torn bicep during camp. Instead, Bjornsson faced arm-wrestling star Devon Larratt on short notice, stopping the Canadian in the first round. The Hall fight was then rescheduled for six months later with Bjornsson winning the six-round decision over his fierce rival.