The last Sagittarius Full Supermoon in June marked the critical midpoint of the year, helping to tie up loose ends and inspire optimism for the new. The New Moon in Cancer that followed came to propel you forward with self-trust and a strong intuition. Now, to bring more choices and change is today’s Supermoon in Capricorn. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for the Capricorn Supermoon. Known as the Buck Moon, this Supermoon - the second of the year - will occur at 6.37pm BST on Wednesday, July 13. Appearing bigger and brighter than usual due to the Moon’s closer orbit to earth, this Supermoon will not only be a spectacle for onlookers, but it also conveniently manifests everything the Moon has to offer in this transit. Kirsty said: “Powerful is going to be the word I’m giving you for this Super Full Moon. In every sense of the word. “This Moon is bringing big change, you’ve maybe been sensing its coming for a while, perhaps even the last few years. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee  “But this Moon is going to bring the reality check you need to finally make the change and step onto a new path and into a deeper sense of yourself.” This Moon will help draw up more profound, personal questions - whether you’re ready to face them or not - but with the best intentions. Kirsty said: “What in your life is no longer resonating with you? What is not in alignment with who you are and what you want? What is not fulfilling or satisfying you? Where are you holding on for fear? “And most of all, where have you been hiding from the truth, trying to convince yourself that it’s not so bad and you can put up with it?” READ MORE: Madonna, 63, 'thanks God for this grass and the moon' in odd ritual  The transiting Moon in Capricorn is always cautious and wise, evoking sensible and authoritarian energy that aids with measured thinking and self-assessing. Kirsty said it’s “a moon of long-term visions and looking at the bigger picture” so tends to shake up foundations, as “she only wants what is true, lasting, and long term to remain.” This Moon transit might be slightly more emotional - magnifying a harsh reality truths can often be hard to process - however, if you can use it to your own advantage and lean into it instead, you can expect to see clear decisions, direction and transformation come to the fore. DON'T MISS: Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found [INSIGHT]Can plants burn in the summer sun? How to protect your garden [EXPLAINED]‘Unnecessary stress’ - four things you should never do in a heatwave [ANALYSIS]    Kirsty said: “This Full Moon will shine a light on where you have given away your power and the freedom to follow your path to other people. “It wants you to stay in your own power and know that you are a powerful co-creator of your world and reality. “We only fear things when we are disconnected from our true source of power, looking to the outside world for safety, security, and stability. Look within, know your power, and know who you are.”  This Full Moon will elucidate what keeps you stuck and restricted, to help you let go and move forward into a brighter future. Kirsty said: “As scary as it may seem to let go and make changes, if you don’t do it now, you’ll never get to where you want to go. “Do something brave under this Full Moon that your future self will thank you for.” 