Kate Garraway is said to be in "survival mode" as the broadcaster is reportedly trying to stay positive amid her husband Derek Draper's health woes. The Good Morning Britain host previously revealed he had been in and out of hospital after falling ill with Covid back in 2020. The former political lobbyist is believed to be one of the UK's longest suffering Covid patients. The 54-year-old was readmitted to hospital two months ago - more than two years since he contracted Covid, with the virus causing major health complications and long-lasting damage to his organs. Kate, 55, recently had to pull out of her appearance on GMB in order to support her family. It has since been reported the on-screen journalist is trying to stay positive despite fears over Derek's health. READ MORE: Sheila Hancock: Growing old 'not for sissies' as she talks health woes "Kate's been incredibly strong throughout Derek's illness and has remained a pillar of strength for the family despite their entire lives being turned around, but right now she's in pure survival mode and is having to now face the possibility of her worst nightmare coming true if Derek doesn't make it out of this," they revealed. The source added to Closer magazine: "She's hell-bent on staying positive, not only for Derek but for herself and the children too." Express.co.uk has contacted Kate Garraway's representatives for comment. It was recently announced that Kate had stepped away from her broadcasting role in light of her husband's health decline.  Since his return from hospital after a 13-month stay, Kate has helped to provide Derek with around-the-clock care following his harrowing battle with the illness. The virus affected Derek's ability to speak and also left him with significant organ damage. Resilient Kate has released a book and two documentaries on Derek's recovery and the toll his illness has taken on their marriage and their two children. An ITV spokesperson has now confirmed the presenter will be back "as soon as possible". DON'T MISS... Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour[LATEST]Britney Spears gushes over ‘coolest guy ever’ Taron Egerton[PICTURES]Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless figure in plunging white swimsuit[INSTAGRAM] Speaking to Metro, they said: "Kate is taking some time off work over the next few days, and is hoping to be back to her normal presenting duties as soon as possible." Kate attended the TRIC Awards earlier this month and candidly spoke about Derek’s condition. Speaking to Simon Gross at the event earlier this month, Kate explained: “He's back in hospital I'm afraid so a bit of a downturn, but fingers crossed. “In terms of Covid, I mean when Derek got Covid there was no vaccine, there was no treatment, there were a lot of challenges. "Now we have those things, so on that level, yes, it's not gone away," she added. Kate's first documentary, Finding Derek, aired on ITV in 2021 and she detailed how she transformed their north London home to accommodate her husband's new needs. She also highlighted Derek's care and how the family has adapted to the change in a second documentary, Caring For Derek. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 