Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has failed in an attempt to bring Atletico Madrid midfielder Rodrigo De Paul to north London this summer, according to reports. The Italian coach has already welcomed five new faces since the end of last season, with Clement Lenglet becoming the latest player to join the club by signing on loan from Barcelona earlier this month. De Paul has previously been linked with a move to Tottenham on a number of occasions after impressing at Udinese before joining Atletico Madrid prior to the start of last season. Conte is a keen admirer of the 28-year-old and recently launched a move for his services but has since been rebuffed by the player himself, according to Tuttomercatoweb.It is said that Tottenham's offer was 'refused' by De Paul, who has no intention of walking away from Atletico Madrid after just one year at the Wanda Metropolitano. He registered 49 appearances for the Spanish giants in all competitions last season and is regarded by many as one of La Liga's finest midfield talents on his day.The Argentina international has also turned down proposals from a number of other European clubs, including Fiorentina, in order to commit to his current employers for the foreseeable future. It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will return with an improved bid over the coming weeks and months or if they will shelve their interest in De Paul as a result of his unwillingness to change clubs. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel confirms view on Robert Lewandowski De Paul was previously targeted by Leeds United before signing for Atletico Madrid last summer, with the Yorkshire outfit failing in their efforts to snap him up from Udinese. His eventual move to Spain appears to have worked out as the right decision, though, with Diego Simeone seemingly a huge fan of his all-round qualities in the middle of the park.Tottenham, meanwhile, have already improved their midfield ranks this summer with the addition of Yves Bissouma from Brighton and Hove Albion. It remains to be seen whether their pre-season activity in the market will stand them in good stead to challenge at the right end of the Premier League table next season, with former Liverpool striker Dean Saunders having already suggested that Spurs are just one or two signings away from troubling the Reds and Manchester City. "The manager is relentless," Saunders recently told talkSPORT. "He doesn’t just want to win something now, he’s not interested in four years he’ll have a good team, he wants to win something now or he’s off."He will be saying: ‘Let me know, Daniel Levy, if you don’t give me the funds to buy the ready-mades’. [Ivan] Perisic is ready-made, he’s going to improve them right now."I think they are a couple of signings away from having a right go at Man City and Liverpool." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here