Royal fans told Prince Harry he “can’t have his cake and eat it” amid his dispute with the Home Office. The Duke of Sussex lost the right to publicly funded protection when he stepped down as a senior royal and was told he could not privately pay armed police for the same levels of protection as the rest of the Royal Family during his visits to the UK.  The Duke of Sussex cited concerns over his family's security when confronted about his decision not to return to England with his wife Meghan Markle and children following their bombshell decision to quit the Firm in early 2020. But royal fans hit back, pointing out Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, who are not working royals, do not have the level of protection he seeks. Countess Commonwealth posted on Twitter: “REMINDER: Princess Beatrice and Eugenie lost their publicly funded protection in 2011, when they were 5th and 6th in line to the throne and before Prince George was born..."  Others suggested Prince Harry believes he is entitled to protection because he is the son and brother of future Kings, Prince Charles and Prince William. Golden Girls Quotes posted: “Harry has long had a chip on his shoulder and trouble accepting his place in the family hierarchy. All magnified by Megsy's influence over the past few years.” HeatherGillis18 said: “Can’t figure that one out. He no longer lives here his last visit only for hours not weeks. He has no intention of coming back or being a working Royal. Can’t have your cake and eat it “  MeidasMe tweeted: “Harry believes that he should be treated equally to his brother. Both as sons of Charles. “He doesn’t want to be reminded that he is no longer important as the spare. He wants to claim his royal lineage, but without the responsibilities.” myownopinion added: “I actually wouldn't put this one on Meghan. Harry, all by himself, I reckon, can't bear losing status because he always saw himself as a very big deal.”  Meghan and Harry lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the aftermath of their bombshell decision to quit royal duties to forge new careers and a financially independent life in California in 2020. Since then, the couple have relied upon a private security team in the US but the couple’s legal representatives argue this team does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep the Sussex family safe.  Harry has argued that he cannot ensure the protection of Meghan and their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana without the Met Police because of their access to UK intelligence. But the Sussexes returned to the UK last month to mark the Platinum Jubilee celebrations of Harry’s beloved grandmother, the Queen.  Their visit followed a security source in January telling the Mail on Sunday: "When Harry left The Firm the terms of his divorce were clear. Like other members of the public, he and his wife are not able to hire armed cops at will – no matter how much they offer to pay." Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie had their 24-hour taxpayer-funded police protection axed - back in 2011 in a decision which is said to have made their father Prince Andrew very angry.