Whether you are switching up the layout of an old room or decorating a new property for the first time, smaller rooms can be a challenge. According to Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms, the key to opening up the space is by “tricking the eye”. He explained: “It can be hard to know what to do with a small room and decorating it incorrectly can often lead to the room feeling much smaller than it is and can make it feel like a bit of a wasted space. “There are some decorating hacks you can do to make a small room feel bigger. The key things are to keep it simple, light and airy.” Though it may be tempting to follow the latest colour trends, when it comes to a smaller room, Mr Shacklock advises people to keep things simple and opt for white. He explained: “The brightness helps blend together the walls and ceilings which can help remove the boxy feel that small rooms often have. “White is reflective and makes any room feel light and airy, perfect for opening up a small space.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays Making the most of natural light can also work wonders to "open up the size of the room". Mr Shacklock recommends ditching the curtains and letting in as much light as possible. He added: "If you’re trying to make a bedroom look bigger then opt for curtains that are light in both colour and weight." If you are in the market to switch your flooring, the interior expert suggests staying away from carpets. Carpets, especially those in darker tones, tend to draw the eye and the room inward. Mr Shacklock said: "If you feel as though you really want carpet then go for a lighter colour that will reflect the light." DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [EXPLAINER]Easy 55p natural solution to unblock drains in 10 minutes [INSIGHT]Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach [COMMENT] Not only does the amount of furniture in a room create a crowded appearance, as does the overall style. Mr Shacklock said: "Try opting for furniture that has legs so you can see the floor underneath the object. "Being able to see the floor gives the illusion of more space and it will help make the room feel less cramped." Reflective materials like mirrors are a great way to create an enlarging effect in smaller spaces. The reflection of the room and the light creates depth and makes it look as though there is more space than there really is. The placement of your furniture is essential in how big or small a room looks. Mr Shacklock said: "Try not to have bits of furniture scattered all over the room and aim to keep some of it clear and empty. "Having a bit of a walkway will expose a lot of the floor and will open up the feel of the room." Whether you're a collector of souvenirs or have a penchant for ornaments, no matter how pretty your displayed items are, they can create a feeling of chaos in tight spaces. According to Mr Shacklock: "Simplicity is key to making a room feel more open and having too many things out and displayed on shelves, tables and counters will only make the room feel more filled and cramped."