   Alison Hammond has left her fans in hysterics after breaking her silence on Dermot O'Leary’s “b***h” comment in the most dramatic way possible. The star showed her Instagram followers that she had taken it all in good fun when Dermot accidentally used the swear word live on This Morning on Monday.      Dermot, 49, made the unfortunate faux pas when Alison teased him about his hair on This Morning. Alison, 47, took to Instagram today to poke fun at her ITV colleague in view of her 1.1 million followers. Showing there were no hard feelings, she uploaded a clip of herself parodying Meryl Streep’s character Miranda Priestly in the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada. Tagging Dermot, Alison lip synced along to the dialogue: “And then when we get back to New York we need to contact Lesley. READ MORE: Piers Morgan savages Prince Harry over 'miserable' speech    “And see what she can do to minimise the press on all this.” Alison even embraced Miranda’s style, wearing some big pink shades and a black, large-brimmed hat. Alison’s comments section was inundated with laughing emojis from her various pals, including This Morning’s Josie Gibson, Great British Bake Off’s Laura Adlington and Celebs Go Dating’s Anna Williamson. “SCREAMING,” Love Island’s Olivia Attwood commented with three laughing emojis.      “The best!” Dermot added, reconfirming that there was no bad blood between the pair. Yesterday, Dermot left fans of This Morning in tears of laughter after accidentally calling Alison a “b***h” live on air. As the pair showed a clip of Dermot’s early days on Big Brother's Little Brother, Alison swooned over his shorter hairstyle. "You looked hot back in the day. Look at you with a bald head," she said.       "You should so go back to a bald head. Why don't you shave your head off? Look how fit you looked." He replied: "Let's call my wife now and see if she'd like me to shave my head off. See how well that would go down." "You were so good at that show," Alison added. Dermot then joked: "Just at that show?". When Alison responded "yeah", he raised his water glass and laughed, adding: "Such a b***h."      Once he realised what he said, Dermot looked embarrassed, as Alison quickly apologised for his language while struggling to keep a straight face. It was recently rumoured that the pair had a feud, but ITV have since addressed these reports. "Despite the challenges of starting their on-screen partnership during a pandemic, Alison and Dermot have developed a firm friendship and their chemistry has proved a ratings success,” a spokesperson for ITV said. "Since the pandemic ended, the pair are now able to enjoy socialising together post the show and have enjoyed spending time with each other's families too."   