Millions of Sky and Virgin Media customers are in for a treat later this week with a new channel launching on these two premium platforms. The content boost comes thanks to a major revamp of the current Syfy channel which is being re-branded and improved. From July 26, those switching on their set-top box will find a new channel which is now called Sky Sci-Fi. The satellite telly firm is promising that this service will be packed with new shows along with plenty of sci-fi classics. To kick things off, Sky Sci-Fi will show the long-awaited release of SurrealEstate - a paranormal series featuring cast members Tim Rozon and Sarah Levy. It has been revealed that series FROM, will hit screens on launch day for the very first time in the UK. The 10-episode series unravels the mystery of a nightmarish town that traps all who enter. Also announced is the zombie series Day of The Dead, inspired by George. A Romero’s horror movie, starring Keenan Tracey and Natalie Malaika. Along with those series, Sky Sci-Fi will offer a selection of Premiere TV movie titles such as Bullet Train Down, Thor: God of Thunder and Bram Stoker’s Dracula and the channel has also acquired Stephen King’s sought-after mini-series: IT and Salem’s Lot. Fiction fans will still be able to find their favourite shows on the channel, with content such as Star Trek, Stargate and Quantum Leap all being broadcast. Speaking about the channel upgrade, Zai Bennett, Managing Director, Content Sky UK and Ireland, said: “From space adventures to futuristic fantasy, Sky Sci-Fi will be joining the host of genre-led brands launched in the past year and will offer a new universe for viewers to explore. The re-brand will make it easier for people to find exactly what they want, with fan favourites, a multitude of on demand content, as well as a burst of exciting new shows for sci-fi fanatics”. The change will come into effect from 11 am on Tuesday 26 July with Sky fans finding the channel on 156. Virgin Media users able to tune in via channel 138. Sadly, unlike some other services such as Sky Arts and Sky News, Sci-Fi won't be available on free platforms such as Freeview or Freesat. That means those wanting to tune in will need a Sky Q, Sky Glass of Virgin Media TV contract. Find all the best Sky TV deals and Virgin Media offers below. • BEST SKY TV DEALS HERE • BEST VIRGIN MEDIA DEALS