Princess Beatrice attended the National Service of Thanksgiving on June 3 as part of her granny - Queen Elizabeth II's - Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She looked absolutely stunning, however, her outfit was far from original. The York Princess wowed in the Ahana Chambre dress from Beulah London just last month as she stepped out to celebrate HRH. The official website described the dress: "Our best selling Ahana has been crafted in a delicate blue, with a longer sleeve length appropriate for colder months. "This dress is an elegant choice for any season. "It is crafted from wool crepe and shaped to a fit and flare silhouette with a short stand neckline and sweeping skirt that's belted at the waist for a figure-defining fit. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice: Expert on the royal's 'fashion fails' "Note the charming button-front offering a classic look." The dress is currently retailed at £775 and is available to buy. Princess Beatrice paired her classic gown with a blue fascinator, complete with a gorgeous statement bow, and a pair of off-white pointed-toe pumps. In keeping with the blue theme, the royal carried a petite blue clutch in the same hue as her dress. The Princess looked undeniably beautiful in blue, however, this wasn't the first time a royal had stepped out in Beulah London's Ahana gown. The stunning Kate Middleton, another royal style icon, wore the same dress just last year at Wimbledon. However, rather than go for the blue option, the Duchess opted for a dress in the colour "blush" pink. As opposed to her cousin-in-law's gown, Kate's Ahana dress is an "elegant choice for summer", according to the website, as its sleeves are cropped rather than long. READ MORE: 'True Fergie style': Sarah Ferguson wore wedding tiara post-divorce Interestingly, Kate's dress is currently retailed at £695 - £80 cheaper than Beatrice's. Kate paired her look with nude slingback heels. And instead of a fascinator, she showed off her long tresses with bouncy curls. Royal fans could not help but point out the similarities between the two royals' looks and compare. Instagram user @dogsandduchesses commented: "The blue of Beatrice's dress is gorgeous!" @mariahsmartin seconded this: "Love both, but Bea wins this round!" @sweethomewithpriscilla said: "I love the look on both ladies but Bea looks amazing with the coordinating hat and the lovely blue shade." @anhollingsworth added: "Kate can do no wrong but I'm gonna go with B on this one, she nailed it - her sister needs to take notes."