The Conservative MP claimed that ongoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson's Cabinet were making incorrect decisions that needed to be handled by different Government departments. Mr Ellwood claimed ministers at Number 10 t were undertaking tasks without vigor and determination. The Conservative MP called for the 'big beasts' to be moved to the Frontbecnches in order to run Government departments. LBC host Andrew Marr said: "Are you suggesting that there needs to be a new structure at the centre of Government? "A genuine reform and change the way it works or just the personnel, just the people?" Mr Ellwood said: "I think we absolutely have to do that, I'd absolutely agree with that at the moment it seems that there are too many plates spinning for Number 10 to handle at any one time. "And what they were doing was making decisions that really should've been slid across to different departments. "Allow them to actually get on with these things, domestic both internationally. JUST IN: ‘Desperate’ Putin authorises over 100 new laws in a day including Hitler-esque youth group     "Everything was being done in Number 10 too slowly, without the sense of vigor and determination, coordination." Mr Marr added: "So cut back on the Cabinet Office and return to old-fashioned Cabinet Government, is that the mordent message?" Mr Ellwood said: "You know we need to have the big beasts, the talent on the Frontbenches running those Cabinet departments. "Given the legitimacy and the confidence that they can actually step forward, rather than sycophants being given the jobs and actually taken sitting on our Backbenches." Mr Marr added: "The sycophants being the current Cabinet I take it." READ MORE:'Conviction Brexiteer!' Penny Mordaunt's allies fire back following Lord Frost attack     A Cabinet reshuffle will take place when the new Prime Minister takes the position over from Boris Johnson. Many political experts have been worrying if Mr Johnson will have a position. Many MPs are hopeful the new Prime Minister will sort out major issues that people around the country are facing, such as the cost of living crisis and inflation. Tom Tugendhat vying to be the next leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister has been backed by Tory MP Jake Berry. Mr Berry has backing Mr Tugendhat and has discussed why it's a good thing that he hasn't been in Government before. Many Britons and some MPs want a completely new Cabinet due to the mess made with Mr Johnson's one. DON’T MISS: Oil price slump: Cost for crude plunges below £80 for first time since Russia invasion[INSIGHT]Businesses at risk as 'record high' recruitment problems threaten economic recovery [REVEAL]Horror as Russia accused of using ‘stolen Western weapons’ to ‘cover up’ war crimes [SPOTLIGHT]  Mr Berry told LBC: “Look at the mess that politics has been in for the last two years - engulfed by sleaze. “I do think we need a clean start. “We’ve got great candidates but lots of those candidates are very closely tied to the previous Government.” He added: "What Tom brings, probably his greatest weakness, I’m sure he’d admit that, but also his greatest strength, is that he hasn’t been in Government before. “My experience of polling is basically that when I ask my association who they want to go for they say the people they’ve heard of. “As they get to know Tom, they will see that, as a former soldier, as someone who can offer a clean start, I think he will be hugely popular. “I think the crucial test for him will be when he gets to the TV debates.”  READ NEXT