Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has suggested it could be Frenkie de Jong or bust in his summer search for a holding midfielder. Despite confirming that the Red Devils are looking to sign a player capable of operating in a deeper role, Ten Hag is set to stick to a strict recruitment strategy no matter the cost. United's pursuit of De Jong started before the summer transfer and has reached a critical stage after Barcelona accepted a £72million bid, including add-ons. However, significant deferred payments owed to the 25-year-old could prove fatal to hopes of completing the transfer. After a decade of poor recruitment under Ed Woodward, there has been a renewed focus on quality over quantity under United's new Richard Arnold-led regime this summer. And given De Jong's status as Ten Hag's stand-alone priority summer transfer target, minimal alternatives have been touted. Speaking ahead of United's third pre-season game on Tuesday, Ten Hag insisted the club would only sign the right players rather than pursuing a De Jong alternative for the sake of it. He told the media: "We are looking for a player who can play in the holding midfield position, but it has to be the right one. There are not many in that position capable of the level we demand." JUST IN: Ten Hag's concerns over Martinez re-emerge to hint at at Man Utd role  Continued uncertainty over De Jong's arrival has prompted concerns that United could go another summer without recruiting a midfielder capable of playing a deeper role. And Ten Hag admitted that if the correct fit doesn't emerge, he's ready to work with the players currently at his disposal to try and 'develop' a holding midfielder. "When we can't find him, we have to deal with the players in our squad now, and we will develop one in that position," Ten Hag added. "I will not react to a certain player. We need the right player. We have a list, and we qualify the player who has the competencies to play that role. We will strike the moment the player is available." READ MORE: Spurs close to selling Mourinho favourite described as 'emergency guy'  The United squad Ten Hag has inherited doesn't contain a single senior player recognised as a natural holding midfielder after Nemanja Matic's summer exit. Fred, Scott McTominay and James Garner pose as the most likely candidates to develop, but the former has thrived as an energetic box-to-box player in the last 12 months. With Christian Eriksen's arrival further limiting minutes in attacking midfield, Donny van de Beek's future could also lie in a more defensive role. But hopes will still be high at United that De Jong will join before the summer deadline, given Ten Hag blatantly views him as the heart of his Old Trafford rebuild. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt