Tottenham have dropped a huge transfer hint after leaving Giovani Lo Celso, Tanguy Ndombele, Sergio Reguilon and Harry Winks out of their squad for their summer tour to South Korea. The Spurs squad is set to head to Asia on Saturday evening ahead of two exhibition games. Spurs won their first three games of last season to go top of the Premier League but then suffered a downturn in fortunes as previous boss Nuno Espirito Santo ultimately lost his job. Antonio Conte subsequently took charge in north London last November and guided the Lilywhites to a fourth-place Premier League finish and Champions League qualification. Conte has been busy in the transfer market since taking the helm and secured Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur from Juventus in January. This summer the Italian has also added a string of big-name players to his ranks as Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic, Clement Lenglet and Fraser Forster have all put pen-to-paper on deals at the club. And that means the Spurs boss could now be looking to trim his squad to get rid of the players he deems surplus to requirements. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star   Lo Celso wasn’t able to muster much gametime under Conte and was shipped off to Villarreal on loan at the end of January. The Argentina midfielder actually played in the Champions League semi-final last season - but that experience doesn’t appear to have changed his manager’s stance on him. France international Ndombele, meanwhile, has proven to be an enigma for Tottenham since joining the club from Lyon for £53.8million in 2019. He is clearly a prodigious talent but has struggled to command a regular starting place under all of his Spurs managers and was shipped out for a temporary spell with his former club last season. DON'T MISS Hakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea future Juventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circle Ronaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future    Left-back Reguilon was in and out of the team last season under Conte, while midfielder Winks was a bit-part player. And with none of the quartet able to secure their place on the plane for the trip to South Korea, it appears their days in north London could be numbered. Meanwhile, Clement Lenglet will also miss out on a place on the tour as he hasn’t been able to obtain the relevant documentation to go to South Korea. Joe Rodon will be absent through illness, while youngsters Alfie Devine and Dane Scarlett have been given further time off following their success in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship with England earlier this summer. Spurs will play a K-League All-Star team in the Coupang Play Series during their stay in Asia before taking on La Liga giants Sevilla. 