TOWIE’s Yazmin Oukhellou, 28, has spoken out for the first time since she was involved in a fatal car crash that killed her boyfriend Jake McLean, 33, earlier this month. She explained that she had travelled to Turkey to visit her on-and-off partner when they decided to rekindle their romance. The couple had been partying with friends before driving back to where they were staying.In the car, Yazmin fell asleep and only woke up when it was going off the cliff.The reality star said the car was “tumbling for what seemed like forever”.It eventually stopped upside down and Yazmin’s right arm was stuck behind her back under the folded roof. READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen opens up on 'stress and pressure' Yazmin told The Sun: “I tried to honk the horn with my foot and I couldn’t.“I could just feel my arm absolutely covered in blood. It was like I was lying in a hot bath, there was so much around me.“At the same time, I was trying to wake up Jake... I didn’t want to admit it to myself that he could be dead.“So, I thought, I can either lay still and bleed to death, or snap my own arm to try to save us. I had no choice.” As adrenaline kicked in, Yazmin managed to escape the vehicle and ran to get help.Luckily, there was a man walking his dog who was able to wrap his top around her arm to stop the bleeding and before an ambulance arrived.Tragically, there was nothing else medics could do for Jake and he was declared dead on the way to the hospital.Yazmin added that she has been left traumatised by the incident and says she will need therapy “for a while” as well as considering “in-patient treatment”. DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason[INSIGHT]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles[LATEST]Top Gear’s James May details worries at home after move with partner[NEWS] Yazmin and Jake are thought to have first began dating in May last year and confirmed their relationship in December with a loved-up photograph shared to Instagram.They split shortly after and had been on-and-off ever since.  Former Big Brother star Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace penned on Yazmin’s most recent photograph: “Praying for you, worried sick, you are so precious.”Musician Rick Live wrote: “Sending love and prayers. You can do this Yaz.”Emma echoed: “Just seen on the news! Prayers sent your way.”And Sonny wrote: “Hope you are well Yaz God bless sending you prayers and love.”