Victoria Beckham has told how she and husband David have banned their 10-year-old daughter Harper Seven from having social media. In a new interview the fashion mogul, 48, opened up on her anxieties surrounding social media platforms and giving daughter Harper access amid fears she could be body-shamed. The mother of four said: "Seeing how cruel people can be [online] yes, it really does [concern me].' "Harper isn't on social media, so we don't have to worry about [body-shaming] just yet." However, despite the Spice Girl admitting that the thought was "terrifying", Victoria told how she's helping Harper navigate her pre-teen years. She went on: "She's at that age where her body is going to start changing, but it's about making sure that we communicate a lot as a family and she surrounds herself with nice friends. READ MORE: Corrie's Harriet Bibby hits out at co-star for 'nightmare' jibe "But it is quite terrifying, I can't lie," she said to Vogue Australia. It comes as David and Victoria are celebrating their 23rd wedding anniversary in Paris today. Taking to her stories, the fashion designer sparked a fashion war between her and David as they documented their outfits of the day. Wearing a canary yellow t-shirt and white chinos, David started explaining his outfit as he walked towards a large mirror. However, his wife of 23 years decided to chime in at the same time: "So we're, what?" she exclaimed as David confronted her. "I had it first," he said, looking less than happy as Victoria said: "You inspired me!" Turning the camera round, the former Spice Girl revealed that she was wearing a maxi-dress of the same hue. In a later story, Victoria shared a loved-up snap of her and David posing together in the matching outfits. DON'T MISS... Vera Wang, 73, looks half her age in skintight outfit at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Bradley Cooper, 47, looks almost unrecognisable with grey hair [ANALYSIS]Victoria Beckham leaves husband David fuming as she steals his style [UPDATE] She wrote: "Still matching 23 years later! @davidbeckham," followed by a yellow heart. The loved-up duo travelled to Venice from Paris on the Orient Express. Victoria's parents Jackie and Anthony Adams joined them as well as her brother Christian. David had also marked their 23rd anniversary with a throwback snap of he and Victoria drinking a cocktail from the same glass. He wrote: "Love you," followed by "Anniversary 23", while tagging his wife. The couple's eldest son Brooklyn was quick to wish them a happy anniversary as he shared a sweet family snap. "Love you guys," he captioned the pic.