George Clooney, 61, has received numerous accolades for his work in Hollywood as an actor and producer and the actor shows no sign of stopping. But an inside source has claimed George will not let anyone "talk him into slowing down" even his wife, Amal Clooney, 44. George has been married to top lawyer Amal since 2014 and nothing but good things has been heard about the pair's marriage. However, it's been claimed that the Hollywood actor has sparked concern due to his back to back work schedule, leaving many to worry for the actor's health. A source told a US publication: "George is driving himself like a man half his age and no one can talk him into slowing down, not even Amal. "He’s go go go all the time! READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "There is concern the adrenaline will run out!", the source added to GLOBE. Express.co.uk contacted George' representatives for comment. The publication has previously reported about Geoge's intense work life affecting his health in 2020. The Ocean's 11 actor had been diagnosed with pancreatitis. The pancreas is a small organ, located behind the stomach, that helps with digestion. And pancreatitis is a condition where the pancreas becomes inflamed and swollen over a short period of time. George believed at the time this was due to his strict diet requirements before making the sci-fi drama The Midnight Sky. He admitted: "I think I was trying too hard to lose the weight quickly and probably wasn't taking care of myself." The source continued to say of the actor: "He's got half a dozen projects going at once and he's producing and writing and starring. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, stuns as she STRIPS down to tiny black bikini [INSTAGRAM] Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong [LATEST] Chloe Madeley stuns fans in naked pregnancy snap [PICS] "Even in the age of Zoom meetings, he can't make deals remotely. "They want to see him in the flesh, and he's often jetting in on 24-hour turnaround for quick meetings." we can only take 3/4 lines from one story - please paraphrase this Amal and George put on a loved-up display this week as they were pictured on a romantic date night in Italy. The pair arrived hand-in-hand to the lake view restaurant by boat from the Hollywood actors mansion. Amal stunned in a white lace mini dress, featuring a light ruffle. The Lebanese-British barrister accessorised with a gold clutch bag and drop earrings. She styled her signature brunette tresses in loose waves. George looked very dapper in a two-piece grey suit partnered with an unbuttoned white shirt. You can watch George in Ocean's Thirteen at 10.45pm on ITV