Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle stepped in to present ITV's This Morning whilst usual presenters Holly Willoughby, and Phillip Schofield are off for the summer holidays. Josie is a big hit with This Morning viewers when she appears on the show to present holiday segments, however, they were shocked when she was sat front and centre on Monday morning and became distracted by her appearance. Introducing the show with Craig Doyle, Josie was wearing a long metallic grey dress with a subtle black flowery pattern. Adding to the glamorous dress, Josie's hair had been curled and her eye make-up had been darkened to match the gown. Taking to their Twitter accounts, many fans were quick to praise Josie's appearance, with @LordSnodgrass praising: "Wow Josie!!! #ThisMorning" along with love heart face emojis. Traylor Holmes exclaimed: "So glad Josie’s back. And she looks gorgeous." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin @newcastlenut commented: "#thismorning Josie looking amazing!" and Carmela simply complimented: "Josie looks stunning #ThisMorning." However, not all viewers were a fan of the glam look that Josie was sporting, as @Rise_and_grind7 noted: "Josie looks a bit overdressed like she’s trying too hard #ThisMorning." @S829MLY added: "I'd rather see a normal Josie rather than one that's been photoshopped #ThisMorning." @welchy1987 fumed: "I love these, Josie is naturally beautiful, so why so much make-up around the eyes #ThisMorning." (sic) Josie recently opened up about her summer residency on the ITV show and admitted she couldn't wait to get started. Speaking to Entertainment Daily, she exclaimed: "It is a massive, massive deal, and I still can’t believe they trust me with the job! “I feel so honoured. If you had said to me: ‘One day, you will be hosting This Morning‘ – the biggest daytime TV show in the UK, I would have probably burst out laughing. "Never in a million years did I think I’d be doing something like this. But I can’t wait – I love working at This Morning so much, I’ve got the best job ever!” DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby recalls ‘bursting into tears’ over wedding ‘stress’ [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield's farewell to Holly Willoughby amid natural selfie [LATEST]This Morning fans in tears as 10-year-old meets stem cell donor [WATCH] She added: “Now and again, I’ve got to give myself a little talking to – because I sometimes get imposter syndrome. “What am I doing here? How did this happen? How did I get myself into this?” Whilst Holly and Phil are off for the summer, a mixture of presenters will be coming together to keep the show moving. Ruth Langsford is set to return to This Morning alongside Rylan Clarke for a few weeks over the summer. Rochelle Humes and Andi Peters taking the reigns from Josie and Craig in the coming weeks. This Morning isn't the only ITV show that has seen a cast change as Ranvir Singh stepped in for Lorraine, and Charlotte Hawkins has taken the reigns from Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain. Discussing the breaks from the chat show, This Morning’s editor, Martin Frizell, said: "I’m delighted that This Morning will continue to air throughout the summer weeks with such a varied and talented mix of hosts that I know viewers adore. "Each partnership will bring something new and exciting to entertain viewers each morning across the nation no matter what the weather will be like outside this summer!" Holly and Phil will return on September 5 after a much-deserved summer break. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.