Prince Charles "changed the law of this country" in order to get his properties in the Somerset village of Newton St Loe "excluded" from the Leasehold Reform Act, which meant that "if you were a tenant you had the right to buy the lease of your property and end up owning it". Charles' involvement was exposed after papers from the National Archives revealed Major's minister gave in to the royal's requests to "avoid a major row". Speaking to James Whale on TalkTV, former Labour MP Steven Pound discussed Charles' political deal. Mr Whale asked Mr Pound: "Stephen, when was the last time she [the Queen] objected to something?". Mr Pound responded: "Well, she didn't but Prince Charles damn well did", adding, "very very recently". He added: "In the Leasehold Reform Act, which went through one of those boring pieces of legislation but meant a hell of a lot to people. "It meant that if you were a tenant, you actually had the right to buy the lease of your property and actually end up owning it. READ MORE: Meghan Markle abandons 'any pretence of royal neutrality' with remarks in new interview "Prince Charles raised the point, very very strongly" during the John Major Government. Mr Whale, interrupting Mr Pound, said: "I've got to stop you because you are making this up. "If Charles did do that, if Charles tried to stop legislation going through, then he should be ashamed of himself and no one should take any notice of him." Mr Pound continued: "What it was, the properties owned by the Duchy of Cornwall were excluded from the leasehold reform act, specifically excluded. READ MORE: 'You lardy a*** c***!' Royal cop recalls Prince Andrew's abusive slur at Buckingham Palace "His point was, that this was a model village in many ways, and if the tenants were able to buy the leases and God alone knows what they could, [they] could put in plastic windows. "What the point is [is] that Prince Charles changed the law." He added: "We had a deal in this country, we paid for someone to squeeze toothpaste for him and in return, he stayed out of politics. "We know that he wrote to every single Prime Minister. "We know he got involved", adding, that the Queen would "never ever soil her hands with that [sort of thing]". DON'T MISS Meghan Markle slammed by Republicans for wading into politics [REPORT]Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [REVEAL] Among the unearthed documentation, found by The Guardian, were letters and internal memos dating back to the autumn of 1992 showing the Prince of Wales had taken a "close personal interest" in the small village, insisting his properties in the areas should be excluded from the legislation In September 1992, a legal team acting on behalf of Prince Charles informed the Government of the royal's concerns about the legislation's impact on his properties Newton St Loe, arguing they should not have the right to buy off their leaseholds. According to the papers, Whitehall official JE Roberts passed on details of the Prince of Wales' position to ministers, noting that "the difficulty is that the Prince of Wales takes a close personal interest in the development of this village”. Mr Roberts added: "It has been made clear to me that if the government wish to press ahead on this issue, the prince will wish to discuss it at the highest levels. "The Prince of Wales is likely to come back on Newton St Loe. Ministers will then need to decide whether it is worth fighting him on the issue.” Details of the exemption only came to light in 2002, and upon the discovery of the memos, a spokesperson for the Duchy of Cornwall pointed out only a small number of houses were affected by the sale ban. The duchy spokesperson said: “The Duchy of Cornwall estate is exempt from leasehold reform legislation but has agreed to act as if bound in, apart from in a very small number of specifically identified areas including Newton St Loe. "As you can imagine, we do not discuss individual leaseholds.” READ NEXT: