The photo is tipped to show the Duchess of Cambridge’s “natural warmth” as she speaks to a young girl. Kate will be smiling and holding a posy of flowers in the photo, a close-up of the Duchess after the Sandringham Christmas service in 2014. The photo will be unveiled as part of Historic Royal Palaces’ Life Through A Royal Lens exhibition. The collection reveals a series of never-before seen images of the Royal Family that were taken by the public. This will include a photo of the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh when they were dating in 1977. Another will depict the Prince of Wales on horseback during a polo match in the mid 1980s. Kate’s new snap was taken by Amy from London, who explained the event. She said: “I’ve often been to Sandringham with my aunt to see the royals on Christmas Day as my family lives nearby in Lincolnshire. “Kate was asking a young girl about her Christmas dinner plans and had been given so many flowers she could barely hold them all. “It was so worth getting up early and standing in the cold to take this photo, which I think shows Kate’s natural warmth and affinity towards children.” Nearly 1,000 images were submitted following an appeal to the public to share their own memories of the Royals in the Platinum Jubilee year. Of these, 50 were chosen to be displayed. The Kensington Palace exhibition also includes work by renowned photographers Norman Parkinson, Rankin, Annie Leibovitz and Cecil Beaton. Another image shows the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh driving past crowds of well-wishers in Derby during the Silver Jubilee of 1977. The monarch is seen in another photo smiling broadly despite the rain at the opening of The Lowry theatre and gallery complex in Salford in 2000. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry to snub Balmoral visit 'Too busy!' [REVEAL] Meanwhile, Prince Charles appears in a black and white picture on horseback in Oxford in the 1980s while playing polo. A more recent image captured the Queen, dressed in bright yellow, and her daughter, the Princess Royal, travelling side by side in a carriage at Ascot in 2018. Claudia Acott Williams, curator at Historic Royal Palaces, told the PA agency: “The digital display they will form is an amazing way of sharing these unique moments in time, to appreciate just how special those interactions with the royal family are to the participants, and to illustrate how photographs create a lasting sense of connection. “They will be shown alongside the work of world-renowned photographers and will help to bring to life the story of royal image-making in this Platinum Jubilee year.”