With inflation and energy bills on the rise many families will be looking at ways to save and make some extra cash to put towards the increasing costs. The Help to Save scheme allows people on a low income, or who claim certain benefits, to open a special account to help them add to their savings. The savings account is backed by the Government offering a bonus of 50p for each £1 that is saved over four years. Britons can pay in between £1 and £50 each month and can pay in as many times as they want. For example, if someone has saved £50 by July 21, they will not be able to pay into their account again until August 1. This means that if a person pays in the full £50 each month, they will receive £1,200 over the four years. READ MORE: 'Will result in huge benefits!' Couple explain how they cut bills by over £1,000 a year At the end of year two and year four, people are paid a 50 percent bonus. The scheme is available to 3.5 million British people who are claiming Universal Credit, Working Tax Credits and Child Tax Credits. It's deposited into an easy access account, so savers can make withdrawals if they need to. However Britons should be aware that this could impact the overall bonus that's available. Even people who are unable to save money at the moment could open an account whilst they are eligible, because putting money into it is not mandatory. Although the scheme is not available to everybody, it could help many benefits claimants put some money away for a rainy day. It's estimated around 500,000 households may now be eligible to claim Universal Credit. Freedom of Information data obtained by investment group AJ Bell found that just 2.5 percent of those on Universal Credit currently have an account and are paying in the maximum amount. READ MORE: 'Going to change my life': Pensioner in tears after boss gives her £16k towards retirement Only 6.5 percent of those on Universal Credit have an account open at the moment. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “The reality is that the scheme has been poorly advertised, so lots of people aren’t aware of the perks on offer if they were able to put a bit away each month. “This is coupled with the fact that lots of people on benefits just don’t have spare money to put away each month, even if they wanted to. “These figures also pre-date the current cost of living crisis, and it’s inevitable that the number of people saving the maximum £50 a month will slump this year, as will the number of people using the scheme at all.” She continued: “Only those two percent or so of Universal Credit and Working Tax Credit recipients already maxing out their Help to Save allowance should sensibly consider a Lifetime ISA as well. “And even then, they would need to accrue a total of £16,000 across all their accounts before it impacted their tax credits – which is a pipe dream for many on benefits. “For anyone who does have spare cash at the moment this is a hugely valuable incentive they can take advantage of. “The flexibility of the scheme is one of its massive perks, as savers can withdraw the money whenever they need it and they will still get a bonus equivalent to half of their highest balance, so they aren’t penalised if they need to take out some cash before the two-year bonus period is up.”