Gardeners' World is back on BBC Two tonight (July 1) at a new time of 7.30pm. Monty Don is back offering his expertise on growing vegetables and displaying fuchsias. Fans are keen to find out more about the gardening expert, including his real name. Monty Don is a broadcaster and writer who has been presenting the BBC's Gardeners' World from his own home for many years. He was born in Germany and raised in England, making his TV debut in 1989 on This Morning. Monty then became the face of his own shows on the BBC and Channel 4. As well as his TV work, he has written a number of books and magazine columns. His real name is Montagu Denis Wyatt Don, but he was born George Montagu Don in 1955. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret He is the youngest of five children to British parents Denis Thomas Keiller Don and Janet Montagu. His father was a career soldier who was stationed in Germany when Monty was born. After his birth, his parents changed his name to Montagu Denis Don due to a family dispute over the name. When he was 10 years old, he added his mother's maiden name, becoming Montagu Denis Wyatt Don. The TV star opened up about why his name was changed. A 2019 edition of Gardeners' World magazine features an article called The Full Monty. Monty had written: "I have my birth certificate open before me. A little dog-eared and worn, the handwritten form is still very legible. "It says that I was born in Iserlohn, West Germany, at five minutes past midnight on July 8, 1955. "It also has my name as George Montagu Don. However, this has a single line passed through it in different ink and in another, smaller hand is written Montagu Denis, to replace the George. "The intention had been to name me after my two grandfathers – George Don and Montagu Wyatt." DON'T MISS...Monty Don and wife 'lost everything' as they were left almost bankrupt [INSIGHT] Monty Don shares how gardeners ‘must’ plant their sweetcorn [EXPLAINER] Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air [INSIGHT] He went on to explain how Montagu Wyatt had died a few months before he was born. His paternal grandfather, George, said he thought Montagu was an "absurd" name and should be removed. He added: "However, my parents, standing up to the old bully for once, removed his name instead. "Which is why I am called Monty, shortened from Montagu, Don." He went on to say how he had quite a strict upbringing as a child. Monty will be taking a break from Gardeners' World after tonight's episode, handing the reins to Adam Frost. On Twitter, he said: "The end of two days (hot) filming for next week’s GW (1.7.22). “It is Hampton Court Flower Show the week after that and then we are off air for some reason so will not be back at Longmeadow until July 22nd. “So it goes every summer when the garden is at its best.”  Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 7.30pm.