Manchester United are set to face Liverpool tonight in their first match under Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is hoping to secure victory as he looks to make his mark at Old Trafford, having already impressed players in training. However, he’s without a number of players he’d ideally like to have at the current moment in time. David De Gea is expected to start in goal for United tonight. The Spain international is a stalwart at Old Trafford and impressed last term, managing to keep Dean Henderson at bay - who has since proceeded to join Nottingham Forest. It’s possible Diogo Dalot will play at right-back, with Ten Hag hoping to get the best from the Portugal international. While they still have Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Dalot is more in line with what his new manager wants due to his prowess going forward. At left-back, Ten Hag is primed to start Tyrell Malacia - who remains their only summer signing so far. Harry Maguire, too, should feature despite the England international only just returning from his holidays. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings But while Victor Lindelof is likely to go alongside the 29-year-old, Ten Hag would ideally have Raphael Varane there instead. Varane is currently injured and didn’t train with the rest of the squad on Monday, plunging his involvement in upcoming matches into doubt. United have Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay, Fred and James Garner as potential options for midfield. But, if Ten Hag had his way, he’d also have Frenkie de Jong in his squad by now. United remain keen on a deal for the Barcelona star, despite murmurings from Catalonia that he’s not interested in moving. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong They’re hopeful of landing the Netherlands international, especially after spending over 50 days locked in talks. But with a money issue holding up De Jong’s move to the Premier League, he isn’t yet available for selection. Ten Hag would also have liked Christian Eriksen to be signed by now, who could operate in the No 10 role. Yet while that’s not happened, United are hoping the Denmark international signs in time to join the rest of the squad. Had moves for the duo gone through, it’s feasible they’d have been played alongside each other against Liverpool - with youngster Garner then given the chance to impress. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Up top, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford could be deployed on the flanks. In an ideal world, however, Cristiano Ronaldo would be available for selection in the No 9 role. Ten Hag was asked about the Portugal international on Monday, amid the 37-year-old’s desire to leave Old Trafford for a team playing in the Champions League. "No, we are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo for the season and that's it and I'm looking forward to working with him,” he said. "I have read but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk. That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together. "What I said before, once again, I had a really good talk together." With Ronaldo missing, though, United could have to get creative. And that means youngster Alejandro Garnacho could be involved, potentially as a false nine. Man Utd XI Ten Hag would've liked to play Liverpool in full: De Gea, Dalot, Maguire, Varane, Malacia, De Jong, Eriksen, Fernandes, Rashford, Ronaldo, Sancho