Novak Djokovic is well aware that he's in the twilight years of his career and doesn't know "how many Grand Slam opportunities" he will get heading into Sunday's Wimbledon final with Nick Kyrgios. Djokovic came back from a set down to beat British No 1 Cameron Norrie on Friday to reach his eighth Wimbledon final. The world No 3 has been unbeatable at Wimbledon for the past few years now, with his last official defeat coming way back in 2016. He's won the last three Wimbledon singles titles and has made no secret that he wants to finish his career with all the records. Djokovic is still two Major titles behind Rafael Nadal after the Spaniard won in both Melbourne and Paris this year. And he's also looking to overtake Roger Federer as the king of Wimbledon as the Swiss tennis icon currently holds eight titles in the British slam. Standing in Djokovic's way is Kyrgios, who is playing in his first ever Grand Slam final. Djokovic will be the outright favourite given his impressive record of winning 20 slams from the 31 finals he's competed in. JUST IN: 'Please don't' Nick Kyrgios makes Federer, Nadal and Djokovic plea  But at 35 years of age, Djokovic also admits that he won't have many more opportunities to win more Grand Slam titles. "I'm aware of what's on the line. I mean, every match, every Grand Slam that I get to play at this stage of my career, there is a lot on the line," Djokovic said. "I don't know how many Grand Slam opportunities to win the trophy I will still have, as I will have in few days' time. So, of course, I'm approaching it with positive attitude and self-belief and willingness to win. There's no doubt about it. "How do you balance that? Well, it's really subjective. Every player is different. I can't, and I don't want to speak about all the details and routines that I have that make me feel well-balanced and prepared. But there are things that I do in order to make myself mentally, emotionally, and physically well-prepared. DON'T MISS  "Again, that's not a guarantee because on the court a lot of things can happen. There's so much going on, pressure and expectations. Sometimes you're able to handle it better than your opponent; sometimes not. "But the experience that I have at this level, playing in the finals against someone that has never played a Grand Slam final, could be slightly in my favour. But at the same time, knowing who he is and how he goes about his tennis and his attitude on the court, he doesn't seem to be falling under pressure much. "He plays lights-out every time he steps out onto the court. Just a lot of power in his serve and his game. So I'm sure he's going to go for it. No doubt he's going to be aggressive. I expect him to do that. "I'm going to make sure I get ready for that one and let the better player win."