Carol Kirkwood has talked Britons through the latest weather maps, telling BBC Breakfast on Thursday that temperatures are  "warming up" as we head into the weekend. The weatherwoman added that "going to feel humid" as a news pressure front brings in rain, cloud, and sunny spells. Ms Kirkwood told BBC Breakfast: "In some rural areas temperatures are still in single figures. "But for most, we are looking at double figures. "There are a lot of clouds around and we have also got some showers across eastern parts of Northern Ireland into through northern England, heading northwards through southern and central Scotland. "Cloud will build across northern Scotland later, here we will see some sunshine initially before showers develop, and we will see a few showers develop in Wales as well." JUST IN: August heatwave update: When will mercury soar again? "But some of this cloud, particularly along the coast will break and more of us will see some sunshine here," she added. "Temperatures 14 to 23 degrees." Ms Kirkwood continued: "As we head through the evening and overnight if anything many of the showers will fade. "But the showers across north Wales, northern England and southern Scotland could well pep up." The weatherwoman added: "Tomorrow, the high pressure is ending away for most, we have got a ridge hanging on in the south. "Low pressure starts to come in from the north-west and that is going to introduce some rain, thicker cloud and also strengthening rains. "So we start with the showery outbreaks of rain across northern England and southern Scotland that tends to fizzle as it pushes eastwards. "Then there will be a lot of dry weather, just a few showers some sunny spells more sunshine tomorrow actually than today. DON'T MISS: BBC Europe weather: 'Intense' heat to give way to 'heavy' thunder [REVEAL] Kent, Hertfordshire and Essex drought: Latest South East rain forecast [REPORT] Weather warning: New study highlights 'very serious threat' [INSIGHT] "But the wind will pick up across the northwest heralding the arrival of that clutch of fronts, "But it is also warming up 27 in London, 21 in Glasgow and also Belfast. "Now as we head on into Saturday, remember the front is coming in from the north-west it is going to be pushing gradually south and east." "It is going to feel humid as well," she warned. READ NEXT: