Ezra Miller — who uses they/them pronouns — has been in the spotlight for over a decade, starting their film career at the age of 16. Now 29, they have found themselves at the centre of numerous controversies and scandals. But could the disruption have its roots in the ruthless attention that stardom brings? Miller was set to bring the much loved comic book hero The Flash to life with its first stand alone film after the 2017 box office flop Justice League. They were already a well-known face in Hollywood by this point, playing Credence Barebone in the Harry Potter franchise spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them in 2016. Many believed Miller had simply popped out of the woodwork from relative obscurity, but this was not the case. They had actually been acting for almost a decade by this point, with a slew of dark and somewhat disturbing characters attached to their resume. While others in their age group like Selena Gomez were starring in classic children’s shows, Miller’s roles were in complete contrast. READ MORE: Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ when kids are with ex-wife Their breakout role in 2008’s Afterschool saw Miller's character witnessing and accidentally filming the drug related deaths of twin sisters. This role was followed by their starring moment in 2011’s We Need to Talk About Kevin, a psychological drama about a fictional school shooting. In just their second role in film, Miller’s character kills both their sister and father before opening fire in their school with a bow and arrow. Following We Need to Talk About Kevin, Miller would have a handful of light-hearted roles in television before returning to film to co-star in the 2015 drama The Stanford Prison Experiment. Now, psychotherapist Beverley Hills, who has a background in the entertainment industry and runs her own private practice in London, has suggested that more empathy might be shown to Miller. However, Hills told Express.co.uk: “What we do know is that this person is in some kind of emotional distress, probably exacerbated by existing conditions and expectations. “This young person is presenting as angry, probably in denial and possibly disorganised, and needs our empathy not our judgement.” Hills noted that it is not hard to speculate what type of effect negative press would have had on Miller. She said: “All this global attention and speculation, especially from people who don’t seem to have his best interests at heart, wouldn’t help anyone’s mental health let alone whether they had a condition or not. “Adversity, in general, sells. Press limits are being pushed even further, privacy is a thing of the past, and once your anonymity is gone, it's gone forever. “Producing negative press is all about generating income no matter who gets hurt in the process. And, if the person in question is triggered so much, the better for the press because it is yet another headline. “Sadly, this attitude often has a tragic aftermath.” The psychotherapist said that when living under the spotlight of public life, events that “seem normal to us [non-famous people]” could be enlarged out of proportion by celebrities, as well as that celebrity’s reaction. In regards to Miller's darker roles, Hills said: “Bringing up real emotions for the stage or screen naturally takes a while to contain them again, often resonating for years. “The majority of performers don't just decide to take on a role. “People assume most actors possess power that is far above their own pay grade. “However, other influential figures in the industry make choices about the cast based mostly on who will sell the product.”