Daniel Ricciardo has admitted he had "unfinished business” with McLaren and intends to stay at the team despite rumours of a possible F1 exit. The former Red Bull and Renault star said he didn’t want to leave F1 as he made his intentions to stay in the sport clear ahead of the French Grand Prix. The Australian explained how he wanted to “draw a line under” the rumours and stressed he was “not backing down” from the challenges of getting good results for the team. He said: “Am I going to get out of [F1] or whatever? No! It’s not what I want, and there’s unfinished business. Not only in the sport but with the team, with McLaren, and I want to do it. “I also wanted to address – as you know, there's a lot of people in the factory, all these race teams, there's hundreds of people that work from the factory that don't come trackside and obviously don't get to see everything, don't get to see me on a race weekend as well, and [see] the work I'm putting in or whatever. “So also for them, if they're just reading some headlines on, like, what's Daniel's future, is he going to move to another team again – but they're trying to develop the car for me, and it's like, 'What's Daniel going to do?' I just wanted to remove any doubt from them as well. READ MORE: Max Verstappen backed up as Daniel Ricciardo slams F1 fans “I wanted to address them and be like, 'Guys, I'm in this with you.' I just wanted to draw a line under it. I’m basically not backing down from any challenges. Obviously we’ve faced a few over the 18 months and all of that sort of stuff. But simply this. “I would love to swear if I could – but this stuff means a lot to me.” His comments come a week after Ricciardo took to social media to confirm his intentions to remain in F1 between races. Posting on Instagram and Twitter, the 33-year-old said he was still committed to the team. He wrote: "There have been a lot of rumours around my future in Formula 1, but I want you to hear it from me. "I am committed to McLaren until the end of next year and am not walking away from the sport. Appreciate it hasn't always been easy, but who wants it easy.” DON'T MISSRicciardo explains team-mate 'fear' and change in Norris partnership [COMMENT]Ricciardo on McLaren pressure, realistic goals and being 'too nice' [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo's McLaren future plunged into further doubt [ANALYSIS] McLaren CEO Zak Brown previously admitted Ricciardo was not meeting the team’s expectations after a difficult start to the campaign. He added the team were “not where we want to be” with Ricciardo as he hinted he could be dropped from the race team if results don’t improve. Ricciardo has only recorded point finishes four times this season with a highest position of sixth. Meanwhile, team-mate Lando Norris has picked up eight points finishes and even bagged a podium at Imola.