As the cost of living crisis and inflation bites, Tory leadership hopefuls are promising tax cuts as a way to help Britons. But the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned against this, saying taxes may even have to go up. Mark Flanagan, who leads the Fund's UK team, said this week: "I think debt-financed tax cuts at this point would be a mistake." The IMF and other organisations have predicted that the UK could endure the highest inflation and lowest growth in the G7. People in the UK are already paying the highest tax burden in around 70 years after National Insurance was hiked last year. Inflation is also seeing more people pay wealth taxes such as inheritance tax. The levy is paid on any value over £325,000 – this threshold was frozen until 2026. Due to inflation, more and more people are now being hit by the duty – it has previously been estimated that around four percent of people pay inheritance tax. Analysis recently carried out by law firm JMW Solicitors found that families are being made to pay an added £154,400 to the Treasury. As a result of the threshold being frozen, the Office for Budget Responsibility predicts the Treasury will earn £6.7billion in inheritance tax in 2022 to 2023, up from a record-high of £5.4billion in the last tax year. An expert told the Telegraph that this will leave many people making tough choices. Rob Morgan, of investment service Charles Stanley, said: “It is not unusual for an inheritance tax bill to be several hundred thousand pounds. “Families could struggle to pay large bills and therefore be forced to make some difficult choices – such as selling a family home.” He added: “People who a decade ago would never have come close to the threshold may well now find themselves in it, particularly those who live in regions of the UK where house prices have been especially buoyant.” Rishi Sunak was the Chancellor when the inheritance tax freeze and the National Insurance hike were announced. As he vies for the job of Prime Minister in the Tory leadership contest, his record on taxes is coming back to bit READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons could pay a lower rate His former colleague in Government, Jacob Rees-Mogg, branded Mr Sunak a "socialist" Chancellor as he said he would refuse a job in his Cabinet should he win the Tory leadership contest. Mr Rees-Mogg said: “I think as a chancellor, he made decisions that were of the left rather than on the right, that he was a tax increasing Chancellor. I didn’t support the decisions he made.” His rival in the race, Liz Truss, has also attacked the former Chancellor's record on taxes. The Foreign Secretary has said that Mr Sunak's National Insurance hike was a "mistake", adding that he had left the country headed for a recession. DON'T MISSInheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero [INSIGHT]Britons call for end to inheritance tax [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: Don’t caught out by the 7 year rule [INSIGHT] Ms Truss continued: “We have got the highest taxes for 70 years and we have got lower debt than the United States, than Japan, than Canada. No other countries are raising taxes.” The economy in the UK has continued to struggle as inflation hit a 40-year high at 9.4 percent in June. This is due to products such as petrol and food becoming more expensive. The Bank of England has warned that inflation could surpass 11 percent by October.