Meghan Markle and Prince Harry moved to the USA in March 2020, just at the beginning of lockdown. They spent their time at home decorating and putting together their new mansion. What does it look like inside? An interiors design specialist from Hi Spec Design, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain the recurring themes inside the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s home. They said: “The property itself is built very similar to a European style villa, and its interior reflects that as well. “Throughout the property, there is the recurring theme of traditional 18th-century design, with quite a lot of classic trends. “It would be difficult to say if the property is more to Harry or Meghan’s influence. “Naturally, you would think that from the European traditional influence that it could be more Harry’s style, but it also fits perfectly with Meghan’s sophisticated aesthetic.” There are a lot of cream, white and gold interiors inside the Duke and Duchess’ home, which is evident from Zoom interviews they’ve done. What does this reveal about the couple’s tastes and personalities? The expert continued: “The white and cream are calming, neutral colours and the gold brings a little bit of extra special detail into the home, without being over the top.  “Based on this, you could say that these neutral tones are a reflection of their personalities and that they do not like to be too 'flashy'.” How different is this home in Montecito, compared to the more traditional royal homes in the UK where Harry grew up? The expert added: “Kensington Palace is much more a classic British home, compared to the villa in California. “The traditional interior style may be similar in some ways.  “Although during the era that Prince Harry was growing up, there is likely to have been more 1980s or 1990s influence than the villa, such as baby pink fringed sofas that have been seen during interviews.” During the Invictus Games earlier this year, Prince Harry made it clear he and his family have firmly settled in California. He admitted: “Home for me now is for the time being... in the States and it feels that way. “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have a great community in Santa Barbara.”  Photos reveal the Italian-inspired villa to house a games room, a gym, a library, a wine cellar, a cinema and much more. The royal couple also has a pool, a tennis court, a gym, a spa and a guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother Doria visits. With 7.4 acres, there is plenty of space for Archie, Lili, and Meghan and Harry’s dogs to play. A source close to the couple said: “There’s a cool playhouse in their garden and Archie loves running around the lawn with the dogs. “He’s at the age when he can’t keep still,” they told the American OK Magazine. 