It's believed Thomas Campbell, 38, was the victim of "a targeted attack" but his cause of death has not yet been disclosed publicly. Detectives are investigating, though, after Thomas was discovered lifeless at a house in Tameside, Greater Manchester, on Sunday morning. The dad was jailed for two years in 2019 at Manchester Crown Court for concealing criminal property. He and his wife Coleen, both 35 at the time, splurged £10,000 on just one holiday; had a double-storey extension to add a bar and bigger kitchen at their house; and spent a fortune on designer clothes and jewellery. They were brought down after police began investigating "the Campbells' involvement with cocaine supply" in Clayton, Manchester. A judge found the couple benefited from crime to the tune of around £100,000 - a sum police said they spent in around five years. The court heard the pair spent "extravagantly"; holidaying in Cancun; Gran Canaria; Bulgaria; and buying BMWs, Audis and Mercedes cars. Coleen worked part-time Matalan and received working tax credits, the court heard. Thomas had been unemployed since 2008, but abruptly declared himself a self-employed fitness instructor when he became aware he was of interest to the authorities. But police had already linked him to a network of dealers, Manchester Evening News reports. The pair paid for a 10-day holiday to Cancun with £10,000 in cash. They travelled to the Mexican city with their children in "premium seats" and stayed at the five-star Hard Rock Hotel. Their accommodation included a hot tub, 24-hour room service and an Xbox. During the holiday, they also chartered a motorboat. The pair also enjoyed holidays to Sharm el-Sheikh and a resort in Bulgaria. High-powered cars with personalised number plates were also acquired. Thomas bought a black 6.3 litre Mercedes AMG for £42,000 on a finance agreement. His wife bought a black BMW X5, which also had a personalised number plate, and cost £16,500. The court heard the pair frequently "traded up" their vehicles to more expensive cars before the end of the finance agreement. A further £60,000 was spent building a two-storey side extension at the couple's home in Bamford Street, Clayton, the court heard.  Prosecutors said the "dirty money" came from family connections and close associates, but the court did not hear specific evidence on the sources of the cash. Passing sentence, Judge Martin Rudland locked up Thomas for two years, while Coleen was spared jail. She received a 16-month sentence, suspended for two years.  Following Mr Campbell's death, tributes have been paid to him on social media. Meanwhile, friends and family gathered in Clayton on Tuesday evening to release balloons in his memory. In an update issued this morning (July 6), police said the investigation into Mr Campbell's death is continuing to progress. They are continuing to appeal for anyone with information - "no matter how small" - to come forward. Detective Inspector Mark Davis, from GMP’s Major Incident Team, said: "This was a horrific attack on a man in his home and our thoughts are very much with the family who are understandably distressed and wanting answers. A team of detectives have been working around the clock to find those responsible in what we believe at this time to have been a targeted attack. "A number of lines of enquiry are still being carried out but I would ask anyone with information to come forward – no matter how small it may seem. Information, images, video or dashcam footage can be easily submitted to https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP22G12-PO1 or at our website or via LiveChat at www.gmp.police.uk.  "Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111." 