On Monday, American actor and former boxer, Mickey Rourke made an appearance on the TalkTV show where he opened up about meeting the Russian President, Vladimir Putin. Rourke then broke down in tears as he discussed the country’s ongoing war with Ukraine.  During his incredibly candid interview with Piers Morgan, The Iron Man 2 star also detailed how his impression of Putin had changed after first meeting the leader in 2014. Rourke was asked to disclose his feelings about the President after an image of him wearing a Putin t-shirt had resurfaced. The 69-year-old clarified: “That was 2014. I just want to make that clear. “I went over there in 2014, and there was some sort of event where entertainers from the States came over and he was dancing with Sharon Stone.” READ MORE: 'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder He continued: “He was actually singing a song at a piano and then he invited me specifically to go to his hometown in St Petersburg to visit a home that took care of little, tiny children that had incurable cancer. “That was really heartbreaking to go to and I was talking to all these little kids and I remember I gave a rosary of mine to one of the little girls. “And I looked over at Vladimir and I could see somebody that was genuinely concerned about where we were and someone who was empathetic and he was there for a sincere reason.” Rourke then became upset during the interview after being quizzed on his latest impression of Putin after Russia’s recent invasion of Ukraine.  The actor explained his confusion: “That’s the thing that blows my mind, because it's like two brother countries and I don’t understand what he wants. “Not only combatants are getting killed but old people are getting killed, young people are getting killed, schools are getting targeted, hospitals are getting targeted.” “All that is not right,” Rourke added. His emotion began to manifest into tears as Rourke recalled an image he saw of an old man amidst the war in Ukraine. DON'T MISS...Morgan calls Kyrgios 'monumental a**hole' in Wimbledon loss v Djokovic [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan tells BBC to force Sue Barker u-turn - '30 years younger' [INSIGHT]Mickey Rourke: Actor shocks fans with unrecognisable face [INSIGHT] The Wrestler actor detailed: “I saw a guy, an image of a man who was looking at a hole, at a ditch. “He was looking for… I put myself in the position, he was looking for his brother and that kind of struck home with me and bothered me a lot.” Rourke stated: “And made me think [Putin] he’s doing really terrible, bad things and I wish some kind of little bell would ring in his head or heart and he'll wake up and just stop all this. “Then I saw a picture of a man, an old man laying shot on him on a bicycle and the old woman shot on a bicycle.” During the interview, the animal-loving Rourke then began to fight back tears as he spoke about which image affected him the most.  “But the image that bothered me the most, I saw this old man old in a little grey kitten and the old survived his house being bombed. “He lost five family members and the only thing he had, it’s kind of hard for me to talk about it, the only thing he had was this little grey kitty.” The choked-up star admitted: “I looked at that image… and I said how can I have anything to worry about? Losing a movie? Or I'm having a bad day? “I'm looking at this old guy holding a little kitty that crawled out from the rubble and that's all he had, he lost five family members. “Ever since that day, I've said prayers for that man and for the two old people I saw on the street,” Rourke concluded. Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV, Monday to Thursday, 8pm (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, Freesat 217 and Sky Glass 508) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV 