Prime Minister Boris Johnson has signed a landmark new Research, Science and Innovation Arrangement with New Zealand to further boost cooperation between the two countries in those sectors. The new deal, will deepen bilateral relationships between the two countries, and offer UK scientists more collaborative options after being frozen out of EU projects. The two countries are set to cooperate in "wide-ranging" sectors, from joint research and development of new technologies, to boosting quantum technology in the UK. The agreement is also said to involve visits and exchanges of scientists, which is particularly crucial to researchers in the UK after they were blocked from accessing EU's Horizon Europe funds after disputes over Northern Ireland erupted. Horizon Europe is the EU's £80billion research programme that allows scientists from participating nations to access EU grants and collaborate with European researchers Now, the UK is collaborating with New Zealand’s Ministry for Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) to deliver the agreement, which will support the ambitions set out in the UK’s Integrated Review to develop strategic science partnerships and strengthen the UK’s presence in the Indo-Pacific region. Science Minister George Freeman said: “This is another step in our Science Superpower mission to widen and deepen our post-Brexit global science programmes.  "Today’s agreement with our New Zealand allies and partners represents another victory for our bilateral relations in science and innovation, particularly in the Indo-Pacific, where we are also building strong working relationships with Australia, Indonesia, Japan and South Korea. "This is in addition to the Science and Innovation Memorandums of Understanding I have now agreed with Israel, Switzerland, Sweden and Canada. “As I made clear at the recent G7 science summit in Frankfurt, and at the 47-nation Eureka Innovation Summit in Lisbon last week, the UK is more committed than ever to deepening our international research collaborations." For Britain, this agreement grants UK researchers more access to New Zealand's niche capabilities in areas such as quantum technology, which is something the island nation is a world leader in. READ MORE: British farmers handed huge lifeline with new £35bn Gulf trade deal The country has made major investments in the Dodd-Walls Centre for Photonic and Quantum Technologies over the next seven years, and has a world-class reputation in quantum optics, photonics, and precision atomic physics. Mr Freeman continued: “The agreement made today will give us the chance to deepen our collaborations with New Zealand’s outstanding science and the research community in a number of areas, from space, quantum and photonics, to Antarctic research and Agritech. “The combination of our long-standing UK leadership in plant and animal science with New Zealand’s world-class AgriTech eco-system will also provide an exciting opportunity to build partnerships and collaborations, showcasing the best of UK innovation in efficient farming, and helping UK businesses grow and scale while enabling access to global markets.” The agreement will promote joint work between "our most innovative businesses and brightest researchers, while supporting our ambition to become a global Science Superpower and Innovation Nation", according to a statement by the Department of Business, Energy, and Industrial Strategy. The UK government has also announced the Innovate UK Global Business Innovation Programme (GBIP) in AgriTech with New Zealand today, which is an endeavour that aims support innovative UK businesses to build high-potential connections with New Zealand’s AgriTech industry. According to BEIS's statement: "The programme will enable access to New Zealand businesses, universities, labs and investors, allowing innovators to work with their counterparts to develop solutions to common industry challenges, such as advancing the use of robotics and satellite data for more efficient and precise farming. "British SMEs will also be supported in bringing their products and services closer to global markets. "Recruitment for eligible individuals is planned to commence today." 