And it’s thanks to the courage of parents, whistle-blowers and ex-patients that it’s happening. Because as we all know taking on the trans brigade can mean professional and/or personal ruin. For those who don’t know the what the Tavistock is it’s the UK’s only dedicated gender identity clinic for children and young people. In recent years thousands of vulnerable, frightened young people have passed through its doors in need of help, advice and guidance. But what many ended up getting was puberty blocker drugs which can do irreversible damage to their young, developing bodies. And they were being given these drugs because staff weren’t properly looking into the reasons why they wanted to transition in the first place for fear of being slated as transphobic. And worse, some members of staff were telling these confused youngsters that the effects of those drugs were “fully reversible” without having any evidence for saying that. So, supposedly responsible people were being allowed to change the lives of teenagers forever, fast tracking them into changing gender too quickly without proper assessment. And their treatment plans were being influenced by transgender right groups, says a new independent review into the Tavistock. Just think about that for a minute. We now live in a world where NHS staff - the supposed guardians of our health - were so scared by bullying, aggressive trans activists that they were prepared to irreversibly change young people’s lives forever, in order not to upset them. Other countries have already banned the use of these puberty blockers for children. Sweden has forbidden their use in Under 18s and a leading paediatrician there says they” chemically castrate” kids and mess with their mental health. France too has stopped them. And even here there were concerns that not only could they cause infertility but they could interfere with the full development of adolescent brains. Yet, still the Tavistock was doling them out to kids as young as ten. How the Hell did they imagine that a ten-year-old would have the capability to give informed consent to that? The short answer is they couldn’t. Yet that didn’t matter – they were still being administered. This is a scandal of epic proportions and it’s been allowed to happen because the gutless weasels at the top of almost every organisation in this country now live in terror of upsetting trans activists. This lunacy has to stop. How many young lives have been ruined because of the cowardice and irresponsibility of these people? A former patient at the Tavistock, Keira Bell, went to court in 2020 claiming the clinic hadn’t challenged or explored her decision as a 16-year-old to transition to a male. In her case the court ruled that Under 16’s lacked the capacity to give informed consent on treatments that delay puberty. Incredibly this was overturned by the Court of Appeal which ruled that doctors could judge if Under 16’s were capable (or not) of giving informed consent to puberty blocker use. I’m sorry but that’s wrong too. No doctor or therapist should be allowed  to confirm or deny the identity of anyone they take into their care. Their job is to advise them not to make decisions on their behalf. After the court case Keira Bell said there needed to be more mental health support for young people who are questioning their gender: “I went through a lot of distress as a teenager. Really I just needed some mental health support and therapy after everything I’d been through.” What she got was puberty blockers at 16, testosterone shots at 17. And at the age of 20 she had both breasts removed. Her voice was also permanently changed. And then she realised she was never meant to be a man and that her gender dysphoria was a symptom of her depression and her sense of abandonment as a teenager - not the cause of it. How many more Keira’s are there out there who have passed through the Tavistock’s doors. How many more young people, like Kiera, are now having to de- transition which in itself is traumatic. According to Keira there’s a lot of them. What the Hell does that to the mental health of someone who has already been through so much. Kiera, says she holds the Tavistock responsible for not looking into her problems more:” But at least,” she says: “Many children will be saved from going down the path I went down.” In recent years doctors, nurses and parents have frequently raised concerns about what was happening at the Tavistock but mostly their worries were ignored or swept under the carpet. But in 2018 came a dynamite report from the then staff governor, David Bell, who said patients were being exposed to “long-term damage” because the clinic couldn’t stand up to pressure from “highly politicised” trans campaigners and families. He said the Gender Identity Development Service wasn’t fit for purpose. The clinics reaction to his bombshell? He was sent two letters threatening disciplinary action. So, a man who was trying to help young people he thought were being harmed was threatened with the ruination of his career. It is beyond bloody belief. Yet our health service allowed it to happen for fear of upsetting the trans mob. Last year the Care Quality Commission rated the clinic “inadequate.” It should have been closed there and then – it wasn’t ? But the final nail in the Tavistock’s coffin was an independent review by Dr Hilary Cass who has said the service isn’t safe for young people who were being given largely untested drugs to block puberty. So they were an experiment? She said the health problems of these young people were overshadowed in favour of gender identity issues. We have to thank our lucky stars that there were enough brave people out there who as pilloried, as frightened and as bullied as they were still willing to stick their heads above the parapet to look out for these kids. It was because of their persistence, their courage that the review which will finally call time on the Tavistock ever happened. This HAS to be the turning point. No more kow-towing to trans activists. No more running in fear from their bullying, their threats, their attempts to destroy the lives and careers of those who disagree with them. For years now anyone who dared to question the Tavistock and what it did were named and shamed as transphobes and accused of putting the lives of young kids in danger. Well, we now know the opposite to be true. Yes, there HAVE to be places where young people who want to change gender can go. But they have to be safe places where everything that affects their health and well-being is looked at in detail. These places must operate free from pressure and from the doctrines of trans activists who if they DO try to interfere must be exposed immediately. How the Hell did we ever allow this to happen? We’re a supposedly civilised society yet the health of vulnerable young people was being sacrificed on the altar of an ideological agenda. Shame on every person whose cowardice helped facilitate this travesty.