Liv (played by Isobel Steele) has been living the cosy life on Emmerdale recently, after marrying Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) earlier this year following her wrongly incarcerated for murdering Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). After a few months' reprieve, her life is going to be turned upside down following the return of Sandra Flaherty (Joanne Mitchell) in scenes airing later this week on the ITV soap. Though, it seems her mother could be running from a dangerous man who could turn out to be the young woman's birth father. It's always been thought Gordon Livesy (Gary Mavers) was Liv's father, the man who sexually abused her brother, Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller). The young woman found herself manipulated by the villain on several occasions and in 2016 after he was sentenced to 18 years in prison, she found out her father had died. Ever since she has looked up to Aaron as somewhat of a father figure but as he left the village and now refuses to talk to her, she has no one left. Sandra has been her mother of sorts but to the best of Liv's mind, she hasn't really had any parents to look up to or guide her through life. This is when Sandra telling her Gordon wasn't her father could be a life-changing moment for her as she realises she could get to know her birth father. READ MORE: 1883’s Faith Hill opens up on Yellowstone filming struggles The drama continues with a new arrival in next week's episodes as Sandra realises she has been found in the village by a man named Terry. He locates her to the flat where Liv and Vinny live, storming in and demanding she pays him the money he is owed by her. When the pressure piled on her shoulders, Sandra is relieved when her daughter turns around and tells Terry she will pay him. Unfortunately, this plan leaves Vinny really worried as he thinks his wife's plan is going to backfire but she remains defiant. Liv proceeds to hand over the money her mother owes Terry, who is happy to see the cash and he is thankful to have gotten rid of Sandra. It seems the plan worked as Sandra is much happier the next day, with it seeming Terry had a hold over her but Liv still doesn't know why. With Sandra needing to earn some money to repay her daughter, she ends up working at the village salon alongside Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) and Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles). Sandra might think her life is finally on the up but it could be she is harbouring a secret about her connection to Terry. As she delves back into her past, it could be explained to viewers Terry is actually Liv's father who left Sandra once their daughter was born. As she was with Gordon at the time, Sandra would have told him it was his baby and she would have thought she'd never have to see Terry again. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] However, Terry could have come looking for her shortly before Sandra returned to the village, telling her he wanted to meet his daughter. With Liv having had enough trouble in her life, Sandra would have demanded Terry not to get involved in his daughter's life. Terry would have agreed to this but only if he was handsomely paid for staying away from his own flesh and blood. Liv will want to know why this man was such a threat to her mother and as she does some digging, she could realise her own link to the newcomer. Will she want to track him down and get to know him or will she decide to leave this information on the back burner for now? The actress who plays Sandra, Joanne, has hinted newcomer Terry could have another motive for coming to the village other than to just get money off her. Joanne said: "Terry is a big guy and he's scary. "I think Liv becomes incredibly protective over her mother because this is proper danger territory. She owes money to this guy and who knows what he could do. "He's a dangerous man and I think even Sandra knows he is a dangerous man underneath it all, even though they [know each other]. "But I think there is an element he could turn at any point. There is danger all the way through this. It just feels really dangerous." So could it be Terry is really Liv's father? And will she stay in the village if she realises she was never Gordon's daughter? The only way she would be related to the Dingles then would be through her marriage to Vinny as she was included as part of the family because she was Aaron's sister. But if Terry is her father, she wouldn't be Aaron's sister, meaning there would be no need for the family to play a part in her life. Will Liv's old demons resurface as she is thrown out to the curb once more? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.