As the hot weather continues, Britons inevitably want to make the most out of the high temperatures by enjoying their garden and making it visually appealing. One woman did just that after taking some cuttings from a tree hanging over her garden four years ago to plant. Now her neighbour is accusing her of theft and wants the plant returned, otherwise he has threatened to call the police. Sharing her experience in the parents' forum Mumsnet, the woman who goes by the name of Ahelena79 explained: “So our neighbour has a lovely willow tree. It does slightly overhang our border however I am very happy with that as it provides a lovely bit of shade in that corner of the garden which the kids sit under on hot evenings. “Around four summers ago I took several cuttings from this willow tree. “I didn’t really think to ask at the time as they were nearly touching the floor of my garden and had no real impact on my neighbours life. “Instead of chucking them back over the fence aggressively (which other neighbours have done to me!), I decided to plant them to grow a bit of a willow garden in one corner. “These willows have absolutely taken off. READ MORE: Woman furious as neighbour's 'rude' children stare over fence “There’s about six in total, all taken from branch cuttings. They are really tall now and can be seen from over the fence (which is six foot!). Whilst the woman was initially ecstatic by the shocking growth - the neighbour next door thought otherwise - and is demanding that they be returned. She continued: “My neighbour has recently seen them and is now demanding that his property is returned to him. “He says I had no right to cut the willow and that they have always been his property even though I have nurtured them to life in the form of new trees. DON'T MISS: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [COMMENT]Where does Penny Mordaunt live now? Inside the life of the ‘outsider’ [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [TIPS] “He says he will be contacting the police and threatening legal action. “He told me that the willow is taken from cuttings of a family tree that was in his mothers garden and he considers it family property which he wanted to hand down to his kids but I’ve now stolen that from him? “He is absolutely crazy to be honest and I’ve had no previous dealings with him and I’m glad of that now!” In a bid to seek assurance, the woman turned to users online to ask for advice on where she stands regarding the matter. READ MORE: Common watering ‘mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when watering garden plants Users shared a common theme as they told the woman to “ignore” her nightmare neighbour. A user who goes by the name of YellowHpok commented: “Ignore him and let him crack on. “He is going to have to prove you didn't offer them back, which he can’t. He sounds insane.” Another user called Timeforabiscuit said: “I'd let him crack on with the police or solicitors, if the cutting was done on your land, and provided the tree wasn't damaged and the plant wasn't under a patent. I can't see what crime has been committed.” While the comments said the woman was well within her rights of cutting parts of the tree that shadowed her garden, they did note that she should have legally handed the cuttings over. One user called Ncwinc said: “You have every right to cut the bits that overhang your garden but no right to keep the bits. “He sounds rather odd so I would ask him specifically what he wants done with the branch cuttings you have planted and all future branch cuttings and do exactly that.” Another who goes by the name dementedpixie commented: “Legally you should have offered any cuttings back to him. Could you not have just said you got them from elsewhere?”