In fact, Cornwall Live reported this week that they have received numerous comments and emails from residents expressing frustration with the West Cornwall beauty spot receiving any more publicity. The amount of people visiting the beach near Treen for that Instagram moment has led to some very real concerns from people who live in the area. The beach's increase in popularity, particularly over the last couple of years when holidaymakers couldn't travel abroad due to Covid, has led to numerous issues from gridlocked traffic, and discarded rubbish, to fights, fires and alleged drug abuse by those wanting to replicate the Ibiza experience in Cornwall. The beach is also renowned for dangerous rip currents and doesn't have lifeguard cover - which only adds to residents' fears. There has been an increase in calls to the emergency services to incidents on the beach in the past five years. There are also concerns that increased footfall is leading to the erosion and degradation of the area's beauty. A resident said: "Apart from its access issues and lack of facilities including lifesaving, the huge coverage it has attracted on social media in the last few years has resulted in overwhelming numbers of visitors, who have in turn, created massive infrastructure issues for the local area." Another agreed that its popularity and coverage nationally and locally as a 'secret gem' was having "catastrophic effects on the local environment and infrastructure. Put simply, the narrow lanes, coastal paths and the sheer volume of ‘Instagramma’ visitors who have ‘heard about it via social media' are putting huge pressure on the local infrastructure and erosion of the coastal environment. It is no longer a secret beach and its beauty is in danger of being its demise".  It's not unusual for traffic to be backed up all the way to Porthcurno - which also has a popular beach - with vehicles being left abandoned on verges when the available parking spaces are quickly filled at the height of the summer season. There is a complete lack of facilities on the beach, exacerbating locals' concerns about litter, fouling and pollution. As anyone who has visited Porthcurno knows, it's definitely not Ibiza. The roads are narrow and can't cope with busy days in high season when as many as 3,000 cars have been recorded trying to squeeze into the village, not just for the beaches but the ever-popular Minack Theatre. A resident, who contacted CornwallLive with his concerns, said the problems started in 2018 when Pedn Vounder started going viral on social media: "The world and his wife descended on West Penwith and Treen. "We had gridlocked roads, emergency services could not function, the local bus network got jammed, neither the refuse removal services nor food delivery trucks could get to Treen Farm campsite, the Minack staff and performers could not get to the theatre, there were nappies in hedges, aluminium BBQ trays left everywhere, human excrement in every field entrance and layby, bottles, cans, food packaging and bags of refuse liberally strewn into hedges. "The path to the beach was a dangerous, degraded nightmare, people clambering over each other in the hope of a photo to share to social media, the beach was rammed, there were shards of broken glass, tent pegs, excrement left in the sand. It was hell."  "Every summer since has been equally stressful. Including the last two lockdown years where all sorts of people who would normally have gone partying to Ibiza have sought out Pedn Vounder, lured by the Instagram promises of ‘#paradise’ or ‘#bestbeachintheworld’. As a consequence gangs of party-heads have trooped down to the beach, a box of beer on one shoulder, ghetto-blaster on the other, oblivious to Covid, desperate to ‘get loaded’." He added: "The last decade has seen the beach turn from a quiet sanctuary where a few respectful people could find some peace and quiet in nature to a scene from an over-hyped summer festival that has gone on for way too long. Ankle-deep bottle tops, vomit, dog poo, litter, excrement, fights, fires, smoke, graffiti, drug abuse and paraphernalia. The same can be said for Porthcurno beach, Kynance, Sennen and numerous other hot spots in the county."   The resident pointed out that Pedn Vounder's sizeable rip currents "can be deadly to unwary bathers, as has been witnessed many times. The main path down to the beach is dangerous, slippery, a rock climb, there are numerous opportunities to kill yourself. "People every year injure themselves, often because they’re completely oblivious, wearing flip-flops, lured by the Instagram eye-candy promise of a ‘#bucketlistexperience’. There are stinging jellyfish, weaver fish, sea lice, the cliffs crumble from time to time and rock falls do happen. "There are no lifeguards - just a bunch of selfless locals who help out where they can. Increasingly we have to call out the emergency services, RNLI/Coastguard/Air Ambulance, etc, to mop up the mess." 