As the MPs close in on their final two in the leadership contest to present to the members it is time to put to bed the lie that the two frontrunners were always somehow “secret Remainers” or at best “Brexiteers in name only (BRINO)”. I have seen at first-hand experience how both put their political careers on the line to back Leave and the truth about this contest is that it has proven Brexit is the settled will of the Conservative Party. I first met Rishi Sunak in early 2016 when he was a very engaging recently elected, little-known MP. As we sat down for a cup of tea in Portcullis House, he said: “Well I got the call.” “The call?” “Yes, the call from David Cameron. He wanted me to go over to Downing Street but I told him I wouldn’t waste his time because I am supporting Leave.” Mr Cameron had been ensuring that most Tory MPs would fall in behind the Remain campaign whatever they had said on the EU before. It was obvious that Sunak was an ambitious MP, polished, very professional, someone who could expect to rise rapidly up the ministerial ranks. But here he was, just starting his career in Parliament, risking it all on the EU referendum. Others who had told constituencies who selected them that they were in favour of leaving the EU had not shown such principle. Sajid Javid suddenly decided Remain was a better idea, Philip Hammond forgot he had ever mentioned support for leaving the EU, all the way down to Alan Mak the new Havant MP who caved in when the Prime Minister called. Few showed Sunak’s backbone that day least of all Ms Truss who fell in with the Remain camp at the time. As a result, though, he did not get his first ministerial job until 2018. Then we have Penny Mordaunt, the MP for Portsmouth North who I have known since 2004 when I was the political editor for the newspaper for the home of the Royal Navy. Despite its ferry links to France and Spain, Portsmouth was always a patriotic and eurosceptic city. With Nelson’s Victory sitting in its historic harbour it is hard not to revel in a history where European encounters often involved sinking their ships. When I interviewed her in the old Portsmouth News offices after she was selected as a candidate to run in the 2005 election, Ms Mordaunt professed to being in favour of leaving the EU. READ MORE: Kemi Badenoch is the CHANGE candidate for PM Roll on 12 years in 2016 it would have been easy for her, as it was for so many MPs, to forget that initial belief but, like Mr Sunak, she stuck to her guns and backed Leave. Unlike Sunak, she had a junior ministerial role in the Ministry of Defence and was in line for promotion. During the campaign, she was then made to front one of the most controversial Vote Leave messages on Turkey potentially joining the EU and millions of migrants heading to Britain as a result. She took brickbats for her efforts and took a great deal of abuse. But then and since she has remained a Brexiteer. One of the accusations levelled at Sunak in particular but also Mordaunt is that they were not very visible campaigners in the referendum. DON'T MISS Leadership is Rishi Sunak's to lose as he gets Brexiteer vote [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: Should the next PM raise taxes or lower them? [REACT] BBC licence fee replacement may see EVERYONE pay in 'European' model [REVEAL] That though had more to do with the control freak nature of the people running Vote Leave (especially Dominic Cummings) who left little space for anybody not called Michael Gove or Boris Johnson to do anything of a high profile nature. It is also true that both failed to resign from the Theresa May government when Boris Johnson did and neither were Brexit Spartans. But even Mr Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg voted for the compromise deal. Of the leadership candidates on Suella Braverman, the Attorney General, can hold her head high as Spartan who resisted. So why is it that Brexiteers were unwilling to recognise the risks this pair have made for the cause? Part of the answer is that Brexit has become a little bit like religion in that there are levels of belief. This may explain the ERG’s appreciation of the zeal of a convert in Ms Truss, who has certainly been the “Brexit superwoman” as International Trade Secretary and Foreign Secretary. But it is also hard to match a true believer like Ms Braverman, who resigned as a Brexit minister, refused to be cowed into backing the May compromise, and ran for leader on a ticket to complete the process in both ending the Northern Ireland protocol and leaving the Strasbourg European Court of Human Rights. Ms Braverman was certainly the sort of Brexiteer that Express readers and those who really want to maximise Britain’s independence would want to follow. Yet the ERG and right of the party did not do the obvious thing and unite around her candidacy even though she was the only one offering to do what they wanted. Had they wanted a true believer full Brexiteer then they lost their chance when Ms Braverman went out in the second round. Instead, senior MPs like Mark Francois, chairman of the ERG, backed Ms Truss even though she has not promised to leave the ECHR. Others like Lee Anderson and Tom Hunt backed Kemi Badenoch, but she too has been silent on many of the Brexiteer issues including the ECHR. Compared to Braverman, Sunak and Mordaunt are compromisers. Their Brexit ambitions are much more diluted and less pure. But they too want to push tearing up EU red tape and signing free trade deals. They may not go the whole way but they still want to use the benefits of Brexit. Like Ms Truss, Ms Mordunt has been signing trade deals and a cheerleader for Global Britain. The reality of this contest is that even the most pro-EU candidate Tom Tugendhat spent a lot of time showing he now wants to deliver Brexit in full. Being a Brexiteer is the settled will of the Conservative Party or at least those who wish to lead it. The only question now is the degree in terms of how far individuals are prepared to go with it. But even if their faith is perceived to be weaker, let us not pretend that Sunak and Mordaunt are not Brexiteers. They are.