After The Beatles split up in 1970 each of the Fab Four went their own way. They each started releasing their own solo music and dominating the charts in their own way. George Harrison started early with the release of his 1970 album All Things Must Pass. In this album was the track My Sweet Lord, a song that was later used to accuse Harrison of plagiarism. After that, the star could not rekindle his love for music. Harrison was accused of plagiarising the classic song He's So Fine in My Sweet Lord. While the star - and the court - determined that he did not deliberately plagiarise the song, he did lose the lawsuit. After that, he struggled to find a love for the art-form again. He said: "It’s difficult just to start writing again after you’ve been through that. Even now when I put the radio on, every tune I hear sounds like something else." In fact, he couldn't find any love for any music after the decades he wrote it all. Harrison recalled: "I can’t say I’ve really heard anything that gives me a buzz like some of that stuff we did in the fifties and sixties." Eventually, however, the mid-1980s hit. With the 1980s came a new wave of music. Bon Jovi, Depeche Mode, REM, The Smiths, all of them started and embodied the 80s. Harrison remembered: "The last band I really enjoyed was Dire Straits on the Brothers in Arms album. To me, that was good music played well, without any of the bulls**t." READ MORE: The Beatles' Paul McCartney was dumped on live TV by girlfriend Brothers in Arms was released in May 1985 and was a smash hit - both commercially and financially. Dire Straits' record earned a Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, and hit number one in the album charts around the world. So it's no wonder why Harrison fell in love with the record. After that, however, the only musical inspiration he received was from his son, Dhani. DON'T MISS...The Beatles' Paul McCartney was dumped on live TV by girlfriend [NEWS]Brian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement [INFO]The Beatles: Vicious George Harrison condemned 'pain' Liam Gallagher [INSIGHT] Harrison had Dhani in 1978. So by the mid-1990s he was a teenager getting into modern music, such as grunge and punk. Harrison later noted in 1993: "Now I’m starting to get influenced by my teenage son, who’s into everything and has the attitude. He loves some of the old stuff, like Hendrix, and he’s got a leather jacket with Cream’s Disraeli Gears album painted on the back." "As for recent groups," he added. "He played me the Black Crowes, and they really sounded okay." Unfortunately, it seemed as if Harrison's days of making music were over by that point. Harrison released his last album, Cloud Nine, in 1987. It went platinum, but didn't reach any notable height in the album charts. One final record from him was released posthumously in 2002, titled Brainwashed. SOURCE