Alexandra Breckenridge has starred in a number of series including Virgin River, This is Us and American Horror Story. The actress is best known for playing nurse Mel Monroe and Netflix fans have loved following her relationship with bar owner Jack Monroe (played by Martin Henderson) in the series. But what is Alexandra’s love life like off-screen? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Yes, Alexandra is married to c and the pair have been married since 2015. The pair did the knot in September in a ceremony at Dunton Hot Springs in Colorado. Alexandra has been vocal about how much she loves her husband, and in 2018 said he was “incredible”. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands The actress’ husband is famous in his own right as he is the guitarist for Katy Perry and performed at her Super Bowl halftime show in 2015. Casey also travelled the world with the singer and appeared in the Katy Perry: Part of Me documentary. He is reported to have met Alexandra when the pair crossed paths at a Grammys after-party. Alexandra and Casey have two children together, Jack Breckenridge Hopper and Billie Breckenridge Hooper. The family now live together in Atlanta, Georgia. After giving birth to Billie, Alexandra admitted motherhood could be “exhausting” but tries to “lead by example”. DON'T MISS...Virgin River ending explained: Is Jack the father of Mel’s baby? [EXPLAINER]Virgin River season 5 theory: Brie death sealed after Don return clue [THEORY]Virgin River theory: Jack is NOT the father of Mel’s baby [SPOILER] The actress told Good Housekeeping in 2018: “Through it all, I try to show my children that I'm human. “As parents, we put a lot of pressure on ourselves to be perfect for our children but it's important that they see that we're people too. “I want my kids to grow up knowing that it's totally okay to make mistakes because I make them. “Along with this, I want them to understand the value of taking care of yourself. “I’m trying my best to lead by example — and let's face it, some days I do better than others.” Mel is not married but is in fact engaged to Jack Sheridan after he proposed in season four. She met Jack when she moved to Virgin River following the death of her first husband Mark (Daniel Gillies). Mel and Jack are also expecting their first child together, which was confirmed to be a girl. Virgin River is available to stream on Netflix now.