Helen Skelton has opened up about the "mischief" that occurs on Channel 5 favourite programme, Summer on the Farm. The TV star, 38, spoke about the chaos that the show can descend into, which this week saw goats escape onto set and sheep untying laced-up shoes as she spoke to Claudia Winkleman on Radio 2. The Strictly Come Dancing host asked the star: "Let's talk about Summer on the Farm, have you enjoyed the past week?" Helen replied: "It's so much fun, it's proper mischief on telly. "We'd literally go on air and we don't know what's going to happen. "At the start of the week we were kind of going, 'Oh my God, there's a goat [which has] got out, there's a sheep got out.' READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers "By the end of the week we were just saying, 'There's another goat guys, there's a goat eating your camera cables, there's a sheep eating the -'" she stopped before tending to her baby daughter, Elsie. Helen went on: "So it's chaos in a good way, you know that kind of old school, Saturday morning telly but for adults, people getting shot, stuff goes wrong, people drink beer that they don't like, animals bite each other. "Last night a sheep undid someone's shoelaces," she admitted. Claudia quipped: "Also you're used to live telly, so that makes the whole thing more exciting as if you were pre-recording it they would go, 'yeah, shall we just tidy it up.' "Whereas this, you're just in." Agreeing, Helen replied: "Exactly and I think, sometimes people go, 'Oh my gosh, live telly, do you not get nervous?' "But you're probably the same, I think people watch telly because they all like to be in the moment together and when it's live it's like life isn't it. "Stuff goes wrong, people muck up, we're all human and hopefully that's why people enjoy it and it's likeable because it's real life," she said to the Strictly host. DON'T MISS... Geri Halliwell ignores drama as she supports Christian at British GP [INSIGHT]Christine McGuinness, 34, puts on eye-popping display in white bikini [UPDATE]Jeremy Clarkson celebrates Diddly Squat milestone amid council setback [ANALYSIS] Earlier this week, the mum-of-three showcased her incredible knife-throwing skills ahead of appearing on the show. Helen left her Channel 5 co-stars and fans agog at her incredible talent as she landed numerous bullseyes one after another while documenting the achievement on Instagram. Appearing in a black and white patterned maxi dress, a radiant looking Helen gave her 308,000 followers a glimpse of her impressive knife-throwing abilities. Branding a knife, Helen told her fans: "Knife throwing, I don't want to go on about it, but what's that right there? "Bullseye!" she exclaimed, while tapping a target which revealed a knife firmly landed in the middle. "I'm really enjoying this!,'' Helen added, before landing another perfect bullseye. "Look at the skill of this! one of Helen's crew could be heard saying before the mum-of-three missed one throw. Celebrating another bullseye with a dance, Helen confessed: "I really enjoyed that!" as her co-stars and crew burst into laughter.