The second episode of BBC's The Control Room aired on Monday night and left viewers even more confused than they were during the first episode. Emergency call handler Gabriel (played by Iain De Caestecker) has fallen into the world of crime after being blackmailed by his boss Anthony (Daniel Portman). Viewers were left fuming after Gabe stole a license plate and stumbled into a hardware shop buying some questionable items without being spotted. Taking to their Twitter accounts, @chalky2 commented: "Talk about buying a murderer disposing of a body kit. Plastic sheet, tape & spade." @IshyPi added: “If that basket doesn't shout 'Serial Killer', I don't know what does! #TheControlRoom." Darren Jones fumed: “Top tip. If you’re going to commit a crime, don’t go into a hardware shop on the day to buy the tools you’re going to use (with a pair of stolen number plates under your arm) #TheControlRoom." Gillian Hudson quipped: “Yeah, right.. buy items most identified with getting rid of a body, why don’t you?!" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change Harry Palmer jibed: "Gabo needs plates for just one journey and yet is stealing them from a working vehicle in broad daylight! What utter nonsense." @Loubirds99 exclaimed: "Very confused at how Gabo has got away with stealing number plates in daylight, with someone in the van and then to walk into a hardware store to grab a murder kit?" (sic) During the second episode, Gabe handled a package for Anthony that needed to be delivered to a mysterious woman in a purple jacket. As Gabe thought his work was done, the woman handed over yet another envelope with a large stash of money before the police raided the venue and she was arrested. Not wanting to be involved with whatever Anthony had going on, he told him he is through but is soon doing more of his dirty work. Spotting a lone van in an alleyway, Gabe took his moment to take the license plate off of the vehicle but was almost spotted by the builder who owned the van. After getting away by the skin of his teeth, Gabe walked into a DIY store with the stolen number plate underneath his arm and began to build what the viewers called a "serial killer" kit. As he made his way to the garage to begin to dispose of the body that was rotting in the back of his van, he was soon confronted with the fact it was missing. DON'T MISS...The Control Room episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast of the BBC seri... [INSIGHT]The Control Room viewers baffled by 'confusing' plot 'I'm struggling!' [LATEST]How many episodes are in The Control Room? [WATCH] Panicking about where the vehicle had gone, Gabe rushed over to his relative's house and found out that his uncle had stolen the van from the garage. Confronting him to find out where the van had disappeared to, he was informed that it had been impounded by the police. Has the body already been dealt with? Or will his world come crashing down around him? The BBC thriller concludes on Tuesday night with viewers finally finding out where the body has gone and if Gabe will get away scot-free. Ahead of the drama’s premiere, Iain opened up to Den of Geek about his new role. He explained: “From the very start, I don’t think his life’s good, and he’s cheerily plodding along, and then this terrible thing just grabs him by the neck. “He’s already not getting any enjoyment out of life, he doesn’t invest in relationships, he doesn’t even have one with his dad. “He is completely self-reliant and anonymous, by choice. You have to ask yourself, what has happened to someone to make them like that?” The Control Room continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 9pm.