Around 15 youths have descended on roads in Liscard, Merseyside, in recent months and have left locals blasting the authorities and their parents. One elderly lady called on the community to "get back our streets" following more vandalism to several cars in the early hours of yesterday morning. Police confirmed a group of teenagers were spotted on a residential road yesterday and six vehicles were damaged. But one dad, who lives on the street, told Liverpool Echo: "It's just a joke. The residents are genuinely scared to go out of their houses. The fact we have a group that was initially set up because the road is so narrow and cars are side-swiped has now turned into a group that is full of this gang. They basically run this area. It's so frustrating." He and other residents are part of a WhatsApp group, in which CCTV images and videos of suspicious behaviour are shared. Another resident said: "We don't want to move away, to be honest. I work nights and I'm worried about my Mrs at home. Fortunately, I do three on three off so a lot of the time I'm here but I'm concerned about her safety if one of these rats tries to break in, there's nothing I can do. "I work in Liverpool so it's a good 15-20 minutes to get home. Nothing has been done. People are going to start taking things into their own hands. This just can't carry on any longer where residents are living in fear."  Writing on Facebook, others slammed a lack of discipline and encouraged residents to reclaim their streets. One pensioner posted: "Time to claim back your streets - absolutely diabolical to let these feral yobs roam around causing such fear and damage to your property." Another woman shared: "Bring back National Service." A third Facebook user said: "Parents need to take responsibility for there kids. Sorry no excuses." Another posted: "We need more police." A 12-year-old was slashed by three men wearing balaclavas on an adjacent road earlier this year. The men failed to take the boy's coat but left him with a slash on his hand and needing surgery. Following the criminal damage to cars this week, Community Policing Inspector Alan McKeon said: "The damage caused to residents’ vehicles yesterday is simply unacceptable and would have caused extensive stress and inconvenience. We simply will not tolerate such mindless acts of vandalism in our communities and we are determined to find those responsible and bring them to justice. "If you were in the Liscard area in the early hours of yesterday morning and saw anything or anyone suspicious then please let us know. Similarly, if you live on Leominster Road, Greenheys road or the area around and have CCTV, ring doorbell or other devices which may have captured any footage, please check them and tell us if you see anything. "We have stepped up high visibility patrols in the Central Park area to provide reassurance to the local community. If you have any information on these incidents or any anti-social behaviour, please come and speak to patrols. Whether you tell us directly or anonymously, through Crimestoppers, please tell us so we can take action." Anyone with information on is asked to DM @MerPolCC, message ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook or call 101 with reference 22000497687. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information-online/ 