The State Pension isn't just handed over, you have to earn it by making National Insurance (NI) contributions during your working lifetime. If you don't make enough NI contributions, you could get nothing at all.   To qualify for the maximum new State Pension, which is paid to those who retire after April 5, 2016, you need to make 35 years of qualifying National Insurance (NI) contributions during your working lifetime. Currently, that will give you a pension of £9,627.80 a week. That is barely enough to pay everyday living expenses. Shockingly, millions get much less. For every year you fall short, your State Pension is reduced by 1/35th. So if you only make 34 years of NI contributions, they will get £275.08 less income each year. That’s a hefty loss for missing out on just ONE year of State Pension. Worse, those who fail to make the minimum 10 years of NI contributions get no State Pension at all. It's a brutal cut-off point.  This is why everyone who is has yet to retire should get a State Pension forecast, to see what they are likely to get. The quickest way to get your State Pension forecast is to apply online. Or you can apply by post by completing the BR19 application form. Otherwise call the Future Pension Centre helpline on 0800 731 0175. They will post the forecast to you. Your forecast is not a guarantee and does not include any increase due to inflation. If you get your forecast and discover you are heading for a shortfall, you need to act fast to plug any gaps in your NI record. Many, especially women, end up with gaps after taking time off to raise a family or care for loved ones. Others lose out because they have an illness or disability, are unemployed, or are self-employed but do not earn enough money to pay NI. These gaps may be automatically plugged by National Insurance credits, but it is always worth checking to see if they have been applied in your case. READ MORE: National Insurance credits - are you eligible? If you do not qualify for NI credits, you may be able to buy additional State Pension from your own pocket. You can do this by making voluntary Class 3 National Insurance contributions, says Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life. “Currently, buying voluntary NI payments costs £800.80 for each year of State Pension that you buy. In return, you get £275.08 a year extra income for life.” This means that you effectively get your money back in just three years. The longer you live after you retire, the more the sums work in your favour. Tully says this may not be the best option for those in poor health, as they may not live long enough to get their money back. Buying extra State Pension could also be a waste of money if you are already on course to make 35 years of NI contributions. “Class 3 NI contributions are not right for everybody, but a great deal for some," Tully says. DON'T MISS:TV licence reforms mooted: Could the licence fee be axed? [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 70, uses side hustle to top up pension [REVEAL]Britons alerted as ‘middle earners’ may fall into 55% pension tax trap [WARNING] It is a particularly good deal for those who are likely to end up with less than 10 years of contributions towards their State Pension. Take the case of somebody who is set to end up with just nine years of NI contributions, which means they will get no State Pension at all. They have missed it by a whisker. If they buy just one additional year, they will spend £800.80 but in return will get 10/35th of the State Pension. That is currently worth an additional £2,750.80 a year. It works out as an incredible return, arguably one of the best investments it is possible to make. As the State Pension rises year after year, this will generate a lot more than £2,750 a year. Whatever your position, it is worth checking you're taking time to check how much State Pension you are going to get. You can only make voluntary NI contributions going back a maximum for six years. So the earlier people make up any shortfall, the better.