Around 2.7 million people, one in 24, were estimated to have had the virus in the last week. Staff absences, the extreme heatwave and delays handing patients over to A&E have wreaked havoc on services. All 10 ambulance trusts have been put on "black alert" otherwise known as the Resource Escalation Plan 4 - which means they are under "extreme pressure". Under this plan, patients who are not suffering from life threatening injuries may be told to make their own way to hospital. The plan prioritises patients with urgent and life-threatening emergencies. West Midlands Ambulance Service said it had been on the highest level of alert for a few months, while South Central Ambulance Service confirmed it was also at REAP 4. South Central added that it had also declared a critical incident "due to current pressures on our services". It said in a statement: "We continue to prioritise our response to those patients with life-threatening and serious emergencies but, due to the current levels of pressure we are seeing, there will be delays in responding to other patients with less urgent needs who are assessed as requiring an ambulance response. "We are experiencing an increasing number of 999 calls into our service, combined with patients calling back if there is a delay in our response to them. As a result, our capacity to take calls is being severely challenged.    "This is combined with the challenges of handing patients over to busy hospitals across our region and a rise in Covid infections, as well as other respiratory illnesses, among both staff and in our communities. "This week we are also faced with high temperatures across our region which we know will lead to an increase in demand on our service. All of these issues combined are impacting on our ability to respond to patients." Other ambulance services reported similar challenges including long wait times while handing patients over to A&E. A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Trust said that one of their crews was forced to wait for 24 hours to hand their patient to A&E. The NHS was also suffering from staff absences due to Covid and the impact of the current heatwave. READ MORE: Camilla opens up on 'tragic struggle' as she issues urgent plea A spokesperson for NHS England said: "Near record levels of 999 calls, challenges discharging patients to social care settings, increasing Covid cases - leading to more than 20,000 staff absences - and the current heatwave is inevitably having an impact on NHS capacity. "It, however, remains vital that the public continue to dial 999 in an emergency and use 111 online, or their local pharmacy for other health issues and advice." Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth declared a critical incident due to "extreme pressures on services". Director of Portsmouth Hospitals University NHS Trust Dr John Knighton claimed the hospital had "limited space" and was only able to treat patients with "life-threatening conditions and injuries". He told the BBC: "Our immediate priority is to ensure there are beds available for our most seriously ill patients. "We ask that families and loved ones support us with this and collect patients as soon as they are ready to be discharged." DON'T MISS:Mordaunt OBLITERATES Rayner in GREATES Labour put-down of all times [VIDEO]'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [REPORT]Police eye breakthrough in Madeleine McCann case [ANALYSIS]  The news comes following reports of long wait times for ambulance services around the country. Last, month, in Stoke-on-Trent a 59-year-old man died while waiting for ambulance services to arrive. A community nurse Claire, 49, who did not wish to share her surname, witnessed the impact of long wait-times first hand. She said: "It was a category two call; they should've been there in 18 minutes. "I did everything I could, but obviously you think about things after and whether anything could've been done to create a different outcome. It's extremely sad." After more than two hours of waiting for paramedics to arrive, the man went into cardiac arrest and, despite performing CPR, Claire was unable to save him.