Richard Keys has claimed that Liverpool may have agreed to meet Mohamed Salah's salary demands to ensure they can cash in on him next summer. The Reds talisman finally put an end to speculation over his future by penning a bumper new three-year deal on Friday. After months of failed negotiations, Salah and Liverpool stunned the world when it was announced that the 30-year-old had put pen-to-paper on a lucrative £350,000-a-week deal that is set to keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2025. However, Keys believes that Salah's new big-bucks deal could simply be a tactical ploy from Liverpool to ensure they can still bank a sizeable sum if they decide to get rid of the former AS Roma man, who was due to be a free agent next summer. Keys tweeted: "The new deal is obviously great news - but do we think Salah will be at Anfield for its duration? Or will he be on his way for £60m a year from now - the gross value of the contract? That’s better than he walks for nothing." READ MORE: Chelsea 'monitoring' Frenkie de Jong as doubt cast over Man Utd agreement There had been fears that Salah would be in a position to walk away from the club for nothing next summer, as Liverpool were seemingly unwilling to meet his extraordinary wage demands; which reportedly stood at around £500,000-a-week. Although Liverpool could now, theoretically, demand a substantial sum to move Salah on in the future after reaching a compromise over a new deal, it appears unlikely that the Reds and Jurgen Klopp would have the appetite to cash in on their talisman - especially after losing Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich this summer. The likelihood is that Salah will continue to spearhead Liverpool's new-look attack alongside Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota and Darwin Nunez for the foreseeable future. DON'T MISSChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Salah will now become the highest paid player in Liverpool history after committing his future to the club for the long-term. And the forward - who has plundered an incredible 156 goals in 254 games since joining the club in the summer of 2017 - has been tipped to surpass his current levels and become an all-time Anfield great by Klopp. Speaking after Salah's new deal was confirmed, Klopp said: “I have no doubt Mo’s best years are still to come. And that’s saying something, because the first five seasons here have been the stuff of legend. Fitness-wise, he’s a machine – in the most incredible shape. He works hard on it and he gets his rewards. His ability and his skill level gets higher each season, and his decision-making has gone to another level also. “He is adored by his teammates. As coaches we know we work with someone special. And the supporters have crowned him a king. So, very cool. It is just great news. It makes me smile thinking about it. He stays with us for longer and it means we can achieve more together.”