Jurgen Klopp has implied he will alter Liverpool's transfer plans after midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was ruled out until at least October with a serious hamstring injury. The German had previously said the club’s summer business was done unless someone suffered a bad injury, a fate that has now befallen the Ox. Liverpool sought to bring in their targets during the early stages of the window in order to give Klopp the longest possible time to work with his squad. Fabio Carvalho was first to arrive after the club organised his deal with Fulham in January before Darwin Nunez followed as the club’s marquee signing in a £64m deal from Benfica. The pair were later joined by young right-back Calvin Ramsey from Aberdeen. Klopp also sought to trim his squad with the departures of his out-of-favour stars with Neco Williams joining Nottingham Forest, Takumi Minamino leaving for Monaco and Divock Origi departing for AC Milan in a free transfer. However, the 55-year-old would not have wanted to lose Sadio Mane, with the Senegal star joining Bayern Munich as he was keen for a new challenge. This led Klopp to conclude that the club’s business for the season was complete unless there were more player sales or injuries. READ MORE: Liverpool below Chelsea, Man Utd 6th as Foster makes rogue predictions "Unless we have injuries or player sales no, we have our squad,” the former Dortmund boss told Sky Sports earlier this month. “Hopefully, there won't be any so Liverpool supporters can focus on other things." However, Oxlade-Chamberlain’s injury may now force the Reds into action. While he is often left on the Anfield bench he provides a valuable extra option in the midfield area. Klopp tends to favour Thiago and Naby Keita over the Englishman but the pair are both prone to picking up injury niggles. The club may therefore be forced to make a move for another body in the central area to ensure they are not caught short over the course of the season. The 28-year-old picked up the problem during the 2-0 friendly victory over Crystal Palace. He will not require surgery but he is expected to be missing until at least October. DON'T MISSRed Bull Salzburg demand £1bn cash and two assets for SeskoLiverpool have four Firmino replacement options with Juve move 'close'Liverpool star Nunez issued warning about 'everyone sticking boot in' Klopp explained the setback during his press conference for the Community Shield. “It’s a serious hamstring injury and it will take longer,” he said. “It’s a hamstring, we all hate this word, we hate the injury, but it happens from time to time and now Ox was the one.” Liverpool will get their season properly underway against Premier League new boys Fulham on 6th August.