The cream of the Formula 1 crop will remember the 2022 British Grand Prix for a multitude of reasons. Ferrari ace Carlos Sainz claiming his maiden F1 win, Zhou Guanyu escaping from a horror crash at the first turn unscathed, and Lewis Hamilton going 11 races without a win for the first time in his career are among the most notable. The Silverstone showdown may live long in the memories of certain other stars for a very different reason, however. That's after one fan milked his opportunity by substituting a quiche in for his autograph book in Northamptonshire. Or at least the box belonging to a crustless tomato, pesto and mozzarella quiche, that is. F1 drivers are no strangers to receiving odd requests from their most avid followers, though it would be a shock if this wasn't a first for any who scribed their signature. The McLaren duo of Daniel Ricciardo and Lando Norris were among those to etch their names on the Morrisons purchase, with the former looking particularly perplexed before asking: "Is this like an English thing?" Former standings leader Charles Leclerc and race-winner Sainz also got in on the action, much to the delight of those fromage-favouring fans perched nearby. READ MORE Mercedes make Lewis Hamilton disqualification admission as FIA take tough approach  George Russell suffered his first retirement as a Mercedes driver on Sunday but was still in good enough spirits to autograph the grub. Red Bull's runner-up, Sergio Perez, also joined in and played it cool as he penned the picnic piece with one hand in his pocket. That contingent of F1's upper crust still barely scratches the surface of whose names made it onto the box in question. TikTok user GracekgF1 uploaded photos of the finished article sporting around 20 names, commenting that "literally EVERYONE signed it." DON'T MISS   It remains unknown as to whether the contents were still intact at the time of the signings. However, one would hope not considering the the box displayed a 'best before' date of June 20, around a fortnight before the British GP took place. One thing for certain is the lunchtime treat will be worth a lot more than its retail price after receiving so much attention from the F1 grid. Signing culinary delights may even become a trend, with fans in Vienna inspired to buy goulash or strudels en masse ahead of Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix.