Temperatures will rocket into mid-July as a huge Azores High pressure system engulfs the UK with blazing sunshine. Forecasts of no rainfall in parts of the UK have raised fears of hosepipe bans, plummeting river levels and scenes reminiscent of summer 2018 when parks and green spaces smouldered into parched brown hayfields. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “Parts of the country could experience no rainfall at all over the next ten to 14 days. “River levels are variable, but many of them could start dropping over the next week or so. “This is potentially a drought situation with the Azores High firmly in place in the run up to mid-month, and we could start seeing problems with hose pipes. “The only saving grace is that we have not already had a very long period of hot, dry weather this summer.” High pressure through the start of July will drive blue skies and baking sunshine across much of the UK. Northern Scotland will be closer to the jet stream and slightly cooler with a greater chance of showers. Away from here, weather models reveal some regions, particularly southern Britain, void of any rainfall. Officials have urged people to ‘use water widely’ with a long spell of dry weather threatening water resources. The Environment Agency warned river and reservoir levels have dropped across central and south-western England. Water regulator Ofwat advised people to cool off in showers instead of baths and only use washing machines with a full load.  The mercury will rise steadily through this week before furnace fires up another notch at the weekend. Weather models reveal ground temperatures in central Britain hitting 34C and widely reaching the low- to mid-30Cs. The Azores High will spread across Britain bringing scorching sunshine everywhere apart from the far north of Scotland. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “By Saturday, the Azores High extends more widely across the country and weather fronts become confined to the far north of Scotland. “We will see a warming trend with temperatures above average, but just how above average is open to uncertainty. The trends are clear, it is turning drier, brighter and warmer in many places.” Scotland and north-western England are this week in the firing line for some heavy showers, he warned. Temperatures across southern regions could reach the high 20Cs in the run up to the weekend, he added. He said: “It is an unsettled start for northern areas on Wednesday with rain on and off for many and persistent over western Scotland particularly over the hills. “Further south is where the warmest air will be on Wednesday with temperatures reaching 24C.  “On Thursday the warmest air may shift a bit further west with temperatures of 26C or 27C here.” Bookies have slashed the odds on this month recording Britain’s highest ever temperature. Ladbrokes is offering 6-4 from 4-1 on the hottest July ever with Coral 4-5 on this month melting the record books. Ladbrokes spokesman Alex Apati said: "Sun cream sales could go through the roof this month with a record-breaking hot July well on the cards."   Coral’s Harry Aitkenhead added: “Temperatures are going to soar towards 30C for the next few weeks and that is going to push this month right to the brink of being the hottest July since records began. “We are making it very short odds indeed on the warmest ever temperature in the UK being reached at any stage during this summer.” James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “We are about to see a very hot spell of weather which could hold out until the middle of the month. “This could be the first significant heatwave of the summer with temperatures rising into the high-20Cs or even the 30Cs in some regions.” 