Tonight, Friday, July 15, at 10:45pm, Bruce Willis hits ITV screens as the iconic Detective John McClane in Die Hard 2. But the same year that Die Hard 2 was released in cinemas, the incredible action hero passed on a role that would go on to define part of Swayze's career. Willis was given the script for the paranormal romance movie Ghost. The film, of course, went on to star Swayze and Demi Moore in a stunning love story that earned a staggering $500 million at the box office. Not only that, it was nominated for Best Picture, Best Original Score and Best Film Editing at the Oscars, before going on to win Best Supporting Actress and Best Original Screenplay. When Willis received the script, however, he didn't see the appeal. He later confessed: "I just didn’t get it." Willis went on: "I said, ‘Hey, the guy’s dead. How are you gonna have a romance?’ Famous last words." After that, he branded himself as a "knucklehead". In a separate interview, Willis said: "I wish I had not turned down the part that Patrick Swayze eventually played in Ghost. I simply could not see how a romance between a ghost and a living person would work. Duh." He added: "Also, it would have been nice to have worked with Demi again." At the time, Willis and Moore were married, so it would have been a steamy affair for the pair on the big screen. He noted: "I liked that film." READ MORE: Bruce Willis heartbreaking decline described by colleagues Willis made another faux pas six years later in 1996 when he was offered the role of Caravaggio in The English Patient. Unfortunately, his agent suggested that it would not be a good idea for him to take on the role at that point in his career. Willis was, at the time, a serious action movie star, so a gritty drama may not have been a good move for him. The role was later taken by Willem Dafoe. And Willis was sorry he passed on the movie. DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis heartbreaking decline described by colleagues [HEALTH]Bruce Willis, 67, plants kiss on wife Emma, 44, in sweet tribute [NEWS]Bruce Willis 'didn't know why he was there' on one of last movie sets [INFO] The English Patient was nominated for 12 Oscars the following year. It won nine of them, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Film Editing. The British Film Institute later ranked The English Patient as the 55th greatest British film of the 20th century. Willis also opened up about wanting to be involved in the heist movie Ocean's 11. He was offered the role of Terry Benedict in the movie, the role eventually played by Andy Garcia. Willis remembered: "I wanted to work with George Clooney, and thought I might only have one shot at doing it, and when I read the script, the Terry Benedict role in Oceans 11 wasn't finished yet, so I passed on it. Another bad choice." He added that Garcia "did a great job with it". Still, it isn't all bad. Willis went on to play David Dunn in M Night Shymalan's Unbreakable in the same year. Die Hard, Ghost, and Ocean's 11 are available to rent on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE / SOURCE