Victoria Leigh is a flight attendant based in California. She posts her travel tips and insights into cabin crew life to her 81.4k followers on her TikTok account @thevictorialeighproject. The travel expert also shares tips on her Instagram account @thevictorialeighproject and her Youtube account. She recently detailed a hack that will come as a blessing to many. Not all hotel curtains close entirely, leaving a slither of light in the middle. The expert explained a way to totally close these curtains, a Hail Mary for light sleepers who crave the darkness. Victoria said: "If you're at a hotel and your curtains don't close all the way, here's a trick. READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane - 'promise me you won't' "Go into your closet and grab one of the trouser hangers. "Take one side of the curtain and drape it over another and clip both sides of the hanger in place. Ta-da! No more light." Fans were quick to praise the clever trick. One said: "Solid gold tip, that is. (Why do the curtains never completely shut?)" Another said: "I use a big claw hair clip but that’s a good one!" "Great hotel tip for anyone," another commented. DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation [SHOCK] '100 percent guarantee' your luggage will not get lost [FLIGHT ATTENDANT] 'It is a must': Flight attendant's 'lifesaver' for sore ears [EXPERT]  One wrote: "I just had that problem at a hotel, used your tip, and my husband thought I was brilliant." One commenter struggled with the tip and said: "I tried this but it didn’t work the curtains were too heavy. They keep them open so you don’t sleep in." Victoria responded: "Oh no! Maybe try a couple of them? They definitely don’t mess around with check-out times." Flight attendants have spent decades travelling, in some cases. They are, therefore, uniquely positioned to dispense travel advice. Here are a number of tips dispensed by flight attendants.  Book an early flight Flight attendant Caroline advised travellers on the best time of day to book a flight. The earlier the better," she said. "I know you don't want to wake up at 3am to catch a 5am flight but I promise you the earlier you book a flight, the earlier your flight, is the smoother everything is going to go." Download the airline's app Caroline also said: "Download the app of whatever airline you're flying. "These applications have so much information these days. "At least download it for the day and then you can delete it." Don't drink the hot drinks A number of online hacks from flight attendants urged travellers not to drink the hot water on flights. One such flight attendant, who goes by Cierra Mist, said: "Unless we're super desperate, we will not drink the coffee or tea that's supplied on the plane. "The water that we use for the coffee and the tea comes from the same spot, and guess what, it never gets cleaned." Always be able to find your luggage Flight attendant Cici posts her travel expertise to her TikTok account cici_inthesky. She suggested using an AirTag to stay on top of the location of your luggage. Cici said: "AirTag is a super-easy way to keep track of your stuff. Attach one to your keys, and slip another in your backpack. "And just like that, they’re on your radar in the Find My app, where you can also track down your Apple devices and keep up with friends and family."