Kelly Brook, 46, looked amazing in a white lace gown today as she married her boyfriend of seven years Jeremy Parisi, 37. The newlyweds exchanged vows in Italian port town Civitavecchia, surrounded by family and friends. Kelly looked amazing in the traditional white bridal gown that featured lovely sheer lace detailing on the arms. The dress perfectly drew in the radio djs hourglass figure, while Jeremy looked very dapper in black three-piece suit. She wore her long brunette tresses down in soft waves, while accessorising with a veil and floral tiara on the top of her head. An inside source told a UK publication about the wedding's star studded guest list including the likes of Kylie Minogue. READ MORE: Frankie Boyle jokes 'about raping and f*****g Holly Willoughby' The source revealed: "Kelly has invited all her friends and stars like Kylie are on the guestlist. "The ceremony is going to be really romantic but Kelly wants to give her family and pals a real party afterwards. "She has been in talks with a company to put on a funfair for everyone — and the drinks will be flowing all night", an inside source told The Sun. Kelly began dating the Italian hunk in 2014 after watching one of his Instagram videos. Speaking about her private relationship previously, she said: "I just have to protect my partner. He’s not in the public eye and he doesn’t typically like to talk about things that we do privately. "As much as I’m a big mouth and like to tell everything that I’ve got going on, he’s the complete opposite. "And I think you have to respect your partner’s wishes", she told Fabulous Magazine. Kelly also regularly gushes over her partner and how content she is at this stage of her life. DON'T MISS... J.K. Rowling’s fortune made her richest fiction author ever [INSIGHT] Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry displa [PICS] Geri Halliwell watches Lionesses with Mel as hubby celebrates win [INSTAGRAM] She exclaimed: "I've found someone who can keep up with me and the lifestyle that I love. "It's the combination of having a very exciting life but also having moments where it's nice to stay home, watch Netflix and walk the dog. It's getting that balance", Kelly revealed to The Mirror. Kelly has had a series of relationships in the public eye, most notably with Hollywood hunk Jason Statham. The former couple dated from 1998 until 2004 and even were engaged before they decided to end it. Speaking about their relationship, she admitted: "I’m not the same as I was when we met. "I'm a lot more complex now – a lot more high maintenance. "And sometimes you don’t know what you want until it hits you", she said to HELLO! magazine. In 2018 Kelly revealed that she proposed to her boyfriend while on holiday in Antigua. However, it was reported that he turned her down, but she was spotted with a ring later on that year.