Stranger Things has taken the number one spot in the Netflix top 10 with season four being the most heartbreaking yet. Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) was on a reign of terror and fans were unsure if Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) could stop him. The TV show's make-up artist, Barrie Gower, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how actor Jamie prepped for his antagonistic role. Stranger Things season four has taken the world by storm with the latest episodes going down as some of the most harrowing yet. The relentless Vecna would stop at nothing to make sure vulnerable victims of Hawkins met their deaths. The first half of season four revealed how Henry Creel transformed into the hideous Vecna after entering the Upside Down following a battle with Eleven. He is covered in vines from head to toe and this iconic look has captured the attention of viewers across the globe. Make-up artist Barrie Gower revealed it took more than eight hours on the first attempt to fit Jamie Campbell Bower's costume. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 5 theory: Dead character to return as villain Speaking to Express.co.uk he said: "It's one of the longest [fittings he has done]. "It was pretty much full-body coverage and when you remove everything at the end of the day it gets destroyed so we had duplicates of everything. "We had a production line creating all these pieces which we would ship out to Atlanta. "The first time we did a camera test it took about eight and a half hours to stick everything on and about an hour and a half to remove everything at the end of the day. "We got it down, the shortest time was six hours and 20 minutes, but it averaged about seven hours." After sitting through the transformation, Jamie would then have a full day of shooting. However, he would never do two days back to back in order to give him some rest time. Barrie praised Jamie for his patience, as well as the whole team, saying: "They were always very aware of exhaustion and they wanted to make sure Jamie never worked for too long at any one time. "Jamie was amazing, we were the first people [he] would see in the morning and the last people he would see before he left in the evening. "But the dynamic we had with Jamie was incredible, we all got on very well and we had a lot of things in common." DON'T MISS... Metallica speaks out on Stranger Things' Master of Puppets scene [DISCUSSION] Stranger Things season 4 star reacts to character's absence [INTERVIEW] Stranger Things star opens up on challenging season 4 death scene [INSIGHT] He said he "never once had a single complaint out of Jamie", and called the star an "absolute trooper". Describing the process Jamie went through, he added: "Jamie he would kind of immerse himself into a bit of a zen-like state. "When we started the process he would be putting music on, we would be watching documentaries, Jamie and ourselves as a team. "And we would be immersed in lots of things during the process, we would be listening to quite a lot of heavy metal aggressive music which would get Jamie's head in the right sort of frame of mind. "But also the tempo of things would help us as well from an application process, so it would get us to work quite quickly as well." The star went on to pay tribute to Jamie for being a "very down to earth, grounded actor". Barrie added: "[He] had an incredible sense of humour and so much patience. "I think he had a lot of love for the art of it as well, so he was very respectful of our work and the time we had to spend with him. "Once we had finished the application each day he would usually request to go off to either his trailer or the tent on the film set and he could have a good 10, 20 minutes to himself and prepare himself each day as well." Fans will have to wait and see whether Vecna returns at his full strength in season five.  Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now.