Journalist and broadcaster Eamonn Holmes detailed his anger after it was revealed a viral death game was the result of Archie Battersbee’s heart-breaking hospital admission. After a candid interview with the youngster's mother, Holmes decided to raise awareness in his latest column.  After presenting ITV’s This Morning for 15 years, the Northern Irish presenter landed a role on GB News where he first met Archie’s mother, Hollie Dance. She made an appearance to raise awareness for her 12-year-old son, who was in hospital long-term and relied on life-supporting treatment. Hollie was campaigning for her son after she received a heart-breaking ruling which stated his treatment should come to an end. Reflecting on this revelation, Eamonn fumed as the story did not make major headlines due to the Prime Ministerial race. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew Holmes wrote in his column for Express.co.uk, that the ruling was taken to the judge after the doctor revealed he would never recover. This was a devastating blow for Hollie who was adamant her son was responsive to his family and friends. She told the broadcaster: “He knows we are there. I am convinced his condition is fully reversible. Hollie added: “There’s a very firm grip when he holds my hand.”  After relaying their heart-breaking interview, Eamonn expressed his fury after discovering the reason Archie was in hospital was down to a viral game. He wrote: “I could barely believe what I was hearing when Hollie revealed this. “But what is even more appalling is that these dares are STILL freely available to watch and take part in on social media.” Eamonn questioned: “What on earth is going on?”  DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes admits he ‘wouldn’t recommend’ TV career 'to anyone' [INSIGHT]Poor Archie played awful online death game, all parents must hear this [INSIGHT] Archie had landed in hospital as a result of a dangerous online death game. Youngsters with social media were encouraged to hold their breath in the viral game labelled ‘blackout dare’. Eamonn continued: “I wonder if these billionaire bosses sitting in Silicon Valley who are raking in riches have ever heard the name Archie Battersbee? I doubt it. “Do they care about the pain and anguish felt by Hollie and all the other families whose children have been taken down a dark path thanks to the Internet?” 