Mixed martial arts fans the world over are desperate to see the rivalry between Nate Diaz and Conor McGregor reach its long-anticipated conclusion inside the Octagon. However, Diaz has refused to face 'Notorious' as he continues to campaign for his release from the company. The Stockton, California, native has been calling out the UFC in recent weeks for refusing to release him while he has one fight remaining on his current contract. Diaz, 37, became the first UFC fighter to defeat McGregor when he submitted the Dubliner at UFC 196 in March 2016. McGregor, 34, avenged the loss at UFC 202 five months later, and it was believed to be only a matter of time before the pair settled the trilogy for good. However, Diaz appeared to suggest he won't be used as a tool to relaunch McGregor's career as he prepares to return from a year-long injury lay-off. "They don't want to let me go. They won't let me out of this contract because they want me to fight Conor. That's what's happening," Diaz (20-13) told host Ariel Helwani during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour. "They don't want me out without finishing that fight up. I'm not fighting Conor McGregor right now. Our timelines aren't matching up. READ MORE Conor McGregor fires shots at Jake Paul as YouTuber and UFC star clash after fight offer  "You didn't fight me when you were supposed to fight me. I'm not fighting you right now. I'm supposed to bring you back to life before I go? You bring yourself back to life and then I'll be back later. I've got s*** to do." Former UFC featherweight and lightweight champion McGregor hasn't fought since July 2021 when he fractured his leg en route to a second straight defeat against Dustin Poirier. He's lost three of his past four bouts, and his only MMA win since December 2016 was a 40-second TKO victory over Donald Cerrone in January 2020. “I’ve said this a million times and I’ll say it again — we can’t hold guys hostage," said UFC President Dana White when he was quizzed about Diaz's comments following Saturday's card in Long Island. "It’s not possible. I owe you three fights a year. If I don’t fight you three times a year, I have to pay you. How could I hold him hostage?” DON'T MISS Conor McGregor fires cheeky shot at Khabib Nurmagomedov after UFC Hall of Fame induction Max Holloway rushed to hospital after sustaining horror cut in fight with Volkanovski Conor McGregor reaping fruits of new training regime as pictures show transformation    White answered a follow-up question regarding the plans for Diaz by enthusing: "We're gonna get him a fight." Diaz has insisted he's been active in seeking out certain opponents for the past year but is yet to see a fixture materialise. Like McGregor, Diaz has lost his past two fights, the most recent of which was a unanimous-decision loss to Birmingham's Leon Edwards in June 2021. The American has been propositioned by YouTuber Jake Paul for a boxing matchup but would not be able to accept the bout while under contract with the UFC.