Mariana is a flight attendant. She created the blog Mariana’s Postcards, where she posts travel advice, tips, and guides. Based in Salt Lake City, she shares her insights on TikTok and her Instagram account @marianapostcards. Recently she shared "travel essentials" she can't live without. Mariana listed the must-haves she always takes in her carry-on luggage onboard the plane. Mariana, who has amassed over one million likes on her video on TikTok, shares the insider hack. She listed the "six things in (her) carry on that just makes sense." READ MORE: 'Unless we're super desperate': Flight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation "First up we have the cable organiser," the flight attendant said. "It holds all my chargers and hard drives all in one place. "Next up we have the universal adapter. It plugs into 150 different countries around the world. "I have a passport holder that not only holds my passport but my vaccine cards, credit cards and comes with a little pen. It's great for customs. "I pack a Fire Stick. You can stream all your favorite apps no matter what the hotel TV has. DON'T MISSGenius flight attendant hotel room trick to create black-out blinds [HACK] Flight attendant divulges the best time of day to fly [TRAVEL TIPS] Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane [WARNING] She also packs a "laundry bag that compacts very small." The flight attendants said it "comes in handy when you need to separate dirty clothes or shoes. "Lastly, this medicine bag in which I like to keep lotion, chapstick, Advil, earplugs. Anything that I'm going to need for the flight, and I keep it by me the entire time." Another flight attendant told travellers a piece of clothing to "always, always pack" when travelling on a plane. The travel packing tip was shared by cabin crew professional Caroline, 28, from Florida. She shares her travel advice on her TikTok account where she boasts 82.8K followers. She said: "This is simple but I can't tell you how many times a day I get asked for a blanket by someone wearing shorts and a crop top on the plane. "Always, always, always bring a sweatshirt on the plane, to the airport."