The battle to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister is tearing the Tories apart. Despite niceties and claims from both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss that they respect one another and will come together at the end of the contest, there was little sign of unity tonight. The hour-long televised BBC debate between the pair was a toxic, bitter fight to the death. Leadership debates between different parties before a general election have been more civil than what took place in Stoke-on-Trent this evening. Mr Sunak tore chunks out of Ms Truss as he spoke over her and accused her tax cut plans of being un-Conservative. His opponent said he had made a "massive mistake" in his economic policy as Chancellor and had crashed the economy. Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HERE In fact, at points, the duo really did appear to be from two different parties. Even just being associated with the rival campaign was enough to make you the enemy. After being reminded of a book she had jointly authored with current Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab, Ms Truss threw her senior Cabinet colleague under the bus. The 2011 book titled Britannia Unchained referred to "British idlers" as being among "the worst in the world". The Foreign Secretary said: "Each author wrote a different chapter. "Dominic Raab wrote that chapter - he’s backing Rishi Sunak." DON'T MISS:Truss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency law [UPDATE]Boris MUST be on the ballot for Tory members rages Campbell Bannerman [REACTION]TV debates: How political titans turned contests into slanging matches [INSIGHT] The debate looked like two different parties, certainly not one single unified family. The risk is that not only do the rows from the contest spill over and continue in the months afterwards, but that the divisions become so embedded they expel the Tories to the Opposition benches for a generation. It sounds cliche to say "neither candidate won" but tonight that is definitely true. Sir Keir Starmer and the Labour Party must be thrilled with how the debate unfolded - they were the only winners tonight. For every day this leadership contest drags on, the more and more damaged the Conservative party looks. A new leader isn't picked until September 5. The damage done to the party so far has been done in just 14 days since nominations officially opened. The Tories are badly hurting already, their battle wounds risk being fatal by the end of the summer.