Tottenham have been priced out of a move for Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar after the Serie A club raised their asking price to £68million. The Slovakian international has become a target for Antonio Conte as he looks to strengthen his back three - but he looks set to miss out on his former player. Inter were reportedly willing to sell Skriniar for a fee closer to £59m earlier in the window with Spurs said to be interested alongside Ligue 1 winners PSG. The Serie A runners-up planned to replace the defender with Torino’s Gleison Bremer, however, their inability to sell the Slovakia captain quickly meant they missed out on the Brazilian to Juventus. Now they look set to keep Skriniar at the club for another season and make him a key part of their backline. His contract expires in 2023 - but there is a verbal agreement in place over an extension that the 27-year-old is expected to stick to. The club have hence raised his asking price in order to put off potential suitors according to Sky Italy, as per Football Italia. Skriniar has made 215 appearances for Inter since joining the club from Sampdoria in 2017. His spell at the club has coincided with him growing in stature for the national team, eventually replacing the retiring Marek Hamsik as international captain last month. JUST IN: Jules Kounde's next club 'confirmed' as Barcelona chief addresses Chelsea transfer hijack He is not the only Nerazzaurri defender to be linked with a move to Tottenham as Conte looks to raid his former club. Italy international Alessandro Bastoni was heavily linked with a move to north London earlier in the transfer window but the Serie A side were not prepared to sanction a transfer. It is likely they will attempt to return to Inter next summer given the short-term loan deal the club have since arranged for Barcelona centre-half Clement Lenglet. The Frenchman is seen as a temporary, low risk fix at White Hart Lane with the club able to look at more impressive long-term targets next year when they have a larger transfer budget. Tottenham have already been very active during the transfer window bringing in five other new faces alongside Lenglet. Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Djed Spence and most notably Richarlison have all arrived to challenge for a spot in the first team and provide much-needed squad depth. The White Hart Lane faithful can look forward to the season ahead as they wait to see how well their new signings gel under a world-class manager like Conte.