Having developed a reputation as the “bad boy” of tennis, Kyrgios’ abilities as a player cannot be denied. In singles, his career-high ATP ranking of world No. 13 was achieved on 24 October 2016 and he has won six ATP Tour titles and has reached nine finals. Off the court, the 27-year-old has spoken publicly about his difficult time with mental health, some of which was made worse due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The star admitted that he “spiralled out of control” and got to the point of self-harm and relying on both drugs and alcohol.  “It was very serious, to the point of self-harm and it's not okay,” Kyrgios shared back in May 2022. "I guess I pushed everyone that cared about me away and I wasn't communicating, and I just shut down real life and I was trying to handle and tackle my problems head-on. “I was abusing alcohol a lot, drugs and that spiralled out of control.” The talented tennis star shared that at his lowest, he thought that he was “letting people down all the time” with individuals believing that he was “the crazy tennis player” rather than a human being.  DON'T MISS: Sue Nicholls: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer - 'Ugly duckling' signs “If you look closely, on my right arm you can see my self harm. I was having suicidal thoughts and was literally struggling to get out of bed, let alone play in front of millions.” Having been through an intense struggle of his own, the star went on to encourage others who may not be okay to reach out and talk to others. He shared: “I know that day to day life can seem extremely exhausting, impossible at times. “I understand that you feel if you open up it may make you feel weak, or scared. I’m telling you right now, it’s OK, you are not alone. I’ve been through those times when it seemed as if those positive energetic vibes were never ever going to be reality.” In fact, after initially struggling with the Covid pandemic, Kyrgios found strength during the lockdown and was able to cut down on his drinking and build on his relationships with friends and family.  He finished by saying: “Now, I barely drink, I literally have a glass of wine at dinner. That was the initial kind of thing I had to clean up a little bit and then build my relationship back with my family and get into healthier habits like the basics; like diet, getting good sleep, trying to train a little bit more and that was it. "I think Covid helped me a lot with that." Depression, as defined by the Priory Group, is a mental health disorder that is characterised by feelings of sadness, anxiety, hopelessness and many other psychological and physical symptoms. It can affect people of all ages, genders and backgrounds. During the Covid pandemic, those affected by depression saw a dramatic increase, which is shown in statistics by the Office for National Statistics. Around one in five (21 percent) adults experienced some form of depression in early 2021 (27 January to 7 March); this is an increase since November 2020 (19 percent) and more than double that observed before the Covid pandemic (10 percent).  In its mildest form, depression can mean just being in low spirits. Although it may not stop your normal life, it does make everything harder to do and seem less worthwhile. In contrast, at its most severe, depression can be life-threatening because it can make you feel suicidal. There are several ideas about what causes depression including life events, childhood experiences, genetic inheritance and other mental health problems but for some depression can develop for no apparent reason. What is important to remember is that no matter the cause of depression, there are various treatments that have been found to help with depression. From self-help resources, talking therapies and medication. For more information and confidential mental health support contact Mind on 0300 123 3393 or via email at info@mind.org.uk. 