From plants that can target joint pain to herbal teas for relieving stomach problems, there are plenty of natural remedies. While some herbs like mint are packed with benefits for your health without posing risk, others might not be so black and white. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, Dr Ellie shared what to watch out for. Dr Ellie said: “I think just because something is natural, of course, that doesn’t mean it’s safe. “But I think if something has been used for thousands of years, of course, you’ve got that history that tells us they are safe. “But they are not regulated." Unlike medicine you buy in pharmacies, herbal remedies don’t get heavily scrutinised before settling on a recommended dose. READ MORE: Covid: Man shares ‘the backbone' of protection that kept him Covid free - It's 'easy' The doctor explained that the lack of regulation is one of the problems that doctors like her have with natural medicine. She added: “And we don’t know what the dosing could be. “Whereas if I’m telling you to take aspirin, I know what the dose is because there have been trials. “We don’t know what the dose is [for herbs and plants] and there could also be side effects.”  The doctor also warned that it’s important to “be careful” of interactions with other medications. Dr Ellie said: “They can sort of interact with things and maybe cause problems if you’ve got a liver disease or kidney disease. “So it’s always worth speaking to your pharmacist.” While some herbal remedies can be tricky, the benefits of others like turmeric and mint are well-pronounced.  “But things like turmeric and mint tea, they are obviously going to be good,” Dr Ellie added. Mint tea has been linked with various benefits, ranging from better digestion to reduced pain from headaches. The TV doctor noted: “Doctors actually prescribe mint capsules for irritable bowel syndrome, that’s NHS guidelines.” But turmeric seems to be even more potent with some evidence suggesting it's able to reduce the risk of dementia while protecting your heart. Ginger is another well-known remedy that is used to battle a sore throat. However, the NHS recommends it as well. Dr Ellie said: “If you look at the medical guidelines [on] how to treat sickness in pregnancy, it would actually mention ginger. “I’m sure if you’ve ever felt sick, your mum or your granny has said 'Have ginger biscuits or ginger tea'.” And the list of herbal and alternative remedies is endless. However, it’s important to remember that some treatments can counteract so it's important to speak to a medical expert first.