Neighbours has been cancelled after a whopping 37 years with just a handful of episodes left to air. It is terrible news for fans of the Channel 5 soap but before final goodbyes are said, there will be some familiar faces back on Ramsay Street. One of which will be the show's 1990s heartthrob Daniel MacPherson as Joel Samuels. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Neighbours.Joel Samuels was in Neighbours for four years as the roommate of Toadie Rebecchi (played by Ryan Maloney). He embarked on a romance with Dee Bliss (Madeleine West) - Toadie's future wife - and had planned to travel the world with her. When Joel finished his marine biology degree, he was offered a job on a crew ship and travel around the world. He wanted Dee to join them but she decided against it and they said their fond farewells at the marina before Joel left for good. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims After leaving his days on Ramsay Street behind, Joel actor Macpherson went on to star in a plethora of popular shows. His first port of call was crime drama The Bill, where he stayed for a year as PC Cameron Tait. From this, the 41-year-old actor went on to appear in Tripping Over, City Homicide, The Shannara Chronicles, Wild Boys and Bad Mothers. For three years, MacPherson starred as Sgt. Samuel Wyatt in the Sky drama Strike Back. His latest part has been as Hugo in the sci-fi Apple TV+ drama Foundation which came out last year. He was married to fellow Wild Boys star Zoe Ventoura who he had three-year-old son Austin with in December 2019. The couple was married for five years before splitting up two years ago. MacPherson is now returning to his roots, ready to star in the final week of Neighbours. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty issues apology after laughing at cancer quip [EXPLAINER]Harry and Meghan ‘to avoid' William and Kate at Balmoral [ROYAL]Margot Robbie's confirmed return to Neighbours delights fans [CAST] As Toadie gets ready to marry Melanie Pearson (Lucinda Cowden), Joel returns to mark the special day with his old friend. The two have a lot to catch up on, including why Toadie fell out with their mutual friend Amy Greenwood (Jacinta Stapleton) who returned after 20 years away in 2020. She moved out of Number 30 and began distancing herself from him, leaving Toadie confused at what he done. Amy has developed secret feelings for her life-long friend but will she confess this before the big day? Talking about his return to Neighbours, MacPherson explained: "It is the biggest head spin coming back here. "I haven't been on the Neighbours set for 20-something years, even the drive out here my mind was blown. "To come and see all the faces again, all my friends, to get back on the sets, it was one of the most enjoyable times of my life. "I was 18 when I started here, left when I was 21 so to come back again, my head is spinning." Neighbours continue every day this week at 6pm on Channel 5.