Last week, the National Insurance threshold was raised which will result in Britons being able to keep some more of their take home pay. This plan was introduced by the then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak as part of the Government’s spending plans to mitigate the impact of the rise in National insurance payments. One of these main changes is an increase to the annual National Insurance thresholds for employees, as well as for the self-employed for the self-employed. The tax threshold is the financial point at which people start to pay the standard rate of the tax on their salary or on their profits. With this change, the primary threshold for the main rate of National Insurance has gone up from £9,880 to £12,570. The Government believes this tax change will assist around 30 million people across the country. In practical terms, this means those affected by the threshold change will save £30 a month and £330 every year. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  Around 70 percent of National Insurance taxpayers will pay less contributions, even when the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy is taken into account. The Health and Social Levy will replace this year’s hike in National Insurance payments which has been introduced to pay for the country’s fledgling social care system. Furthermore, around 2.2 million people will no longer pay Class 1 and Class 4 National Insurance contributions and the Health and Social Care Levy entirely. Steven Cameron, the pensions director at Aegon, noted that taxpayers have been detrimentally affected by the constant changes to the tax rules.  Mr Cameron explained: “The Chancellor has been playing swings and roundabouts with income tax and National Insurance. “Freezing most income tax thresholds until 2026 is dragging millions more people into paying more income tax as wages rise. “The employee rate of National Insurance also increased in April from 12 percent to 13.25 percent to help the NHS recover from the pandemic and in future to fund the Government’s share of social care. However, the finance expert noted that the extra £30 a month will benefit those who are struggling during the cost of living crisis. Currently, the country is dealing with a 9.1 percent inflation, which is expected to hit 11 percent in the coming months. Furthemore, the nation’s energy price cap is forecast to reach £3,200 by October which will put further pressure on families. According to Mr Cameron, with many low income earners no longer needing to pay the levy, more money can be used to pay for essential bills. He added: “But from July 6, there’s some good news as the lower threshold of earnings on which employees pay National Insurance is increasing which for most will mean a boost in take-home pay of around £30 per month. “Raising the threshold will also take over two million people out of paying National Insurance altogether. “In further good news, those no longer paying NICs will still receive credits towards their future state pension as long as they earn above £6,396 a year. “While this will be welcomed by those individuals, it does call into question the sustainability of state pension funding with today’s state pensions being paid for from the NICs of today’s workers.”