Season four of Virgin River had plenty of twists and turns with most of the action focusing on Mel Monroe’s (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) pregnancy and her tumultuous relationship with local heartthrob Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson). The new series featured plenty of familiar faces including Vince (Steve Bacic). Here’s the lowdown on the villainous character and how he fits into the drama. Vince is one of the main villains of Virgin River and proved to be a formidable foe against Preacher (Colin Lawrence). He is the twin brother of Paige Lassiter’s (Lexa Doig) late husband Wes (also Bacic) and has been causing all sorts of trouble. The character was revealed to have shot Jack at the bar with freshly unearthed CCTV footage confirming as much. Vince also framed Dan Brady (Benjamin Hollingsworth), who went down for the crime after the weapon was found in his car. READ MORE: What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? With the CCTV footage now out in the open, Jack was able to recall Vince was his attacker and opening the doors to Brady’s freedom. But this isn’t the end of Vince’s misdeeds, he also kidnapped Paige’s son Christopher (Chase Petriw) while Preacher was caring for the boy. Vince took Christopher and fled to a remote cabin, leading Preacher to follow him into the wilderness to save him. Despite ending his romance with Paige, Preacher came to his ex-girlfriend’s aid after he helped her to stake out the cabin in the woods where Vince was holding Christopher hostage. In the end, Paige cut a deal with Vince to exchange herself in place of her son which he accepted. Vince was acting out of anger for the death of his twin, whom Paige had killed after he’d been abusing her. He kidnapped Paige and demanded to know where she’d hidden Wes’ body, but she didn’t know. Preacher then took on Vince with the two men fighting so Paige could be reunited with Christopher. In the end, it appeared Preacher had killed or at least knocked out Vince with a piece of firewood, with questions over the antagonist’s fate going forward. Speaking about the climactic tussle between Preacher and Vince, actor Hollingsworth said: “The firewood smash at the end is my favorite [sic] part. “Out of nowhere, he just completely K.O.'s him and it was fun to see that side and see Preacher being back to the roots of what bonded all these guys together." Reflecting on Preacher’s motivations in the show, actor Lawrence told Entertainment Weekly he was simply “looking for love” and “wants to be happy”. DON'T MISS...Who is Preacher’s new girlfriend? Inside real romance with co-star [INSIGHT]What happened to Paige on Virgin River? [EXPLAINER]Who is Stacie in Virgin River? [ANALYSIS] Given the dramatic note season four ended on, it seems unlikely Preacher will find the peace he’s desperate for. Vince’s actions as well as the fight with Preacher will have consequences for everyone. Season five of Virgin River is now filming after Netflix previously gave the show a double renewal with the acting picking up where it left off at the end of the current run. Therefore, fans are going to be getting answers about Vince as well as seeing what’s next for Preacher. Virgin River season 4 is streaming on Netflix now