It's no secret that Chelsea are in need of defensive reinforcements this summer, and Matthijs de Ligt has been heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge. But Thomas Tuchel has reportedly set his sights on Bayern Munich star Benjamin Pavard as an alternative with the Frenchman a versatile player capable of playing at centre-back even though he is mainly a full-back. Tuchel could raid German giants Bayern for 26-year-old defender Pavard this summer, according to The Mirror. Pavard is a surprising option given he is usually seen as a full-back rather than a natural centre-half. Bundesliga champions Bayern may though have to sell in order to bring in their intended targets. In fact, one of Bayern's main targets is De Ligt, as the German side appear to have scuppered Chelsea's intended raid for the Juventus star. But when one door closes, another opens, and Pavard could be forced out in order to facilitate Bayern's move for the Dutchman. Tuchel could see Pavard as a potential major asset across his back-line, as the Frenchman can play in a number of positions, and has done so for club and country. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'  But in a bizarre transfer triangle, Juventus are also keeping tabs on the Bayern defender as all three sides prepare for lengthy negotiations. Chelsea have been severely weakened this summer already, as Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have left on a free transfer, and Romelu Lukaku has temporarily moved back to Italy. They are yet to make a signing, although they have been extremely active in the talks department. Jules Kounde remains linked as Chelsea look to chase their long-term target once more, but Tuchel's eye is currently on Pavard as the defender can play either wing-back, full-back or inside a back three.  DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline Pavard first announced himself to the world when he scored a stunning goal for France during their 4-3 win over Argentina during the 2018 World Cup, which they went on to win. Bayern quickly moved in for the Frenchman, and has been a success at the club ever since. Three Bundesliga titles have followed, and Pavard even scooped up the Champions League back in 2020 after Bayern beat Paris Saint Germain in the final. Pavard made 35 appearances for Bayern across all competitions last season, but the club are reportedly open to selling the star they paid £30million for back in 2019. Chelsea aren't alone in their chase, as Atletico Madrid are also keen alongside Juventus. Diego Simeone's side have now let Sime Vrsaljko leave the club just months after Kieran Tripper vacated the right-back position. 