Newcastle United will look to have six new signings in place by the time the team takes to the St James’ Park turf for their opening game against Nottingham Forest. The club has already looked to strengthen their defensive options with Matt Targett, Nick Pope and Sven Botman joining the side. The focus will now largely be on improving options further forward before taking on the Premier League new boys. It is the first summer window that the club have had under their new Saudia Arabian owners who have not been afraid to splash the cash to help manager Eddie Howe. The first person to join, or rather rejoin the club was Matt Targett. The English left-back spent the second half of last season on loan at the Magpies and is now set for a longer stay after arriving in a £12million deal. He provides a solid, dependable option on the left side of the defence and allows Allan Saint-Maximin to concentrate on attacking without the need to track back too often. Burnley's Nick Pope was next to join with the club taking advantage of the Claret's relegation to sign the England international on a cut price deal. The position was not one that United instantly needed to upgrade given the good form of current No 1 Martin Dubravka - but the opportunity to sign the 30-year-old for just £10m was one that they could not afford to pass up. Lille defender Sven Botman was the Magpies, third and most notable signing. The north-east club beat the likes of AC Milan in order to secure the £35m man who has been tipped to become one of the world’s best in his position. Despite being left-footed he has so far slotted in seamlessly to the right of fellow left-sider Dan Burn in pre-season and will be expected to form a solid partnership with the best centre-half currently at the club. READ MORE: Arsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' The club’s priority is now to move for more attacking talents. A new striker appears to be top of their shopping list given the injury issues faced by current No 9 Callum Wilson. The Englishman is undoubtedly one of the best frontmen in the league outside the big six when fully fit but cannot be relied upon to play regularly. Newcastle’s main target was Reims striker Hugo Ekitike however their six-month-long pursuit of the player came to an end last week when he decided to join PSG. The club have been linked with a range of other options including Alexander Isak, Armando Broja and a return for former player Ivan Toney so the club will be hopeful of having a new face in for the start of the season. A new winger also appears to be on the agenda. Ryan Fraser made considerable improvements to his game during the latter part of last season while Miguel Almiron has shown moments of technical brilliance to go alongside his immense work rate. However, it will still be a position the club will feel they could improve upon. The Magpies are said to be interested in a host of exciting names including Moussa Diaby, Anthony Gordon and Marco Asensio so may try to bring one in before the Forest game. DON'T MISSChelsea told to sign 'brilliant' Timo Werner replacement who is 'superb' upgradeTottenham star Richarlison aims 'punch' at Sevilla player during feisty friendlyMan Utd board have signed another 'Zlatan Ibrahimovic' for Erik ten Hag Central midfield is another area where the side looks slightly light. It is the area that has improved the most since Howe’s arrival. Joelinton has undergone a sensational transformation from mocked striker to gritty box-to-box midfielder while January signing Bruno Guimaraes provides significant X-Factor and would compete for a place for most Premier League teams. However, it is Jonjo Shelvey that may find his position under threat. The 30-year-old has undergone something of a renaissance under Howe at the base of the midfield trio but may make way for a more solid defensive option. PSV midfield Ibrahim Sangare is reportedly attracting Toon officials and would come in as dominating presence in the centre of the park. Further defensive reinforcements could also be on the cards with the club said to be monitoring Nice centre-half Jean-Clair Todibo and Hoffenheim left-back David Raum however they would be considered auxiliary wants rather than must-haves by the team’s hierarchy. It has been an engrossing transfer window on Tyneside so far this summer. The St James Park faithful will continue to excitedly watch on while the club works to secure their targets before their season gets properly underway against Forest on August 6.