Chelsea ace Reece James had a moment to forget in a pre-season friendly against Club America on Sunday morning, laying a pass back to third-choice goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli that rolled straight into the net. The comical own goal might have prevented the Blues from getting the win, were it not for a late Mason Mount strike that restored momentum for Thomas Tuchel's side. Neither James nor Bettinelli started the pre-season tie against Chelsea's Mexican opponents, but their lack of common game time was quickly exposed after being introduced at half-time. With the Blues already 1-0 up and coasting thanks to an opener from Timo Werner, the under-pressure James saw fit to roll a pass back to Bettinelli without looking up to check the stopper's positioning. Even though the pass was hit without much urgency, it still caught Bettinelli completely off guard and his outstretched leg was not quite long enough to prevent a humiliating mix-up in front of the packed stadium. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte may have another Victor Moses but £22.5m transfer exit likely  Although the own goal pegged Chelsea back at the time, James had played a crucial part in Werner's opener as his low cross arrived at the feet of the German, who fired home from close range. The Blues' winner didn't arrive until the 83rd minute, but fans were rewarded for their patience as Mount curled in a fine effort from the edge of the box. Predictably, Tuchel took his pre-season opportunity to observe a host of peripheral stars and the boss made 11 changes at the interval. There were minutes for the likes of Conor Gallagher, Ethan Ampadu and Michy Batshuayi as the squad bids to regain match fitness ahead of the new campaign. READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic'  While Tuchel had a chance to survey a huge range of players, there was no room for new signings Raheem Sterling or Kalidou Koulibaly in Las Vegas. The experienced duo set Chelsea back a reported £84million by arriving from Manchester City and Napoli respectively, but the clash seemingly came too soon for either star to be thrown into the action. The same can be said for Armando Broja, who was pictured wearing a protective boot earlier this week after picking up an injury in training. Tuchel confirmed that it was nothing serious, however, and Express Sport understands that the boss intends to use pre-season as an indicator as to whether Chelsea should cash in on the striker.  West Ham are rumoured to have submitted a £30m bid after Broja impressed on loan at Southampton last term, but Tuchel insisted that the club have not made up their minds just yet.  "Armando is our player first of all and we have, at the moment, no interest in selling him," he said. "He is here to make an impression after he was on loan in Southampton. "That's his situation from where we look up front. It's good if there's interest as it shows us there's talent and potential. It shows us that Armando is in the position to impress and become a Chelsea player. When will he become a Chelsea player? Nobody knows but hopefully as soon as possible." 