Frenkie de Jong’s agent has reportedly told Manchester United to give up on signing the Barcelona star. On Thursday, the Red Devils agreed a £63million fee with their La Liga counterparts. But with the 25-year-old still seemingly reluctant to make the move, it’ll be interesting to see what unfolds. Manchester United have spent the whole of the summer transfer window chasing De Jong, who is Erik ten Hag’s top target. But, over in Catalonia, they’ve regularly insisted that the 25-year-old is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. It has become a prolonged saga and, now, Catalan newspaper Sport have claimed that De Jong is ‘flatly’ refusing to make the move despite Barcelona’s desire to get him off the wage bill. Ali Dursun, who represents the Netherlands international, has told United duo Richard Arnold and John Murtough to give up due to his client’s reluctance to move to the Premier League. The pair had recently jetted out to Barcelona in the hope of striking an arrangement. But while they’ve now done that with Barcelona themselves, it’s De Jong who is holding up a potential move this summer. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings De Jong ‘doesn’t want to know anything’ about the La Liga side’s attempts to jettison him, such is his desire to stay put. And he also isn’t interested at being in the headlines, either, with the midfielder merely focused on getting ready for the start of the new season. De Jong is supposedly unlikely to change his mind, either, with Dursun conveying this to the United delegates. It’s extremely worrying for Ten Hag, who has been the one driving interest in his former Ajax midfielder from afar. United, if they miss out on De Jong, do appear to have alternatives. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And talkSPORT’s Alex Crook recently mentioned Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves, saying: “I think they should probably walk away sooner, to be honest, bearing in mind the first contact between Manchester United and Barcelona was the middle of May – we are almost in the middle of July. “This is a ridiculous situation. It has been a saga for too long. Either it’s going to happen or it’s not. “I know Manchester United have a back-up list. Youri Tielemans is on that list, as I understand it, as is Ruben Neves from Wolves. “I would call Barcelona’s bluff now and say ‘either you sell him to us, or we will pay the same money and sign Ruben Neves’. “He’s a player who is proven in the Premier League.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team De Jong supposedly has several reasons for refusing to go to United, though he is open to other offers. The first is because he and his fiancee are settled in Barcelona the city, having lived there for the past three years. There’s said to be ‘little sporting interest’ in going to United and the Premier League in general. And De Jong’s refusal to move is hurting Barcelona’s hopes of landing Robert Lewandowski, given they need the money to strike a transfer. Meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick is relaxed amid the claims De Jong doesn’t want to come this summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking to CaughtOffside, he said: “I think the fact that it has rumbled on for so long would suggest that the deal is not dead in the water. “If the player didn’t want to join then United would be making enquiries elsewhere. “I’m sure there’s a huge amount of communication between the player’s agents and the club, and if they made it clear it wasn’t happening, then we’d see United move on. “You do get the impression that Ten Hag is desperate to get De Jong, he’s his man, he was his go-to man at Ajax, he’s the one that team was built around to an extent. “Still, there’s only a certain amount of time you can go after one player.”