EastEnders couple Stuart (played by Ricky Champ) and Rainie (Tanya Franks) have had some challenges thrown at them since the birth of their son Roland. The pressure that Stuart felt after the birth of Roland soon turned into post-natal depression, which he has struggled to come to terms with. Stuart made an irrational decision to take Roland back to Bernadette Taylor (Clair Norris), who is Roland's biological mother. Now, in upcoming spoilers, Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) interferes but could be on the receiving end of his anger. Back in June, Stuart told Rainie that their relationship was over and she deserved to look after Roland on her own. He packed his things and walked out of their home but soon caught an earful from Karen in the Vic for abandoning his son. Karen asked Stuart if he had postnatal depression, which led him to snap at her. He spent the night on a bench as Rainie and Karen tried to talk to him, but he didn't listen and told Rainie that he was planning on leaving. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne In upcoming scenes, Stuart warns Karen to stop sending him leaflets about post-natal depression. Concerned about his wellbeing, Karen tells Callum her concerns and encourages him to try and get his father some help. In the Vic, Callum confronts Stuart about his well-being and encourages him to get the help he needs, but will he listen? Stuart could become furious with Karen for interfering in his business and for bringing Callum into the situation. He has had issues before with addiction, so he could begin to fall off the wagon once again and get his revenge on Karen. If he murders Karen, will he flee Walford without saying goodbye to anyone? Could he fly under the radar? Stuart actor Ricky Champ is set to leave the BBC soap towards the end of the year as their final scenes will finish filming in the summer. A show insider told Digital Spy: "Whenever a new boss comes in, there's always going to be big changes, and it's no different with Chris. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Freddie Slater returns after Little Mo's death [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Suki Panesar exits Walford after Eve betrayal [WATCH] "He's been working hard behind the scenes since January and is really planning to shake things up, which means saying goodbye to some characters. "It's nothing personal to any of the cast going, it's simply a creative decision – for big storylines to happen, you have to say goodbye to people, that's the nature of soap. "Chris has some really big stories planned, and viewers will see his stuff starting to air over the summer. "He's really keen to take the show back to its roots, build up the clans again with some big explosive long-running stories. It's an exciting time to be on the show." Fans of the show were devastated when the news came out that Ricky would be leaving the show as Stuart. @DomStom8 commented: "Ricky, I think EastEnders have made a huge mistake in getting rid of u, mate, I think you are great in the show, I hope u have every success for the future, mate." @HarrietHayes_HH8 added: "I will miss seeing you on EastEnders. Great actor, big mistake letting you go." Sophie Maywest exclaimed: "Gutted you're leaving, EE making a big mistake." EastEnders airs Monday-Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.