On this day, July 20, in 1968, Paul McCartney's life came crashing down around him. It was all because his girlfriend at the time, Jane Asher, a prominent British actor, split up with him in perhaps the most ruthless way possible after five years of being together. McCartney and Asher first met in 1963 as The Beatles were beginning to become one of the biggest acts on the planet. Cynthia Lennon - the wife of McCartney's bandmate and best friend, John Lennon - recalled the young Hey Jude singer falling in love with Asher extremely quickly. She wrote: "Paul fell like a ton of bricks for Jane. The first time I was introduced to her was at her home and she was sitting on Paul’s knee. My first impression of Jane was how beautiful and finely featured she was. Her mass of Titian-coloured hair cascaded around her face and shoulders, her pale complexion contrasting strongly with her dark clothes and shining hair." She added: "Paul was obviously as proud as a peacock with his new lady. For Paul, Jane Asher was a great prize." And she was quite the prize. Asher was only 17-years-old at the time but was already quite famous. She was a child star after appearing in the Robin Hood TV series. She also had continuing appearances in BBC's Juke Box Jury. McCartney was completely head over heels for Asher. The upper-class beauty showed the star a different world from what he was used to. He later said of Asher: "I met Jane Asher when she was sent by the Radio Times to cover a concert we were in at the Royal Albert Hall – we had a photo taken with her for the magazine and we all fancied her. We’d thought she was blonde, because we had only ever seen her on black-and-white telly doing Juke Box Jury, but she turned out to be a redhead. So it was: ‘Wow, you’re a redhead!’" He added: "I tried pulling her, succeeded, and we were boyfriend and girlfriend for quite a long time." McCartney and Asher were together from 1963 to 1968. Towards the end of their relationship, however, he began to have a wandering eye. READ MORE: The Beatles: Vicious George Harrison condemned 'pain' Liam Gallagher In 1968 McCartney started a secret affair with American star Francie Schwartz. Asher found out when she returned from an acting job early and found the Beatle in bed with Schwartz. Naturally, she was stunned. She stormed out and sent her mother back to retrieve her things. Shortly thereafter, Asher went on the TV show Dee Time where she was asked about her relationship with McCartney. She told the millions of viewers: "I haven’t broken it off, but it is broken off, finished." This devastating sentence was followed by an even more heart-wrenching comment. DON'T MISS...Brian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement [NEWS]The Beatles: Vicious George Harrison condemned 'pain' Liam Gallagher [INFO]The Beatles: Paul McCartney on first meeting ‘posh’ John Lennon [INSIGHT] Asher added: "I know it sounds corny, but we still see each other and love each other, but it hasn’t worked out. Perhaps we’ll be childhood sweethearts and meet again and get married when we’re about 70." McCartney has since spoken candidly about his relationship with Asher. He confessed: "We had a good relationship. Even with touring, there were enough occasions to keep a reasonable relationship going. To tell the truth, the women at that time got sidelined. Now it would be seen as very chauvinist of us." He also opened up about the thought of getting married to Asher had he not made a huge mistake. McCartney revealed they had spoken "once or twice" about getting married. "Plans were afoot but I don’t know," he added. "Something really made me nervous about the whole thing. It just never settled with me, and as that’s very important for me, things must feel comfortable for me, I think it’s a pretty good gauge if you’re lucky enough." He said he needed to feel comfortable with Asher to marry her. Adding: "I hadn’t quite managed to be able to get it with Jane."