The Sandman actress Nina Wadia shared the unpleasant experience she had with her costume for the upcoming show. She shared this detail of Fate Mother's ensemble had her in "pain". Highly anticipated drama, The Sandman, is about to hit silver screens but Fate Mother actress Nina Wadia revealed it wasn't all glitz and glamour while filming. An ensemble that included a massive wig had the actress performing in pain for most scenes. She shared details of her Fate Mother costume ahead of the show's August release and also gave an insight into what viewers can expect from the Neil Gaiman creation. The show has been in development for decades and will finally come to life via the streaming giant, Netflix. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Nina was quick to dismiss questions of glamour while filming her scenes for the fantasy series. She said: "I had a big wig on, and it hurt. "It was like carrying another human being on my head. "I don't like when I have to wear a lot of wigs or prosthetics, they take a lot of getting used to and having to perform in them is a bit harder but quite an experience." Moving on, the actress let audiences in on why they should tune in to the episodes, briefly explaining the premise of the storyline. "He's a dream catcher and it's set in the dream world, in dream land and you will come across characters that make you laugh and characters that will frighten you to bits," she shared. Speaking on her experience working with Netflix, the star was delighted to join the platform. She revealed: "It was my first Netflix project, and I was so excited about it because I live very close to the studios." DON'T MISS...'Feels like a life sentence': Actress Nina Wadia's link to disease  [INSIGHT]Strictly’s Nina Wadia speaks out on tearful TV appearance [INSIGHT]Strictly staff 'dreading' return of Nina Wadia on stage [INSIGHT] In the TV adaptation of Neil Gaiman's book, Tom Sturridge stars as the show's main character, Dream while Boyd Holbrook plays a literal walking nightmare, The Corinthian. The series follows the story of the Sandman, aka Dream, who is a cosmic being in control of all dreams. Dream is captured and held prisoner for more than a century so he must journey across different worlds and timelines to fix the chaos his absence has caused. The story was originally a DC comic series and will follow the same anthology formatting of its paperback counterpart. If the trailer is anything to go off, the series will open in the same place as the comics, with the story “Sleep of the Just” from The Sandman #1. That volume follows an exhausted Dream who allows himself to be captured by early 20th-century magician Roderick Burgess. The teaser gives a further glimpse of Game of Thrones‘ Charles Dance as Burgess and Tom Sturridge’s Morpheus breaking free of Burgess’ control, brooding across the sleeping world. The Sandman releases on Netflix August 5.