The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers are continuing their strikes this week with further disruption to rail journeys on Wednesday. To find out more about the union’s demands, Nina Warhurst spoke to Shadow Transport Secretary for Labour Sam Tarry MP on BBC Breakfast but was quick to blast his stance as she pointed out Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer wasn’t on the picket line. At the rail strikes on Wednesday morning, Tarry accused Conservative Transport Secretary Grant Shapps of ignoring RMT’s demands for fairer wages. “Grant Shapps, where is he?” he asked Nina. “Probably on a sun lounger in the Caribbean, or flying his private jet. “He’s not here today, negotiating for the RMT.” However, Nina couldn’t help interjecting, highlighting Tarry's contradiction: “But where is Keir Starmer? Keir Starmer isn’t here, he isn’t backing the strikes.” READ MORE: Amanda Owen admits Clive would be ‘shocked’ by Ravenseat changes Starmer has been widely criticised by Labour supporters and RMT chief Mick Lynch for failing to support the strikes. However, Tarry hit back: “Keir Starmer is working his damnedest every day to get into Number 10.” “But he’s not here, is he?” Nina argued. “He’s not here backing the strikes, and you are.” “Keir Starmer’s job is not to be here,” Tarry insisted. “I’m here as Shadow Transport Minister backing transport workers who are on strike. “Backing the travelling public who deserve a cost-effective, cheap and affordable rail system. “We’re never, ever going to deal with climate change, tackle the kind of issues facing our country, and here in London, car congestion, if we don’t have proper, affordable public transport. “We can’t deliver that if you get rid of the workers that are on the railways.” DON'T MISS:P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford on exploring ‘fresh trauma’ [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey taunts co-star in set blunder [VIDEO]Below Deck's Kyle Viljoen brands Raygan 'weakest link' of season 7 [INTERVIEW] When pressed if Starmer should be in attendance, Tarry answered: “I think any Labour MP or Labour Party member will have absolute solidarity with striking workers.” However, when asked if the Labour leader should be standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Lynch, he doubled back: “This isn’t about the leader of the Labour Party. “This is about ordinary workers. The message of the Labour Party is if we were in government these RMT and TSA members would not be on strike today. “We would have been around a table, we’d have sorted this out, a fair pay deal would have been put in place.” In May this year, Lynch claimed Starmer was “not on the side of workers” and suggested unions were considering their affiliation with Labour. He told Sky News: “I’ve seen no response from the Labour frontbench which says, ‘We support the workers in their struggles’. “And that is the role of a Labour Party – the name gives it away – that they’re there to support the labour movement.” BBC Breakfast airs from 6am on BBC One.