The Communication Workers Union (CWU) announced this afternoon (Tuesday) that 97.6 percent of members balloted had voted in favour of industrial action, out of a turnout of 77 percent. The minimum turnout needed for strike action is 50 percent.  It means if strikes go ahead, 115,000 posties from 1,500 workplaces will stage walkouts. The union described the result as "stunning". The union had balloted for strike action at the end of June, over demands that the mail group negotiate over pay and conditions. Royal Mail was planning to impose a 2 percent pay rise on workers, at a time when the cost of living was soaring. It said it had offered a further 3.5 percent to workers, conditional on certain changes to conditions. CWU is calling for a "no-strings" pay increase.   The trade union accused the postal firm of enforcing an effective pay cut "by the same people they have generated incredible profits for", and claimed "our members are going to food banks while bosses reward themselves with advance bonuses". Dave Ward, CWU General Secretary, said there will now be a "small window" of opportunity for talks to avoid walkouts before strike dates are set. He added: "Postal workers won't accept their living standards being hammered by bosses who are typical of business leaders today - overpaid, underqualified, out of their depth. "In our country right now, corporate failure gets rewarded over and over again.   "It's pathetic that CEOs take home lottery win salaries then offer real-terms pay cuts to people who made them their profit. A Royal Mail spokesperson said the company was "disappointed that CWU members have voted in favour of industrial action". They added: "Despite nearly three months of talks, the CWU have not engaged in any meaningful discussion on the changes we need to make to adapt. "Ensuring we can change, at pace, is the route to protecting well-paid, permanent, jobs long term and retain our place as the industry leader on pay and terms and conditions. That is in the interest of Royal Mail and all its employees."    The postal service pledged that it had "contingency plans" in the event of industrial action, "to minimise customer disruption". Other trade unions represting postal workers, Unite and CMA, announced that a planned 72-hour walk-out from tomorrow (Wednesday) would be called off after members voted two to one in favour of striking - below the threshold needed for industrial action. Unite said that talks would resume and that there would need to be "further movement that must be made by Royal Mail for this dispute to be resolved". Royal Mail said in a statement that it was "very pleased" that the Unite/CMA strike had been called off, claiming there "were no grounds for industrial action".  CWU members working for BT have already voted to stage a two-day strike on July 29 and August 1. Dave Ward, the trade union's General Secretary, said the company had "stuck two fingers up to their own workforce". BT responded that it respected the decision to strike, but would not be reopening the 2022 pay review to negotiation. Workers across the country in various sectors are threatening to strike in coming months, as record inflation pushes prices and bills higher.   50,000 rail workers have already staged walkouts this summer, and have announced further strikes this month and the next. In addition, airline staff have balloted to strike, and some bus drivers have gone on strike, prompting fears of continued travel chaos. 