Jeff Hordley has been a staple on Emmerdale since 2000, playing bad boy mechanic Cain Dingle. Over the years, Cain has been the centre of many dramatic storylines, but ITV viewers rarely get to see the Dingle favourite's more vulnerable side. However, in scenes which played out last week, fans watched as Cain shared an emotional moment with his mum Faith (played by Sally Dexter), who is dying of cancer. Speaking in a new interview with Lorraine Kelly, the actor who plays Cain opened up about what it's like to play the mechanic. He went on to tell the host that he doesn't feel like Cain is really a thug. "He's a very complex character, he is a product of what happened to him as a child," Jeff began. "He had a drunk for a father and a mother that left him when he was 10 or 11. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle "I think that's why Cain is the way he is. He's not just this kind of thug or this moody kind of furrowed brow character that was once two-dimensional but now isn't because I've been in the show for so long. "That's the thing, he's like an onion because we get to find out so much more especially as the years go on," Lorraine replied. "I think that's why, despite the fact that has done some despicable things, people still have a soft spot for the character." Discussing his upcoming storyline, the Cain Dingle star continued: "I think in the episodes coming up this week, I think we see a side to him, certainly that I don't think I've ever... "There was a scene we did that will be on this week and took me by surprise as well. "I suppose they're just connected with the script and with the story and sometimes things happen and it was quite emotional. Elsewhere in the interview, Jeff paid a tribute to his on-screen mum, who will be leaving the soap in the coming months. The actor said: "I'm so upset about losing Sally Dexter, though. There are a few actors who come onto the set and you just can't take your eyes off them and what they do. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [SPOILERS]Yellowstone season 5: Did Monica die in childbirth in Kayce's vision? [INSIGHT]Mick Jagger opens up on Keith Richards' real persona [VIDEO] "We were doing something just last night and I was just mesmerised watching her. She's so good and she's just a joy to work with. "She's a great human being and I'm so sad we're losing her." Lorraine asked the actor what it was like to film such emotional scenes, to which he replied: "Filming these scenes was a genuine and emotional experience. "These episodes are beautifully written and great to act and I am pleased to have been given the opportunity for people to see another side of Cain." Jeff's co-star Lucy, has also discussed the upcoming scenes, stating: "Chas is desperate for her brother to reconnect with their mother before it's too late." "And these scenes really explore the reasons behind their complicated relationship," the soap star continued to explain. "Chas and Cain have a real heart-to-heart and I loved having the opportunity to explore their past once again. "The scenes were emotional to film and I'm really looking forward to seeing how they come together as part of a really moving episode." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.