I’m not going to be writing about the race for the Tory leadership. Much. (Really, I’m not. This isn’t a double-bluff. We’ll be on to something far more interesting in a few paragraphs). Why? Because as political events go, this one is right up there with watching paint dry. I still cannot believe that Conservative MPs were bone-headed enough to foist two of the most unlikely candidates for prime minister since Labour chose Jeremy Corbyn to lead it into the wilderness. The Tory membership understood their party needed an election winner to replace their deposed... well, election winner. That’s why they made it crystal clear in poll after poll that Kemi Badenoch or Penny Mordaunt had the X factor when it came to the next general election. Instead they got this dull-as-ditchwater pair: an enthusiastic ex-Remainer who has, um, changed her mind (yeah, right) and a man whose socialist economics mean he really should have crossed the floor of the House by now. Both have terrible presentation skills: in the TV debates they come across as badly-designed robots with a series of tech issues and glaring glitches. Yes, Truss may be ahead, but it’s a case of the bland leading the bland. Keir Starmer must be measuring up the curtains for No.10 as I write. So now, as promised, for something completely different. WW3. (There’s a handbrake U-turn to make Rishi’s on VAT look dawdling). Yup. A third world war. The UK’s National Security Adviser this week warned of the dangers of the West and China “miscalculating” their way into nuclear war. Coincidentally, that’s the subject of monster-selling author Ken Follett’s first new novel in a decade. Written and completed before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine was on anyone’s radar, “Never” charts the slow stumble towards a full-on nuclear exchange. It’s horribly convincing, partly because Follet based it on his research into the build-up to the First World War. “I was genuinely astonished to learn that no one – literally NO ONE, on any side wanted to go to war,” he told Judy and I this week during a podcast, “Not Britain, not France, certainly not Germany. It was a series of slowly escalating errors in communication, poor decision making, and good old-fashioned cock-ups. And if that can happen once, it can happen again.” I put it to Follett that the MAD doctrine – Mutually Assured Destruction; the certainty that whoever presses the nuclear button first will ensure their nation’s utter obliteration in immediate response – has kept the world safe since the dawn of the nuclear age. “Hmm... that’s predicated on a superpower not being led by a dangerous lunatic,” said Follett. “In America we’ve just had a president [Trump] who actually asked “What’s the point of having nuclear weapons if you don’t use them?” Russia is currently led by Vladimir Putin and look what he’s just done. I think we put too much faith in MAD.” His is a whopper of a book at more than 300,000 words. A sort of War And Peace, in more ways than one. Maybe you should start reading it now. Time might be shorter than we think. Did you hear Kate Moss on Desert Island Discs this week? Wasn’t she terrific? Modest, self-deprecating, funny, and rather wise. This is a woman who’s been through the mill and come out, rather surprisingly, pretty much in one piece. Host Lauren Laverne, often criticised (unfairly) for her handling of guests on the programme, did a terrific job. DIDs isn’t Newsnight. It’s not supposed to be confrontational. But Laverne didn’t shy away from the tricky subjects – the drug stories, the sexploitation of young models – yet she did so with a warmth and frankness that yielded warm and frank replies. My favourite was the endlessly quoted and controversial Moss aphorism: “Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.” “Oh, that!” she laughed. “That was something a flatmate of mine wrote on our fridge door to stop herself from snacking.” A visiting journalist noticed the sticker, asked Moss about it, and couldn’t resist putting the words directly into the model’s mouth in a subsequent profile, with absolutely no context. Moss doesn’t seem too bothered about it now. In fact, she seemed pretty relaxed and forgiving and mature about most things. I really liked her. Just Stop Oil... Insulate Britain... such groups have every right to protest in our free society and, at a fundamental level, they are right. We DO need to wean ourselves off fossil fuels. We DO need to insulate our homes. It’s their tactics that cause controversy. Here in the UK, the authorities tend to tolerate superglue demos well beyond the point our European neighbours will. For proof of that, visit the websites showing an Italian security guard at the Uffizi gallery dealing with two eco protesters who’d glued themselves to Botticelli’s Primavera. He didn’t wait for solvents to arrive. Ouch.