It appears Gary (played by Mikey North) will do whatever it takes to save Kelly (Millie Gibson) who has been abducted by her loanshark father Rick Neelan's (Greg Wood) associates. However, will the kidnappers tell Kelly that Gary, who she sees as her protector, was the person behind her Coronation Street father's murder? Gary and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) have been hiding a dark secret from Kelly for years. ITV soap fans will recall Gary killed Rick in self-defence after the loanshark lured him into the woods. However, Kelly's mother Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) selflessly took the blame for Rick's death before she died in hospital. Gary hopes to take his secret to the grave, but did he really get rid of all the evidence which links him to Rick's murder? READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen on 'isolating' Ravenseat challenges Gary actor Mikey told Express.co.uk and other media that Kelly's kidnap horror is bringing her closer to the truth. He added: "I keep saying you know with every day that passes, she's getting close to finding out so that increases the jeopardy and I guess you know whenever it all does come out I'm sure that it'll make interesting viewing." Gary may believe only he and Maria know about his murderous past, but do Rick's associates also know what really happened in the woods on that tragic night? Could they take Kelly into the woods and unearth a chilling clue which will convince her Gary is a killer?  Mikey continued: "He hates lying so you know I guess all of all of this is done under false pretences." The actor said the Coronation Street character has been desperately trying to cover things up for a significant time. It appears as though it is only a matter of time before Kelly learns the truth. In dramatic scenes which aired on Friday, Kelly ignored Gary's warnings when she found a stash of cash which belonged to her father. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kelly kills Maria to devastate Gary  [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street theory: Beloved stalwart exits after proposal [THEORY]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley admits fears about future on ITV soap  [INTERVIEW] Against his will, she decided to try and make amends for everyone he ripped off when he was alive, but she ended up getting kidnapped. Reflecting on the build-up to the abduction, Mikey said: "Gary goes off on one when he realises Kelly is speaking to her dad’s old clients. "It's sort of bringing the two worlds together it's bringing his past, together with his present. "He’s desperately trying to keep her away from the truth and away from getting into that world and also he's worried about what mixing with these people is going to do to her - you know he doesn't want her to get dragged into it."  "He’s desperately trying to avoid her finding out more," the actor added. "Kelly's getting close to the truth and he doesn't like that she sort of ignored his advice and this leaves her in a lot of danger." Will Gary have to flee the cobbles if Kelly reports him to the police for murder? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm.