It has been reported that Graham Norton, 59, got married in a lavish affair in his native West Cork over the weekend with 120 guests in attendance. Guests partied at four-star venue Bantry House as they celebrated their union with a private party, with the venue being closed to the public. "The Estate is a popular wedding and events venue and visitors can explore the formal garden, visit the House, enjoy a picnic basket from our Tearoom, have Afternoon Tea in the Library and stay in the East Wing." Talking to the Sunday Mirror back in 2015, Graham said that he felt it would be easier to find someone if he was straight, explaining: “This will sound sexist but that doesn't mean it's any less true. “If I were a straight man, my female partner would have a role in the eyes of society. “She would be the mother of my children, my hostess, the person on my arm at red carpet events. She would have a defined function. “But that's not the case if your partner is male. Every man – no matter how young or fey – has something of the alpha in him.” He added that his ex-boyfriends have previously ended up “loathing” attending events with him because they hadn't “earned it for themselves”. A five-time BAFTA winner, Graham has also turned his attention to the literary world in recent years with his latest novel Forever Home due to be published this year. A TV dramatisation of his first novel, Holding, was aired earlier in 2022, starring Cork’s Siobhán McSweeney. Previously listed as one of the BBC’s best-paid employees, Graham was listed in 2020 as its third-highest-paid presenter with an annual salary of £815,000 for his Radio 2 show alone. DONT MISS:Claudia Winkleman admits she still uses eyeliners from 22 years ago (PHOTOS)Hannah Waddingham, 47, almost spills out of very low-cut white dress (NEWS)Arlene Phillips exposes 'secrets' as she and Bruno Tonioli reunite (LATEST)  He quit the programme at the end of last year after jumping ship to Virgin Radio. Therefore, he did not feature in the BBC’s top 10 list last year. His award-winning Friday night chat show is produced by BBC Studios, which is classed as a commercial entity and exempt from the list. Speaking on if he is friends with any of his guests, Graham said he is “not”. In an interview with Metro, Graham said: “You’d think that, but no. It’s not like I don’t like lots of the guests but I’m 59, I’ve got a bunch of friends. “Also, when am I going to see them again? Next time they’re in town promoting a movie or something. “In the entertainment industry, friendships are different. They’re very intense. So during that hour and a half they’re on the set and we’re talking. “I think we’re friends because we’re both going through something extraordinary. “There’s an audience watching this conversation, we’re hopefully entertaining them, so you bond super fast. “Then the minute the show’s over, it’s gone.”