James May, 59, explained his opinions on the “woke society” we live in today. The star said he thought a lot of it was "b***s” but added he thinks something “good will come out of it”. Speaking in a recent interview, the former Top Gear host said he was “curious” about the beliefs of younger generations. The star made clear that he disapproves of the idea of clinging on to the past just for the sake of it, and prefers to remain optimistic about the future. “I’m actually quite interested in the ‘woke’ society," he said. “I mean, a lot of the time they’re talking b***s, just as we did when we were kids, but something good will come out of it. And the process is necessary to drive the world forwards. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan “I think we’re living in very interesting times, because everything that seems sacrosanct or set in stone is actually being questioned. “Everything, right down to sexual relationships, the redistribution of wealth and the language we use when talking about this stuff, it’s all being questioned," he added to The Times. It comes after the TV  presenter returned this week with a new series of Our Man In Italy. Following the success of Our Man In Japan, the host of The Grand Tour now takes viewers across the pond to explore Italy. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, James discussed whether or not he spoke to his former co-hosts Richard Hammond or Jeremy Clarkson while filming for Our Man In Italy. He jokingly explained that he didn’t speak to them and was pleased to not have them there. James said: “No, I didn't phone them up, I was pleased not to have them [here] to be honest. “When I am making a TV show by myself, I can just keep going, it's great until the crew tell me to shut up.” READ MORE...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] The programme was thrown into doubt last year due to the Coronavirus pandemic. James and his crew were supposed to be filming the series in America, but were unable to due to the restrictions. He said: “We were supposed to be [filming in] the USA and I actually announced it on Twitter and various other places. “Then about two days later we realised we couldn't do it. The problem was COVID-19 restrictions. “But Italy didn't [have restrictions] and it wasn't completely sprung on us because we always have several ideas lined up and partly, it was in our back pocket as a possible [country] for the future. “So, we haven't blown America out of the water, we just didn't do it at that time.” Speaking about the future of the series, and whether filming in America could be next as a location, James continued: “Well, it would be nice to do another one, and that all depends on how well this one is received. "America is still very much on the list. So, we have a lot of ideas for America already sorted out.”