In the early hours of the morning just weeks into the Falklands War, aboard the SS Canberra, Brian Short took his place to watch over a handful of the thousands of Argentine prisoners of war (POWs) the ship had recently absorbed. Despite the relative comfort of the Canberra — beer, restaurant quality food, hot showers — just miles away, on the Falklands Islands, war was raging. All was quiet on the ship. By now, the POWs had long since realised how things were going to be until the war ended: “Once we’d established the rules, the power imbalance came into play”, Short tells Express.co.uk. A routine shift, the door to the ward in which he was stationed burst open without notice: in walked a Royal Marine who had been fighting ashore, his green beret balanced precariously on his head, a gun draped across his body. “He just stood there, wide-eyed, staring at me,” says Short. “He said: ‘Are these the enemy?’ I replied: ‘These are Argentines.’ He stood a little longer, looked at them, then at me, and said: ‘So, they’re the enemy.’ He stood there for another 30 seconds just looking at them. I didn’t or don’t know what was in his mind, but I’m glad it stayed there.” That was in 1982, and today marks the 40th anniversary of the return of the SS Canberra to Southampton, the commandeered luxury P&O cruise liner that was taken by the British Army and used to transport thousands of troops to the Falklands Islands. Short left on the Canberra, stayed on the Canberra, and returned on the Canberra. His entire war experience was played-out in the comfort of a cruise ship — a point which he is keen to make and distinguish himself from the soldiers who fought on land. But that is not the point. Short never imagined travelling thousands of miles away to a relatively obscure British overseas territory. It was Easter 1982, and he was just 25 years old, a self-described “macho man” but with a fondness of music, leading him to take a job as a drummer in the Royal Marines band almost a decade before. He already had a relationship with the Royal Marines: his father was one. He fought during the Suez crisis of 1956, and died in battle just three months before Short was born. As the squadrons prepared to travel to the South Atlantic, they realised that one group was 40 men short — the exact number that made up the Royal Marines band. At short notice, it was a match made in heaven, and so Short followed in the footsteps of his father, and went with his band to war. JUST IN: Argentina fumes at British ‘colonialists’ in Falkland Islands fury On April 2, 1982, Argentina, plagued by economic and social crisis, sent its troops to invade and occupy the Falklands — the Guerra de las Malvinas in Spanish — and take back what it claimed, and claims, was rightfully and historically its own. The country was ruled by an iron-fisted military junta — which had led a successful coup d’etat in 1976 — headed by General Leopoldo Galtieri. For years a so-called ‘Dirty War’ had taken place, a period between 1974 and 1983 in which tens of thousands of people considered a threat to the state ‘disappeared’ from society, often brutally tortured and murdered. Sovereignty and ownership of the Falklands was already a deeply historical and political subject, with both Argentina and Britain claiming rightful ownership of the islands. The junta pounced on this opportunity to pave the way for a new Argentina, one that would, it said, send the foreign invaders packing. Eight-thousand miles away, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher had a choice to make: to let the Falklands be overrun and captured, or to give the go-ahead for a full-scale assault, the first of its kind for Britain since World War 2: she chose war. DON'T MISS Hero Simon's fury as Argentina's leader renews claim to Falklands [REPORT] Falklands war hero, 75, furious as state pension frozen [INSIGHT] Falklands veterans face legal loophole over horror injuries [ANALYSIS] Friday, April 9, 1982, saw Short and around 3,000 Royal Marines and 600 men from the Parachute Regiment set sail from Southampton aboard the SS Canberra. She was fully converted into a military ship, given a flight deck and fitted out with everything the army could want and need. All this, in addition to the creature comforts any cruise liner offers its guests, made for a peculiar-looking ship. The Canberra sailed slowly towards the equator, stopping off at the Ascension Islands to get fuel. It sailed for about four weeks before it entered San Carlos Bay on the Falklands on May 21, where it discharged troops who would fight. Within hours, Argentine air forces launched attacks on a number of British ships. “It was all around us,” says Short. “Which was very exciting, very frightening — all different feelings.” As the conflict went on it became clear, Short says, that the Argentines were ill-equipped, ill-trained, and not prepared for anything like modern warfare. While the junta managed to sink HMS Sheffield, Ardent and Antelope, as well as Coventry, in the grand scheme of things, these were small wins, and did not reflect what was happening on land. The Canberra soon absorbed some wounded and captured Argentine soldiers. Within weeks, Britain had seized more than 10,000 Argentines. The growing number meant that Short’s ship went from housing 80 prisoners of war (POWs) to some 4,000 of them in what felt like overnight. To put it in context, Argentina captured just 115 British troops for the entirety of the war, many of whom were already on the islands when the invasion began.   Short had many tricks for keeping the POWs in line, one being an exercise known as the “make-safe”. The Argentines would have recognised that he was not a marine in the traditional sense. So, to show them that he was “the real deal”, he would perform the exercise at regular intervals to remind them that he, too, could operate and use a weapon. “You’d unload the gun, cock it three times and then reload it. It makes a lot of noise and it can be done in about three seconds. By doing that in each shift change, we demonstrated that yes, we may be musicians, but we know what we're doing with these guns. Don't get into bed until we tell you; don’t move over there unless we tell you. We were laying down the law so they knew where they stood.” And it worked. The Argentine POWs quickly realised that they were living in relative luxury compared to on the islands. They were privy to restaurant quality food, comfortable beds, hot showers. They could play cards, drink beer, share a joke with their captors through the medium of hand gestures and laughs. But this only came after the power imbalance had been settled. In the beginning, a mutiny was brewing. Short knew that there was always the possibility that the Argentines would realise their numbers and attempt to hijack the Canberra. When the masses of POWs first came abroad, one managed to sneak a knife on and drew up those very plans. It would have given the junta a major bargaining chip to play with: the Canberra acted as a base for returning soldiers to rest and recoup before heading back out to fight. But, realising the situation, one of the would-be mutineers’ own colleagues, an Argentine sergeant, heard about the plans and told the marines. His cabin was searched and the knife found. A crisis averted. After this, Short says, “I think there were feelings of mutual respect, and I think Stockholm syndrome kicked in for them.” The POWs were slowly given the illusion of freedom within a policed system. “They knew they were onto a good thing,” he says. “There were jokes, we would bring them magazines, play checkers. Amid the pidgin English and Spanish, there were some odd moments shared, and a relationship developed.”  Short had spent around three or four weeks with these men, getting to know them, learning their subtle personality quirks, building friendships, establishing some sort of routine in the otherwise chaotic world of war. Most importantly, he realised that like himself, they had been uprooted from a normal everyday existence and dropped into a conflict, and were all just doing their jobs. His experiences up until this point were striking. But what happened when the junta relented and requested that the POWs be brought home following the end of the war was remarkable. Britain’s army soon overpowered Argentina’s, its training, weaponry, and general discipline, Short reports, far better than the junta’s. The conflict officially ended on Monday, June 14, 1982, lasting just two months and 12 days. The Canberra agreed to take the POWs back, and set sail for Puerto Madryn in Patagonia. Some of the Argentines did not believe that they had lost. Still more cried on hearing the result. Less out of patriotism for their country, Short suggests, but more out of fear of what might be waiting for them at home.  Puerto Madryn was an industrial port, used to export things like steel and iron ore. The hard faces of waiting military men could be seen from the deck as the ship docked. Short helped carry a wounded soldier on a stretcher down the gangway. His thoughts were with the war and how it all seemed so distant yet so close. Coming round, he looked to his left, to his right and found himself to be the only Englishman among a thousands deep crowd of Argentines. The man spread across the stretcher was familiar with Short, and when he was handed over to the waiting officers, shook his hand, much to the confusion of his military colleagues. The man was one of 23 who signed a special card for Short. The night before, some of the group he was looking after, “the soldiers who became ‘people’ again”, asked him for a pen and paper. The only thing he could find was a menu card from one of Canberra's restaurants. The POWs took it away and returned half an hour later with it covered in black ink, messages scrawled in Spanish, “saying all manner of wondrous things, like 'good bloke, nice chap, thanks for looking after me.'" “It was surprising to receive that card,” Short admits. “It was a bit like receiving flowers as a man: you think, ‘Ah, well, that’s nice…’ but what do you do? It felt nice, but as soon as I got home, I put it in a drawer and forgot about it.” It would make an appearance every year on June 14, the date that marked Argentina’s surrender. Short would sift through items that he took with him and collected, photographs he captured, memories of his younger self. For a few hours, he would remember those men whom he shared a peculiar bond with. But for years, when the box was closed and the clock struck midnight, those men would fall back into the recesses of his mind, not to be thoroughly thought of for another year. Short would continue with his life, just as they did 8,000 miles away. “About two years ago, the band had a reunion, and I found out that some of the guys had died for various reasons. I realised our small but important story needed to be recorded.” This he did, writing a book, ‘The Band That Went to War: The Royal Marine Band in the Falklands War’. He shared an image of the signed card to social media. Soon, it spread like wildfire, travelling much like the Canberra did, across to the Falklands and eventually Argentina, this time not on sea but on the other side of a computer screen. Hunting for the POWs “I first found the picture of the card on a Facebook page about the war around three years ago,” German Stoessel, an Argentine amateur historian, says. His gravelly voice is at first hesitant, “I don’t speak English very often”. But as Stoessel gets into the story, his words flow and a picture of Short’s experiences as viewed by the POWs he guarded unravels. Asking the Facebook user about the picture, he was directed to a man called Brian Short. “There were thousands of them online,” he says. Finally, after many messages, one came back: “Yes. That’s me.” Stoessel promised Short that he would find all the men who signed the card, “a slow task”, he says. To date, he has found 20 of the 23 signatures. He searched for them on social media, and scoured Argentina’s Yellow Pages. “When I found them, many were surprised and had no memories of the time at all. They said: 'Really, is that my signature?' Oh, it was too long ago, I can't remember.’” But the more Stoessel probed, the more the men remembered. “They were really surprised and in some way happy to know about that piece of paper. Many of them asked me about Brian, how he was, if he was alive. I told them ‘Yes, he's alive and is living in the UK.’” They remembered Short fondly. Particularly, they remembered how he and his colleagues treated them fairly. Perhaps fairer than even their own officers did, with Short noting how many of the “Argentine officer class” treated the everyday soldiers “with contempt” while aboard the Canberra. “They had no resentment at all and no hatred. That surprised me. They were grateful and with many good memories about Brian,” Stoessel says. “Obviously it was hard, they were prisoners, they were trying to kill each other only a week before, and then they were sharing the same space on the Canberra. They felt well-treated, and they knew that they were returning to Puerto Madryn to go home. No resentment, but with pain in their hearts because of war and the men that died on both sides.”  To lose a war is something, but to lose one when your government is a dictatorship is another. What were the consequences? “For the soldiers? Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and suicide. And for our country? We call it a time of Demalvinización (de-malvinisation).” De-malvinisation began almost as soon as the Argentine troops left the Canberra and set foot on home soil. Any talk of the war was frowned upon. The media refrained from making any mention of it, and the junta expected everyone to carry on as normal. No questions asked. As far as they were concerned the period April 2, 1982 to June 14, 1982 did not exist. “The facts were covered-up,” says Stoessel. But the junta could not deny the fact that thousands of veterans with memories of the war now lived among the population. These men, as Stoessel puts it, “were left out of history for many years”. Acknowledging the significance of the card, Short lingers on the idea that the war was, in a way, a positive experience. “It’s a great feeling thinking about it, it shows the human side to it all — not often can you get a positive out of a negative. It won't change the political views on the island, it won't change mine, but on a personal level we know at that point in our lives we did the best we could for each other. They behaved, we took them home. They went on to have lives, families, and children, marriages, and so did we, so did I.” He thanks his love for music for shining a light on the happier side of things, and helping him to connect with the POWs, many of them naturally music lovers, hailing from the land of the Tango. Short has since been in contact with several of the POWs thanks to Stoessel’s work and determination. “One insists on writing to me and sending me voice notes in Spanish despite the fact that I can't read or speak it,” Short says, laughing. Many of them tell Stoessel that they want to thank Short in person for everything he and the other guards did for them. He says: “They were enemies before they boarded the ship, but then they began talking, and at that time, and in that place, things were different.” In researching Short’s story, Stoessel has discovered that it is not unique. Dozens more signed cards have surfaced, including from others who were also aboard the Canberra. “These are all stories as yet untold, and I’m trying to find them,” he says. While Short today lives a relatively quiet life in Deal — the very town that he began his Royal Marines journey — he one day wishes to meet the men he guarded over. As we near the end of the call, with a glint in his eye, he talks about the future, and a possible trip to Argentina. “I've got a long-standing invitation to go there and see them. And maybe I will. It’ll be the big reunion.” The Band That Went to War: The Royal Marine Band in the Falklands War', is published by Pen and Sword Military. You can buy a copy here. 