The subsequent Cabinet reshuffle has seen Nadeem Zahawi, the Education Secretary, promoted to Chancellor of the Exchequer and Cabinet Minister and Mr Johnson’s Chief of Staff Steve Barclay appointed as Health Secretary. Alongside the senior Tory ministers resigning, junior members of the party have also resigned as ministers flee the sinking ship of the Conservative party under Boris Johnson’s leadership. According to political editor of Sky News Beth Rigby, this was the “worst day for him since becoming Prime Minister” and that “the civil war within the party is now really blown open”. In his resignation to Boris Johnson, Rishi Sunak wrote: “The public rightly expect Government to be conducted properly, competently, and seriously. “I recognised this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.” He added: “I am sad to be leaving Government, but I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that we cannot continue like this.” Mr Javid’s resignation stated: “I can no longer, in good conscience, continue serving in this Government. “I am instinctively a team player, but the British people also rightly expect integrity from their Government.” The senior resignations come after it was revealed that the Prime Minister was aware of a misconduct complaint against MP Chris Pincher but still decided to appoint him to a Government role. Mr Pincher was suspended last week following allegations of sexual misconduct. READ MORE: POLL: Is it time for Boris Johnson to resign? Mr Johnson admitted that he was told of the complaint in 2019 and had made a “bad mistake” by not acting correctly on the information. Speaking on Sky News, Ms Rigby said that the PM’s reshuffle of Cabinet “can’t distract from what is the worst day I think for him since becoming Prime Minister”. She added: “This is two bombshell resignations from two heavy hitters in the party. Two potential would-be contenders and it’s not just that, this is a night of resignations. DON'T MISS: Ukraine saboteurs blow up railway bridge (INSIGHT) Horror as shark scared away by fearless beachgoers using cleaning ... (REVEAL)'Last thing we want to see!' Police urged take zero tolerance approach (REACTION) “There have been seven more resignations in junior posts…there have been a number of MPs coming out to say they no longer support the Prime Minister, he is in freefall and yes many in the Cabinet are rallying around him but make no mistake, this civil war in the party is now blown open.” Many are now expecting the resignation of the Prime Minister, though this is up for debate, with the question remaining of how long Mr Johnson can survive during the Tory “civil war”. A former cabinet minister told Ms Rigby that the PM has “a few days left” with a backbencher who had a private meeting with Mr Johnson on Tuesday saying: “He lied to my face today, he life to my face before…he’s a f***ing liar.”