Could it be that the NHS has just become too big, having grown from 140,000 employees when it was created to a whopping 1.4 million – with far too many highly paid bureaucrats and pen pushers leaving frontline staff lost and at breaking point? And it’s the junior doctors who seem most aggrieved, their unhappiness channelled into militant action and downing tools. I’d ask them to rethink their tactics, and not further cause damage to their patients. Now it’s certainly true to become a doctor you need to get good academic qualifications at school. Bright kids end up going into medicine, which is no bad thing. I’m reassured that someone who got good grades is overseeing my health, but the taxpaying public in return looks after these people for their full working life. They pay for their initial medical training to the tune of about 1/4 million pounds per doctor, as well their ongoing training - meaning taxpayers support ensures our doctors have a job for life and are employable anywhere in the world. They pay for their wage and their pension too. Surely there needs to be a ‘bond’ in place, like other professions have, ensuring that staff have their medical training paid for as long as they stay working within the NHS – perhaps 5 or 10 years – afterwards. And what on earth has happened to our GPs? My mail bag is full of people who can’t get an appointment. And if I receive another text from my GP surgery saying the surgery is closed for staff training between 13.00 hrs to 17:00 hrs I think I’ll scream - especially when I find out nearly one fifth of GPs work on average 26 hours a week as 50% of all patients struggle to get through to their family doctor. I can only presume these training courses are to think up new excuses as to why you can’t have an appointment, because they certainly aren’t to learn how to pick up the phone when it is ringing! In 2001 GPs worked 47.7 hours a week, in 2017 that went down to 41.8hours, in 2021 it went down further to 39.4 hours a week. Most of us work 40 hours and more a week – 26 hours is part time by anyone’s measure, and it is simply not acceptable. The public have clapped and cheered our medical profession, they support and pay for them and admire them greatly, but that support needs to run both ways. For those thinking of downing of tools and strike action I suggest they stop. The public deserve a better service than they are getting – especially given the money they are pouring into the NHS.