On average, women live longer than men. In fact, "57 percent of all those ages 65 and older are female. By age 85, 67 percent are women", according to Harvard Health. That is not to say those added years are an unalloyed benefit - women tend to have higher rates of illness. However, new research suggests women can reduce their exposure to illness by improving their diet. This is the conclusion of a new study published in the journal Nutritional Neuroscience. Researchers found a diet high in pigmented carotenoids such as yams, kale, spinach, watermelon, bell peppers, tomatoes, oranges and carrots can help to shield the body against illness. These bright-coloured fruits and vegetables are particularly important in preventing visual and cognitive loss. "The idea is that men get a lot of the diseases that tend to kill you, but women get those diseases less often or later so they perseverate but with illnesses that are debilitating," said Billy R. Hammond, a professor in UGA's Franklin College of Arts and Sciences department of psychology behavioral and brains sciences program and co-author of the study. READ MORE: How to live longer: The diet most associated with 'super seniors' - seen in the oldest old "For example, of all of the existing cases of macular degeneration and dementia in the world, two-thirds are women … these diseases that women suffer for years are the very ones most amenable to prevention through lifestyle." The study, which reviewed and analysed data from previous studies, detailed several degenerative conditions, from autoimmune diseases to dementia that, even controlling for lifespan differences, women experience at much higher rates than men. "If you take all the autoimmune diseases collectively, women account for nearly 80 percent. So, because of this vulnerability, linked directly to biology, women need extra preventive care," Professor Hammond said. One of the reasons for this vulnerability has to do with the way women store vitamins and minerals in their bodies. DON'T MISSDementia: The vitamin deficiency linked to a higher risk [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: The cholesterol 'busting' fruit to eat [TIPS]Covid symptoms: The 'earliest' sign to spot [ADVICE] Professor Hammond points out that women have, on average, more body fat than men. Body fat serves as a significant sink for many dietary vitamins and minerals, which creates a useful reservoir for women during pregnancy. This availability, however, means less is available for the retina and the brain, putting women at more risk for degenerative problems. Dietary intake of pigmented carotenoids act as antioxidants for humans. Two specific carotenoids, lutein and zeaxanthin, are found in specific tissues of the eye and brain and have been shown to directly improve central nervous system degeneration. READ MORE: Dementia warning: New study links popular UK drink to 'poorer cognitive performance' "Men and women eat about the same amount of these carotenoids, but the requirements for women are much higher," said Professor Hammond. "The recommendations should be different, but there are, generally, not any recommendations for men or women for dietary components that are not directly linked to deficiency disease (like vitamin C and scurvy)," Professor Hammond said. "Part of the idea for the article is that recommendations need to be changed so that women are aware that they have these vulnerabilities that they have to proactively address, so they don't have these problems later in life." Carotenoids are also available via supplements, and the National Institutes of Health has focused resources on specific carotenoids through the National Eye Institute program. And though supplements of lutein and zeaxanthin are a way of increasing intake, Professor Hammond said getting them through food is a much better strategy. "Components of diet influence the brain, from things like personality to even our concept of self. I don't think people quite realise what a profound effect diet has on basically who they are, their mood, even their propensity to anger," Professor Hammond said. "And now of course this is extended to the microbiome and the bacteria that make up your gut - all of these components work together to create the building blocks that compose our brain and the neurotransmitters that mediate its use."