While Richard Branson seemed lost for words, Drew Barrymore quickly drew attention to the fact that a human can inadvertently eat more than 50lbs of plastic over their lifetime. The clip comes after research of 2,000 adults found more than two in five (41 percent) think people care less about the plastic crisis than they used to – as the cost-of-living, war in Ukraine, and the pandemic push it down the list of concerns. Drew Barrymore, who is a sustainability advocate for eco-friendly home brand Grove Collaborative, which commissioned the research, said: “It’s been eye-opening to learn how much plastic we consume. “The plastic crisis isn’t going anywhere, and while some people feel powerless, there are many great things happening in the world to tackle the plastic crisis – especially as more and more brands are stepping up to face the challenge. “So much can be achieved if we work together, and I’m so happy to play a part in supporting Grove’s ambition to become plastic-free.” The study also found one in four adults feel they are making no difference when they see the effects of the plastic crisis – with a quarter believing we have already done too much damage to the planet. Since the pandemic, the plastic crisis is only getting worse – with a reported 26,000 tonnes of plastic Covid waste polluting the ocean, putting further pressure on an already out-of-control global issue. More than a quarter (28 percent) feel powerless to the plastic crisis, with 26 percent feeling fearful, and over a third (36 percent) believing the plastic crisis is getting worse. But 49 percent don’t know what else they can do to tackle the crisis, while 39 percent think brands need to do more to help stop the plastic crisis. In fact, 75 percent expect brands to be leading the way by using sustainable or less plastic in their products. Brits’ biggest concern is the impact on ocean and sea life (62 percent), with landfill (34 percent), and its effects on the human body – such as finding plastic in our blood – also a worry (29 percent). Sir Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, said: “I sat down with Drew Barrymore to talk about how frightening it is that people will consume, on average, 44lb (20kg) of plastic over the course of their lives. “Microplastics are everywhere – in the ocean, in our food, and as a result, in our bodies. “We’re proud to invest in companies that are having a positive impact on the planet, from renewable energy to companies tackling the world’s plastic problem, such as Grove Collaborative. “Grove is leading the way in showing how brands can diversify and innovate to help consumers with their plastic consumption.”