Monty Don took to Twitter and reminded his legion of viewers that Gardeners' World would return to the BBC tonight and not the show's regular slot on Friday. But some of his fans took issue with the show change as they expressed their disappointment. The 67-year-old took to the micro-blogging site and explained the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 had replaced the normal programme slot. In view of his 266,000 followers, Monty penned: "Gardeners World is on at 8pm TONIGHT (apparently there is a football match on tomorrow evening) which will include a report from Tatton Park Flower Show as well as the latest from Longmeadow (filmed before this week's heatwave)." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as many admitted they would have to record the show instead of watching it live. Twitter user, @ArleneJCook wrote: "Thanks so much for the reminder. We have the series on to tape but I would have been broken hearted had I missed it tonight!" READ MORE: Victoria Beckham sizzles in red bikini on '$1.6m-a-week' boat @PatMasterman penned: "Tell them to play their game tonight and leave Gardeners World alone." @KarenBlower agreed: "The scheduling folks like keeping us on our toes, don't they! But it feels like Friday because the kids have finished school." @irisfurnham commented: "Regular viewers inconvenienced once again for sport!" "I have just noticed this Monty. Thank God I put it to record the series. I thought I had missed it the other week," added @marynerjis.  Gardeners' World has been a Friday night staple for many years and usually airs on BBC Two with horticulturist Monty Don and his team at its helm. Fans have loved being transported to Longmeadow each week to pick up useful tips on looking after outdoor spaces. The show has been taken off-air over the past couple of weeks with a number of sports coverage in its place including Wimbledon. The women's Euros will now replace the BBC show's regular slot. DON'T MISS... Adele enjoys luxury yacht with boyfriend Rich Paul after Vegas drama[LATEST]Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host[ROYALS]Strictly's Ola Jordan's horror as she frets over weight gain in bikini[PICTURES] It comes after Gardeners' World did not air on Friday July 15 This was due to the Friday evening slot being taken by the BBC Proms 2022. Clive Myrie and a series of guests presented the first night of the Proms live from the Royal Albert Hall. The show was also off-air on July 8 for the coverage of Wimbledon. Monty is set to return to Gardeners' World tonight. Elsewhere, fans of gardening expert will have a chance to catch up with the BBC favourite when he takes to the road to talk about his work and life's passion. The presenter and writer will be in Newcastle this autumn for a special event at Tyne Theatre & Opera House where the audience will be able to hear first-hand from the gardening expert and pick up some seasonal tips. Tickets for the event will be available from July 22. Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.