Royal author Katie Nicholl has discussed Camilla's strong ties to her country home, Ray Mill House in Lacock, Wiltshire which Ms Nicholl believes is a "bolthole" where the Duchess can take a break from royal life. Clarence House has released a photograph of Camilla in the garden of her private residence for the front cover of a special guest-edited edition of Country Life magazine to mark the Duchess's 75th birthday.  Ms Nicholl told GB News: "To see her in the gardens of her home and I think that's significant as well because people probably wonder what the backdrop is. "The backdrop is Ray Mill House which is her bolthole. "Which I'm told she's going to keep, even when she's Queen. "This is where she goes to escape royal life and have a bit of a break." She added: "She brought it after her divorce from Andrew Parker-Bowles, and it was very much her space where she spends her Christmases with her family. "It is where she does her gardening, it is where she goes to escape I think the pressures of royal life. "So I think it's quite significant that she asked to be photographed there." Camilla purchased the six-bedroom property, less than 20 miles from Prince Charles's residence at Highgrove, in the mid-1990s following her divorce from Andrew Parker-Bowles.  Camilla commissioned Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to take her photograph for the front cover of the special edition of Country Life. Kate, a keen amateur photographer, captured a smiling Camilla looking relaxed in a blue and white floral dress and cardigan, sitting on a bench with a trug filled with pelargoniums, ready to be planted. Another picture by Kate appears on the leader page and is an informal shot of Camilla walking through forget-me-nots at her country home, Ray Mill House in Lacock, Wiltshire. The duchess turns 75 on July 17. DON'T MISSKate might soon be heading to Australia for royal tour [INSIGHT]Kate portrait blasted by art critic [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan revelations could tear apart Monarchy [INSIGHT]  Country Life edited by Camilla will be published on July 13. Camilla has admitted to the challenges of personally penning an article about the Prince of Wales for the magazine. "It's not easy to write about your husband," the Duchess told a behind-the-scenes ITV programme, Camilla's Country Life. "I bit through several pencils," she remarked.