Television presenter Michelle Dewberry blasted plans of the SNP Government to provide emergency housing for Ukrainian refugees amid a Scottish homelessness crisis. The broadcaster argued that those in Scotland and across the UK should be supported by the Government first and foremost, before the nation can support those facing global turmoil. The Scottish Government branded the initiative a “creative approach” which will involve chartering a large cruise ship to accommodate people displaced by the war in Ukraine. Ms Dewberry acknowledged the devastating global situation but questioned why similar measures had not been introduced to support citizens already in Scotland that are desperately struggling to acquire stable housing.    Speaking on GB News, Ms Dewberry began by outlining the worsening homelessness crisis in Scotland under the leadership of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. The broadcaster said: “According to Shelter in Scotland, every 19 minutes a household becomes homeless in Scotland. “11,804 children are in households assessed as homeless already - you’ve got nearly 34,000 applications as homelessness last year. “I get it, people are trying to be kind, they’re trying to raise their hands and say look at us, we’re so kind to everybody else. “For me, I do genuinely feel that you’ve got to help people in this country before you start extending the hand of help out to everybody everywhere.”    Ms Dewberry continued: “There's a lot of problems in this world,  there's a lot of conflict in this world, there's a lot of displacement in this world. “But, sadly and deeply unfortunately, there are an awful lot of problems in this country, people that need help in this country. “I just wish that those people are helped first and foremost.” Read more: Ukraine refugee horror as families left homeless on British streets   A statement from the Scottish Government said: “7000 displaced people from Ukraine have already arrived in Scotland, with thousands more expected to make the journey in coming months. “The Scottish Government and local authorities have been working tirelessly to arrange suitable temporary accommodation for those sponsored by the Scottish Government, to ensure that those arriving have a safe place to stay while they wait to secure other accommodation.” The SNP plan to utilise a cruise ship is set to provide 739 additional rooms for a six month period, with the operation set to begin in July. The ship will provide those displaced by the conflict with stable and safe accomodation, alongst “restaurants, child play facilities, shops, cleaning and communal spaces.” Don't miss: UNHCR rallies support for refugees as Uprooted film documents trauma [INSIGHT]Little girl sent back to war-torn Ukraine in visa row [REVEAL]Homes for Ukraine: What if I can no longer afford to host a family? [EXPLAINED]  While the plan is set to support Ukrainian refugees with vital accomodation upon their arrival in Scotland, the policy has come under scrutiny as the same provision has not been afforded to those already facing homelessness within Scotland. Since the start of the sponsor scheme for Ukrainian refugees in March, the Scottish Government has now confirmed the temporary accommodation sector has reached capacity. If refugees continue arriving at the current rate, the Scottish Government warned: “local authorities may find themselves having to house displaced people, including families, in emergency contingency accommodation such as camp beds in community settings.” As pressure on emergency accommodation units continues to rise under increased refugee arrivals, provision for homeless households within Scotland is expected to be further constricted.  Read next: Turkey announces breakthrough deal to restore Ukrainian grain exportsRussian troops look terrified as they witness Ukrainian attack remainsRussian TV pundit plots 'retribution' after Ukraine bomb ammo dumpState of emergency rocks EU as gas panic grips members‘Critical step’ Ukraine and Russia all set to seal grain deal 