Cristiano Ronaldo remains unmoved on his Manchester United exit stance, despite catching up with Sir Alex Ferguson at Carrington on Tuesday. The 37-year-old striker returned to the club's training base and linked up with the squad after their largely successful pre-season tour in his absence. However, the fact he didn't participate in Erik ten Hag's training session and arrived alongside Jorge Mendes indicates he wasn't there to prepare for the new season at United. And emerging details have further emphasised that he was present to accelerate his attempts to depart. According to The Star, United face a losing battle to persuade Ronaldo to stay, with the club's iconic number seven determined to find a way out of Old Trafford before the summer transfer deadline. He informed club figures of his desire at the start of the window because of doubts over their ability to compete for major trophies. That stance remains, despite recent transfer activity and after briefly chatting with Ferguson and Bryan Robson at United's HQ. Both had already been scheduled to be present for a board meeting with chief executive Richard Arnold and the club's former top dog David Gill. JUST IN: Neville 'found innocent by German law' after De Jong tweet complaints But the report claims United chiefs hoped the legendary manager, who was crucial in Ronaldo's decision to re-join from Juventus last summer, could persuade him to honour the final 12 months of his two-year deal. Ferguson stepped in amid Mendes' talks with Manchester City over a stunning move, tempting the five-time Ballon d'Or winner to snub them for an Old Trafford return. But even the Scotsman has been unable to sway Ronaldo's mind this time around, with the wantaway ace hell-bent on spending the final years of his illustrious career in the Champions League. United remain insistent that he isn't for sale and will still be at the club beyond the deadline. READ MORE: Man Utd have plan for Ronaldo transfer meeting as striker pushes exit Ronaldo was present as Erik ten Hag held an hour-long debrief of the club's tour of Thailand and Australia. But he was seen exiting the training ground out of the back entrance after a meeting with United ended in an impasse, with the club unwilling to part ways. The Portuguese icon will likely return to Carrington with Mendes this week to continue attempting to instigate his departure. But with the new season less than two weeks away, United must draw a line under the saga soon to prevent disrupting Ten Hag's final preparations. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 