Petra is the lost Middle Eastern civilisation that has stunned archaeologists for decades. It was once the centre of the world, a hub of politics, culture and finance. When the Silk Road — the passage which connected the East and West worlds — was in its infancy, Petra acted as a stop-off for merchants and travellers making their way along the myriad networks. It was founded by the Nabateans, an ancient Arab people who lived in what is today southwestern Jordan. They amassed enormous amounts of wealth, something which stirred the jealousy of the neighbouring Greek and Roman empires. While the Greeks failed in their attempt to siege the city in 312 BC, the Romans succeeded and captured Petra in 106 AD. It was annexed and renamed Arabia Petraea, and the Romans ruled over the city for the next 250 years. But in the fourth century AD a freak earthquake razed the city to the ground; this, combined with emerging sea trading routes, was soon thought to be the nail in the coffin for Petra as a modern city, and it quickly fell into disrepair. The Byzantine Empire attempted to reinvigorate Petra and erected a handful of churches in the city limits, but nothing saved it, and the great stone palaces carved into the valleys soon became no more than shelters for wandering shepherds. While it is unclear whether the earthquake specifically caused Petra's demise, archaeologist, Dr Tom Paradise, believes that some "form of catastrophe" resulted in its fall. The researcher, who has worked for many years in Petra, spoke during the Smithsonian Channel's documentary, 'Secrets: Riddle of Petra'. JUST IN: Entire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated Investigating Petra's main colonnaded street in 2017, Dr Paradise and his team came across something puzzling. He said: "What they uncovered [were] massive beds of very white sandstone." He picked up one of the red bricks which are native to Petra, and noted: "[This is] much more characteristic of the lower part of the valley." Yet, picking up another piece of stone, this time white, in near enough the same place as the red stone, Dr Paradise said: "This characteristic white sand doesn't belong here." Given that Petra sits in a red sandstone basin, Dr Paradise and his team began investigating how the white stone may have ended up where it was. To do this, they scanned the entirety of the city, searching for clues, perhaps signs of avalanches, that may have brought in whitestone from outside hundreds of years ago. He said: "We realised it had the particle size, the colour texture, everything the same as the sandstone that we see across the valley and over the top of the hill. "This started a longer inquiry that would lead us to conclude that Petra may have literally been hit by a massive, massive flood." DON'T MISS China testing new hypersonic missile with transforming engine [REPORT] Energy crisis: Households handed lifeline to slash bills by £1,180 [INSIGHT] Huge volcano hiding under Russia could kill millions [ANALYSIS] References to Petra only emerged after the Romans took the city, its story told by the invading forces. We know from history that the city has been regularly hit by torrential rains and flooding, explaining why it is filled with terracotta plumbing and an extraordinarily advanced drainage system. While its flood defences largely kept the city safe, in 1963, they succumbed to the heavy downpours and killed 22 tourists. The Nabateans were aware of the possibilities of such disasters, and so created a series of tunnels and offshoots to control excess surface water. The Siq — Petra's main entrance — was vital to the city, as it was the main connection to the outside world. Dr Paradise explained: "What was actually a brilliant plan was that the tunnel was created to divert the water from the main siq. "So the primary corridor into the main city would have been kept free of water during episodic rains." While it appeared like "fool-proof engineering", Dr Paradise and his time found evidence that at one point, water was massively backed up, unable to drain away, near Petra's entrance. He said: "The far side of the channel is completely scoured clean, so the water would have been rushing down the channel. "It's backed up by the obstruction in the tunnel, and it's rising to the point where it starts to scour the side walls, and then literally tops the bank way up there, and you can see where it's rounded. "We're looking at five, six, seven metres of floodwater just at this point, and that would have been an extraordinary amount of water." If his theory is correct, floodwater would have eventually burst through the city gates and onto the streets, bringing with it up to 16 feet of sand and debris. It is impossible to know whether this is the case, however, and Dr Paradise and his team continue to carry out research in and around the city. Petra was eventually abandoned for good in the eighth century. While nomads and shepherds used the buildings for shelter and safety, no one else is thought to have come across the ancient city. It was not until Swiss explorer Johann Ludwig Burckhardt set off and stumbled across the lost metropolis in 1812 that the western world became aware of the ancient advanced civilisation. Bringing news of it back to Europe, travellers, adventurers and archaeologists set out to see Petra for themselves, and it has since become a huge attraction for researchers and tourists alike.