Noah (played by Jack Downham) received another visit from Amelia (Daisy Campbell) in Wednesday night's episode of Emmerdale as the latter continued to impersonate Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham). The troublemaker was pleased to see the youngster was still coming to see him in prison, as everyone else seemed to have turned their back on him. However, with his release just days away on the ITV soap, he and his new love interest might not waste any time in taking their relationship to the next level. The episode began with Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) continuing to grill his niece Amelia over the boy she was supposedly seeing. Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) had mentioned this to him following her own conversation with the young woman and he was intrigued to know who this boy was. Little did he know, Noah was the person she was seeing and although the prisoner hasn't stated their dating, Amelia has come to believe this is what her visits mean. As she tried to hide her boyfriend's identity from her uncle, the youngster watched her every step as she went to jail. She and Noah had another nice conversation, with the young man seeming to like the teenager more and more every time she visits him. READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present Returning home to the village, Amelia couldn't take her mind off Noah or the effects that the weight gain syrup was taking on her body. After agreeing to sit down with her uncle for a chat at the Hide, she couldn't quite focus her vision but Dan dropped a huge hint she could fall pregnant very soon. Presuming his niece had been at Home Farm all afternoon, the mechanic asked the young woman: "Did baby-sitting go alright?" "It was only for half an hour or so. After I met up with some mates and we just hung out for a bit," she replied as she lied through her teeth. Dan did cut any more corners with the conversation about boys as he said: "Right, so are you going to tell me his name or what?" "No prying, just asking. Though, I wouldn't mind meeting him at some point, give him the once over," Dan continued as Amelia's vision went blurry. As she was struggling to keep herself stable, she didn't seem to hear the hint Dan dropped about her possibly becoming a mother in the future. He explained to her: "That's the problem being a parent, as one day you will understand, you're always left in the dark. "You could be meeting some nutter in prison for I know," he continued, not realising how right he actually was. The conversation came to an end, with Amelia telling her uncle she no longer wanted to talk about boys as she wanted to keep it private. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] Dan seemed to respect this but next week, he will discover the boy she has been seeing is Noah and he won't be best pleased. Although he was sentenced to three months in prison, Noah will return early and he will continue to shut out his family. This means he is likely to spend more time with Amelia, albeit in secret, as he genuinely enjoys her company and their conversations. As one thing leads to another, the pair could end up sleeping together as they decide they are going to make things official between them. What they might not expect is in a few weeks' time for Amelia to start experiencing symptoms of morning sickness, promoting her to take a pregnancy test. When it comes back positive, there is no doubt Noah is the father and she will proceed to tell him they are going to have a baby. Amelia might think he would run for the hills but Noah could be surprisingly supportive, thinking he could be a great father to their child. Wanting to make a proper go of things, Noah would tell Amelia he would be with her the whole way but what will the rest of the village make of their news? Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson told Express.co.uk and other media there would be some pregnancies on the horizon. The soap boss explained: "There will be a new baby arriving in Emmerdale before the end of the year." "I think that's not giving anything away as there are so many female characters in the show, but there will be a new arrival before the year is out," she added. "There's probably going to be a birth in the anniversary month perhaps! "Babies in soaps are either born on programme celebrations or Christmas so there's going to be one of those happening," she revealed. So could it be Amelia will fall pregnant almost immediately after Noah is released from prison and end up giving birth prematurely? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.