Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has told Leeds that they may need to adjust their “dangerous” transfer policy and warned that their squad may not be any better than recently promoted sides Fulham and Bournemouth. The club have spent just short of £100million this summer on six players, while Raphinha is expected to follow Kalvin Phillips out of Elland Road. Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi have joined Leeds this window, but Agbonlahor believes they need to look for Premier League proven players. “If I was Leeds I would start looking at players with Premier League experience,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “When the season starts they might look at their squad and think ‘We haven’t even got a better squad than Fulham and Bournemouth’, that’s a dangerous thing. “It’s very risky. The Premier League is different. The Premier League has swallowed a lot of players up from different leagues. If I was Leeds, I’d be looking at Premier League experience. "A bit like Newcastle did at first with Dan Burn and Kieran Trippier, players that can add that Premier League experience, you can rely on them and know they don’t need time to settle. The Premier League will be tougher next season, there are a lot of teams strengthening.” READ MORE: Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong 'picks between' Man Utd and Chelsea Leeds’ spending has been funded by the sale of Phillips to Manchester City, while Raphinha is set to leave for a fee of above £50m, with Barcelona, Chelsea and Arsenal among those interested in the Brazilian. Raphinha will not join Leeds on their pre-season tour of Australia and manager Jesse Marsch has admitted there is “urgency” from Raphinha’s team to push through a move away. “It hasn’t been an easy time for him this summer,” the Leeds boss said. “Things have come and gone and there’s been a lot of little discussions. Right now he’s our player, he showed up today [Thursday] and trained with everybody. He had such a good attitude. We had a very open and honest conversation about while he’s here he’s part of us and we’ll see what happens. DON'T MISS: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd De Jong (TRANSFERS)Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival (INSIGHT)Man Utd told they must make 10 transfers this summer to get top four (ANALYSIS) “There’s still a long way to go in the transfer window, I know he has hopes and dreams and we’ll see how everything goes. I said to him, I know he loves this team, this club and being here but we’ll see how things progress day by day. “I think we just have to wait and see what happens in the next couple of days. There’s urgency from his end I think to come up with a solution and then we have to see where things stand and then make that decision.” Barcelona have reportedly met Leeds’ asking price for Raphinha in a blow to Arsenal and Chelsea, as the Spanish giants are the Brazil international’s favoured destination but until recently had not stumped up the cash for the winger.