The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents Her Majesty and all the working members of the Firm who don't have their own social media handles, joined in the celebrations for Camilla's 75th birthday. The account published on Sunday a brief message dedicated to the senior royal, reading: "Wishing The Duchess of Cornwall a very Happy 75th Birthday!" And, to the delight of royal fans, the account also shared a never-before-seen portrait of the Duchess. In the picture, taken by experienced royal photographer Chris Jackson, Camilla smiles widely as she holds on her lap one of her beloved rescue Jack Russell Terriers. The future Queen Consort sits on what appears to be a wooden rustic caravan painted in red. This picture was likely taken on the same day of the portrait released on Saturday evening by Clarence House to mark the milestone birthday of the Duchess, as Camilla is wearing the same dress and jewellery. In both pictures, Prince Charles's wife is wearing a dress with a floral pattern by Sophie Dundas. In the portrait by Chris Jackson released on Saturday evening, Camilla sits in the garden of her home in Lacock, Wiltshire. She can be seen smiling while she has a blue and white cup of tea and a bowl of peaches grown in her garden placed in front of her. The Duchess bought this six-bedroom house following her divorce from Andrew Parker Bowles in the mid-1990s. READ MORE: Harry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands' It remains her much-loved refuge from city life. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William also publicly joined in the celebrations as they shared, through their own Twitter account, another picture of the 75-year-old Duchess. In this photograph, Camilla is donning a relaxed baby-blue dress with a white floral pattern underneath a matching cardigan. Providing a glimpse of her Raymill home's lavish garden, Camilla walks through forget-me-nots of the same colour as her outfit. Camilla recently posed for Kate, as William's wife - a keen amateur photographer - took pictures of the Duchess at Raymill for the front cover and leader page of the July 13 issue of Country Life. Camilla guest-edited the issue to mark not just her birthday but also the 125th anniversary of the magazine. The picture chosen for the front cover showed the Duchess of Cornwall sitting on a wooden bench in her garden while holding a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. In the ITV film which documented Camilla while she worked on the Country Life issue, the Duchess praised her stepdaughter-in-law's skills and provided an insight into their photoshoot session. She said: "We had a lot of fun. It was all very casual, there wasn't much hair and makeup. "It was just done in the garden—we had a lot of laughs, it was a lovely way of doing it" Camilla isn't expected to be seen in public on the day of her 75th birthday. Clarence House said the Duchess would celebrate her birthday "privately with a small family dinner". Camilla officially joined the Royal Family in April 2005, following her nuptials with Prince Charles in Windsor. She has since become a key member of the Firm, as she supports the work of the Queen and the Prince of Wales and champions causes close to her heart. In particular, she dedicates her time to putting the spotlight on osteoporosis, an illness which deeply affected her mother and grandmother, literacy and domestic violence.