John Torode, 56, has presented on MasterChef since the series launched on the BBC in 2005, alongside Gregg Wallace, 57. Speaking to Express.co.uk, John shared his biggest MasterChef secrets and how he and Gregg have maintained such a strong friendship over the years. MasterChef has been a massive success for the BBC, with the show's format being exported around the world, and is now produced in more than 40 countries. Sharing an insight into the show, John said: "I mean we have so many outtakes, we just laugh and laugh. "We just never know what’s going to happen because we’re not scripted. "So it’s always a surprise every day we walk in the door. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour "Who knows what’s going to happen?" John and Gregg have been on the show together for nearly two decades, but this wasn't how they first met. John recalled: "We've been working together on MasterChef since 2005, but we've known each other since 1993. "Yeah, we met together at a little restaurant called Sydney Street years and years before, and he has been my fruit and vegetable supplier throughout my culinary career in the UK, way before MasterChef." The chef then went into detail about the pair's "amazing" relationship away from the programme. He continued: "And we have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that, as you do have different lives, is we've got a different opinion on everything, you know, and we do have different opinions on everything. "We have different opinions on what we like to how we like how we dress, cars, music, definitely on music. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [OPINION] Amanda Holden, 51, shows off her phenomenal figure in yellow bikini [PICS] Cliff Richard goes for patriotic look at Wimbledon 2022 [WIMBLEDON] "And, you know, we also have different opinions on food. And I think that really helps with what we do, and how we do that, and the world we are involved in. "So yeah, it’s a great, interesting relationship." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ecstatic about working with the company. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. "But I have to tell you, it’s been given to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know, as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. "They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces." His favourite part of the range is the Ninja Foodi ZEROSTICK Cookware. For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen(ninjakitchen.co.uk).