The Department for Work and Pensions will administer the first cost of living payments to certain households today. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “Today’s payment is the signal to millions of families that we are on their side and we have already promised more cash in the autumn, alongside other measures – including our Help for Households – to support the vulnerable and ease the burden.” The first of two payments, selected families will receive an instalment of £326 starting from today. The payments come as part of the Governments Help for Households scheme, which was announced by Rishi Sunak in his Spring statement. The money is being handed out due to the cost of living crisis, which has seen energy bills rise by more than 50 percent this year. Another rise, predicted to be around 60 percent, is expected in the autumn. READ MORE: Prince Charles asks Martin Lewis to help as household bills soar Around eight million households will receive the first tranche of their payment beginning today. This includes households that have members on universal credit, as well as other benefit payments like income support, pension credit, working tax credit, and others. This makes up one in four families across the UK. If you are eligible and haven’t received your payment, do not worry as it will be on the way. The DWP has said almost all first payments will be made by July 31, but also forewarned: "There will be a few unique cases - such as those who were not initially entitled but have gained entitlement upon appeal - who will be paid after July, as soon as possible." Exceptions to this include if you find out later that you were entitled to a benefit during the qualifying period. DON'T MISSHome improvements you can make to future proof your bills [EXPLAINER]'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [ANALYSIS]Tough times ahead as customers cut back on wining and dining [REPORT] How much help you receive depends on your circumstances, such as if you are claiming benefits and whether you have a disability. Every household will benefit from a £400 discount on electricity bills coming later this year, as well as a £150 rebate for all those in council tax bands A to D. But in terms of help coming from the Government, only selected groups will receive additional payments. These are: You qualify for the £650 payment if you are on one of the following benefits: However, if you are a recipient of new-style employment and support allowance, contributory employment and support allowance or new-style jobseeker’s allowance but do not also receive UC, you, unfortunately, will not qualify.