Anna (played by Debbie Rush) was last seen on Coronation Street in 2018 when she killed Pat Phelan (Connor McIntyre), bringing his reign of terror to an end. Ever since, she has kept her distance from the cobbles as she managed to get away with murder, something she and her son Gary (Mikey North) seem to have in common. However, following Wednesday night's episode of the ITV soap, Gary could be on the cusp of confessing all his secrets but will his mother's return make him think differently about telling the truth? The drama began in the mid-week edition of the show, with Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) still being held hostage by one of Rick Neelan's (Greg Wood) former associates. Gary was told he would be able to have Kelly back if he turned up with £50,000, money which the businessman knew he didn't have. After emptying his savings and using the rest of Rick's money he had taken from him once he killed him, Gary managed to get together £24,500. This was nowhere near enough and Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) was worried her husband was playing with fire by not having the full amount. When the killer came face to face with Rick's associate, he handed over the money and hoped it would be enough to free Kelly. READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present It wasn't, so the next best thing for Gary to do was to locate the tracker he had put in the young woman's bag before she went missing. As he located her to the cellar where she was being held, he tried to free her but he was knocked out by Rick's associate. With the time ticking and the situation becoming more dangerous, Gary regained consciousness and ended up in a scuffle with Kelly's kidnapper. Fists were thrown and kicks made as the two men turned violent with each other but Gary looked like he was going to kill again. After Kelly intervened, she persuaded her surrogate father to stop what he was doing as she didn't want to lose him as well. Listening to the youngster's pleas, Gary stopped and he proceeded to return to Weatherfield to ensure Kelly was safe. After telling Maria lies about how they both escaped, Gary and Kelly decided to take a shower but the killer needed to make a call. It turned out this person was Anna he was on the phone with as Kelly walked back into the room and found the businessman on the phone with someone. Explaining himself, Gary said: "That was my mum," but nothing else was said about Anna as the conversation turned to Kelly worrying the police were going to uncover their lies. Although this was only a small comment, it could be a hint toward Anna's return to the show as Gary could call her back to confess his darkest secrets. DON'T MISS...Maureen Lipman hits out at snobs who don't like the show [COMMENT]Sue Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer [COMMENT]Coronation Street star Faye Brookes splits from PT boyfriend [COMMENT] With his mother having killed Phelan in defence, as he did with Rick, Gary could believe she would understand him on some level. Anna could make her way back to the cobbles to try and make her son see he is not the bad person he makes himself out to be. Unable to struggle with the guilt as more people are getting hurt, Gary could tell his mother he is going to report himself to the police. Anna would have to do everything in her power to stop her son from doing this as she knows a jury would not see it the way she does. Not able to trust her son turning to the police, Anna could stick around as she, Gary and Maria come up with a plan to unburden the killer of his guilt. The actress who played Anna, Debbie, has spoken out about whether she would ever return to the programme in the future. Speaking at the time of her exit, the soap star said: "I don't know, I don't think so. Never say never, but I don't know. "It was a great job, and I absolutely loved it. I didn't leave because I hated it. I left for a few different reasons, and I loved going back. "So I don't know," she added in an interview with Digital Spy. However, it seems the actor who plays Gary, Mikey, is keen to see his on-screen mother return to the set, if even for a short stint. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, Mikey said in 2019: "I'd love for Anna Windass to come back. "I was texting Debbie Rush, who played her, last week. I think she's busy and off doing other things right now, but I did say to her: 'Get yourself back here!' "She needs to, Gary's got so much going on that his mum should be there. And she's missing out on another grandchild," he added. The actress who plays Maria, Samia, said: "I don't think Gary would misbehave as much if Anna was around. "Although the rate he's going he'd probably end up killing her! Perhaps it's a good job she's around. Stay away, Anna, stay safe." So could Anna be making her way back to Weatherfield? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.