A close friend of Nick Kyrgios has opened up on the brutal way the Wimbledon star is treated on a basketball court. The Australian is through to the final at the All-England lawn Tennis Championships, where he’ll face Novak Djokovic on Sunday. And he’s now just one win away from the first Grand Slam title of his career. Kyrgios is a divisive figure within tennis, with the Australian a combative and competitive figure in equal measure. He’s current preparing for Sunday’s Wimbledon final where he’ll face a Djokovic who was far too strong for Brit Cameron Norrie on Friday, beating his opponent in four sets. And former US college star Chol Adup, who plays basketball with Kyrgios, has claimed that the version of the 27-year-old shooting hoops is even wilder than the tennis one. “When I first saw him, I thought, 'This bloke can't be serious, he's a tennis player, not a basketball player,’” Adup told the Sydney Morning Herald. “But he's actually pretty good at basketball. “Me and Nick we fight all the time, man. What Nick is seeing from other people at Wimbledon is nothing compared to KGV, man. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If people see what we do on campus, they would be shocked. “Nick is not the bully. I'm the bully. When Nick's around us, bro, the amount of stuff we say to him… we go hard at him. “Some people might want to be cool with Nick and not go at him because he's famous. “But for us it's different. We trash talk him. We don't sit back because he's the big dog. “When he's there he's not the big dog because we go at each other. “None of us care that he's Nick Kyrgios. We know who he is, but on the court to me everyone is the same.” Kyrgios is said to play basketball for two hours and tennis for just one as he prepares for matches. But that doesn’t appear to have held him back at Wimbledon, with the Australian currently in the form of his life. Kyrgios revealed on Friday, meanwhile, that he slept for just one hour after learning he’d be in the Wimbledon final. The 27-year-old received a free pass to the showpiece event after Rafael Nadal was forced to withdraw due to injury. And Kyrgios said: "I had a shocking sleep, just with the excitement. "I had so much anxiety, I was already feeling so nervous, and I don't feel nervous usually." He added: "I just want to go out on the practice court now and hit some tennis balls and just talk. "I want the final to come already. I know that I have to kind of just calm down. "There are still a couple days until that moment. Hopefully tonight I'll get a better rest, chamomile tea and a better rest." After his time at Wimbledon is up, Kyrgios is due to face court after being charged in relation to an allegation of common assault. But he’s shrugged that off, insisting he’s not reading the newspapers as he looks to put Djokovic to the sword. "I didn't read it, to be honest. I didn't see it," he said when asked about one specific headline. "It's something I have to deal with. That's just the world we live in. "I'm in a Wimbledon final. I know deep down everything I've gone through and I've worked for. "I just try to enjoy the ride. If that's what they want to write, I guess that's what they want to write. I can only control what I do."