Stranger Things cleaned up at the Emmy nominations but fans were outraged by the missing out of one starlet. Sadie Sink won't be in the running for anything at the major awards show for her portrayal of Max Mayfield. Receiving 13 nominations at the Emmy Awards, it is safe to say Netflix's Stranger Things season four was a massive hit. However, fans were disappointed to see one of the scene stealers from the latest instalment was left empty handed. Sadie Sink wowed viewers with her portrayal of Max Mayfield and has been credited online for bringing one of the greatest TV moments to life. Barely surviving the wrath of nightmarish Vecna, the character was also the catalyst for sparking season five rumours and the much-anticipated final plotline. READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself? Sadie won't be the only one without an Emmy, though, as none of the show's actors received any nominations. The big nomination being "Outstanding Drama", it will be the fourth time the Duffers series will land itself in the category hopefuls. Most of the other recognition went to technical elements of the smash hit including the likes of music supervision and sound editing. Tipped to win big, Sadie was predicted to take home something this year after her pivotal role in the season four storyline. An easy target for villain Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower), Max Mayfield struggled to come to terms with guilt carried over her brother's death. Ending the run in a coma after offering herself as bait, viewers were left wondering whether she would live or die. Speculation and confirmation from the show's creators finally revealed the character would be reprised for the finale season. The lack of recognition for the young actor's performance ignited the Twitter-sphere as fans shared their disgust. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things' Vecna star shares gruesome costume admission [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Dead character to return as villain [UPDATE]Stranger Things creators appear to confirm Max Mayfield theory [INSIGHT] User @RaganFox posted: "I get angrier by Sadie Sink's Emmy snub the more I reflect on how S4 relies on her performance. "She's responsible for what is, IMHO, one of the greatest scenes in TV history: the initial Running Up That Hill sequence." @Emmacreederzz echoed this statement by writing: "Sadie Sink was robbed of an Emmy nom for stranger things. Actual insanity" Another fan by the handle of @OMGLEZY tweeted: "It’s actually ridiculous that Sadie Sink wasn’t nominated for an Emmy. She was the best part of S4." While the fate of her character may not be clear, for now it's cemented that there won't be a shiny Emmy award in Sadie's future. Alongside her snub came one for Millie Bobby Brown and her continued performance of her character Eleven. Following the wild success of season four, the last and final run is beginning production but the Duffers brothers remain tight-lipped on the finer details. Watch Stranger Things seasons 1-4 on Netflix now.