The Chancellor and candidate to be the next Prime Minister awkwardly ploughed on through his speech despite the major disruption in the gathered crowd. Despite those in attendance for the speech clearly feeling uneasy about the medical situation, Mr Zahawi attempted to continue as if nothing had happened. An audience member appeared to pass out from the heat as the leadership candidate made a key campaign pledge. The Stratford-on-Avon MP pledged to cut income tax in 2023 and 2024 if elected as the new Tory frontman. He told the Thatcherite Conservative Way Forward group that he would reduce income tax to 19p next year and 18p the following year. He added tax and spending had been "skyrocketing" for "too many years". READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG  An amber weather warning for extreme heat is currently in place for the whole of London, as sweltering temperatures bake those in Westminster. More than 100 people were crammed into the underground bunker that was home to Churchill during World War Two in the hot weather to listen to the speech. The fainting incident risks drastically overshadowing the announcement. Attention in the room rapidly turned to getting help for the struggling on-looker. Many of those present were left stunned Mr Zahawi decided to continue with his speech rather than stopping to ensure no further medical assistance was needed. One of those witnessing the speech told Express.co.uk: "I can't believe he didn't stop. DON'T MISS:Rees-Mogg issues damning Sunak record assessment 'Inconsistencies' [REACTION]Boris stays stoic when confronted over brutal Tory revolt  [WATCH]Have Your Say: Is Brexit safe after Boris's exit? [GET INVOLVED]  "He just kept going. It's not a good look. He just looks out of touch." Another person described the incident as "awkward" for Mr Zahawi. A third compared it to a similar moment during a speech by Boris Johnson in 2019, adding it was an "own goal" from Mr Zahawi. In September 2019, Mr Johnson gave a speech on Brexit in front of a group of police recruits.  The Prime Minister said he would rather be ‘dead in a ditch’ than seek another delay to leaving the EU. One of those in uniform stood behind him suddenly appeared unsteady on her feet as sat down on the floor. Mr Johnson momentarily paused his speech to look at what had happened behind him before swiftly continuing. The incident was considered a gaffe by the Prime Minister, with criticism levelled at him for failing to stop his speech to check the police officer was alright. 