Scott Willis, 31, had gone out on a date with his wife on July 21 on their first date since before lockdown. The pair were set to head out for dinner before seeing a Queen tribute in Blackpool.   Looking for somewhere quiet to get food before the show, the couple headed into The Counting House on Talbot Square. Only, they say their date was ruined after their food came out cold after a 40-minute wait and they heard staff refer to them as "Scottish c****" as they waited. The restaurant's management have claimed the couple misheard and they were instead referred to as 'the Scottish couple'. Scott told LancsLive: "We ordered our food and took a seat and within ten minutes a girl came over with a sauce tray and our cutlery. It was only a short time after that, five or ten minutes, that we heard somebody say 'those Scottish c**** can wait' "The place wasn't busy at all and I'm assuming we were the only Scottish people in there, it just seemed it was aimed at us, especially after a 40-minute wait for food, which was stone cold." Scott and his wife had ordered a Mac N Cheese as well as a Chicken Curry. When the dishes came out, Scott says the Mac N Cheese was "stone cold" and the curry just "luke warm." He immediately told a member of staff that the food was cold and they received a full refund after paying £27.27. He added: "Even the staff member who I went to immediately said that's stone cold. She picked up the dish and was shocked, she said she'd say something. "When I handed her the chips her facial expression was like, 'wow this is shocking'," Scott continued. "I asked at this point to speak to a manager but we were told there wasn't one, he was on leave."  He added: "We didn't find it funny at all. We live in Blackpool, we're not tourists, we live here. We've been here for two years now. It was the first time, because of lockdown, we've not actually experienced going out. We have two children, Archie our youngest, has had surgery and stuff so we haven't as a couple been out on a date. "It ruined our night, I was hungry all night," he added. Despite their experience, Scott said he remained "kind and courteous" to the staff throughout. "We got our refund and just left," he said. Scott says he was assured the manager would be made aware of the incident when he returned from leave, but he's not so sure. He added: "To be honest, I think they'll hide that from him." A spokesperson for The Counting House said: “We are sorry for the long wait for food our customer experienced last night and issued a full refund immediately. We also believe there has been a misunderstanding as our team members who were working at the time are clear that they referred to the ‘Scottish couple’ but did not make the comment that has been alleged. Nevertheless, we do accept that our service last night fell below our usual high standards and we would like to once again apologise and hope to welcome them back to the pub soon.” 