New Arsenal signing Fabio Vieira has compared his playing style to that of Barcelona legend Lionel Messi and admitted his also looks up to fellow Portuguese superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. Arsenal moved early to capture Vieira from Porto this summer and the 22-year-old has told Gunners fans what to expect. “I love Ronaldo and Messi,” he told the Athletic. “I like Messi because of the style of play. It’s like mine — left-footed, some of the same qualities. "And Ronaldo not because he’s Portuguese, but because of the hard work, and the mentality. It’s incredible. And he scores many goals. They are incredible players.” Vieira is a name synonymous with the Highbury terraces from when Patrick Vieira captained the side during the noughties glory years. But the newest Vieira on the block has told Mikel Arteta has to unlock his full potential, and that's not as a box-to-box midfielder.  He explained: “The manager told me he knows I can play as a midfielder — No 8, No 10 — or on the wing, left side or right side. They know I am a versatile player. "I prefer No 10. It’s my real position." He added: "Of course, Patrick Vieira is a legend. I remember watching him on TV in the Premier League and the national team." Vieira racked up six goals for Porto last season and he wants to chip in with a few more at the Emirates Stadium. "I love attacking football, beautiful football," he said. "Possession. Quality.   "I’m an offensive player. I like to make the last pass, and to help team-mates to score. And I like to score goals too." Meanwhile, Arteta has recently explained why he was so desperate to get Vieira in the door. “In the case of Fabio, again, a talent that when I started to look at him, I said, ‘This is the type of player that I feel represents the way I want to play and the type of player we should have," he said. “I was on the phone with him, Edu was on the phone with him and we were all really impressed with his maturity at his age, because it’s not long ago that he’s made his debut with Porto, but again, he fits in our model, the way we want to play, the project that we are in and I’m really excited with him as well.” 