Next week, Sky comedy Breeders will be back with a brand-new series. The Responder star Martin Freeman and Black Mirror's Daisy Haggard will take the lead as husband and wife duo Paul and Ally as they try to juggle their jobs, marriage and the dramas of their two children. Bridget Jones and Miranda actress Sally Phillips will also be joining the cast as a guest star. Season three will pick up as the family struggle to deal with the tension between Paul and his son Luke (played by Alex Eastwood). Paul has been forced out of the family home after Luke ended up punching his dad in the face. Paul ended up moving into his mother-in-law Leah's (Stella Gonet) house, and despite feeling isolated at first, he soon befriends next-door neighbour Gabby (Sally Phillips). Meanwhile, Ally (Daisy Haggard) has her own problems with work, early menopause and with her increasingly strained relationship with her newly adolescent daughter, Ava (Eve Prenelle). READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit However, speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, the cast and show's creator discussed what fans can expect from season three. Showrunner Simon Blackwell also teased fans about whether there could be a season four. "We have got a few ideas," Simon began as he spoke about another series. "Yeah, so I'll say very possibly." Miranda actress Sally also joked to Simon about whether her character Gabby could return. "The fact I am sitting here makes me think I am coming back, am I coming back?" she laughed. "I'm so thrilled that you cast someone of a similar age or slightly older than Martin [Freeman] it's like a massive win. "I can't believe my luck. Thank you for having me." Simon went on to address season three's storyline, admitting he decided to change the format slightly. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone season 5: Behind the scenes clip of set sparks fan frenzy [REACTION]Giovanni Pernice on turning down Strictly Come Dancing [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan pays moving tribute to James Caan 'Very funny man' [VIDEO] He explained his original plan was to jump forward five years as he did in seasons one and two. However, he felt viewers wanted to see how everything played out after Luke punched his dad. "When we were in season two, we were wondering where to put…we knew there was going to be this punch," the showrunner said. "Then when it was the end, we suddenly thought well, people will kind of want to know what happens after that and we owe it to tell them. "So that made us think, well, let's not jump forward, let's carry on." Simon's colleague and fellow showrunner Chris Addison went on to say: "You're always trying to move towards something that's interesting. "At the end of season one, Luke had meningitis and then we had this punch. "The only structure I think that the three of us really ever thought about was that we'd imagined it as three seasons that were all five years apart. "There were sort of different stages, and once we got these idiots, we felt like we shouldn’t sort of fob the audience off by jumping away from a big question that we were asked, we carried on with this timeline, but it had its challenges because we didn't have an idea of where we were going to go with that." All 10 episodes of Breeders will be available on July 13 on Sky Comedy and streaming service NOW.