On The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel, Sandy, 70, called in to get advice from the American finance personality. Mr Ramsey stressed to her the importance of living a debt free life, especially in her situation. Sandy wanted to build a detached garage on her property. Her house is worth $190,000 (around £157,000) and she still owes $136,000 (around £112,000). However to be able to build her garage, she would need to refinance her house and take $20,000 (around £16,000) out of the equity. She wasn’t sure if it would be a good move as she is retired. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance claimants could get an extra £150 cost of living payment  This gives her annual income off around $25,000 (around £20,000). Sandy still works part time substitute teaching so some years she can earn up to $30,000 (around £25,000). She has been listening to the money expert on the radio and decided to call him for advice. She found him online as she was looking at gifts she could give her grandchildren for graduation. READ MORE: Britons could save up to £600 this summer to put towards autumn bills - 'take control now' Dave said he would send her gifts for her grandchildren to say thank you for being a loyal listener. The money expert stressed that he is “no debt Dave.” He said: “You already know what I’m going to say. “I do not want my new 70 year old friend with $900 (around £750) to go further into debt.“I’d love for you to have a garage but I love more that you have a very low house payment that you can manage with the income that you have coming in. “I love that you are a frugal common sense lady and you have a little bit of garage fever going here and usually a good cold shower can fix the fevers.” Him and Sandy laughed. He confirmed to her that he would send survival guides to her grandchildren as gifts for graduation.After Dave and Sandy shared a laugh, he confirmed he would send survival guides to her grandchildren as gifts for graduation. He added: “That last thing you need is more debt. “You don’t have any money, you’re living carefully on the pension and social security that you have, you’re 70 and you still have a mortgage. “I don’t need you to have a bigger mortgage that will further destabilise your life so not worth the extra risk and stress it could on you.”