British MMA fans will be in their element on Saturday night when UFC Fight Night comes to the O2 Arena in London, and there's no shortage of home stars on show. The likes of Tom Aspinall, Paddy Pimblett, and Molly McCann will all be in action, with a crowd of around 20,000 expected to attend. Aspinall, who has 12-2 win record in MMA, will headline the night by facing Curtis Blaydes in a heavyweight contest. The Salford-born star hopes that victory will finally earn him a maiden shot at a UFC title. Pimblett meanwhile, is not only aiming for a third straight win since signing with UFC, but a third 'Performance of the Night' crown as well when he faces Jordan Leavitt at lightweight level. McCann, who won in London in March via a stunning spinning back elbow against Luana Carolina, takes on Hanna Goldy in a flyweight bout. Subscribers to BT Sport will be able to watch the action on television from the comfort of their homes. The live programme starts at 8pm on BT Sport 1, and providing the bouts take place on time, will finish at 11.30pm. JUST IN: Conor McGregor told next UFC fight after Nate Diaz lifted lid on Dana White's plan  What if I can't watch UFC London live at home? Those with a BT Sport subscription will still be able to watch even if not at home on the night. The BT Sport app ensures fans can watch it live on their mobile phones, tablets, or i-pads. And those with computer access can enjoy it by logging in via BTSport.com.  What if I don't subscribe to BT Sport? Fight fans will need to be subscribed to two different streaming platforms to ensure that they will be able to watch all of the action on the night. The Prelims for the event will be available for fans in the United Kingdom through UFC Fight Pass DON'T MISS:Conor McGregor’s STAGGERING fortune that 34-year-old has gathered for his kidsNate Diaz follows Conor McGregor as UFC star slates Khabib Nurmagomedov in X-rated rantConor McGregor reaping fruits of new training regime as pictures show transformation UFC Fight Pass is available to subscribe at £6.99 per month, or at a discounted price of £71.99 for an entire year. The official website states: "The UFC FIGHT PASS library is enormous and continues to grow. "The FIGHT PASS library contains every fight in the history of the UFC, as well as the entire video libraries of over 30 other MMA/boxing/kickboxing/Muay Thai/Jiu-Jitsu promotions including PRIDE FC, WEC, Strikeforce, and Invicta FC.”