Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lives a typically rural life, supplying her own produce to her family of nine children. The reality TV star does not rely on any supermarkets or garages to grab any missing items from the weekly shop. However, this way of life was not automatically adopted and she revealed to James Martin there was a lot to take in at first. Amanda is famed for her huge family and incredible farm in the town of Ravenseat in North Yorkshire. The way she celebrates local produce and sustainability is there for everyone to see on the family's Channel 5 show. However, despite her roots in farming, there was still a culture shock when the mum of nine met her now ex-husband Clive. Chatting to James Martin, the Huddersfield-born TV star opened up about the transition to Ravenseat Farm. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party On his ITV cooking show James Martins' Saturday Morning, the TV chef asked whether the remoteness of the farm was a huge shock to the system for her. In her usual confident manner, Amanda candidly discussed the transition. She replied: "It is very remote - it's billed as one of the highest remotest hill farms in England and I mean it's a challenging place at the best of times. "So you have to adapt to the ways of the place and it certainly moulds your whole character."  The rural queen continued: "I think self sufficiency has to be one of the key things that you have to get your head around. "Everything is not to hand and you're pretty much out there, doing your thing, and you have to work with the produce and what is around you." Both from Yorkshire, James and Amanda chuckled when she used an example of her former partner Clive's eccentricities. Amanda laughed: "It's been quite a steep learning curve going to Ravenseat and I end up marrying a man who - pretty much - will present me with half a bullock as a gift." "You have to go from zero to hero very quickly," Amanda added. DON'T MISS...  Amanda Owen addresses 'technical issues' at Ravenseat amid Clive split [UPDATEInside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [ARTICLE]  The author also discussed her book and how her many children got involved too. Sharing details of her book The Yorkshire Shepherdess, she told James: "Well the kids are actually involved in the book!" The star continued: "They took the pictures that I'm in! So it really is sort of a family effort." Amanda appeared on her fellow Yorkshireman's cookery show late last year. While describing life on the farm, the farmer was philosophical on how the isolated farm life has impacted her. She said: "When you're out, rural, in the countryside, I think you do have a different kind of mindset. "Maybe a bit of a freer kind of mind, because you do feel that sense of independence, I think," the famous farmer concluded.