Mick Schumacher revealed a message that he had told his father, seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher, after finishing in the points for the first time at the British Grand Prix on Sunday. The junior Schumacher suffered through a handful of near-misses this season but finally got the job done at Silverstone, dedicating part of his victory speech to his father, who suffered a serious skiing accident in 2013. Michael Schumacher, who won world titles with Benetton and Ferrari, sustained a life-changing head injury while on a family skiing trip nine years ago. In a documentary that aired last year, Mick admitted: "I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. "We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent." Just under a year later, Mick was able to pay tribute to his father with a heartfelt radio message after picking up an impressive P8 finish at Silverstone. "I said it, hell, it's been brilliant," he stated. "They've been brilliant guys, unbelievably brilliant. Prove them wrong and believe in yourself, that's what I told dad." DON'T MISS: Bernie Ecclestone goes after Lewis Hamilton again and brings up Mercedes money quarrel His team and the wider F1 community were also overjoyed to see the youngster put his first points on the board, with his barren run ending after 31 Grand Prix. "You've done it, you've done it, awesome! Well done, absolutely brilliant. Slow mode now please slow mode," he was congratuled over the team radio. "Great job, great run, Mick." Team principal Guenther Steiner then jumped in and said: "Mick, fantastic job, thanks for your driving, it finally happened, impressive driving, thank you." Schumacher's four-point haul capped off a solid day for Haas with Kevin Magnussen also finishing in the points, two back in P10. Schumacher may have been feeling the pressure somewhat after Magnussen's terrific start to the season, with his return to the sport only made possible by the abrupt departure of Nikita Mazepin. Magnussen is still the top dog at Haas according to points on the board, but his German team-mate appears to be finding his rhythm and is expected to finish in the top 10 on a more regular basis as time wears on. Steiner also cranked up the pressure on the 23-year-old several weeks ago when a crash decimated his car in Monaco. The team principal stated that 'serious conversations' would be needed if it kept happening, as the team struggled to keep pace with the need for replacement parts. That is now firmly in the rear-view mirror after Sunday's performance, and fellow German Sebastian Vettel was one of the first to congratulate Schumacher, who was jousting with reigning world champion Max Verstappen up until the chequered flag. "I was actually screaming inside the car like, ‘Go Mick – go get him!’" Vettel told reporters. "I’m very happy for him – I think it’s been a long time that he deserves the result, and it’s great to get it." "You've done it, you've done it, awesome! Well done, absolutely brilliant. Slow mode now please slow mode," his engineer was saying over the radio. "Great job, great run, Mick."