Europe is facing a monumental energy crisis and the European Union acted this week by agreeing to voluntarily cut gas use by 15 percent from August to March. While Ursula von der Leyen and the EU establishment were praised for the agreement, many pointed out that the agreement had been significantly watered down and included several compromise deals. GB News' host Nigel Farage ridiculed the notion of EU solidarity, pointing out that the EU "is not in a very united place at all!" He told viewers: "We have predicted on this programme for months that there was a really major energy emergency coming to the European Union and its member-states. "We even predicted rationing. "Some people called us scare-mongering, asking how could something like that happen in a modern, advanced nation like Germany. "Well this week, the EU has agreed that member-states will voluntarily cut gas usage by 15 percent. "It is voluntarily - but if they don't meet those targets, the EU will bring in legislation to enforce it!" JUST IN: Dorries interview cuts off as cameraman verbally assaulted  He continued: "People have praised the move as the EU showing solidarity - but not really! "Malta has been exempted, Cyprus has been exempted, the Republic of Ireland too. "The Hungarians have essentially just stuck two fingers up to Brussels and said no. "There was quite strong opposition from Portugal, Spain, Greece, from others. "So no, I don't think they are in a very united place at all."  The emergency measure is seen across Europe as designed to save Germany should Russia cut off the gas completely. Data on Monday showed Europe's biggest economy was likely on the cusp of a recession. France’s minister for energy transition, Agnès Pannier-Runacher, had urged fellow member-states to pass the deal, adding the health of the whole European economy was at stake. She said: "If the chemical industry in Germany coughs, the whole of European industry could come to a halt.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'got back to US very chagrined' [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer faces open revolt as McDonnell backs general strike [INTERVIEW]Nadine Dorries loses it at GMB's Ranvir Singh over Rishi revenge claim [VIDEO]  However, the measure was watered down amid claims it was an EU power grab. It also faced tough resistance from figures in Poland, Portugal, Spain, Cyprus, and Greece. Ministers eventually agreed to opt-outs for island nations unconnected to the EU gas network, which applies to Ireland, Malta, and Cyprus Following the deal, Russia's Gazprom announced it would cut flows through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline to Germany to a fifth of capacity. EU chief Ursula von der Leyen accused the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, of attempting to blackmail European countries for supporting Ukraine. READ NEXT: VDL shoots herself in foot as EU energy plan finances Putin’s war moreIndia ready to step in and save Europe from energy crisis with £82bnPutin blackmails Europe with threat of ‘unmanageable’ gas cutoffNational Grid warns of blackout ‘risk’ as UK forced to import EU 'Very powerful weapon' Putin's retaliation strategy exposed