For me, the golden rule of Breakfast TV is telling people something in the morning they didn’t know when they went to bed the night before. It’s an honour and a privilege. And, to me, it’s the best job in the world. That’s why the thought of being back among the team at GB News was one of the things that kept me going during my recent unexpected stay in hospital. But it’s not always easy - and there’s been several times over the past five months where I wished I didn’t have to show viewers some of the terrible scenes coming out of the Ukraine. Yet we mustn’t look away. And last week’s attack by the Russians on a shopping centre in the Ukrainian city of Kremenchuk, which killed dozens and left hundreds injured, underlined once again how evil Vladimir Putin is.   Make no mistake, this man is the Adolf Hitler of our times - and I fear far worse could yet lie ahead. That’s why I found it strange to see world leaders laughing and joking at the G7 summit as they discussed how best to deal with Putin. Sniggering about his numerous shirtless photo-ops? I just hope nobody cowering or hiding from bombs in Ukraine was watching on. If they were, they might be left scratching their heads and asking just how serious G7 Leaders are about dealing with this murderous-monster hiding in Moscow.  This week I thought we’d finally toughened up when Liz Truss said she planned to use cash, cars and roubles seized from Russians to rebuild Ukraine. Then the Foreign Secretary seemed to slam the brakes on what sounds to me like a top idea by saying she was “actively looking at how we legislate to seize assets from those who have contributed to this appalling war”. It’s time we all woke up to the reality that there are no laws and there are no rules when it comes to War. No-ifs, no-buts - every single penny seized from Russians should be going to Ukraine. Not least because I don’t think folk would want to see a single rouble being reinvested into their NHS, their schools or their public services. Such a step would also send a signal to Ukrainians that there is reason to be hopeful during the darkest days. Nobody is a better beacon for a brighter future ahead than Olena Kurylo. She was blinded during a Russian missile attack at the start of the War. The images of her face, which were later beamed round the world, remain one of the most shocking pictures I’ve seen emerge from the War so far.  Now after an operation to save her sight, Olena is back teaching and even running volunteer art classes for young Ukrainian refugees in Poland. "I forget I am in Poland and my worries disappear when I do this," she said in an interview over the weekend. "I have a lot of love in my soul and I want to give it to the children. They give me a joy I haven't had since the war started." Amazing. What an inspiration. Olena is living proof hope can win over evil. I dearly hope I can bring more stories like her’s in the weeks and months ahead. That really would be good news to wake up to. 