Meghan Markle and Prince Harry signed a lucrative deal with the streaming giant to host and produce content, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex "gave away a lot of content for free" to Oprah Winfrey in their bombshell interview with her, royal expert Angela Mollard has said. Speaking to the Australian morning show Sunrise, Ms Mollard said: "They in a sense gave away for free to Oprah a lot of content. "They've told her a lot. So what exclusivity does Netflix have if they were to do a documentary with them? "I think if you were the boss of Netflix you would be thinking, 'am I getting the money worth with these two?' "Voicing a couple of documentaries is really not cutting it. "There has to be an alignment of brands and I don't think that's happening at this stage." READ MORE: ‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans It comes as Meghan and Harry are caught in a "mess" with their "fly on the wall Netflix documentary", a royal expert has claimed. The pair reunited with senior members of the Royal Family for the first time since Megxit during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. But the royal couple's Netflix plans were dismantled when palace aides stopped them from taking photos with the Queen. Royal expert Russell Myers claimed that officials were "absolutely" against images amid claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on a Netflix documentary. Speaking to TODAY, Mr Myers said: "The Queen did get to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet. "There was no official photography being placed but the reports were that Harry and Meghan did want their friend Misan Harriman to come and have a picture with the Queen. "Of course, that would have been a nice family moment but the palace was absolutely adamant that it couldn't take place. "You can't blame them because Harry and Meghan are still rumoured to be doing this fly on the wall documentary with Netflix. It's all getting quite messy." DON'T MISS Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's hidden NY teaser show shelved - claim [INSIGHT]Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex taken [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan's relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm.