As holidaymakers get ready to go abroad for the first time since before the pandemic, many are looking for ways to protect themselves and their valuables. Wizz Air has shared some top tips for tourists. A Wizz spokesperson said: “Flat money belts which are strapped underneath your clothes can store cash, cards and any valuables, or for a budget method you can get creative. “Use a tampon applicator as a makeshift wallet to keep cash hidden, it is exceptionally unlikely a robber will be looking to steal a tampon.” Hiding cash in a tampon applicator is a budget way to protect cash and other small valuables as robbers are unlikely to look there. Flat money belts are also the perfect way to disguise valuables and fit easily under a traveller’s outfit. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here Research by Wizz Air found that Google searches for female solo travel are almost 500 percent up in the last month. While travelling alone as a woman can be an extremely rewarding experience, it’s also important to take precautions. The spokesperson said: “To avoid drawing attention to the fact you are a solo traveller, avoid dressing like a tell-tale tourist and instead, dress as simply as you can. “In fact, you should take note of how locals are dressed to help you curate your outfits. “If you notice locals covering certain parts of their body, for example, then you should do the same. “Not only will this help you blend in, but it also means you don’t risk seeming disrespectful.” British tourists should always show respect to other cultures and in some destinations it will be advisable to cover up. The spokesperson added: “While travelling with a phone or a camera can be unavoidable, there are ways you can conceal these high value items. READ MORE: ‘Just say no’ Cruise passengers expose common port scam  “Avoid storing your camera in a dedicated camera bag and instead keep it in a simple and unobvious bag.” Wizz also advised travellers to show caution when it comes to booking holiday accommodation this summer. The spokesperson said: “If you are travelling on a budget, it can be easy to ignore reviews in favour of saving money. “However, you must ensure there are plenty of reviews available, as this will give you a better understanding of where you will be staying. “Read the reviews of hotels or BNBs you are considering, to ensure the location is safe and near amenities such as public transport.” They added: “Let your bank know prior to going abroad to avoid any misunderstandings and having to call up your bank while on holiday. “This can be done by calling them up or many banks allow you to set a holiday on your account online.” Banks could freeze cards if they notice unexpected activity abroad as they may think it has been stolen. Tourists could also opt to use a currency card to get the best rates abroad.