Cruise passengers can be targets for pickpockets at port areas. Some passengers have shared their top tips to avoid any mishaps. A first time cruiser asked passengers for their advice on Reddit and said it was also their first time going abroad. One passenger said: “If anyone in Europe asks to show you something, just say no. Once you pick up the item they will demand money.” A common scam in some European cities is to pass tourists an item such as a flower or decoration and then ask them to pay for it. It can be difficult to escape without paying so tourists should avoid picking up items offered to them by strangers. READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' The passenger added: “Just hold your bag as you walk, be alert, and don’t touch things you don’t intend on buying!” One regular cruiser said: “If you take your passports with you then maybe have a copy stored somewhere else. “These people are pros and they can distract you and easily snatch or pick up your bag when your guard is down.” It’s best to keep all valuables on the cruise ship rather than taking anything special out on a day excursion. Many holidaymakers opt to purchase anti theft devices or special bags with features to avoid theft. However, one regular cruiser said: “I don’t actually suggest anti theft stuff because it automatically looks touristy and like you clearly have valuables. “Just get a handbag with a zipper, don’t keep phones in pockets and you could also wear a money belt.” A simple bag with a zipper could be a better option than an anti theft bag as it may draw attention. READ MORE: Simon Calder tip for flight compensation - ‘they have to pay!’ A passenger recommended that people split their money between them if they are travelling in a group. They said: “The best is a hidden pouch under your shirt for all the important documents and only leave the minimum amount of cash in your wallet. “Don’t take all your credit cards with you and leave some on the ship. Carry spare change as toilets may charge you.” It’s fairly common in Europe for public toilets to have a small charge for people to use them, usually around 20-40p. It’s a good idea for tourists to carry some small change in case they need to use a toilet on a day excursion. Another passenger added: “Make sure to inform your bank and credit card companies that you are travelling internationally.” Banks may think a card has been stolen if passengers make a lot of international transactions. It’s important to inform the bank or credit card company if tourists are planning to travel overseas.