Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary have been fronting the show for two weeks from July 11 while regular presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield have a break from being on-screen. Although they revealed this will be their last week on This Morning before another dynamic duo takeover After viewers learnt what to expect in the episode through the opening title sequence, Alison and Dermot arrived in the studio. Welcoming fans to the show, Alison turned to her co-host as she said: “I can’t believe we’re at Thursday already, can you believe it?” Doing a small celebratory dance, Dermot said the day has a certain vibe to it before Alison agreed. She said: “Always, cause you’re thinking it’s nearly the weekend, we’re nearly there it’s not long!”   The 47-year-old then turned to her co-host to share the news with viewers they won’t be on our screens for much longer. She said: “Just think, we’re off after tomorrow. This is our penultimate day! “Then we’re on holiday aren’t we?" Sarcastically Alison said it was such a shame they were going on a break before the crew started laughing off-screen.   Earlier this month, ITV bosses confirmed viewers will see a rotation of celebrity presenters hosting This Morning throughout the summer. They revealed coupling up on the couch will be Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle, Rochelle Humes and Andi Peters and Josie and Vernon Kay. Fans will also see Rochelle and Craig, Mollie King and Craig, and Ruth and Rylan, before Rochelle and Vernon finally take over. From September 5, the show will resume as normal with Holly and Philip returning to reclaim their seats.   This Morning editor Martin Frizell touched on the switch-up as he said: "I’m delighted that This Morning will continue to air throughout the summer weeks with such a varied and talented mix of hosts that I know viewers adore. "Each partnership will bring something new and exciting to entertain viewers each morning across the nation no matter what the weather will be like outside this summer!” When Ruth Langsford fronts the show alongside Rylan, it’ll mark the first time she has presented This Morning since her husband, Eamonn Holmes left in 2021.   Despite being on the show for 15 years, Eamonn has stated he wasn’t given a reason for why he was axed. Speaking about being let go, he told The Times: "I don’t have any issues with that at all. "I just have issues with why they can’t tell you your time is up." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITV Hub.  