DI Malone (played by Mark Womack) terrorised Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) and her father, Will Taylor (Dean Andrews), for months on Emmerdale. With this reign of terror never-ending, an altercation between Dawn, Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton), and himself saw him killed off and his body buried, with no one ever being sent down for his murder. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, it seems Dawn could do something else to unburden herself from the guilt she has been feeling since ending his life, and this could be taking care of his young daughter, Clemmie. The newcomer made her first appearance in Thursday night's episode as the daughter of Dawn's former best friend Beth, who died of an overdose. Jade (Abigail Uttley), another one of Dawn's friends from her days as a sex worker, was tasked with taking care of the child, but she did a horrendous job of it. With the youngster seen sleeping in a dog bed and having no idea her mother was dead, Dawn realised she had to do something. As Jade proceeded to get high on drugs and with an unknown man turned up demanding money, the beloved villager took Clemmie back to the Dales. It's fair to say, Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) was not too impressed with his wife seemingly abducting a child instead of calling social services. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun: Jasmine Harman shuts down couple's expectations Explaining herself to her husband Billy, the mother-of-one said: "It's Beth's daughter, and I couldn't leave her at Jade's." "And this Jade asked you to look after her?" Billy asked, with Dawn adding: "I'm trying to explain. She was sleeping in a dog's bed in the kitchen whilst Jade was off her face in the room next door. "I was like, 'You need to get social services involved', but she wouldn't. Then this bloke turned up and it got proper nasty, and I gave him £40 so I could take her." "So you bought her?" a shocked Billy asked, with his wife telling him: "No. They wouldn't give me her otherwise. She was really upset. Billy, she doesn't even know that her mother has gone." With Billy disagreeing with his partner, he said: "Clemmie's nothing to do with you, you've practically abducted her." "You need to phone it in. Tell social services exactly what you've just told me," he told his wife, who hit back as she didn't like the fact Clemmie would be taken into care. Explaining the youngster didn't seem to have a father figure in her life, Dawn said: "It's overwhelming for her. She's got nobody, no family, no grandparents, no one to step in." This could be a hint her father could be dead, too, and he could be DI Malone, who could have known Beth back in the day. Although he was a man of the law, there was nothing law-abiding about the villainous character, and he could have used his position of power to take advantage of Beth. Their exchange may have resulted in the birth of a young daughter, who DI Malone might not have known anything about. DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] It could be whilst they are trying to find Clemmie's father that Dawn and Billy get her taken for some blood testing to see if she is related to anyone on the doctor's database. They could both be left rocked to the core if they discover she is actually DI Malone's daughter and this would make Dawn more adamant than ever that she would be staying. However, as their row continued in Thursday night's episode, Billy told his wife: "Social services will know what to do." "One night will not make a difference, you don't know what it feels like, Billy," Dawn explained to her other half. "I was that little girl, worried where my dad was, who these random adults were who turned up and started talking over my head, shoving stuff in bin bags." When Clemmie appeared, having supposedly overheard the conversation, Billy told his spouse: "She is terrified of me." "Well, we don't know what she's been through, do we?" Dawn replied, with her husband stating: "Exactly, social services are the experts, whatever you say. This could be doing her more damage." Trying to make her stance known, Dawn said aloud: "If Beth had told me she was pregnant and not just disappeared, I could have helped her." "You can't change the past, it's about now that's what matters," Billy remarked, with both of them having made mistakes in their past. It could be they will have to confront their past if DI Malone is somehow connected to the newcomer as they would have a moral obligation to look after her. In recent weeks, the couple were speaking about expanding their family and Billy was excited at the prospect of having another child one day. However, Dawn was less reluctant, which may surprise some people considering how willing she has been to take on Clemmie. With the youngster part of the picture, it would be even more evident Dawn wouldn't have any more children as she would have a boy and a girl. But not willing to let his future be taken away from him, will Billy report Dawn to social services and have Clemmie taken away from her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.