The 22-year-old, wanted in connection with the death of Lillia Valutyte, was detained yesterday afternoon, just hours after police had released CCTV images of a suspect in the case. The Harry Potter fan died from a single stab wound on Thursday evening in a street in Boston, Lincolnshire.  Lillia, described as "kind" and "funny" by her heartbroken pals, was playing with her five-year-old sister outside their mum Lina Savicke's workplace in Fountain Lane in the historic market town. The girls had a hula-hoop and a toy pram was left at the scene, according to shocked witnesses. Two men initially arrested soon after the killing have been released with no further action. 'Thanks for being an amazing friend' Yesterday, Chief Supt Martyn Parker of Lincolnshire Police said: "We have arrested a 22-year-old man on suspicion of murder. He is now in police custody." He told media assembled near a makeshift shrine of bouquets and candles in memory of the tragic youngster: "The arrest follows a combination of intelligence and information supplied by several members of public. "We are not looking for anyone else in connection with this incident." Lillia's devastated parents are being supported by bereavement officers.  Speaking near the scene of Lillia's death, Chief Supt Parker added: "This is a particularly tragic case and I'd like to reassure the public that we have a huge amount of resources dedicated to this investigation. "We continue to provide support to the family of Lillia as they grieve fol- lowing this unimaginable loss." Shocked locals continued to lay tributes yesterday, including Harry Potter scarves and memorabilia. School pal Tia Mills wrote: "You were taken far too soon. I'll never forget our silly chats. You were the bestest friend. "Hopefully you are now with the angels in a better place. You are probably watching Harry Potter. Thanks for being an amazing friend." After placing her card, Tia, nine, said: "She was so nice and we laughed together. She was funny and kind and she liked Harry Potter."  Her mum, echoing the sentiments of others, added: "It is devastating beyond words. She was a lovely girl. They are a lovely family." Jurate Matulioniene, a family friend and chairwoman of the Boston Lithuanian Community, said: "Lillia was a beautiful angel, she was quite quiet and loved dancing. "The family used to come to all of our community events and they would always stay late to help clear up." One resident added: "The little girl was playing in the street with her younger sister when it happened. "I'm sure her mum wouldn't have been far away as she always checked on them. She was a very quiet girl and I just can't understand it." 