Barcelona have been extremely busy in the transfer market this summer, being linked with multiple deals as Xavi's squad starts to take shape. They've come a long way since losing Lionel Messi, and they'll be looking to challenge for the La Liga title and in Europe again. Xavi's line-up will look very different to last season, with a flurry of fresh faces while waving goodbye to others. Club legend Dani Alves saw his lucrative short-term deal come to an end and Barcelona opted not to re-sign the defender, and the Catalan side finally accepted the £125million loss and sold Philippe Coutinho to Aston Villa on a permanent deal. Frenkie de Jong could follow him out the door for a more respectable £56.2m, while Clement Lenglet has left the club on loan. Loan deals for Adama Traore and Luuk de Jong have also expired but Raphinha is on the verge of joining from Leeds, with Robert Lewandowski still pushing for a switch to Spain this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd told how to beat Chelsea to De Jong as player faces decision  Raphinha is set to join Barcelona for an initial £49m after the Catalan side agreed a deal with Leeds, and he will join Andres Christensen and Franck Kessie who both joined the club on free transfers. Raphinha reportedly only wanted Barcelona, with Lewandowski also desperate to move. The Poland star is still confident that a deal will take place, and it will significantly boost their firepower up top with Ferran Torres, Ansu Fati, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and the newly re-signed Ousmane Dembele all fighting for places. Dembele has finally put exit rumours to rest by agreeing to sign a contract extension. Another star that also followed suit was Ronald Araujo, who penned a new long-term deal as Xavi sees him as the clubs main centre-back for the future, and he will partner up with Christensen with Gerard Pique getting older, and Lenglet being shipped off to Tottenham.  DON'T MISS Ten Hag 'can't wait' to sell Ronaldo as Man Utd boss under scrutiny Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo 'offers himself' to PSG Thomas Tuchel 'chooses priority' between Ronaldo and Lewandowski  But along with Christensen, Barcelona are also chasing two other Chelsea stars, with Spanish duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso linked with a move. Both stars see their deals expire next summer, and could be available on the cheap with Reece James and Ben Chilwell now the first choice in each of their positions. With Alves moving on and Jordi Alba ageing, it's a position of concern for Xavi. But one area that is no longer in demand is the midfield, with Gavi and Pedri seen as the heirs to both Andreas Iniesta and Xavi himself. Kessi has joined the mix, with Sergio Busquets still at the club for now, and Raphinha may even play at no.10 to allow for their multiple attacking options. Should Xavi sign Lewandowski and the rest of his attacking targets, it could be quite the team next season, Barcelona's potential line-up: Ter Stegen; Azpilicueta, Araujo, Christensen, Alonso; Gavi, Pedri, Kessie; Dembele, Lewandowski, Raphinha 