It's been more than a year since Below Deck Med was last seen on Bravo and Peacock but the wait is almost over for the explosive reality show's return. While there are plenty of new faces to welcome aboard, there are a couple of familiar ones starring in this next series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Below Deck Med season seven. Captain Sandy Yawn is the only original Below Deck Med star to return for every season, attempting to lead the crews in the right direction. She has more than three decades of yachting experience under her belt and is one of the most respected captains in the industry. This time around, Captain Sandy is going to be taking the helm of the new 163ft motor yacht, Home, to Malta, somewhere she hasn't travelled to before. Nevertheless, she is more than ready for her next job as she says in the trailer "Challenge accepted". READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Making a comeback following his first appearance in season six is Mzi "Zee" Dempers. He was a deckhand in the previous series and will be returning to the role for this new lot of episodes. Zee was adopted by a large family when he was three years old, with two brothers who are in the yachting industry as captain and chief officer. After completing his education in Cape Town, he followed in their footsteps to start his own journey at sea. Joining the Below Deck Med family for the first time and ready to give her orders is chief stew Natasha Webb. Originally from a small town in West Yorkshire, Natasha has worked a plethora of other jobs including bartender, nanny, teacher, actress and golf caddy. She now runs her own yacht recruitment agency, Indie-Pearl, after kick-starting her yachting career 10 years ago and worked her way up the career ladder. Natasha says that she prides herself on her leadership style, being "equal part fair and flare". DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [REACTION]Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans fume after Ashley Marti skips reunion  [REUNION]Below Deck Down Under's Chef Ryan speaks out on 'villain' casting [CAST] Keeping the crew and guests well fed this time around will be chef Dave White. As an adrenaline junkie, Dave has competed in pro skiing competitions, skydived and climbed Mount Everest. He has worked in some of London's most prestigious kitchens during his career, with seven years' experience as a head chef. Dave also has a French-based restaurant which is available seasonally. Working as the crew's second-ever female bosun for season seven is newcomer Raygan Tyler. Originally from Essex, Raygan got the travel bug when she was young and has been working in the boating industry ever since. Other cast members include: Stew Natalya Scudder Stew Kyle Viljoen Deckhand Storm Smith Deckhand Jason Gaskell Below Deck Med season 7 premieres on Monday, July 4, on Peacock and the following week on Monday, July 11, on Bravo.