Boris Johnson has been a leading voice for supporting Ukraine among Western allies, as the outgoing Prime Minister today reiterated his pledge to take on Vladimir Putin until his last day in office. Mr Johnson shared footage of his visit this week to Ukrainian troops being trained by the British Armed Forces in North Yorkshire. The military visit saw the Prime Minister hurl a grenade and even try out an NLAW anti-tank missile launcher. In the clip, Mr Johnson removes the pin from a dummy grenade before throwing it into the air. Throughout the video, Ukrainian troops, with their faces blurred, are seen trying out military tactics taught by the British forces. The Prime Minister also spoke with some of the 400 Ukrainian soldiers at the British base and delivered a rousing speech. The scheme will eventually train around 10,000 Ukrainian soldiers over the next four months. JUST IN: Pelosi 'parrots lies' and meddles in Brexit deal 'Existential threat'  Speaking to the soldiers and to the Ukrainian people, Mr Johnson said: "I just want you to know that the people of the United Kingdom support the people of Ukraine and support you in your fight. "And I am absolutely convinced that you can win and that you will win. "I know that in the end, the Ukrainian people are going to succeed. I know that the Ukrainian forces are going to succeed. "I'm very proud of the role that the UK has been able to play so far, but in the end, this is thanks to the bravery and the heroism of these Ukrainian troops."  He said that his country was "committed to doing all we can to help Ukraine continue to repel Russian aggression". He detailed the scale of military support for Ukraine, pointing out that Britain has already sent 6,900 anti-tank weapons, 120 armoured vehicles and multiple launch rocket systems. The visit to North Yorkshire marks the second military exercise Mr Johnson has taken part in this week as he jumped into the cockpit of Typhoon fighter jet on Monday. DON'T MISS: Astonishing moment Russian troops film their own mutiny [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin 'spits in face of Erdogan' [LIVE BLOG]Liz Truss MUST inspire the nation and keep Starmer out of No10 [COMMENT]  During a call with President Volodymyr Zelensky, Mr Johnson vowed that British support for Ukraine against President Putin's armies will "not waver no matter who becomes the next UK Prime Minister". Meanwhile, Russia struck Ukraine's main port of Odesa this morning with devastating cruise missiles. The attack comes just hours after Moscow and Ukraine sign a monumental deal to allow grain exports from Ukraine's ports, which include Odesa. This has cast the viability of the deal in doubt. The agreement would have released some 20 million tonnes of grain to prevent a global food crisis in large parts of the developing world. READ NEXT: Ukraine LIVE: Putin 'spits in face of Erdogan'Putin BREAKS grain export deal after just HOURS Zelensky calls for more air defencesRoyal Navy submarine hunter intercepts submarinesPutin desperately asks Iran and China for weapons 