Melania Trump attended Ivana Trump’s - Donald Trump’s ex-wife’ - funeral in New York City yesterday. The famous family was brought together to pay their respects to her life and legacy. And Melania wore a well-cut black dress and large sunglasses to hide her face. The former president of the United States attended his first’s wife’s funeral service with his current wife and former first lady Melania. Everyone who attended the funeral service wore black as a mark of respect. Melania wore a simple short sleeve black dress with a pointed collar and slightly-opened neckline. The A-line dress featured a mid-calf skirt that had a statement pleat at the front. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in delicate dress for evening out with Prince Charles It is not known what brand the dress is, but it is believed to be new in Melania’s wardrobe. The 52-year-old wore a pair of simple black court shoes with the dress and accessorised with large dark sunglasses. She wore no accessories with her outfit, and instead, had her hair down in her signature blow-dried style. Ivana's three children - Donald Trump Jr, Eric and Ivanka - all spoke at the service. DON'T MISS...How to make a loaf of bread for less than 50p - recipe [GUIDE]Queen ‘broke tradition’ with her favourite Scottish hobby [VIDEO]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [COMMENT] The former president did not speak but appeared afterwards on the steps of the church with the rest of the family. Ivana died in an accident on July 14 as a result of suffering blunt impact injuries to her torso, the New York City Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said. The official ruling came a day after Ivana was found dead in her Manhattan residence. She was 73 years old. READ MORE: 'Practical!' Zara Tindall's £140k engagement ring has special meaning Ivana made a huge mark on the fashion scene throughout her life. She rose to socialite status after meeting and marrying a young Donald Trump during her modelling days in the mid-'70s. Following her marriage to Trump, Ivana found her footing as a highly-regarded New York City socialite. After she divorced Donald, Ivana launched her own line of clothing, costume jewellery and cosmetics called Ivana Haute Couture sold on the Home Shopping Network and the Canadian Shopping Channel. She also launched her own fashion and fragrance company, House of Ivana, in 1995. Donald and Ivana famously kept a close relationship with Ivana after their divorce, with Ivana calling them “the best of friends” and supporting both his campaign and tenure as president. They were married for 15 years.