With a heatwave on the way, Britons up and down the country will be using sunscreen to protect themselves during the hot weather. Sunscreen and sun block is paramount during hot, sunny weather as it helps protects the skin from absorbing UV radiation. However, sunscreen can be oily and leave stains on items of clothing and furniture. Children wearing sunscreen may accidentally wipe it on sofas, carpets, chairs and other soft furnishings without even realising. Now, Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk has shared his cornflour and bicarbonate of soda hack for removing sunscreen stains. He said: “If sunscreen lands on furniture, the first thing you need to do is blot up as much as you can without spreading the stain further. “Then head for the kitchen cupboards. “Find some cornflour or baking soda and place on the stained area. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ “Let it soak for around 15 minutes. “This should help absorb the oily residue. “Scrape or vacuum up - you may need to do this more than once. “To clean any remnants, mix two cups of water to one tablespoon of washing up liquid and sponge with a clean cloth until the stain is removed.” Most people will have cornflour in their homes, however, for those who don’t it’s relatively affordable.  DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] Sainsbury's Cornflour costs £1.75 for 500g. Cooks' Ingredients Cornflour costs 90p from Waitrose & Partners. ASDA Cornflour costs just 85p for 250g. Cornflour can also remove odours as well by neutralising smells. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It can be used to mask an unpleasant smelling carpet by scattering it onto the surface and then vacuuming it. Baking soda can also be used to clean other items. Also known as bicarbonate of soda, it can be mixed with white vinegar to create an effective cleaning solution. The mixture can be used to remove grime, disinfect surfaces and unblocking drains.  Sainsbury's Bicarbonate Of Soda costs £1.25. ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda costs just 55p for 200g, while Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda is £1.75 for 500g. Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda is £1 from Savers.