Experts at Lifestyle Packaging claimed pills and medication should never be kept in the bathroom, kitchen or on the counter. Why? The bathroom cabinet is one of the most common places to store medication and supplements, but is not the best place, according to the experts. From Lifestyle Packaging, they claimed: "The humidity of showers and baths can quickly deteriorate vitamins and lower their potency, reducing their effectiveness and speeding up their expiration date. "Humidity is not the only factor to consider – fluctuating temperatures can also have an adverse effect on vitamins. "So, even if your bathroom has impressive ventilation, it’s still not a great place to store supplements." READ MORE: How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge According to the experts, vitamins, supplements and other pills should never be stored in the kitchen. They explained why: "The heat from ovens and hobs in addition to damp conditions and steam created by sinks, kettles and dishwashers makes the kitchen a treacherous environment for storing supplements. "Better to store your vitamins away from the heat of the kitchen to preserve and lengthen their lifespan." Some people like to keep their medication in the fridge, but the cold can damage them and also reduce their effectiveness, the experts claimed.  From Lifestyle Packaging, they said: "While some supplements will benefit from being kept in the fridge, such as liquid fish oil and some probiotics, this shouldn’t be a given for all types of dietary supplements. "The fridge is a high-moisture area, and the condensation will degrade most supplements. "So, unless the packaging specifically recommends refrigerating the supplement, best to ditch the fridge." Keeping medication on the kitchen counter is perhaps the most common place to store them. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using lavender However, experts alleged that although it "might seem like a more convenient way to remember to take your pills and vitamins, doing so could reduce their effectiveness". This is because leaving supplements on windowsills or countertops "can be detrimental to their integrity since exposure to UV light will degrade supplements quicker, even if they’re kept in their original packaging". "Not only does leaving vitamins and medication out in the open leave them vulnerable to degradation, but curious children and pets can also easily get hold of them, spelling disaster," they claimed. Where is the best place to store supplements? According to the experts, the best place is a "cool, dry place with little light exposure". They said: "A drawer in your bedside table will make the perfect home for your supplements and is conveniently placed for you to take your vitamins first thing in the morning. "Storing supplements in an out-of-reach opaque container will help protect the integrity of the ingredients, lengthen their lifespan and keep idle hands at bay." Alternatively, a linen cupboard or a dry basement can also be "excellent areas for storing vitamins and supplements," they claimed. It is recommended people always check their medication or supplements for storage advice.