Abdullah Mohammed Ali Bin Beyat Alfalasi, 47, was arrested during a trip back to the UK at his upmarket flat in Lowndes Square, Belgravia, in December last year. He was found to be the kingpin of a gang that smuggled £104million into Dubai between April 2019 and November 2020 in what is thought to be one of Britain's largest ever money laundering rings. The group, believed to be made up of around 36 couriers from across the country, are believed to have carried out 83 trips and earned around £12million. Emirati-national Alfalasi admitted money laundering and was jailed for nine years and seven months today. In a briefing ahead of his sentencing, officers from the NCA said Michele Clarke, one of his UK associates, helped recruit couriers in her hometown of Leeds. Clarke has not yet been charged and is still in Dubai but two of her Leeds recruits have been brought to justice, officers said. Tara Hanlon, 31, was jailed for almost three years after being caught at Heathrow trying to smuggle £2million into Dubai in five suitcases in October 2020. It was said at her sentencing hearing that when she was stopped by a customs official and asked about the amount of luggage, she claimed she was on a girls trip and didn’t know what to wear.  In messages to a contact Hanlon bragged: “3 big ones…with this wage and the next my debts go bye” and other messages referred to the job as a “perfect life a few days in the sun and a few at home.” Hanlon, of Peham Court, Middleton, Leeds, admitted money laundering and was jailed last year for 34 months. The NCA said Nicola Esson, 55, Stanks Close, Swarcliffe, Leeds, also admitted money laundering in May this year and is awaiting sentence. Ian Truby, an NCA senior investigating officer, said Esson had travelled from Heathrow to Dubai on three occasions between August and September 2020 and checked in 19 suitcases. The combined weight of those suitcases was half a ton, Mr Truby said, and Esson declared a total of £6.4million in cash on her arrival in Dubai. He said: “She always returned a few days later from each trip with the same baggage items weighing significantly less.” He said Muhammad Geyas Ilyas, 29, from Slough, Berkshire, was arrested in February 2020 at Heathrow after arriving from a flight in Dubai. Ilyas checked in four suitcases at Heathrow ten days earlier, but one had gone missing and was later found by Border Force with £431,000 inside, it was said. He pleaded guilty to money laundering of over £2.5m over two trips and is also awaiting sentence. Zdenek Kamaryt, 38, originally from the Czech Republic, was stopped in November 2020 as he boarded a flight to Dubai and was jailed for 26 months in March after admitting smuggling £1.3 million. At Alfalasi’s sentencing today (Thurs), Isleworth Crown Court heard millions of pounds in cash would be vacuum packed into suitcases with air freshners and coffee grounds to mask the smell from cash detection dogs. Items such as mouthwash and coat hangers would also be placed in the suitcases to help avoid detection if the suitcases were X-rayed. The couriers, which sometimes included Alfalasi himself, would fly business class for the extra luggage allowance and check in as late as possible to try and avoid the baggage being examined. The court heard couriers would be paid between £3,000 and £8,000 for each trip plus expenses. On arrival in Dubai they would declare the cash and present a letter from Alfalasi’s company Omnivest Gold Trading LLC, authorising the cash to be taken from London to Dubai on behalf of the company. Adrian Darbishire QC said Alfalasi did not know the details of where the cash originally came from and had been found by organised crime groups as “someone to stick his head above the parapet”. He said: “He recognised the money came from illicit sources but knows nothing about where it comes from. “He’s done something very bad and he’s done something very stupid. He’s the one who finds himself at court saddled with the importation of £100m.” Sentencing him, judge Simon Davis said: “There is no doubt that this was a considerable network under your charge not your sole charge. You were a principal and it is clear there were others involved.”