Stranger Things fans were treated to two feature-length episodes as the second part of season four arrived on Netflix. The TV series picks up with the gang coming up with a plan to take down Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) whilst Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) rediscovers her powers. Here's all you need to know about who died in volume two.  Stranger Things said goodbye to some major characters at the end of season four. The supernatural series continued to follow two separate storylines as El was at the lab trying to get her powers back. Meanwhile, Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) had been sent back to the real world to warn the gang of Vecna's power. Together, they came up with a plan to lure him to Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) and kill him once and for all. The first emotional death came at the lab, as the military managed to track down El and Papa's (Matthew Modine) hiding place. READ MORE: Joseph Quinn age: How old is Stranger Things’ Eddie Munson star? El found out Papa, or Doctor Brenner, had treated Henry Creel very badly as a child. While she once believed he was there to help her, she realised he was only invested in his own self-interests. Dr Brenner managed to get El out of the lab and away from Sullivan (Sherman Augustus) and his team. However, he was shot down by soldiers in a helicopter and died from his injuries. Just before his death, he managed to free El so she could leave with Mike (Finn Wolfhard). He asked El for her understanding, but she could not forgive him and left him to die. The other major death came towards the end of the season, as fans said goodbye to Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn). The once shy and insecure metalhead proved himself to be the ultimate hero as he lured the evil creatures away from the rest of the group in the Upside Down. While he could have escaped, he chose to stay behind and fend the creatures off for as long as possible. Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) went back after him but it was too late, and Eddie died in Dustin's arms. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things’ Max star ‘frustrated’ over Billy Hargrove scene [INTERVIEW] Raphael Luce age: How old is Stranger Things’ young Henry Creel star? [EXPLAINER] Jamie Campbell Bower wife: Is the Stranger Things Vecna star married? [INSIGHT] At the end of the final episode, back in Hawkins, Dustin came across Eddie's uncle at the volunteer centre. He gave Eddie's uncle his guitar pick, calling him a hero who sacrificed himself to save the town that hated him. Eddie became a fan-favourite after joining the cast at the start of season four. He was the Dungeon Master for The Hellfire Club and was loved by viewers for his quirky nature. Eddie ended up on the run from police after he was accused of killing Chrissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien). However, he realised he had more friends than he thought as Dustin and the gang were keen to prove his innocence. In return, he helped them take down Vecna and realised it was better to avoid running his whole life. As he died in Dustin's arms, he realised he had indeed become a hero after all. His death marked one of the most tear-jerking moments in the season.  Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now.