The boiled egg diet has risen in popularity over the years as people try to increase their intake of protein. But experts warn that over indulging on the tasty food topic could do more harm than good for those wanting to lose weight. There are many different versions of the boiled egg diet, with experts modifying it to create plans that not only ensure healthy weight loss but a regular supply of essential micronutrients, too. It is predominantly based on the elimination or regulation of carbs. It's no secret that eggs have a variety of benefits as they are a storehouse of nutrients. Protein repairs muscles, manages blood sugar levels, boosts metabolism and provides immunity and strength. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake But the idea of eating only eggs has come under scrutiny by some nutritionists, as excessive egg consumption can lead to other health issues and weight gain if a person consumes more of their maintenance calories. While eggs have been linked to weight loss due to their nutritional values, the yolk can trigger weight gain and elevated cholesterol levels. Studies have also found that eggs can heat the body from within, so it is recommended to limit consumption to one egg per day during the summer months. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Clinical nutritionist Rupali Datta, shared her opinion of the diet as a whole. "I would never recommend such a diet," she warned. "It is too much of cholesterol and fat on the body. "A maximum of two eggs a day would suffice for an average adult - one whole and one egg white - best consumed during breakfast." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim She suggested people who require more protein in their diets can easily meet the requirement through other food items like lean meats, rather than eating too many eggs. With the warnings of overeating aside, Ms Datta recommended consuming boiled eggs as they are "one of the best ways to consume eggs". This is because they are devoid of any excess oil or additional fat or calories. "Don't forget, you can always poach them or bake an omelet," she added. "These are all healthy." A study published in US National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health saw 30 women aged between 25 and 60 years who found they had a suppressed appetite after eating a boiled egg breakfast. Their energy intake following the egg breakfast remained lower for the entire day, including the next 36 hours.