Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were one of showbiz’s hottest couples until their split in 2016. As their custody battle rumbles on, Angelina admitted their divorce was “so horrific” and left her feeling “broken”. The former couple share Maddox, 20, Pax, 18, Zahara, 17, Knox and Vivienne, both 14, and Shiloh, 16. Shortly before filing for divorce, Angelina made allegations of domestic violence against Brad, claiming he was drunk and abusive towards Maddox, who was 15 at the time. Brad admitted shouting at one of his children as well as having a drinking problem and later attended Alcoholics Anonymous. But he has always strenuously denied being physically abusive to his children or Angelina. The FBI announced no charges would be brought against Brad, clearing him of any wrongdoing. Speaking about the messy split, Angelina said: “It has been so horrific that I almost have to see it as a godsend to be in a position to be able to fight this system. “It doesn’t start with the violation [the plane incident]. “It’s so much more complicated than that.” She added to The Guardian that she just wanted her family to “heal” and for them all, including Brad, to “move forward”. Brad stunned his fans last month when he looked dramatically different on the cover of British GQ. In his tell-all interview, he revealed he had struggled with loneliness and a broken heart. “I think all our hearts are broken,” he said. DON'T MISSComedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment[LATEST]Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova shares sweet snap with boyfriend Kai's move[PICTURES]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles[NEWS] “I always felt very alone in my life, alone growing up as a kid, alone even out here. “It’s really not till recently that I have had a greater embrace of my friends and family.” He added: “What’s that line, it was either Rilke or Einstein, believe it or not, but it was something about when you can walk with the paradox, when you carry real pain and real joy simultaneously, this is maturity, this is growth.” The actor explained he had 18 months attending regular Alcoholics Anonymous meetings while embracing core principles of the group he was involved in, which involved abstaining from most substances. Brad and Angelina met on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith in 2005, with Brad ending his marriage to Jennifer Aniston shortly thereafter. Angelina confirmed she was pregnant with the couple’s first child in 2006, daughter Shiloh. Twins Knox and Vivienne followed the next year. The pair married in a private ceremony at their jointly owned French chateau in 2014.