Tottenham have reignited contact and talks over a deal to sign Fiorentina centre-back Nikola Milenkovic, according to reports from Italy. The Serbian international defender is a player that has been of strong interest to Spurs over the past 18 months when he was previously identified as a transfer target last August. Tottenham were locked in battle with West Ham over a deal for the former Manchester United target before he would eventually opt to extend his contract with Fiorentina. But now just one season later, it appears he could be set to move onto pastures new as Fiorentina brace themselves for potential offers. According to Italian outlet La Nazione, Spurs made contact for the player just a few weeks ago as they continue their productive summer. There are three clubs said to be in the mix for Milenkovic's signature - Tottenham, Inter Milan and Juventus. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer His agent Fali Ramadani is reportedly due to meet with an unspecified club at the start of August to continue transfer discussions. When Milenkovic signed his new contract with La Viola, he is said to have secured a gentleman's agreement that would ensure he could leave the club if a suitable offer arrived. Now movement is potentially anticipated with Fabio Paratici believed to be a big fan of the Serb, as the race for his services begins to hot up. The developments come at an interesting time with Joe Rodon now expected to join Stade Rennes on an initial loan deal. READ MOREChelsea can strike even better deal after £55m Jules Kounde transfer frustrationJorge Mendes tinkers strategy as Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo offered surprise loan moveFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer He stayed behind as the Tottenham squad travelled to Tel Aviv, where they will face Roma in a pre-season friendly. Rodon is now expected to travel to France to undergo a medical with the French side, who will also have a £16m option to buy the Wales international. The move will open the door for more potential reinforcements at the heart of Tottenham's defence with Japhet Tanganga's future also unclear. AC Milan are pushing to sign the 23-year-old and talks are ongoing over a potential move to San Siro. Pau Torres, Marc Guehi and Illya Zabarnyi are also other defensive alternatives Tottenham admire and could potentially move for, should they decide to sign another centre-back. Inter Milan remain the frontrunners for Milenkovic having missed out on Gleison Bremer following his move to Juventus. The Nerazzurri are keen to sign the defensive stalwart, who despite signing a new deal last year, only has one year remaining on his deal. It could ultimately force Fiorentina to consider a sale before the risk of losing him on a free transfer escalates, once the summer transfer window closes.