Former Minister for Foreign Affairs of Australia Alexander Downer supported Rishi Sunak’s proposal to ban all 30 Chinese Confucius Institutes in the UK. Referring to the former Chancellor, he added “the man has intellectual breath and understanding of a whole range of issues which you need to be the Prime Minister”, and stressed Mr Sunak’s plan does not indicate that he has “taken a U-turn”, but rather it shows that “there has been a gradual evolution of the British government policy towards China”. Mr Downer told GB News: “I don’t think [Sunak has taken a U-turn]. “I think there has been a gradual evolution of the British government policy towards China, as it has been the case in Australia and in America as we found out more of what China has been doing. “Australia has deeply engaged with China. “But it is in recent times that China has turned hostile and become come aggressive. “That has led to substantial change in Australian policy and the same here in the UK. “Rishi Sunak has been the Chancellor go the Exchequer, not the Foreign Secretary or the Defence Secretary, and the carriage of those issues has naturally been with the minister who has had direct responsibility for them. “I think it’s interesting that Rishi Sunak should choose to make a public statement on his approach to China as Prime Minister. “That shows what I’ve said all along about Rishi Sunak. READ MORE: French excuses over Dover travel 'mess' dismantled  “The man has intellectual breadth and understanding of a whole range of issues which you need to be the Prime Minister. “You need a lot of things to be the Prime Minister, but if you’re to intellectually equipped to do it and you’re not intellectually adept and flexible, then you’re not going to be able to do the job well. “He has shown that he has those capacities.” He added: “What he’s done over the weekend is he’s recognised that China is the single greatest threat in the medium term to the UK. DON'T MISS: BBC TV licence fee defence sparks backlash as Brits demand change [WATCH]Sky nightmare after asylum expert unleashes foul-mouth rant [LISTEN]Oil price slump: Joy for UK motorists as oil falls to £78 a barrel [INSIGHT] “I don’t think there’s any doubt about that. “In the medium term, China is going to be much more of a threat. “It’s proved itself to be very aggressive, aggressive on Hong Kong, aggressive towards the Uighur people in the South China Sea, aggressive in terms of cyber attacks and attempts to penetrate the key institutions of the UK, as well as other countries such as Australia. “It makes sense for the British government to recognise that threat. “Rishi Sunak has come up over the weekend with some corrective proposals. “I think the most important of which is to protect critical national infrastructure, but secondly the banning of the Confucius Institutions in the 30 UK universities that have them as a recognition of the need that the universities need to be independent, not subject of funding from Beijing”. READ NEXT: Furious coffee shop owner slams Brexit halting EU staff flowMacron 'hurting businesses all over EU' just to spite BrexitBritish holidaymakers told to 'shun' France if they're not welcomeRussia turns to Africa amid concerns over Ukrainian grain exportsNational Grid takes emergency measures to boost EU gas supplies