As energy bills continue to soar, and with the price cap (maximum annual tariff) expected to hit £2,800 in October, households are scrambling to avert paying staggering costs. And with millions getting pushed into fuel poverty, new innovations could prove vital in helping billpayers to avoid forking out extra cash. According to a new study by global technology company OKdo, smart devices for temperature control, appliances and lighting could do just that. In fact, OKdo claims that these devices could slash a whole £460 every year. Several of these different appliances can play a role in doing so. For instance, smart thermostats can save you as much as £154 per year alone, according to theEcoexperts. Smart thermostats generally cost between £160 and £200 and work like a normal thermostat, except connect to wifi. Via this connection, you can tell the smart thermostat to change the temperature, which can be done instantly from wherever you are. This system reportedly gives you more control, as it also lets you schedule all your heating without moving around, an added plus for elderly or disabled people. Previous analysis has suggested these could slash between 14 percent and 31 percent off heating bills And, according to British Gas research, switching off so-called vampire devices could save an average of £147 per year. Based on research conducted on appliances in 2019, British Gas adapted the figures to account for changing prices, in which households would save around £55 per year by switching off all their devices when not in use. READ MORE: Elon Musk is still ‘missing’- fears soar as SpaceX CEO The Energy Saving Trust (EST) said: "Stats or prices related to individual appliances depend on several factors, including model, functionality and individual usage.” Brian Horn, senior insight and analytics consultant at the EST, said: "If something doesn't need to be on, then you should switch it off at the wall or unplug it. "Everything else, just try and make it as easy as possible to turn it off.” This can all be managed by smart plugs and appliance control systems which households can install. For instance, smart lighting is a bulb that you can control from an app on your phone, letting you change the brightness remotely. DON'T MISS Energy crisis: UK builds worlds longest cable to power 7 million homes [REVEAL] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] UK facing EXODUS after Sturgeon unveils new independence plan [REPORT] These are more energy efficient as they do not generate as much heat as traditional incandescent bulbs, therefore requiring less energy and in turn, can result in lower bills. In fact, 20,000 hours of lighting with traditional bulbs costs £25.80, compared to £5.40 with a smart bulb, analysis from Shell Energy revealed. Thomas Goodman, property expert at MyJobQuote, said: “As bills rise and green initiatives start to change the way we live, new homeowners are likely going to look to smart technologies to help improve efficiency and keep better control of heating systems. Smart controls such as thermostats, for example, will have wide appeal with different types of buyers, from the eco-conscious to the financially shrewd.” Nils Christensson, vice president of product and technology at OKdo, said: “I think the fundamental aspects that will drive the future of home tech will be safety, environmental cost and convenience. “For example, there is a clear need where cost and environmental advantages are linked to comfort, hence why many UK residents would like to see even more technological advancements in features that can make the home more energy-efficient or help heat the home in an easier way with minimal input from users.”