There's now a much cheaper way to bust the dust in your home with Shark offering one of its biggest ever discounts on its range of cordless vacuums. This popular Dyson rival has launched the sale as part of Prime Day and there's never been a better time to invest in one of these cleaners. Right now you can pick up a Shark Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner (which scores 4.5 out 5 on Amazon's ratings) for just £189.99 - that's a whopping 40 percent discount. Not got Prime? Amazon offers a free Prime trial that offers full access to the membership for 30-days. This grime-busting machine features a 40-minute battery life, different floor modes and anti-wrap technology that stops the cleaning head from getting all clogged up with fluff. You'll even get a Car Detailing Kit which will make your motor look as good as new. Like all Shark cleaners, there's a full 5-year guarantee for added peace of mind. YOU CAN SEE THE SHARK STICK DEAL HERE If you thought that was cheap then there's something even better in this sale event with Shark also offering its Lift-Away Upright Vacuum for just £159.99 - that's 50 percent off the usual price. This machine also scores highly with customers giving it a solid 4.5 out of 5 in the reviews. This machine is perfect for homes with pets as it features a unique tool to help get animal hair out of upholstery. This machine also gets the special car cleaning kit plus there are other features such as LED headlights plus carpet and hard floor modes. YOU CAN SEE THE LIFT AWAY DEAL HERE As you might be aware, to grab these huge discounts you'll need to be a Prime member which usually costs £7.99 per month. However, there is a simple way to sign up today and pay nothing for Prime with Amazon offering a 30-day free trial for all new customers. As long as you cancel the membership next month you'll get all the Prime Day deals without paying a penny extra. Of course, Amazon Prime Day is not just about Shark with Amazon also slashing prices across a swathe of products. From now until July 13 there are deals on devices including the Fire TV Stick for £12.99. There's also 50 percent off Samsung TVs and Android smartphones which start from under £70. We've rounded up some of the biggest discounts and you'll find all of the best Amazon Prime Day deals here.