  Rylan Clark has been forced to crack down on critics who say he is “horrible” to his mum Linda. The Celebrity Gogglebox star, 33, was having none of it, as he implored viewers to “get a sense of humour”.     Rylan tweeted out a response to his critics in view of his 1.7 million Twitter followers yesterday. “For anyone saying I'm horrible to mum please get a sense of humour, she got her sushi…” Rylan began. “Also built her a house, whatever she asks for, and a new hedge trimmer this week… She’s good. “Look after your mums, and also have a laugh with them x until next year x,” he signed off. (sic)     Rylan and his mum have been filming episodes of Celebrity Gogglebox since the first series in 2019. The show is a spin-off of Channel 4’s popular series Gogglebox, which sees regular families react to the latest shows to hit the small screen. While Rylan and Linda have become fan favourites on the show, the star has been forced to put up with some nasty criticism, and his fans took to the comments to back him up. Rachel Bayliss wrote: “I constantly took the mick out of my Mum in an affectionate way.    “But I supported and cared for her and she knew it and appreciated it. “Your bond is so typical and lovely to watch. You’re good to her and one day you’ll look back and be so comforted by that.” Lou Baker commented: “The relationship you and your mum have is amazing. You remind me of me and my mum, we were the same. “Unfortunately I lost her last year and when I see/ listen to you two, you always make me smile because we are the lucky ones to have a bond like that, not a lot of people do.” (sic)     Gillian Harring penned: “You are both hilarious together, it’s so obvious the love you both have for each other. “As you say they should get a sense of humour. It’s so better to laugh than to cry, well cry tears of laughter. I know I cry tears of laughter watching both of you.” Tracey Kyle gushed: “I love you and your mum’s relationship. Can totally see the love you have for each other. “What’s right for you and her isn’t right for other people but that should be respected! Always look after your mum.”      While Chris added: “The love you both have for each other is very clear - honestly, no idea where people get from. You both keep doing you - you’re both really decent humans.” Rylan began his career on The X Factor in 2012, before going on to win the 11th series of Celebrity Big Brother in 2013. A decade later, he has landed presenting gigs with some of television’s biggest shows, including Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two and This Morning. Celebrity Gogglebox continues on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.  