A Pisces Moon exudes all of the typical energies the emotional zodiac sign holds; sensitivity, compassion, generosity, and wisdom. However, the sign is known to be noncommittal and avoidant when confronted and paired with the Mercury, Sun and Neptune alignment, it equals a much more intense experience. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 17. Despite the challenges the aligning planets might pose today, Pisces Moon transits always make tapping into your intuition much easier - so try to pay attention to this. Cafe Astrology said: “Imagination and intuition run high, and we may easily sense the thoughts and feelings of others. “We express ourselves with subtle flair. These transits bring fluid, graceful themes to the day.” Support and lending a hand will come a little more naturally, as well as the ability to take a step out and see the wider picture.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host's stark heatwave warning 'Please, please take care'  Cafe Astrology said: “We see people and life itself from a different perspective – one that not only allows for but finds beauty in differences.” “It may be best to de-emphasise some of our material concerns or interests, at least temporarily.” This out-of-body, level-headedness will aid with pragmatic thinking and measured approaches. Cafe Astrology said: “We experience a sense of knowing and understanding with minimal explanation or instruction.  “While we may not be direct, we see the way around obstacles. It’s a good time to forgive and release.” Venus is due to move into the sign of homey Cancer later today, where it will remain in transit until August 11. Cafe Astrology: “Venus in Cancer is nurturing, cautious, fertile, protective, and self-protective.” Emotions will run higher during this transit as increased sensitivity and impressionability prevail.  DON'T MISS:Britons told 'DON'T TRAVEL' on Monday as 40C to lock down Britain [INSIGHT]Meals for hot weather: 5 things to eat during a heatwave [EXPLAINED]Expert shares 'worst thing you can do' during extreme heatwave [ANALYSIS]    Cafe Astrology said: “We show our love through devotion, care, and concern, and we’re at our best when we feel safe and secure.” A stricter focus on home life and improvements might be more prominent during this transit, as well as “nesting, home business, domestic and family activities, comfort, security, and long-term purchases”. As the day progresses, we’ll be heading toward an opposition of Mercury and Pluto where attention might divert to fears and suspicions.  Keep this in mind before acting on emotion during this period, as things might not be what they seem and you don’t want to start the week with any regrets. Astrology King advises using the Sun’s trine with Neptune at 11.55pm to manifest any goals for the week, month or year. 