Kaye, who is 60 in December, hates her age so much she hasn’t had a proper birthday celebration since she turned 30. She admits: “It’s pathetic, but I lopped off 10 years and merrily lied away, including a fake date of birth, which I had off pat." “I’m generally an honest person, but I’ve always been a good liar and parents lie all the time to little children.” Kaye, who was 40 when her daughter was born, added: “By the time she got to around 12 I was beginning to feel uncomfortable. So, I broke the truth to her." “I thought she’d think it was funny, but she was genuinely disappointed in me.” Kaye, who is one of the original presenters of the ITV lunchtime chat show, has even tried to hide her age from her Loose Women colleagues. She says: “Nadia [Sawalha] stole my driving licence at one point. I was thinking: ‘I’ve got to be a good sport about this,’ but I struggled to smile.” Kaye, who lives in Glasgow with partner Ian Campbell and their daughters Charly, now 19, and Bonnie, 16, recently launched a podcast How To Be 60 to confront her issue. She said: “I know I’m very weird about my age and I wondered if other people were weird about it too, or whether it was just me.” Kaye, who is one of the original presenters of the ITV lunchtime chat show, has even tried to hide her age from her Loose Women colleagues. She says: “Nadia [Sawalha] stole my driving licence at one point. I was thinking: ‘I’ve got to be a good sport about this,’ but I struggled to smile.” Kaye, who lives in Glasgow with partner Ian Campbell and their daughters Charly, now 19, and Bonnie, 16, recently launched a podcast How To Be 60 to confront her issue. She said: “I know I’m very weird about my age and I wondered if other people were weird about it too, or whether it was just me.” She believes she inherited her age phobia from her mother. Kaye said: “She got stopped by the police for speeding once. My brother and I were quite little and we were in the back of the car. We all got taken to the station because she wouldn’t tell the police officer her date of birth." “My dad had to come and get us out by quietly revealing her age to the desk sergeant.” And Kaye hasn’t ruled out appearing in reality TV shows. She said: “I’m quite tempted by I’m a Celebrity… But no way would I do Celebrity SAS. They asked me, but you’ve got to be realistic. I don’t want a broken hip... at my age!”