Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool have all learned something terrible that could spoil their efforts to sign Aston Villa ace Carney Chukwuemeka. The youngster has told his club he will not sign a new contract. Aston Villa look set to lose one of their top talents this summer or risk missing out on millions after Chukwuemeka told them he would not sign a new contract. The 18-year-old's current deal expires next year and it means Steven Gerrard will likely sell up this summer while there is huge interest in his services. Arsenal, United and Liverpool are all keen on the midfielder, while abroad Barcelona and Borussia Dortmund have a keen eye. But the foreign sides might have a huge advantage when it comes to prising Chukwuemeka away from Villa Park this year - something that is out of the domestic club's hands. According to the Telegraph, the teenager can move abroad for compensation of around £300,000 to £400,000. That would be significantly less than what an English team would pay. It means that more money can be used during talks over personal terms with Chukwuemeka, while a move to a foreign club certainly appeals. Barcelona have long been interested in the Englishman and have already been rejected by Villa. The Birmingham-based club have rated their hot prospect at £20million but no one has gone that far yet. Instead, the hunting pack are ready to wait until January to pounce when foreign teams have the chance to speak to him on a pre-contract agreement and join as a free agent. Dortmund have a strong interest in Chukwuemeka as well and have a decent track record when it comes to developing youngsters, particularly English ones in recent years. Jadon Sancho was a massive hit at the club while Jude Bellingham is their latest project. DON'T MISSArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaPSG star Presnel Kimbembe's stance on joining Chelsea as two bids madeTen Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd players as dressing room approach emerges Jamie Bynoe-Gittens is also starting to make a name for himself at the Signal Iduna Park having signed for them from Manchester City in 2020 as a 15-year-old. However, Barcelona are no stranger to the English market when it comes to developing players. In fact Villa have been the benefactors, signing the highly-rated Louie Barry from them back in 2020 while he has been sent out on loan to MK Dons this year having spent part of the seaosn at Swindon last campaign.