Royal biographer Tom Bower claimed the Queen "agreed to ditch centuries of tradition to please Harry" and "fast-tracked" Meghan into the Royal Family ahead of their wedding. She moved to London in November 2017 amid her and Prince Harry's engagement announcement. Mr Bower said the Queen asked experienced royal aide Samantha Cohen, dubbed Samantha the Panther, to stay on after she planned to quit Buckingham Palace in 2018 to help Meghan navigate royal life as interim private secretary. The biographer said there would be "six months of listening and learning" and that the Queen's close companions would also visit Meghan at Nottingham Cottage in the grounds of Kensington Palace where she lived with Harry. Writing in his new book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, Mr Bower said: "The mother of three agreed, as private secretary, to help Meghan through the wedding and beyond. "Under Cohen, a team of 14 young, intelligent and experienced officials, including Jason Knauf, was assembled to introduce Meghan sensitively to the quirks and expectations of royal life and service to the nation. "There would be, said the Palace, six months of listening and learning: 'She is going to proceed with humility.' "Among the additional staff was Lieutenant Colonel Nana Kofi Twumasi-Ankrah of the Household and Lady Susan Hussey, a lady-in-waiting to the Queen since 1960. "Hussey and other close companions of the Queen visited Meghan in Nottingham Cottage to offer help and advice." Mr Bower claimed courtiers expected the former Suits actress to "join their society with unquestioned loyalty to the Crown".  However, Meghan was "insistent that she would not allow Buckingham Palace to shape her", according to the biographer. In the Sussexes' Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021, Meghan said she had no help with the royal transition. She said: "Unlike what you see in the movies, there’s no class on how to speak, how to cross your legs, how to be royal. "There was none of that training that might exist for other members of the family. That was not something that was offered to me." The US talk show asked: "Nobody prepares you?" Meghan added: "I’m sorry, but even down to, like, the National Anthem. No one thought to say, 'Oh, you’re American. You’re not gonna know that'. That’s me, late at night, googling, I don’t want to embarrass them. "I need to learn these 30 hymns for church. All of this is televised. "We were doing the training behind the scenes because I just wanted to make them proud." Meghan and Harry quit as working royals in March 2020 less than two years after their royal wedding in May 2018. The Sussexes are now pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom in the US. 