Andy Murray has apologised to tennis fans for the standard of tennis during his match against Sam Querrey in the first round of the Hall of Fame Open in Newport, Rhode Island, on Tuesday. The Briton defeated his American counterpart in straight sets as he returned to the court for the first time since being knocked out of Wimbledon by John Isner in the second round. Murray was in imperious form in north America as he took less than an hour to dispatch Querrey 6-2, 6-0. But the 35-year-old, who last played in the tournament back in 2006 as a 19-year-old, admitted the conditions on court had an impact on the players. “It’s amazing to be back here playing on this court again after I think 16 years,” he said in his post-match interview. “A lot has happened in that time - four kids, married and all that stuff. “It was really awful conditions to play tennis in, to play well. So breezy and really difficult so I’m sorry that maybe the tennis wasn’t that much fun to watch but we’re doing the best we can given the conditions.” JUST IN: Becker protested against as prisoners' families moan about privilege  Following the final grass court tournament of the year in Newport, Murray will turn his attentions to the upcoming hard court season and the US Open, which is scheduled to get underway at the end of next month. And the ace has revealed he is desperate to be seeded for the tournament to maximise his chances of success. “It’s a big goal of mine these next few weeks,” he added. “I’ve been playing better the last few months but, if you want to have deep runs in the biggest tournaments, it does help to have a seeding. So I’ll try my best to do that and obviously one match closer today and hoping to have a good run here.” DON'T MISS:Roger Federer sets tennis fans on edge with 'time will tell comment'Wimbledon consider Russian ban in 2023 as LTA prepare legal showdownEmma Raducanu continues record-breaking run despite Wimbledon loss   Murray was once one of the best tennis players in the world and won his first Grand Slam in 2012 when he lifted the US Open trophy. The ace then went on to win Wimbledon in 2013 and 2016 and also won men’s singles gold medals at the 2012 and 2016 Olympic Games. But he has been struck down by injuries over the last half a decade and has only been able to appear in eight of the last 19 Grand Slam tournaments. Murray has shown that he still has what it takes to win matches on the tour, however. And he will now be hoping to enjoy a strong run of form ahead of his appearance at Flushing Meadows later this summer. 