Anthony Joshua’s training partner Frazer Clarke has revealed that the Brit intends to ‘outhustle’ Oleksandr Usyk with educated pressure. Clarke is currently helping ‘AJ’ with preparations in Loughborough for his rematch next month and ‘has not missed a session’. According to ‘The Eraser’, the focus of the camp has been on mixing aggression with composure. ‘AJ’ was criticised for not using his size and strength more in the first fight back in September as he dropped his WBA (super), WBO, and IBF heavyweight titles to the Ukrainian at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Now, the Watford powerhouse is expected to change his approach for the August 20 date and build upon the blueprint laid out by Derek Chisora for success against ‘The Cat’. "All focus has been on Usyk, and on outhustling him with educated pressure. Although this is an awkward fight against a very skilled heavyweight, just like Tyson Fury is, AJ has his mind on the game for this," Clarke told The Telegraph. "Listen, the words Tyson Fury haven't even been muttered in our gym because we know that the job at hand is a difficult one. There’s no two ways about it, Usyk is one of the more skillful heavyweight champions we've had in recent years. On a skill level, Usyk and Fury are at the top of the tree, even if you go back in history. Just going in there and mauling him like people are suggesting, it’s never going to happen. Nor will trying to outbox him. "AJ will definitely take a more positive approach from him, and we know Usyk can be outhustled. We saw that in his fights against Derek Chisora, and his first heavyweight opponent, Chaz Witherspoon. Let's be honest, this isn't an amateur fight, this is professional fighting, this is street fighting with a referee and gloves and rules so you've got to do whatever you can to unsettle this man and use all your attributes." MORE BOXING NEWS... Floyd Mayweather conqueror training Rahman Jr for Paul fight Anthony Joshua told to 'sort his head out' as major decision slammed Julius Francis laughs at Tyson Fury comment as he discusses viral KO Usyk has typically been given his toughest fights by boxers that adopt a highly-aggressive and physical approach. Chisora was able to cause Usyk problems early on in their contest back in 2020 by applying constant pressure and attempting to out-muscle his foe. Joshua will look to fight a similar fight to ‘Del Boy’ but with more awareness of what is coming back at him.