Earlier this month, Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate hit a 40-year high of 9.2 percent, further exacerbating the existing cost of living crisis. Energy bills are already forecast to hit £3,000 by January 2023 with inflation in the UK showing no signs of slowing down yet. With inflation continuing to soar, financial experts are warning that a recession is becoming increasingly likely which would wreak further havoc on the livelihoods of people across the country. In preparation for this economic downturn, Britons are looking for the best ways to save and protect themselves financially from the damage caused by a recession. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Julian House, the managing director of My Favourite Voucher Codes outlined how a recession will be different to the continuous inflation hikes people are experiencing. Mr House explained: “The existing inflation rate already presents a variety of challenges to day-to-day living, such as groceries and petrol being more expensive. “However, a recession will be even worse from a personal standpoint. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands “When a country’s economy falls into a recession, companies will make fewer sales and people will lose their jobs. In more extreme cases, companies can be forced into bankruptcy. “If you’ve invested in assets like bonds, real estate and stocks, their value is very likely to depreciate and your savings will be reduced. “A recession can have a very serious impact on people’s savings, even disrupting retirement plans.” The financial expert specifically noted the knock-on effect a recession will have on people’s mortgage payments as banks and building societies will be forced to a “harder stance”. He added: “As it becomes harder and harder to stay on top of living costs, such as car loans and mortgages, during a recession, lenders have historically taken a harder stance and tighten standards. “As such, climbing onto the property ladder as a first-time buyer might be more difficult during a recession – if you’re even in a position to do so.” In light of the predicted economic upheaval, Mr House cited the importance of savers “diversifying” their portfolio to weather the coming storm. “With a recession looming, it’s better to start planning for how you’re going to save now,” Mr House said. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? “First, I would advise setting up an emergency fund. Recession or not, an emergency fund is more than worthwhile. “But the looming threat of a recession and people being out of work makes it even more important. “Keep approximately three to six months of expenses in an easy-access cash account and only access it if you have a sudden financial crisis, such as losing your job. “I would also recommend diversifying your portfolio if you haven’t already. “Rather than keeping all your eggs in one basket, spread them across bonds, cash, non-fungible token (NFTs), real estate, stocks and any other investments which work for you and your portfolio. “The purpose of diversifying this way is simply to protect your investments and savings in the long run. “The way this works is by spreading your investments across several projects, if one completely tanks, you haven’t instantaneously lost your entire savings.”