The star had only just finished filming the first season of Game of Thrones when she was struck with the first of two aneurysms. The condition, that causes blood flow to the brain to cease, can inflict long-lasting damage to the organ. Emilia revealed that a substantial portion of her brain is missing, since the events. Emilia said: “I had a couple of brain haemorrhages. You gain a lot of perspectives and it puts your head in a different place when dealing with the juggernaut of being in a successful show. When asked about her stroke symptoms, which she suffered in 2011 and 2013, Emilia responded: “It was just the most excruciating pain. “Huge vomiting, trying to regain consciousness […]. I kept trying to say ask myself all these questions. I hilarious keep saying lines from the show in my head.” The actress was only in her early 20s when she was struck by a hemorrhagic stroke, where a vessel ruptures, letting blood seep into the brain. READ MORE: How to sleep: The winter warmer to beat the heatwave “The amount of brain my brain that is no longer usable, it’s remarkable that I am able to speak, sometimes articulately, and live my life normally without no repercussions," noted the star. “I was part of a really really small minority of people who can survive that.” Stroke - also known as brain aneurysms - is one of few conditions that cause brain cell loss, alongside dementia and stroke. An aneurysm generally triggers a cascade of symptoms, including visual disturbances, such as vision loss or double vision, pain above and around the eye, numbness and weakness on one side of the face and difficulty speaking. Headaches, loss of balance, and difficulty concentrations are over common warning signs, according to the NHS. In fact, after an event, the brain will generally continue to shrink for many years, at a rate that is higher than in the normal ageing brain. Emilia, now 35 years old, said the injury had no lasting effects on her memory, but she did suffer memory lapses during the event itself. Problems with memory and thinking tend to occur in the moments following the brain injury, which in the actor’s case, left her unable to remember her name. She continued: “This is who you are. This is the brain you have, so there’s no point in kind of continually racking your brains as to what might not be there. Because what you have now is great.” In a previous interview, Emilia explained she had lived with an aneurysm in her skull for two years before sustaining a bleed. READ MORE: Stroke: The sign in the eye 'tightly connected' to stroke risk The potentially fatal brain haemorrhage left her in need of major surgery. Since recovering from her latest stroke, the star has tried to break the silence over the invisible condition, campaigning for better support. In March 2019, the actor launched SameYou, which aims to transform recovery for young adults following treatment for brain injury. Despite making a full recovery herself, Emilia previously described the rehabilitation from stroke as being arduous and long. The NHS says: “Although some people may recover quickly, many people who have a stroke need long-term support to help them regain as much independence as possible. “This rehabilitation depends on the symptoms and their severity. “It often starts in hospitals and continues at home or at a local clinic in your community.” Despite the diffusion of stroke treatments, the condition remains the second leading cause of death and the third leading cause of disability around the world.