Alice Evans has claimed her ex-husband Ioan Gruffudd is “lying” after filing for joint custody of their children Elsie, eight, and Ella, 12. Alice, 53, has accused Ioan, 48, of refusing two of their daughter’s attempts to meet up. According to Alice, one of their daughters asked to see Ioan on a trip to Universal Studios, but he refused on the basis that his girlfriend, 29-year-old Biana Wallace, wouldn’t be able to. She suffers from MS, and he is said to have insisted she stays out of crowded places after beginning a new medication. Alice also claimed Ioan refused to take one of the girls to a concert when she asked. In a new court filing, Ioan has petitioned for their daughters to attend in-person therapy and reunification therapy with him, pending court-ordered mediation about a custody agreement. He claimed his ex-wife had "inflicted serious emotional harm on Ella and Elsie by her statements and by interfering in my relationship with them. "In a FaceTime I had with the girls on March 3, Ella said Alice falsely told her that I wanted Alice to commit suicide, and that Ella probably would not have a mummy anymore,” he wrote. "Ella told me, 'Daddy, this is making me very sad,' and, 'if I don't agree with her, apparently I am a bad daughter'. "To this day, Alice continues to post false and misleading statements about me on social media. Alice has stated repeatedly that I want nothing to do with the girls, I refused to see them and I abandoned them. "Alice posted she fears she and the children would starve and become homeless because I refuse to contribute to their financial support. "None of this is true and I fear that Alice's false social media narrative is constantly being seen by the girls, and repeated to them by Alice." Sobbing, Alice filmed the court documents in a video on her Instagram account. "I've just started to read this declaration from Ioan. It is utterly disgusting and absolutely packed with lies, saying that he was the major caregiver and that I would get up at 11am and drink," she said. "That's just not true, just absolutely not true. I've looked after these girls every day of their lives since they were born. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [TWITTER]Dolly Parton's 'emotional affair' left her considering suicide [ADMISSION]Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck tied the knot in Las Vegas [LATEST] “I think I've been away like nine nights. He's refused to contact them for the last week. He met somebody else and he left us, that's the truth. “I just have to go on here and say that you can't say these things about people. I know so much about him and I would not say this." Captioning the post, she added: “By the way, I have been 50-80% bedbound with fibro for the past 13 years. "He would say to me over and over when I told him I was sorry I couldn’t come to an event ‘I didn’t sign up for this! I didn’t sign up for life with a chronically sick person!’" Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Ioan for comment. The actor filed for a restraining order against Alice back in February, after their marriage ended in September 2021 after 13 years. Alice had said she refuses to agree to a no-contact order. She made a tearful appearance on Lorraine earlier this year, telling the host that her former husband had told her he “didn’t love her any more”. She called Bianca a “psychopath” and “vixen”, adding that she believes the actress will leave him one day.