Prince Harry's memoir was announced last July and was originally set for release in "late 2022". The release date is now set to be pushed back, with the main reason currently unknown. Speaking on Channel 5's Jeremy Vine, royal expert and author Angela Levin, who has wrote a number of books on the Duke of Sussex, discussed the upcoming memoir and suggested that the 37-year-old is "obviously had some doubts" about the release due to the need for his royal link. After being asked whether it's right if Prince Harry did "scrap" the book, Ms Levin said: "Well, we don't know what's in it so I don't think we can say whether it's right or not. "He's obviously had some doubts because it would be on the publishers list and out in the month or so." She added: "It's obviously been very well written because he had somebody to write it who's won awards so." Presenter Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije responded to Ms Levin's claims by stating that we don't know "whether the reason is because he does have doubts". Ms Levin said: "That's what I'm saying, if you exclude those two things, and it wasn't written by somebody who's no good and the publishers changed their mind, they're about to pay an awful lot of money for it. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Can’t get on with own family!' Meghan and Harry row over announcement "I think people have mentioned 13 or 14 million pounds." The royal expert continued: "It's [the memoir] has got to be very powerful and presumably they want really, sort of, aggressive comments in it." She went on to state that she thinks that Harry is having "a second thought" because he needs to be connected to the Royal Family "more strongly than he is at the moment". She continued that this is because "the publicity and popularity of the couple [Harry and Meghan] in America, not the UK, in America is plummeting because they're also angry about Meghan talking about American politics when she calls herself the Duchess of Sussex". Ms Levin stated that Americans aren't happy with someone who holds an "English title" telling them what to do. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'opens up to Oprah' about 'how Prince Harry is coping' with new life In a statement released on their website in July 2021, Penguin Random House said they were "honored" to announce that they were set to publish the forecoming "intimate and heartfelt" memoir by Prince Harry. In Harry's statement, he claimed that he was writing the memoir "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". In the statement, Harry wrote: I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned." DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL]  In January 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan announced they were stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family. Their last official royal engagement took place in March 2020, just before the Covid pandemic began. Last month, the couple, and their two young children, returned to the UK to join in celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Their visit was short and the family flew home to the UK before celebrations officially concluded. READ NEXT: