A manhunt was launched for Daniel Boulton after the bodies of 26-year-old Bethany Vincent and her nine-year-old son Darren Henson were discovered at their home in Louth, Lincolnshire, in June last year. Boulton had escaped from the scene following the murders and was on the run in nearby Hubbards Hills.   Boulton attempted to attack a woman and steal a car from another, but was eventually apprehended by armed police and arrested at High Holme Farm, reports Hull Live. He has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 40 years. However, his capture would not have been possible without the brave efforts of off-duty officer Steve Denniss. PC Denniss recalled the moments leading up to Boulton's arrest and how nothing was going to stop him from seeing the killer brought to justice. He explained: "I was out walking my dogs near to the park when I saw a hooded figure staring at a woman who I immediately recognised as Boulton. "I thought he was going to attack her so I had no option, but to try and arrest him. I identified myself and tackled him to a nearby bench. "He began throwing his fists at me and kicking before running away, to which I gave chase." Whilst pursuing Boulton, Steve rang through to a colleague to ask for firearms officers to come to the park in an attempt to stop him from escaping. Steve said: "At one point, a member of the public tried to approach him, but when they realised he had a knife they backed off. "He then started coming towards me, trying to get my phone off me." As he tried to take the officer's phone, Boulton ended up stabbing him in the top of his leg, which led Steve to hit the murderer before he ran off again. Following him across rivers and bridges, Steve found him trying to steal a woman's car before he ran off once more. Steve remained in the park to ensure the safety of the public and only a short time later, Boulton had been apprehended. Speaking about why he acted so bravely, he said: "It's all about the victims. "That's why we do what we do, to stop anything like this from happening again. It'll live long in my memory and certainly in the memory of Louth. Something as horrific as this isn't just forgotten." He added: "I didn't even think about what I was doing, it was like I was on auto pilot. I was determined to stop him, I knew he was dangerous and that's what I'd signed up to do. I had to do it for poor Bethany and DJ. "Even when he had the knife, I wasn't thinking of myself. I knew he wanted the phone, but I wasn't going to let that happen come hell or high water. "I dealt with many dangerous incidents, but this ranks highly. I could see the evil in his eyes, he was going to do anything to escape justice. "At the time though, I just knew he was an offender of a heinous crime and that he needed bringing to justice. People were in danger and I wasn't going to let him hurt them." Remarkably, Steve went back to work the next day, not wanting to let the public down. Thanks to his head strong thinking and his heroics, Steve was awarded a national bravery award by the police. Over a year on from the horrific murders, Steve still walks his dogs on the same path he met Boulton on that day, but says he's tried to carry on with his life as best he can. He said: "I walk the dogs there all the time still. "All of what's happened, including the award, will be something I never forget, but I don't let what happened weigh heavy on my mind. "I sometimes think about what happened, but I've just carried on with my life, I still want to enjoy myself regardless." Speaking about the award, Steve said it's not about one person, but about the team effort up and down the country that has helped take so many criminals off our streets. He explained: "I was humbled by the award, but it never crossed my mind that I'd get it - everyone there deserved the award in my opinion. "It's not about me though, it's about the policing of 1000s of other officers who have done similar things. This award is for us all, not just me who happened to be stood on a stage. "I don't want the team involved that day to be forgotten because of me either. We all did our bit to make sure Boulton was arrested that day." Daniel Boulton was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 40 years at Lincoln Crown Court in February 2022. He will be considered for parole when he has served 40 years, but the judge warned him that he "may never be released."