Inflation was recorded at 9.1 percent by figures published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) last week. Prices continue to creep up, putting a strain on the pockets of millions right across the country. However, it is not the end of potential financial woes, as inflation does not appear to be reducing any time soon. Consequently, it may be necessary for Britons to take steps to evaluate their finances now to avoid money worries later down the line. Myron Jobson, Senior Personal Finance Analyst at interactive investor, offered insight into the current landscape. He said: “UK household incomes are in the longest ever run of declines thanks to runaway inflation. READ MORE: ‘Little-known’ pension tax rule could see you save on 25% tax charge “The harsh reality is the worst is yet to come for consumers.” Figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) appeared to paint a bleak picture for Britons going forward. Inflation was found to have outpaced growth in earnings again in quarter one of this year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter it has done so, illustrating a continual swell in prices. DON'T MISSPensioner ‘millionaires’ rise to 3 million - triple lock questioned [ANALYSIS]TV licence fee plans could see property-rich pensioners 'pay more' [EXCLUSIVE]DWP update as £326 cost of living payment date confirmed [INSIGHT] It means UK households have endured the longest fall in real income on record. Mr Jobson continued: “Since then, the cost of living crisis has gone from bad to worse for consumers. “The price of seemingly everything is one the up, from groceries to how much we pay for fuel and energy. “Runaway inflation is forcing many Britons to make serious lifestyle changes to maintain financial buoyancy. “The sacrifices needed are often starker for low-income households. “We have seen troubling reports of people skipping meals to weather rising prices.” The expert has warned there is set to be an “agonising Autumn” for many Britons due to spiralling costs and other financial challenges. With real household income levels falling, individuals are less protected against wider circumstances out of their control. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This includes the energy price cap which is set to rise again in October. Experts predict this will add £800 onto the typical annual household energy bill. Elsewhere, with inflation set to rocket to 11 percent, Britons will be dealing with higher prices for essentials, and may have to make additional cutbacks. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, also issued a stark warning relating to inflation. She said: “Over the coming months, we can expect to see more weakness spread throughout the sector. “It’s not just the rising bills of today that are worrying us, it’s the prospect of even higher bills tomorrow, and fears of a looming recession. This might cause our finances to unravel entirely.”