BBC weather forecaster Matt Taylor said the UK is expected to enjoy a “pretty warm” and “pleasant summer’s day” on Friday. He said “sunny spells will take us through the day” with temperatures set to reach 28C degrees. In Birmingham, where the 2022 Commonwealth Games are held, temperatures will “peak around 24C to 26C degrees”, resulting in an overall “quite warm day”. Some “patchy rain” will develop around Scotland, Northern Ireland, and northern England as we head into Saturday, but overall it will feel “pretty warm”, particularly in southern parts of the country where “more sunshine” is set to develop through the day. Mr Taylor forecasted: “We will see some sunny spells to take us through the day, and a pretty warm day as well. “25C to 28C degrees expected for today. “Once the sun is out, it will be a pleasant summer’s day.” He added: “Around Birmingham temperatures peaking around 24C to 26C degrees through the afternoon. “Rain is to the north of the city and it will brighten up quite nicely with quite a warm day. “The rain will only affect parts of north Wales, the far north Midlands, and far southeast of Scotland. “Bit of a breeze developing across parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland later. “This evening rain in Northern Ireland, which tonight will spread across much of Scotland.” READ MORE: Product shortage fears as UK's largest container port As we head into this evening and overnight, he added: “It will stay dry and it’s going to be quite a mild and muggy night. “Temperatures no lower than 14C and 15C degrees for many. “That warm air has been tied in amongst these weather front here to take us into Saturday.” Referring to Saturday’s forecast, he said: “The weather fronts of the charts indicate there will be plenty of clouds around to begin the day. DON'T MISS: What age can a child be left home alone? [WATCH]Huge rift erupts inside EU as Nigel Farage exposes crisis [LISTEN]Boris humiliates France and Germany in hilarious Commonwealth speech [INSIGHT] “A few brighter swells developing around the northeast of Scotland. “Some patchy rain or drizzle around Scotland, Northern Ireland also in northern England, which will come and go as it will in northwest Wales. “Further south we will see more sunshine develop through the day. It will feel pretty warm and quite a humid day across the country. “Temperatures widely into the mid-20s. Slightly cooler air in western Scotland and Northern Ireland, but not desperately cooler at all.” Moving into Sunday, he forecasted: “That weather front links back into another system which on Sunday is likely to bring rain across England and Wales. “Not looking too bad over Scotland and Northern Ireland on Sunday. “Some good sunny spells, temperatures down a little bit it’s still going to be pretty warm. Temperature in the mid to high 20s”. READ NEXT: Starmer reveals why he sacked Tarry -and it was NOT for joining strike'Brexit is a thousand times better!' Italians rage against EU's demandPutin humiliated as Russian soldier tells of 'defeated' crewBiden faces nightmare as US on brink of RECESSION Putin's defence chief outlines Russia REAL war aims