The fifth season of Yellowstone is just a few months away, and viewers are still trying to predict what’s next for Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) now her adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) is entirely under her thumb. Despite their feud remaining alive and well at the end of the Paramount Network drama’s latest season, the actress has hinted at a very different dynamic when the Duttons return. Beth and Jamie could enter a reluctant truce when the Duttons’ next war begins in Yellowstone season five. After determining Jamie’s biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) was behind the devastating attack on her family, Beth convinced her brother he needed to be taken out. Jamie eventually gathered the strength to commit the deed himself, only for Beth to reveal she had filmed the whole thing. Now Beth has undeniable footage of Jamie murdering a man in cold blood, he’ll be completely under her control when the neo-Western series makes its dramatic return to screens. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist However, central cast member Kelly has revealed the siblings’ relationship could be in a rather different place to what fans expect in Yellowstone’s fifth season. “There’s a bit of the early dynamic coming back into the show, of them having to work together,” she revealed. “[Beth and John] are using Jamie to put things through that they wouldn’t be able to do. “They need him working for the family. It’s like working for the mob.” Beth has held a grudge against her brother ever since discovering he was directly responsible for her infertility when they were teenagers. When a younger Beth became pregnant, Jamie took her to a Native American reserve for an abortion, and didn’t reveal to her sister the traditional procedure would render her unable to have any more children. Despite Beth’s hatred of him, Jamie has remained a firm member of the Dutton family until discovering his adoption had been kept a secret from him in season three. His temporary alliance with Garrett only managed to fuel Beth’s rage even further, though his usefulness for the family looks like it will keep him alive for the time being. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Why Kim lied about Lalo exposed [INTERVIEW]Law and Order SVU villain speaks out on shock return [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY] With a battle against Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) and Market Equities on the horizon, the family will have to stick together to ensure their land and their way of life remains protected. Moreover, their father John Dutton (Kevin Costner) will have a heated race to become Governor of Montana in Yellowstone’s upcoming season. If John’s bid for more political power is successful, Beth may have to reluctantly agree to use Jamie’s skills as an attorney to ensure the Duttons keep their sway over the divided state. Plus, there’s also the matter of Beth’s scheme to incarcerate John’s progressive new girlfriend Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo) to reverse if his relationship with his daughter is to remain intact. If Beth is to keep her father happy, she may have to enlist Jamie’s expertise to soften her sentence or, preferably, keep her from behind bars altogether. Even so, Kelly hinted to TV Insider: “Beth is going into this feeling pretty good about everything. She’s confident that things are going to be looked after better.” Whatever the case, Yellowstone season five will have even more twists and turns to keep fans on the edge of their seats as they’ll be treated to an extended, 14-episode instalment over the next year. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+.