The leadership contest to find Boris Johnson’s successor was launched after his resignation last week, and several candidates have already put themselves forward. So far, 11 MPs have nominated themselves to replace Mr Johnson, with a timeline for the race expected to be set out by the end of Monday. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss recently added her name and pleaded to start cutting taxes “from day one”. READ MORE: Tory leadership bloodbath IMMINENT: Swathes to be wiped out in 48hrs as Boris GONE in days Former Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch is also in the running and looking to “focus on the essentials” and stop the Government from being “a piggy bank for pressure groups”. Attorney General Suella Braverman is known for being a Brexit supporter and promises to destroy a “rights culture” that has “spun out of control”. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak has long been seen as Mr Johnson’s most likely successor and declared he was standing just three days after resigning. Former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has also put himself forward after losing out to Mr Johnon the last time around. Meanwhile, Former Chancellor and Health Secretary Sajid Javid has pitched himself as a low-tax, low-spend Tory. Minister of State for Trade and Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt has been described as the “dark horse” and launched her campaign over the weekend with a patriotic video. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has ambitious plans to make the UK the biggest European economy by 2050. Nadhim Zahawi, Chancellor and Former Education Secretary, told Mr Johnson to resign shortly after gaining his new position and promised to “steady the ship and to stabilise the economy” through Brexit opportunities. DON'T MISS: Tory leadership LIVE: 'Gloves off!' Rival teams create 'dirty dossiers' to scupper enemies [LATEST]'Vicious' Tory civil war could have disastrous election consequences after brutal attacks [UPDATE]The three Tory Party candidates who will anger Von der Leyen and EU the most [INSIGHT] In addition, Tom Tugendhat wants to offer the UK a “clean start” and pitches himself as the cost-of-living-crisis candidate. Newly-appointed Foreign Office Minister Rehman Chishti also nominated himself, declaring Britain needed “a fresh start” on Twitter. The 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs are due to meet on Monday, July 11, to decide upon a timetable and the rules for the leadership contest. The two-stage voting process will reduce the number of candidates to two before the Tory party decides the winner. So what do YOU think? Who should be the next Prime Minister? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.