Amanda Foxman, from Watford, Hertfordshire, visited Heaton Park in Manchester with her husband and two children at the beginning of June. She parked her vehicle in the Garden Centre car park and realised she had been hit with a Penalty Charge Notice worth £50. The parking fine was from Manchester Council and was given because she had parked beyond the bay markings. Amanda, who works for a management consultancy, said she had no idea she had used a prohibited parking space on June 3. She added that she thought they had parked in a standard bay spot and paid for the parking costs with the app. When parking, she said the only thing she hadn’t realised at the time was that the bay didn’t have a white T marking on the floor, like the other bays. READ MORE: Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road The driver maintains that she wasn’t obstructing anyone and wasn’t causing any issues. The mum-of-two continued, saying: “It was a really nice day but coming back to a parking fine wasn’t really part of the plan. “There was nothing to say there was no parking.” Amanda said she has since written to the council over the parking fine to explain the situation but the local authority has said it could not cancel the PCN. DON'T MISSElectric car charger installation may end up in 'potential disaster' [WARNING]'Reduces fuel you use': Drivers should drive with item in back seat [INSIGHT]Blue Badge holders face parking fines in Europe due to Brexit issue [SHOCKING] This is because part of the vehicle was parked “outside the bay markings”, which is “fully enforceable”. The council said that the pre-existing signs and road markings at Heaton Park were designed to “not detract from the natural beauty of the Park by creating an urban ‘highway’ style environment”. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, she said: “I think their response is absolutely nonsense to me. “I understand they want to respect the beauty of the park, but I believe there still needs to be a sign or something making people aware that they will be fined if they park there." Amanda said she is contesting the fine as she calls it “unreasonable” and said she intends to formally challenge the penalty once the council submits a notice to owner (NtO). She added: “I’m refusing to pay the penalty because I think they’re being totally unreasonable. “Had I parked on a double yellow line, I would accept that I’d done something wrong but I paid for a ticket on the app and I don’t feel like I’ve done anything wrong.” She said she would be “pretty surprised” if she was the only person to have “fallen victim” to this. A spokesperson for Manchester Council said: “In all car parks administered by the Council there is clear signage indicating that motorists must park in designated bays in order for pay and display tickets to be valid. “In cases where this does not happen enforcement officers may issue a Penalty Charge Notice to drivers. "A person issued with a PCN can make an appeal to the Council if they do not believe it was issued correctly." Express.co.uk has contacted Manchester Council for further comment.