Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik announced she will take up a permanent hosting job on Jeopardy! but fans won’t see the actress in the first half of the season. Splitting the schedule with her co-host, she will take over the action in December. Mayim Bialik has joined the Jeopardy! cast as a permanent fixture but her time on the show won’t coincide with the beginning of the season. Scheduled to share the responsibility with Ken Jennings, the pair will split episodes between them in chunks rather than constantly changing. This means Ken will kick things off in September while Mayim will pick up the duties in December. Entering its 39th series, Jeopardy! is a cash-prize game show, testing contestants on their knowledge of a wide range of subjects. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Deciding to split the schedule between two hosts was a business move aimed at tapping into each star’s separate fan base. Explaining the network’s choice, executive producer Michael Davies laid out how the new season will unfold. He said: “In Mayim and Ken, we have two outstanding hosts at the beginning of their Jeopardy! hosting careers who connect with their own unique fanbases, new fans, and the traditional Jeopardy! viewer. “Ken will kick off the season in September, host the inaugural Second Chance competition and the heavily anticipated Tournament of Champions featuring Amy Schneider, Matt Amodio, Mattea Roach, Ryan Long, and many, many more. “His initial hosting run will take us through December.” Moving on to Mayim, he revealed she would deal with the second half of the show and will take things into the new year where proceedings will add new competitions. He said: “In the meantime, Mayim will host Celebrity Jeopardy! on ABC in primetime. “When she takes over from Ken in January, the current plan is to have her host a couple of new tournaments as well as the Jeopardy! National College Championship and as many weeks as she can manage with her other primetime commitment to Call Me Kat.” DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco sparks frenzy with acting role as mum [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting [INSIGHT]Young Sheldon EP details biggest change to prequel [INSIGHT] The producer reassured fans of show-runners’ aims to keep things consistent and not sub out hosts at fast intervals. Finishing off his address to viewers on the next instalment of the game show, Michael took time to praise the new additions and express his excitement at the upcoming competition. He gushed: “Mayim and Ken are both extraordinarily talented and simply lovely humans. “They support the staff and each other.” “They love and respect this institution of a television program. “In return, the staff and I are honoured to work alongside them.” Created by Merv Griffin, the show is one of America’s favourite quiz nights and its return is much-anticipated by fans as they wait to watch contestants battle it out for a big check. Season 39 of Jeopardy! kicks off on September 12, 2022 on Hulu.