Ms MccGwire told the GB News host: "Keir's saying, this is what we have to do kids and let's stop messing about, let's stop pretending that come the next election things are going to change. "I am putting my reputation on the line and saying if you elect me as Prime Minister, Brexit will be Brexit. "The difference between me and Boris Johnson is I'm going to make it work whereas he isn't." Mr Farage fired back: "Well what he's really saying is let's make Brexit boring. "Let's try and remove it as a political issue that can cause labour damage," he added. Ms MccGwire continued: "The problem is that Brexit can't I mean, it can be incredibly boring for most people, but in technical in real terms, you know, I mean, the ferry terminals are absolutely furious. "They've spent a million pounds doing all these imports things that haven't come in, we're not taking advantage of the VAT that people were promised. "The real problem is that we're not making...we are where we are, I was a Remainer we are where we are, we've got to make it work and this government is not making it work." It comes after Sir Keir has ruled out rejoining the EU or the single market if Labour comes to power, insisting such moves would sow further division in Britain. He also said the UK would not join a customs union under his party's leadership, as he set out a five-point plan to "make Brexit work". Sir Keir said Labour is "claiming the centre-ground of British politics once again", not from a "mushy place of compromise", but driven by "purpose" and "optimism". He said he would say more about how it intends to get the country's economy growing again "in the weeks and months to come", but the first step is to make a success of leaving the EU. DON'T MISS: Putin pundit tells Sturgeon to contact Russian hackers for Indyref2 [REVEAL]'Desperate distraction act!' Sturgeon savaged over Indyref2  [REPORT] ‘Sturgeon has no mandate!’ Alastair Stewart guest slams SNP Indyref2 [INSIGHT] In a speech to the Centre for European Reform at an event at the Irish Embassy in London, he said: "There are some who say, 'We don't need to make Brexit work - we need to reverse it'. I couldn't disagree more. "Because you cannot move forward or grow the country or deliver change or win back the trust of those who have lost faith in politics if you're constantly focused on the arguments of the past. "We cannot afford to look back over our shoulder because all the time we are doing that we are missing what is ahead of us. "So let me be very clear. Under Labour, Britain will not go back into the EU. We will not be joining the single market. We will not be joining a customs union."