During Monday’s instalment of the BBC daytime show Morning Live, Matt Allwright is set to reveal that open groups with tens of thousands of members have been ‘stealing’ people’s data. Favoured by hackers and scammers, posts advertising data sets such as “UK Old Age High Income Leads” went seemingly unnoticed on the site. For £160, Morning Live’s investigation team were able to purchase the personal details of 1,000 people living in Britain. They were able to get their names, email addresses, estimated net worth, home addresses and an estimated income bracket. To prevent fraud from taking place, the team contacted all of the people they were able to get information about and informed them that their details had been sold illegally online. Some of the people who Morning Live contacted complained they had seen an influx of scam emails and phone calls and believed it could be related to their data being sold.  Sarah from East Sussex, whose personal details had been bought, told the show: “It’s worrying. Worrying having elderly parents that are a little bit gullible. I’ve blocked probably about 100 calls on my house phone.” Anthony from Eastbourne who also had his details purchased said: “I seem to be inundated with phone calls from certain companies. Window sales, people are phoning non-stop, maybe three times a day. “I don’t think Facebook should be allowing people to sell information that could be used for fraud.” Many fraudsters buy data marketed as “leads”, which they then use as a starting point for different types of scams.   Mike Andrews from the National Trading Standards E-Crime unit told Morning Live: “[This is] obviously of great concern that information like this is being traded on Facebook. “We know that fraudsters and scammers will gather personal information and use that to ruthlessly exploit consumers and repeatedly victimize them.” He urged social media platforms like Facebook to do more to ensure personal information isn’t so freely available. All the people on the database were contacted by the BBC and the data will be securely deleted.  Speaking about the discovery, Matt Allwright said he was “shocked” that Facebook is allowing these types of sales to happen. He said: “This type of information is invaluable to scammers and cybercriminals, and there’s no way it should be available online." In response to the show's investigation, a spokesperson for Meta told Express.co.uk: "As part of our efforts to combat scams and fraud, we don't allow people to share or trade personal or confidential information about others on Facebook. "This includes telephone numbers, home addresses and personal financial information. We remove this content when we become aware of it, and have taken down the Groups in question.”    If you suspect an account of yours has been hacked, check out the National Cyber Security Centre site for advice - https://haveibeenpwned.com. You can also call 159 which is a secure number that connects you directly to your bank if you think you're being scammed. You can watch Morning Live every weekday at 9.15am on BBC One or catch up on BBC iPlayer.  