Ackley Bridge season five premieres on Channel 4 this week. There are 10 episodes in series five, which will be screened in double-bill instalments on consecutive evenings from tonight (July 11) until the end of the week. The show will be back with new cast members and explosive storylines to keep viewers gripped - Express.co.uk takes a look. Johnny Cooper - Ryan Dean Actor Johnny Cooper returns as Ryan Dean as he tries to navigate the second half of the school year. Dean has previously featured in the Guy Ritchie movie The Gentlemen, Penny on M.A.R.S, Holby City, and Doctors. Kayla Afzal - Robyn Cara Reprising her role as Kayla Afzal is Robyn Cara with the character’s siblings experiencing much drama this year. Cara is best known for roles in We Die Young, Life, Doctor Jekyll and Apple TV’s Trying. READ MORE: Ackley Bridge season 5: How many episodes are in Ackley Bridge? Fizza Akhtar - Yasmin Al-Khudhairi Yasmin Al-Khudhairi takes on teen Fizza Akhtar again as she teals with her father’s mental health. Along with Ackley Bridge, she’s also starred in Killing Eve, Hilda, and Stath Lets Flats. Marina Dobson - Megan Morgan Megan Morgan will be joining the cast as she takes over the role of Marina Afzal, replacing original actress Carla Woodcock. Morgan has previously starred in Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks before landing this part. Kyle Dobson - Adam Little Adam Little is joining the cast this year as Kayla’s younger brother Kyle Afzal, who is something of an unruly wild child just out of juvenile detention. Little’s previous credits include Years and Years, Coronation Street, and The Dumping Ground. Asma Farooqi - Laila Zaidi Another newcomer to the series is Laila Zaidi as fresh-faced teacher Asma Farooqi, who ruffles a few feathers upon arrival. Zaidi has appeared in Doctors, Benidorm, Amigo de Aluguel, and Mood. DON'T MISS...Ackley Bridge season 5: How many episodes are in Ackley Bridge? [EXPLAINER]Ackley Bridge exit: The real reason why Jo Joyner left Ackley Bridge [INSIGHT]Ackley Bridge season 4 ending explained: What happened at the end? [ANALYSIS]  Hassan Hussein - Hareet Deol Hareet Deol makes a comeback as Hassan Hussein after starring in Casualty, The Shore, and Girl Like You. Kaneez Paracha - Sunetra Sarker Sunetra Sarker reprises her role as Kaneez Paracha, who will find Kyle to be her toughest problem child yet. Sarker has starred in many shows before, including ITV’s The Bay, Informer, Cold Feet, Safe House, and most recently appeared in the BBC thriller Sherwood. Sue Carp - Charlie Hardwick Former soap star Charlie Hardwick returns as Sue Carp as she tries her best to impress in the hopes of shaking up her career. Hardwick is most familiar for her performance as the eccentric Val Pollard from Emmerdale and has also featured in TV series Different for Girls, The Accidental Medium, Vera, and movie Billy Elliott. Ken Weaver - George Potts George Potts is Ken Weaver, who will continue to prove a pain to the school’s head teacher. Potts has starred in the Harry Potter films as well as Brassic, The Third Day, Dorian Gray, and The Midwich Cuckoos, among other movies and shows. Martin Evershed - Robert James-Collier Downton Abbey alumni Robert James-Collier is again head teacher Martin Evershed. James-Collier’s other credits include Coronation Street, The Ritual, Fate: The Winx Saga, and The Level. Other cast members include Gemma Paige North, Cody Ryan, Zara Salim, Phoebe Tuffs-Berry, and Connor McIntyre. Ackley Bridge season 5 airs on Channel 4 tonight at 10pm and the series is available as a boxset on All 4