Witness Number 3 is airing on Channel 5 this week and it follows single mother Jodie Packer. Jodie ends up becoming a key witness in a murder investigation and she is torn between serving justice and protecting her own family. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Jodie is a single mum who runs a hairdressing salon on a London estate and she has a young son. One day she sees two men walking outside her salon and thinks nothing of it. She later finds out she has become a key witness to the moments leading up to a horrific murder. The series lead is played by Nina Toussaint-White, a London-born actress known for her roles in The Feed, Bodyguard, The Sister and GameFace. The star said of her new character: "Jodie is full of strength and determination, she is good-willed, kind. "We realised very early on that Jodie just wants to help people. "So when there’s a police appeal for witnesses, she steps up straightaway, she steps up to the plate."  Ivan is assigned to take care of Jodie after she becomes a key witness and the pair have some history. Star Sion Daniel Young said: "When the information is released about the identities of the witnesses, that’s obviously a big deal for Ivan because it’s his responsibility to make sure that they’re protected, and everything’s in place to make sure that they remain engaged with the case. "And also, he cares personally for Jodie. They definitely have a history, and there’s a relationship there that he wants to protect. "It’s maybe a bit more personal than it’s been on other jobs, I’d imagine. "And the way things escalate with the gangs, it’s genuine fear for Jodie’s safety." Sion is known for his roles in Deceit and Keeping Faith. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Detective Whelan is leading the murder case and she explains why Jodie's identity must be kept a secret at first. She is played by Clare Dunne, an Irish actress known for her TV and theatre roles. She has previously starred in Kin and Herself. Speaking about her latest Channel 5 venture, she said: "The themes of this that will resonate will be the gang violence affecting our communities. "There are so many people, innocent people, lost in the crossfire, and that is just so unfair."  Po is one of the main gang members who starts terrorising Jodie, pressuring her to retract her statement. He is played by Ruaridh Mollica, an Italian actor who has previously starred in Red Rose and Stonemouth. The star is on Instagram and he shared a poster for Witness Number 3, revealing his character does some "villainous stuff". Cathy is Jodie's mother in the series and the pair have a strong relationship. She is the one person who grounds Jodie and makes her think twice about her actions. Cathy is played by Sue Johnston, a 78-year-old actress known for her roles in Brookside and The Royle Family. Fans may also recognise her from Coronation Street and Downton Abbey. On her latest role, she said: "Cathy is the mother of Jodie, who is Witness Number 3, quite feisty in her past, and an activist, she’s no one’s fool. "But when her daughter is threatened, she’s very protective, and especially of her grandson. "She’s very much supportive of her daughter making a stand in this case, even though when she sees how difficult it’s getting for Cathy, she’s still very proud of her."  Kyle is Jodie's only son in the series and Jodie is extremely protective of him. Her first worry, when she makes her statement, is the repercussions it could have on Kyle. Kyle is played by Cole Martin, who is also starring in the TV movie My Name is Leon. He also played a school pupil in the series Small Axe. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present [INSIGHT] Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene [INTERVIEW] The Control Room episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast of the BBC seri...[EXPLAINER] Dee is played by Katherine Field, an English actress who lives in Dublin. She is known for her theatre work and has previously starred in Image of an Unknown Young Woman. Her other credits include Blood Wedding, The Merchant of Venice and Anatomy of a Suicide.  Paul is played by David Glynn Crowley, who is known for his roles in Love, Rosie, Ripper Street and Red Rock. Witness Number 3 will be told across four hour-long episodes, which will air on consecutive nights. The grand finale will air at 9pm on Thursday when fans will find out whether Jodie managed to get the murderer locked away. Writer Thomas Eccleshare said: “What drew me to the project initially was the tone. "I love those old Hitchcock thrillers, those paranoid psychological thriller stories where you are constantly feeling fearful and afraid and claustrophobic. "Beyond that, I just loved the idea that this character, Jodie, was brought into the situation by something that could happen to anyone, at any time. "The conflict that this character then goes through, this idea of whether she stands up for what is right and she defends her community and the people around her, or whether she succumbs to the pressure and does what a lot of people would do, probably I would do, and protects herself, protects her family and does, in some ways, the sensible thing."   Witness Number 3 starts tonight, July 18 on Channel 5 at 9pm.