And before the Leftie do-gooders start howling it is not true, that it is a smear campaign against these anguished, despairing people, this comes from Chief Immigration Inspector David Neal, who actually knows what is happening and whose terrifying new report says Britain’s shambolic border security is ­flinging the door open to potential terrorists and criminals. Mr Neal says that those wanting to harm this country are ­slipping into Britain via the crossings and fleeing taxpayer-funded hotels (which cost us £5million a day) before they have even been fingerprinted or undergone basic security checks. And it does not take Brain of Britain to work out why those who have fled would want to do that – maybe because it would expose the fact they are not genuine asylum seekers, or that they are criminals who would not be allowed to stay here, or that they have tried to cheat immigration before. Already 227 migrants have gone AWOL from hotels in just four months and David Neal is warning this is a severe threat as some have already triggered alerts on security databases. He also says Border Force staff are not keeping tabs on arrivals because they just assume they want to claim asylum. Which is naïve and stupid. Mr Neal looked at a sample of 57 absconders over a five-week period and found that 38 of them had not completed fingerprinting or facial scans – despite the fact they had been in Britain for between four and 29 days. Of the 57 – surprise, surprise, all adult males – two had been flagged up on a database of those who pose security threats or have criminal offences. Mr Neal started his job a year ago, and yet Home Secretary Priti Patel still has not deigned to meet him. And his report, which he handed to the Government on February 24, has only just been published – as Parliament goes on holiday. A case of trying to bury bad news? What the hell has to happen before we stop pussyfooting around, following the liberal Left agenda of zero borders? The primary culprit here is the Government which is failing in its responsibility, first to control our borders and, more importantly, to put the protection of its own people first. The first job – and moral duty – of any government is to keep its citizens safe from criminals and terrorists. This latest report says that is not happening and sloppy security checks have meant that people who could endanger our safety have been allowed to vanish into the general population. I know that even as I write this the Left will be lining up to say that I’m branding every person on those boats a terrorist. I am not. What I am saying, based on David Neal’s report, is that some of them might be. And, frankly, just one is enough to kill and maim innocent Brits.  The BBC has had to pay £200,000 compensation to William and Harry’s former nanny Tiggy Legge-Bourke because of “wholly baseless smears” by its odious rogue reporter, Martin Bashir, who had claimed she was having an affair with Prince Charles that resulted in an abortion. In the High Court this week Tiggy, now known as Alexandra Pettifer, said the “false narrative” had haunted her life for years and had caused “serious personal consequences.” It is disgusting that the state broadcaster, which has always sneered at the popular media from the moral high ground, turns out to have been the epitome of gutter journalism. Because not only did Bashir’s lies to Diana, Princess of Wales ruin lives – the BBC tried its damnedest to hide that fact. The Beeb has apologised now but it means nothing because it took a court case to make it happen. But £200,000 for trashing a young woman’s reputation and her life in no way makes up for what Bashir did. Shame on the bloody lot of them!  I do wish the media would stop designer checking and pricing up every single thing Rishi Sunak wears. This week it was all about his £3,500 Henry Herbert suit and his £490 Prada loafers. Look, he is stinking rich and married to a billionaire. Do we really expect him to wear M&S washable suits and Clarks shoes, like the rest of us? There’s nothing wrong with either of those brands but let’s face it – when you are that loaded, you are obviously going to trade up! Strictly legends Ola and James Jordan have posted this “chubby” photo of themselves because, they claim, they are hoping it will motivate them to lose weight. Ola said she was “horrified and disappointed” when she saw the photo. Why? Has she not got a mirror at home, or bathroom scales? Did her clothes not tell her she had put on weight? Sorry, but these two used to be top class, super fit professional dancers and know better than most how to quickly shed a few pounds. Call me a cynic, but I would not be surprised if, in the next few weeks, we see the launch of the James and Ola exercise video or diet book.  On what planet could a nonentity like Liz Truss be hot favourite for PM? This is a woman who until a year ago did not seem to have a policy on anything. Truss is not just the only minister Dominic Cummings ever shouted at when he was running No10, he also dubbed her “the human hand grenade” for causing chaos and NOT getting things done. The woman’s own contemporaries think she is “weird”. She is also socially inept and was the one who initially encouraged Brits to go and fight (illegally) in Ukraine. Yet despite all that, a poll of Tory members this week puts her on 62 per cent and Rishi Sunak on 38 per cent. Liz once played Maggie Thatcher in a school play and it has clearly gone to her head, because this week she boasted: “Labour fears me. I’m their worst nightmare.” Now, that level of self-delusion is disturbing. Because the truth is the Labour Party would LOVE the woman with the charisma bypass to win. Just imagine her trying to convince the Red Wall to vote Tory? Nope – cannot! And Cummings reckons the only reason Boris is backing her is because he knows she is as “mad as a box of snakes” and he’s thinking that when she cocks it up there will be a chance for him to come back. Sounds about right. Russell Crowe boasted this week that he and his family got a private tour of the Vatican Museum because he is preparing to play the Pope’s chief exorcist, Father Gabriele Amorth, who died in 2016 having performed 100,000 exorcisms. A bit different from my experience at the Vatican a couple of years ago. I got my times wrong and turned up as it was closing. I was leaving Rome the next day so I begged, pleaded and thoroughly embarrassed myself by imploring the grumpy security guard to give me just a couple of minutes inside: “I’m a Catholic,” I finally wailed in desperation. “Everyone’s a Catholic,” he said and promptly shut the church door in my face. Not terribly Christian! I have just come back from a fabulous holiday in Ireland visiting dear friends. But the unexpected icing on the cake was a customer service experience that left me amazed. I was trying to get a prescription filled for some medication I could not find anywhere, until the lovely staff of Lynch’s Pharmacy in Cork not only tracked it down… they volunteered to deliver it to me at the airport because their shop was hard to find. Above and beyond! Thanks guys…  