Balmoral is a royal residence bought privately by Prince Albert, consort to Queen Victoria, in 1852. The Royal Family, in particular the Queen, typically spends time at the Scottish residence every year, over the summer. It has been reported that, in the past, Sarah, also known by her family and friends as Fergie, would be forced to leave the residence to escape Prince Philip as the two "couldn't eat in the same room" at times, due to ongoing royal tensions. Speaking on thr latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the royal tensions between the late Philip and his former daughter-in-law. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "Andrew and Fergie would usually be the first people up there [at Balmoral]. "What used to happen, when Philip was alive, he used to be somewhere else and give them a few days, normally about a week, and then he would come up and Fergie would leave." He added that this was because Philip "couldn't stand being in the same room as her". He continued: "There were times when she was in the castle but she couldn't, sort of, eat in the same room as him", adding that this is "according to sources close to the Duchess of York". "Interesting", replied Ms Forsyth. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event Mr Palmer continued: "My guess is that, Andrew and Fergie will be up there for a couple of weeks. "Then Edward and Sophie will go, they're usually up there for quite a long time, maybe three or four weeks." Ms Forsyth added: "They all, kind of, take it in turns, do they". He added that Charles and Camilla are also likely "to be up there for a long time". Mr Palmer noted that the Queen would usually move in to Balmoral for the summer around the "6th or 7th of August". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William hatch new masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US Philip reportedly "walked out" of Balmoral breakfast room after pictures of Fergie having her toes kissed by John Bryan were published in the British tabloids. The publication of the images in August 1992 came a few months after Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew announced their separation. Royal experts discussed the Queen and Prince Philip's "furious" response to the royal scandal. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] Royal author Tom Quinn said: "Apparently Prince Philip came into the breakfast room, picked up one of the papers and just threw it in front of her and walked out." According to royal sources, Philip never forgave Fergie for the indiscretion. READ NEXT: