New Zealand’s Israel Adesanya will be looking to make his fifth defence of his UFC Middleweight title against American powerhouse Jared Cannonier this weekend. Coming into the bout, Cannonier is ranked at No 2 in the division and is fresh off back-to-back wins over Kelvin Gastelum and Derek Brunson. The Killa Gorilla is one of only a few top-ranked contenders the champion has not faced and poses a definite threat to The Style Bender. Despite being on the cusp of what he describes as the biggest challenge of his fighting career, Cannonier remains calm and focused on the job at hand. “I feel no emotion. There's bigger things happening inside of this vessel than what's happening outside," Cannonier, 38, told BBC Sport. "I'm more inclined to sit back, be observant and make a rational, logical decision as to whether something is going to serve me or not. I've put in a lot of hard work to be here, and my focus is very personal." Adesanya is currently ranked No 3 on the UFC pound-for-pound list and has been the middleweight champion since 2019. During his 10 years in the sport, he maintains an outstanding 22-1 record with his only loss coming to Jan Blachowicz after challenging for the light-heavyweight crown. Date and venue For UK viewers, the fights will run all the way through the night from Saturday evening (July 2) to Sunday morning (July 3). All the action will be broadcasted live from the T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The UFC 276 main card will start at 3am UK time on Sunday, July 3. Early prelims are scheduled to start at 11pm on Saturday, July 2, with prelims from 1am the next day. The event will be aired live on BT Sport in the UK, with subscribers also able to stream the action via the broadcaster’s app and website on phones and tablets. The early prelims are available on the UFC Fight Pass app. Betting odds Adesanya win 1/4 Cannonier win 4/1 Draw 74/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication  MORE MMA NEWS... McGregor return date set as White rates chances of Mayweather rematch Paddy Pimblett ready to make drastic change to set up Logan Paul bout Darren Till clashes with journalist as heated spat turns personal Full card Main card (3am Sunday morning UK time) Israel Adesanya (c) vs Jared Cannonier (UFC Middleweight Championship) Alexander Volkanovski (c) vs Max Holloway (UFC Featherweight Championship) Sean Strickland vs Alex Pereira (Middleweight) Robbie Lawler vs Bryan Barberena (Welterweight) Pedro Munhoz vs Sean O’Malley (Bantamweight) Preliminary card (1am Sunday morning UK time) Brad Riddell vs Jalin Turner (Lightweight) Donald Cerrone vs Jim Miller (Welterweight) Ian Garry vs Gabriel Green (Welterweight) Brad Tavares vs Dricus Du Plessis (Middleweight) Early preliminary card (11pm Saturday night UK time) Uriah Hall vs Andre Muniz (Middleweight) Jessica Eye vs Maycee Barber (Women Flyweight) Jessica-Rose Clark vs Julija Stoliarenko (Women Bantamweight) 