Elvis Presley found himself in one of the toughest spots possible in the mid-1950s when he was thrust between his mother and his lover. At 22-years-old - just before he became a worldwide sensation - Elvis was dating a young actress named Natalie Wood. The American starlet appeared in Rebel Without a Cause and later starred in West Side Story. And when Elvis crossed paths with Natalie - who was born on this day, July 20, in 1938 - sparks flew. But it couldn't last. Natalie's sister, Lana Wood, wrote and released a memoir titled "Natalie: A Memoir By Her Sister" after the star died on November 29, 1981. The 43-year-old drowned under mysterious circumstances. Lana detailed some of the lesser-known events of her sister's life. In the book, she revealed Elvis' relationship with his mother, Gladys Presley, got between the star and her sister. Gladys and Elvis had an intensely close relationship. They spent a lot of time together and gave each other baby nicknames. Priscilla Presley - Elvis' future wife - later referred to Gladys as "the love of his life". But when Elvis met Natalie, he thought he had found the one for him. To impress her early on, Elvis invited Natalie on a date to the movies. He proceeded to buy out the entire cinema to show her just how much of a big deal he was. Shortly thereafter he invited her to his house to impress his parents. But Gladys was apparently not very impressed with the young Hollywood girl. Gladys particularly had a problem with the star's clothing choice. Elvis biographer Ray Connelly wrote: "Natalie wore a very flimsy nightgown around the house." Gladys reportedly yelled: "Not in my house!" READ MORE: Priscilla Presley hits back at Elvis Presley 'racist' claims The dislike was mutual. Natalie revealed she was "troubled" by the relationship Elvis shared with Gladys. Lana wrote: "His mother said something like: ‘Come and sit on Mama’s lap.' They were very affectionate, and it bothered Natalie." In the end, Natalie made a sly attempt to get out of Elvis' house as quick as she could. "She called and asked our mom to make up a story about why she had to come home," Lana recalled. DON'T MISS...Priscilla Presley hits back at Elvis Presley 'racist' claims [NEWS]Elvis: Linda Thompson returns to his Las Vegas stage ‘Truly surreal’ [INFO]Priscilla Presley is 'more comfortable' without Elvis Presley [INSIGHT] Natalie claimed it was Gladys' fault that her relationship with Elvis broke down. At one point, Lana recalled, Natalie went on a week-long trip with Elvis and his parents. But she could barely last two days. Lana wrote: "'Gladys has wrecked everything,' Natalie said, referring to Elvis’ domineering, jealous mother. 'I don’t have a chance. Get me out of this, and fast.'" For the second time, she escaped from Elvis' adventure early because of his mother. Shortly thereafter, they split up. But not before Elvis became a little bitter about their time together. Natalie was not fondly remembered by Elvis, who soon after got drafted into the US Military. Ray wrote in his biography: "Later, [Elvis] called her ‘Mad Nat,’ I think for how angry she got." Lana agreed, writing: "There were people that [Natalie] idolised. Elvis was not one of them." SOURCE / SOURCE