Birds of a Feather star Lesley Joseph joined the Loose Women panel and reflected on the iconic moment her character, Dorien Green, belted out Madonna's hit single Like a Virgin to a crowd. The 76-year-old was persuaded to recreate the memorable scene on the ITV talk show, but she shocked viewers when she flashed her knickers. As the actress was singing in front of the Loose Women panel, she asked: "Can I do my Sharon Stone?"Lesley attempted to recreate the infamous Sharon Stone interrogation scene from Basic Instinct and showed the cameras her underwear.Loose Women viewers quickly took to Twitter to comment on the unexpected moment, with @Normski remarking: "Nope. I did not need to see Leslie Joseph's knickers."Rob Allen asked: "Did Lesley Joseph really just flash?" READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: What is Blood Will Prevail? New release explained Katy quipped: "I loved Lesley, her Sharon Stone took the cameraman off guard though #LooseWomen." Carmela added: "Really didn't need to see Leslie's lady business there #Loosewomen." Carole penned: "@loosewomen If @sharonstone ever needs an understudy for #BasicInstinct #LesleyJoseph is ready and waiting in the wings!" Lesley flashed her underwear when Loose Women star Linda joined her to sing Like a Virgin together 30 years after the historic Birds of a Feather scene.  As Lesley tried to recreate the Basic Instinct scene where Sharon's character bares all to a team of investigators by uncrossing her legs wearing a short dress, presenter Carol McGiffin exclaimed: "What is she doing now?" It appeared as though Linda was trying to stop Lesley from repeating the move as she could be heard saying: "No." The programme then shot to the credits while Lesley was still singing. Earlier on in the show, Lesley discussed her role in the West End musical Sister Act as a nun. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon turns Pickle Cottage pool into 'village lido' for kids [UPDATE]‘Need to calm down’ Loose Women’s Judi slams calls to CLOSE beaches [DEBATE] The actress and Linda, who have been close friends for decades, soon got embroiled in a row about age. Lesley hit out after Linda revealed she had gifted her incontinence products as a joke. Linda exclaimed: "I bought them for you but you never used them." "Why did you buy them for me if I never use them?" Lesley replied.  Linda swiped: "Because you're very old and I thought you needed them." The Loose Women star quipped: "You know her mum lived until she was 103, so how many more years have I got with [Lesley]?" Lesley managed to laugh off Linda's remarks and the pair hugged it out. Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 