Princess Eugenie, 32, has been celebrating World Oceans Day in the lead up to the UN ocean conference which culminated today. The conference began on June 27, with the website saying: “To mobilize action, the Conference will seek to propel much needed science-based innovative solutions aimed at starting a new chapter of global ocean action.” Eugenie has been a fierce proponent of the conference, regularly promoting it on her social media over the past few weeks.  On Friday evening, the Princess shared a blue post-it note on her Instagram story, with the caption: “My #bluetodo for the ocean.” The post-it note said: “To Do: To inspire action and change for the ocean.” This is the first time Eugenie’s handwriting has been seen by royal fans. Sheila Lowe, a Forensic Handwriting Examiner, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the Princess’ handwriting. She said: “As I understand it, Princess Eugenie is 32. “This small amount of handwriting, which gives us a limited picture, looks a lot like Princess Diana’s. “Here’s what it says about her,” the expert opined. “If there were more writing, it would reveal more about her.” What did the small bit of writing outline about Eugenie? Ms Lowe commented: “She is a ‘converted introvert’. “This means that she’s basically a bit shy but has learned how to put on a public face and appear more outgoing than she feels inside.” Is this indicative of being a member of the Royal Family? READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Princess Eugenie appear in same dress weeks apart Ms Lowe added: “She comes from a family that doesn’t talk directly about their feelings, but instead, talks around them (or doesn’t talk at all). “She is a person of strong feelings, but is careful about how she expresses them.” From Eugenie’s handwriting, what could her special interests be? The expert suggested: “It looks as though she may have an interest in literature or perhaps writes poetry.”  Eugenie revealed to her fans on Instagram what she did as part of the conference over the past week. She said: “I went to the Carbon community event with Blue Marine Foundation and UNESCO. “Blue Carbon is pretty cool. “Things like algae, mangroves, seagrasses, salt marshes all suck up a lot of carbon that we produce making it vital to protect these coastal ecosystems.” 