The triple lock is a Government pledge, which was introduced in 2010, to raise the amount someone gets from their state pension by either the rate of inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent. Last year, then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed that this promise would be temporarily paused due to average earnings being artificially inflated following the Covid-era furlough scheme for those out of work. After this decision, state pension payments in the UK only went up by 3.1 percent, in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate for September 2021. However, inflation is now sitting at 9.1 percent and is expected to exceed 10 percent in the coming months. This means that retirees who rely on their state pension will see a significant boost to their payments which could help them through the current cost of living crisis. Households are being faced with a double whammy of soaring energy bills and prices which have skyrocketed alongside the inflation rate. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Many financial experts have criticised the Government’s decision to temporarily pause the triple lock as pensioners have lost out on hundreds of pounds which could have helped them in the last couple of months. If the Government has increased the state pension by around nine percent, the current rate of inflation, someone eligible to full rate could claim a weekly state pension of £195.75 a week. This is around £10.60 above the current full new state pension level which is £185.15 per week. According to Aegon, removing the triple lock for the past year has resulted in a pensioner’s purchasing power being £551.20 less a year. It should be noted that state pension payments will not rise until April 2022 which means older people will still have to wait a couple of months before getting more money. Adrian Lowery, a financial analyst at wealth management firm Evelyn Partners, shared why pensioners should look forward to what will be a “substantial increase” to their payments. Mr Lowery explained: “Thanks to the reinstatement of the state pension triple lock, the next financial year’s full state pension will go up by this September’s rate of consumer prices index inflation. “With CPI inflation at 9.1 percent in May, and forecast to top 11 percent in October, that should make for a very substantial increase. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “There are not many other sources of income so tightly tethered to the cost of living.” Emma Byron, the managing director, Legal & General Retirement Solutions, emphasised why the triple lock being reimplemented will give some “reassurance” to those in need. Ms Byron said: “As the cost of living crisis continues to bite, this decision is good news for the many people who rely on the state pension to meet their income needs. “It does, however, serve as a strong reminder that the state pension is hard to predict. “As a result, consumers should ensure they’ve made their own private savings provisions too, in order to ensure a good standard of living in retirement. “We’ve seen an uptick in people withdrawing from their personal pensions early and at higher rates, potentially because incomes are under pressure. “This is something we are monitoring closely but hopefully the reinstatement of the ‘triple lock’ will provide some reassurance and help people struggling to make ends meet.” Currently, residents in the UK are able to access their state pension and claim payments once they reach state pension age, which is 66 at the moment.