Most people will own pillows and use them every night when they go to sleep. While pillow cases and bedding are often washed and cleaned regularly, pillows can sometimes be left off the list. Over time, pillows can become home to a plethora of nasty allergens such as dust mites, fungus, mould and pet hair. The more this builds up, the more likely bacteria will accumulate. For some people, old pillows can trigger allergies such as runny or stuffy noses, itchy skin and irritated eyes. Now, Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean on Instagram, has shared her go-to “tests” to check whether pillows need replacing. She said in a post earlier this week: “Do you ever test your pillows? READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down “Pillows should be replaced everyone one to two years as they harbour dirt, dust, bacteria and skin cells. “ALSO, DID you know that they can actually double in weight! YUK! “There are two really quick, simple tips you can do to test out your pillows to make sure they are still bouncy, fresh and going to give you that full support.” Lynsey’s first tip involved simple trying to fold a pillow in half.  DON'T MISSWhere will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? [INSIGHT]How to fix scratched non-stick pans: Baking soda trick to try at home [UPDATE]Boy George's Hampstead home that keeps him 'sane' [ANALYSIS] In her video, she folded the pillow in half and attempted to hold it down for 30 seconds. If the pillow is still useable, it should bounce back to its original shape straight away. If it remains bent flat and has crinkled, it needs replacing. Lynsey’s second test is called the “saddle bag test”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Simply, lay the pillow across your arm to see if it bends. If it bends over like a saddle bag then it needs to be replaced. Lynsey added: “Don’t forget your local dog shelter will really appreciate your old pillows.” The post received lots of positive comments from cleaning enthusiasts who said they will be trying the tests at home on their own pillows. Instagram user neerusharma_ said: “Brilliant tips! Will be trying this.”  Another user called @lauras.abode replied: “Love this. Top tips.” Social media user @mrspeachyclean commented: “Love this tip! “Funnily enough I washed my pillows today and will again after the heatwave. “I change them once a year usually September when it cools down.” Instagram user @fashionistasenorita_ said: “Testing them all now.”