Sevilla describe reports that Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign Jules Kounde as 'totally false'. Barca were claimed to be closing in on the signing of the France defender but Sevilla have rubbished the rumour. Chelsea want to sign Kounde after missing out on him last summer. The Blues have agreed a fee of around £55million for the 23-year-old. It appeared as though they had beaten Barca to his signature. However, reports on Saturday morning from Spanish football reporter Gerard Romero claimed Barca had gone back in for Kounde and that a deal had been agreed in principle. Romero said that there was a '99 per cent' chance that the deal was done and Kounde would become a Barca player. However, Sevilla have since responded. Transfer news LIVE: Kane in limbo, Chelsea to sell star man, Ronaldo swap deal  Spanish TV station El Chiringuito claims Sevilla have described the rumour as 'lies' and 'totally false'. Mundo Deportivo also back up the claim, stating that there has been 'zero contact' between Sevilla and Barca for Kounde. Chelsea therefore remain favourites to sign the centre-back in this window. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel was asked about Kounde on Friday. He told Sky Sports: "There is no news. If there will be news about Jules Kounde I will tell you." DON'T MISSOleksandr Zinchenko asks hilarious Kevin De Bruyne question after Arsenal transferMan Utd boss Ten Hag told he could already have 'the new Thierry Henry' to replace RonaldoArsenal boss Arteta makes statement on how many more signings he wants after Zinchenko  Tuchel was then asked about reports that Kounde had chosen to join his club over Barca. He replied: "That's what you say but I will not start commenting on other players." Kounde has been at Sevilla since joining from Bordeaux in 2019. He has made 133 appearances for the club in just three seasons. He has 11 caps for France having made his senior debut last year. Tuchel says he wants to sign at least one more defender this summer. He has already brought in Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli for a fee of around £34m. However, the departures of both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts leaves Tuchel short at the back.  Captain Cesar Azpilicueta also wants to leave to join Barca. But Tuchel is unsure whether to grant him his wish. Tuchel said: "It's a tough question because I am not sure if I want to give Azpi what he wants. At some point it is about what we want. "We have a Spanish international who is the captain at Chelsea. I see him maybe at the same level but Barcelona don't see him on that level. So I am not sure if I want to give him what he wants as he is a huge player." 