Virgin River fans are bursting at the seams, excited to see the heartwarming drama return to Netflix. Series three left a lasting impression on subscribers with the season leaving many questions to be answered. There isn't too long left to wait now before Virgin River is back to answer them all. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River.Virgin River hasn't been seen since July 2021 and now it's almost time to welcome the drama back. Season four will premiere on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix with all 12 episodes released in one go. The series is expected to follow up on its various storylines from season three but there are going to be some new threads to follow as well. One of which will be the introduction of the new physician who doesn't go unnoticed by the women of Virgin River. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen 'isolated' at Ravenseat Dr Cameron Hayek will be played by the Lebanese-Canadian actor Mark Ghanimé. According to Deadline, the physician is "armed with eye-catching good looks, a razor-sharp intellect, and a smile that could light up the world". But with the women of Virgin River drooling over him, will any of them catch the doctor's eye? Horror fans may recognise Ghanimé from one particularly popular drama a few years ago. Ghanimé starred as Major Sergio Balleseros in the Syfy horror drama Helix in 2014. He also portrayed Don Carlos in The CW drama Reign the following year. Some of Ghanimé's other biggest roles have been in Emily Owens MD, Soldiers of the Apocalypse, Private Eyes, The Wedding Planners and The Bold Type. According to his IMDb page, Ghanimé is going to feature in an upcoming mini-series called Dark Universe. DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [EXPLAINER]Virgin River season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? [RELEASE TIME]How many episodes are in Virgin River season 4? [REVEALED] Ghanimé won't be the only new actor welcomed to the cast of Virgin River for season four. He will be joined by Kai Bradbury who will be playing Doc's (Tim Matheson) long-lost grandson, Denny Cutler. Bradbury's character Denny will show up out of the blue, wanting to forge a connection with his grandfather. It has already been teased, however, that Denny comes with a "dark secret". There will be plenty more episodes of Virgin River to look forward to as well. After series three, the drama was given a double renewal by Netflix. So once season four is over, a fifth series will be on the way, most likely to come out in the summer of 2023. Virgin River season 4 premieres on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix.