Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are set to embark on a tour of Wales on Tuesday. The couple have a jam-packed schedule, starting with a visit to the 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards at Cardiff City Hall and ending with the official opening of Hay Castle in Hereford. As the Prince of Wales, Charles has deep-rooted connections with the nation, but ahead of his investiture the heir faced years of built up tension. Growing Welsh nationalism meant some people in the country resented the prince. The Royal Family therefore made an effort to increase popularity for the future Prince of Wales and promote a spirit of unity. In what was a revolutionary move at the time, Charles was sent to Aberystwyth to study the Welsh language for a term before the investiture. During his second year at Cambridge University, the prince spent a term at the University College of Wales, where he studied Welsh history and language. The prince previously told The Telegraph that he was met with protesters outside the university. He said: "Every day I had to go down to the town where I went to these lectures, and most days there seemed to be a demonstration going on against me.” Edward Millward, a Welsh nationalist and academic at the university, spent nine weeks teaching Welsh to the prince. A former politician, he finished his term as Vice-President of Welsh nationalist party Plaid Cymru the year before Charles' investiture as the Prince of Wales. Mr Millward briefly reflected on his lessons with Charles in an interview with The Guardian in 2015. He recalled: "The early '60s was the start of an upsurge in Welsh nationalism that saw the first Plaid Cymru politician elected to parliament. "By that point I was a well-known nationalist, so I was a little surprised when the university asked me if I would teach Welsh to Prince Charles for a term. “He had a one-on-one tutorial with me once a week. He was eager, and did a lot of talking. By the end, his accent was quite good." The term was in preparation for his investiture, when he was crowned by his mother, Queen Elizabeth II, at Caernarfon Castle and, in a bid to win over the nation, delivered a speech in Welsh. In part, he said: “Speaking for myself, as a result of my two-month stay in this country, I have come to see far more in the title I hold than hitherto. “I am more than grateful to the people of this Principality for making my brief stay so immensely worthwhile and for giving me such encouragement in the learning of the language.” Typically, Princes of Wales are not known for their knowledge of the principality and historically the title is about deference to England rather than empowering Wales. It began with King Edward I who made his 16-year-old son the very first English Prince of Wales in 1301 with an investiture at Caernarfon Castle, commissioned by the King after his conquest of Wales. His son, who went on to become King Edward II, was born there, and therefore the tradition of English kings giving their heir the title "Prince of Wales” began. Bestowing the heir to the English throne with the highest title Wales has to offer has inevitably ruffled feathers in Wales, where, over the centuries, nationalism has sometimes turned into a desire for independence from Westminster rule. Moreover, many English royals showed a complete disregard for the nation, with some princes of Wales never even setting foot in the country. Queen Elizabeth announced her intention to make her eldest son the Prince of Wales in 1958, when he was just nine years old. At the time, the idea was met with excitement by the Welsh people, who felt having the Heir Apparent in their nation would be a good thing. However, 11 years later, sentiments had changed. The Welsh nationalist movement had grown and become more militant in the decades prior to 1969. Charles' investiture attracted fierce criticism in some republican quarters and, on the day of the ceremony, 250 extra police officers were on patrol among fears of violence. Although the investiture ceremony may appear to be steeped in history and tradition, it had been refashioned for the young prince with television coverage in mind. At the time, it was thought that a show of royal pomp and ritual would put an end to the rumblings of Welsh nationalism. The media-savvy updates were at the hands of the Earl of Snowdon, society photographer and the then husband of the Queen’s younger sister Princess Margaret, who was himself half Welsh. During a spectacle broadcast around the world, Charles pledged his allegiance to the Queen, stating: “I, Charles, Prince of Wales do become your liege man of life and limb.” Four thousand people watched from the grounds of the castle, along with thousands more outside the ancient walls and millions tuning in on television. Charles remembers the day as a tremendously important one. He said: “For me, by far the most moving and meaningful moment came when I put my hands between Mummy’s and swore to be her liege man of life and limb and to live and die against all manner of folks — such magnificent medieval, appropriate words, even if they were never adhered to in those old days.” He has taken role seriously and purchased a home in Llwynywermod, Wales. Each year, he devotes a week to touring the country and makes other regular visits. He has been a dedicated advocate of Welsh issues, especially those relating to the environment, and through his Prince’s Trust charity has helped many struggling Welsh young people. As Charles’ destiny as King edges closer, more eyes are turning to eldest son Prince William, who is likely to take on the title once his father ascends the throne. If the Duke of Cambridge becomes the new Prince of Wales, his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, will take on the title of Princess of Wales — a style that has not been used since the late Princess Diana. William and Kate already have strong connections to Wales, since they lived on the island of Anglesey when William worked as an RAF search and rescue pilot. Their history in the country will likely make them popular appointments.  And while it is unlikely they will move there full time, Welsh people can certainly expect to see more of the royal duo. During the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee last month, the pair visited the country with their two older children — eight-year-old Prince George and seven-year-old Princess Charlotte.