Washing machines are used everyday in many households, and it can become second nature to throw everything into the appliance. However, an expert has warned Britons to be more careful with what they are washing, explaining that some garments can be causing more harm than good. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, recommended avoiding putting ties in the washing machine. He explained: “Most ties are made from delicate fabrics, such as silk or wool, and run the risk of shrinking, losing their shape or staining other clothes during a quick wash cycle. “To keep them smelling fresh and in good shape, I would recommend hand washing them, or having them cleaned professionally.” Embellished items should also be kept away from the washing machine. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ 36p natural scent to repel moths from homes in summer According to the expert, they “will become damaged” if not properly protected during a cycle. This includes items with sequins, buttons and zips. Deyan said: “Zips and buttons could get caught in your machine’s tub, or cause damage to other items in your washing load, so make sure to zip and button up all of your items before putting them in a wash. “Sequins and jewelled clothing are particularly delicate, and may fall off during a cycle and become lodged amongst other clothing, so I would recommend sponging off any dirt or stains from this material, before seeking cleaning help from a professional service.” DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [COMMENT]Lawn care: Seven steps to get ‘healthy’ and ‘bright’ grassMonty Don: ‘Best defence’ for tomatoes as ‘risk of blight increases’ [EXPERT] Small items like baby socks are also items people should be cautious of when it comes to washing them. This is because they are small and can get caught inside the draining vents inside the washing machine. The expert added: “This can affect the efficiency of your washing machine and can even cause flooding. “I would recommend popping them into a small mesh bag to avoid losing them amongst your clothing and inside the machine.” READ MORE: Paint: ‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating Britons should be mindful of the fabric they are washing because some require professional attention. This includes silk, which mostly requires a dry cleaning treatment. Deyan continued: “The high temperatures and spin cycles of a washing machine can cause delicate fabrics to tear, shrink and lose their shape. “You may also run the risk of staining other clothes in your washing load. “Dyes from coloured silks can often run onto other fabrics.” To help prevent coins and keys becoming trapped in the wash, it is very important to thoroughly check clothing before it goes in for a wash. The laundry expert explained: “The metal can damage your washing machine’s drain pump and scratch its interior. “Always check your pockets before putting a load on.” Tissues should also be removed from pockets to prevent them from shedding and sticking to clothing. Deyan added: “Don’t put bras in the washing machine. “There are several risks when it comes to putting them in the machine. “Not only can their underwiring damage your washing machine’s tub, but their clasps could also tear other delicate items in your laundry load. “Additionally, if clasps get caught inside the walls of your washing machine’s tub, your bras may stretch excessively during a cycle, which can damage their delicate materials and original shape.”