The latest RAC Fuel watch indicates that motorists are expected to pay 189.46p on average for a litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who are expected to fork out 197.52p per litre. While the prices are expected to fall down it might still take some time until drivers see a noticeable difference. With that in mind, experts have urged motorists to walk instead of driving. This especially applies to short journeys. AA president Edmund King previously said: “We would urge drivers at the moment to cut out shorter car journeys if they are able to do so and walk or cycle to save money. READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency “Almost one-fifth of AA members are already doing this. “But by changing your driving style you can also save up to 15 percent on fuel costs. “These crippling fuel costs are hitting home so drivers need to take all the steps they can to stay mobile.” According to a recent survey for The Mail on Sunday carried out by Aviva, many motorists have followed the AA’s advice. DON'T MISS Little-known car cleaning hack will boost fuel economy by 10 percent [HACK] New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' drivers [INSIGHT] 'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costs [REVEAL] The survey found that two in five motorists are now making fewer journeys. One in six are using buses, trains and the tube while 13 percent are working from home. Others choose to walk or cycle. The findings were supported by data from the satellite navigation firm TomTom which has seen the number of cars on the road fall over the last month. READ MORE: Real-life 'Fast and Furious' car meets causing havoc for locals It said that congestion in London had fallen from 42 percent to 41 percent and in Liverpool from 36 percent to 33 percent. Road traffic is down in every town compared with 2019. Matthew Washer, from Aviva, said: “As fuel prices reach an all-time high, drivers can take some comfort in the fact that by driving more smoothly and attentively, they will not only be saving fuel and money, but helping to make the roads safer and reducing their impact on the environment.” The Government has previously been urged by the RAC to take more action and tackle the crisis. Speaking earlier this year RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that’s in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses.” Mr Williams added: “March's 5p fuel duty cut now looks paltry as wholesale petrol costs have already increased by five-times that amount since March. “It’s becoming clearer by the day that the Government must take further action to reduce the enormous financial burden on drivers. "The Government needs to recognise that the 5p duty cut is a drop in the ocean and more needs to be done now to support drivers who are feeling the pain every time they go to fill up their cars.”