Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) What's going on or is about to go on in your domestic world will seize your full attention. There's a lot happening and this won't be without a degree of confusion. Once you bring some order within your own four walls you will feel happier. Gemini (May22/June21) The cheerful outlook of an older relative who has been feeling down will bring a smile to your face. What's not to love about the time you spend with your close friends and family? There will be a need to gain control of a difficult situation in connection with your work or a personal matter. Cancer (June22/July23) Financial affairs come under favourable influence, whether strictly personal or of a shared variable. It doesn't matter whether you are shopping for luxury items or spending cash on major themes; it will be hard to put a foot wrong. Leo (July24/Aug23) For once it won't be you who comes up with the best ideas. You aren't in the mood to lead, but you will happily follow. Those sharing your social world seem extra adventurous and fun-loving. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Don't delay if you're thinking about starting a diet, beginning a new exercise regime or making an attempt to kick a bad habit. Now is the time to decide on the steps needed to get you on this path towards self-improvement.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Your home and work environments can both be improved by encouraging the peace and harmony you value so highly in all your relationships. For example, why not make a conscious effort to avoid confrontation with workmates? Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Your imagination is working overtime, making this a perfect time to ask yourself: what are your deepest dreams and aspirations? Set your goals and start planning the first moves towards their realisation. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Life feels like it is full of duty, and this is getting tiring. In addition to this, you're trying to fit in a favour or two someones is expecting from you. You almost dread the amount you are committed to but once you get started you will quickly get through all you have to do. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Something is going on in the background of which you are presently unaware. This will shortly come to light and it will benefit you in some way. Changes at work will work out well for you when your powers of perseverance, reliability and stamina are being appreciated by a superior. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Your mind is clear. You know exactly where you are heading, and this will help you overcome obstacles. Not only this, but you will be able to push your way through problems that have been holding you back. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) When others may hesitate through indecision, you will amaze everyone by knowing exactly what you want to do. Your boss and senior colleagues will be impressed by your assertiveness. Even so, you should guard against being careless.