Graham Smith, CEO of the anti-monarchy group Republic, claimed members of the Royal Family will face a much stronger opposition and criticism once the reign of Her Majesty comes to an end. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Smith painted a gloomy picture for the future of the Firm in the UK. He said: "The monarchy is on borrowed time, it's the Queen that keeps it going. "When she is gone, it's going to be a completely different situation, people are not interested in defending Charles or Andrew or William when they do things which are wrong. "It's going to be a lot easier to make the case, the monarchy is not going to change, to get any better or cheaper, it's just going to carry on but there is not going to be the Queen there to protect it." The campaigner said it is a "long habit" in the UK not to criticise the current monarch - who this year is marking her 70th year on the throne. However, while "people are very reluctant" to do so with the 96-year-old sovereign, Mr Smith said "they aren't reluctant with Charles at all". He added: "And so there is going to be a change in attitude [after the Queen's reign ends]." Mr Smith's belief the monarchy is on "borrowed time" was challenged by royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams, who said this form of government is "very much" part of the UK's DNA. The expert told Express.co.uk: "There is no evidence that when Charles ascends the throne that the monarchy is on 'borrowed time'. READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' "That is what Republic hopes but is far from reality. "It has, after all, been continuous for over a thousand years bar Cromwell’s Protectorate. "Every monarch has a different style and Charles will become a king in a different era, so will William. "What Graham fails to see is that the monarchy is very much part of our DNA. "It is overwhelmingly popular in the polls. No political party supports a republic. "Every institution has good and bad periods, this has always been the case and always will be. "Republic are simply indulging in wishful thinking. "Look at the popularity of the Cambridges! It is phenomenal and will ensure continuity in the future." A recent poll by YouGov showed the majority of adults in Great Britain still support the monarchy, as outlined by Mr Fitzwilliams. The survey, completed between April 30 and May 2 on 1,754 people, suggested 27 percent of the people polled believe the UK should abolish the monarchy. However, the percentage of people backing the election of a head of state in the country has been slowly incrementing over the past years. A different YouGov poll carried out between October 2 and November 22 2019 on 4,870 people showed 19 percent of those surveyed across all age groups said Britain should, in the future, replace the monarchy with an elected head of state, suggesting they were supporting a republic. The latest YouGov survey conducted for Republic showed that younger generations in particular are keener to support the election of heads of state in the country. A whopping 40 percent of the people polled aged between 18 to 24 said the monarchy should be abolished against 37 percent of those in the same age bracket who said Britain should keep the monarchy. On the other hand, the percentage of those in favour of republicanism steadily decreased as the age of the poll's respondents grew. When it comes to the popularity of individual members of the Royal Family, the Queen remains the most liked by Britons, according to the rolling favourability analysis led by YouGov. But, as noted by Mr Fitzwilliams, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are well-liked by the population. Data gathered through interviews made with people in Great Britain in the second quarter of 2022 show Kate is liked by 68 percent of the population, the highest percentage after Her Majesty, who is liked by 75 percent of those surveyed. The Duchess is followed by Prince William, whose popularity hit 66 percent in the second quarter of the year.