Andrew Hannon entered the Den in 2013 seeking £50,000 for 20 percent equity in his business 13 Horror limited. 13 Horror limited is a business based on fear. Mr Hannon explained to the Dragons’ Den cast he makes fear available to people in the form of two interactive online experiences. He started out producing short stories and has now turned it into self published books. Peter Jones did not understand what Mr Hannon was pitching to the investors. “I don’t get it,” he said. READ MORE: 'No way to clear debt' Pensioner 'frightened' to discover he owes £3,485 for energy bills During the pitch, Andrew had sold 10,000 copies and had topped the iTunes horror chart in England, America, and Canada. Each book cost £14,99 and he has sold 10,000. “Wow, that is a lot of books,” Duncan Bannatyne gasped. After reading a section of the book, Duncan started laughing and said: “I love the book, this is fantastic.” READ MORE: I don't have a lot' Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement The investors all burst out laughing after reading sections of Andrew’s short stories. The Dragons’ were reduced to tears as they could not control their laughter. Andrew said: “Some of them are comical as well as horrific yeah.” Deborah Meaden said: "What have you done," as all the Dragons' continued to laugh around her. Theo Paphitis said: “You sold 10,000 books which I think is amazing for a self published which is brilliant. “You’ve done all the right things but you don’t need £50,000. The market you have attracted so far is the market you should be staying in. Stick to the sector and the niche you are successful in and you can go from there. I can’t, invest I’m out.” Duncan agreed with Theo and explained that it’s not ready for investment just yet. He wished him the best of luck but said he could not invest. With Dragons' Den recently coming to a close for another series, it is interesting to look at previous pitches that have received investment, and one’s that have not. Despite not leaving with any investment, many entrepreneurs have gone on to do great things with their products. For example, Tangle Teezer, a hairbrush company, is now worth £200million. Rob's rejection has also been one of the biggest success stories in the show's history. Dragons’ Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.