Bravo’s yachting reality series Below Deck Mediterranean returned to screens on Monday with its premiere of season seven. The show made a very dramatic comeback as an incident left the crew members and the charter guests' lives in danger. Following the episode’s release, star Mzi "Zee" Dempers opened up about his traumatic experience onboard the yacht.  Ahead of the spin-off’s premiere, fans were aware there would be some trouble ahead for the crew members. The trailer showed dramatic scenes as the boat came under some unexpected moments. Although the charter can be unpredictable the episode revealed the boat had begun to malfunction. While the day started off like any other day, things took a major turn for the worse when the boat's stabilisers lost function. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' As a result, the crew members all sprung into action, however, this didn’t spot the boat from harshly rocking and throwing off anything that wasn’t nailed down. The disaster occurred after breakfast and by the time Captain Sandy Yawn received the alarm, guests and the crew were already being knocked off their feet. Mzi "Zee" Dempers, who had returned to sea for another charter season up about a scary chaotic moment. Speaking to E! News, he revealed: “It was a bad situation, it was something very very unexpected. You just worry about the safety of yourselves and the guests.”  While he described the entire ordeal as “chaotic,” Zee acknowledged there was bound to be some problems as the crew were navigating a new boat. He said: “There's always going to be a bit of a teething process that has to endure before the boat's 100 percent correct. “And generally, I think we were in that teething process so we experienced a lot of actual boat problems and crew problems.” As the concerning episode ended with a ‘To be continued’ title card, viewers will have to wait until episode two to see how the crew resolved the malfunction. DON'T MISS...Turning DOWN money Vine host baffled as union demands bonuses SCRAPPED [NEWS]Why was Pete fired from Below Deck Med? [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med's Captain Sandy blasts co-star after kiss with guest [INSIGHT] Elsewhere in his interview, Zee hinted at some major drama with the others on the boat. He shared: “Generally, our season had a lot of different personalities, and in terms of that, people are always gonna clash.” The deckhand then hinted at him getting caught up in the drama as he wrote: “More so this season than last season.” When quizzed about the stabilisers, Captain Sandy Yawn simply told E!: “But it's never fun.” 