Knowing when is the best time to water your garden is important, especially during the summer months to keep your plants healthy and happy. There are many variables which mean timings change throughout the year. That means there's no one answer to this question, but there are simple tips gardeners can adopt and follow to make sure their modern garden is healthy and blooms beautifully at different times of year. Whitney Bromberg Hawkings, CEO of flower delivery service, FLOWERBX said: “When watering your garden, timing is everything. “Of course, gardens need different amounts of water throughout the seasons - depending on factors like rainfall and temperature - but there are simple rules you can follow to help your plants survive.” From windowsill plant pots to fully manicured landscaped gardens, gardening experts have advised on when and how to water plants. Camille Cimino, who has been doing A-list gardens in Los Angeles for more than 20 years said: “There is a peak time of day that is best for watering your plants. “The best time to water your garden is very early in the morning that way, the water will soak in, and won't evaporate in the noonday sun, but it also won't sit around encouraging fungal growth, either.” READ MORE: Gardening jobs to tackle in July to ‘encourage healthy strong growth’ Whitney agreed and added that morning watering can also work as an anti-pest method. She said: “The morning is when your plants will make use of it the most, as well as keeping the environment drier by the time that the temperature drops back down in the evening - helping to avoid bugs like slugs and snails.” For those who are busy in the early morning, Whitney noted that they can opt to water their plants in the evening in the warmer seasons, as less water will be lost to evaporation on those hot summer days. Firstly, it's essential to be able to identify what the clear signs are that a garden needs watering, how to know when a garden has had not enough water and when it has been overwatered. Camille explained: “Different plants have different water needs, so it's important to learn about what conditions a particular plant desires. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share 55p hack to unblock drains in 10 minutes [TIPS] “For example, fig trees like to dry out between watering, but tomato plants need to be kept consistently, evenly moist.” There is no rule of thumb, so identifying and learning about your plant is the first step to ensuring a happy garden. “But in general, drooping leaves even in cool morning or evening temperatures are not a good sign, and neither is dry, crumbly soil,” says Camille. She added: “With certain succulents, which store water in their plump leaves, if those leaves are no longer smooth and glossy but beginning to wrinkle, that's a sign they need water.   “Dig down a bit into the soil - sometimes the surface will be moist, but an inch below, it's dry. “It's actually better to water deeply a few times per week than it is to do shallow watering daily.” Finally, dry, crisp brown leaf tips are a sure sign of underwatering, “but an overwatered plant will have similarly discoloured and wilted leaves,” adds Camille, “but not the same crisp feeling. They turn yellow or brown and remain flexible and even soggy.” READ MORE: Virtual viewings will add £16,000 to your property value There is no rule of thumb for watering as each plant has different needs. It's good to remember, however, that plants will use more water if more water is made available to them, so gardeners can allow them to dry out a little between watering and they don't need to be wet all the time. George Ellis, gardener at West Dean Gardens said: “Don’t be tempted to water more frequently than you have to. “Plants are often more resilient than they seem and once established in the border shouldn’t require regular watering. “Allowing them to go through occasional dry spells encourages their roots to reach deeper into the soil which will make them more able to cope with drought. “Choose plants suitable for the conditions in your garden; if your soil is free draining and you live in a dry part of the country, choose plants that are proven to be drought tolerant and suitable for dry gardens. “If you have to water your plants, give them a good soak less frequently rather than a sprinkle every day. “A light watering is unlikely to reach far below the surface and most of it will evaporate off.” Gardeners should also be careful when warning their garden. Whitney said: “Using water sustainably is a must. If your space allows, invest in a water butt to catch rainwater, then redistribute this to your garden.” Another top tip for watering goes for all types of plants. “Avoid simply getting only the flowers and foliage wet by watering at the root level,” says the expert. She added: “Ensure ample water is available to all parts of the plant. “In the warmer months, be sure to give your plants a good, thorough watering every couple of days, rather than a light one daily.”