Pineapples are currently in abundance at supermarkets or local grocery stores. But the sweet tropical fruit can quickly go from being perfectly ripe to brown if not stored correctly when you get home. To make a pineapple last as long as possible without freezing it, it all starts with choosing the correct fruit to put in your shopping basket. When choosing a pineapple, be sure to look for ones that have vibrant and healthy leaves - the colour of the leaves is considered a sign of freshness. As for the pineapple itself, the exterior should be green than yellow. Pineapples, like bananas, are picked and shipped green. As they ripen, they change from green to yellow. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares food passengers 'should avoid' on plane Much like other fruits, the feel of pineapple can indicate its ripeness. For a pineapple to last as long as possible, choose a hard pineapple. Pick it up and squeeze it, and poke the base of the fruit too. Another way to check if a pineapple is ripe and ready to eat, or if you have a few days for it to ripen at home is by smelling it. Ripe pineapples typically have a sweet smell at the bottom, right near the base of the fruit. DON'T MISS...Remove limescale from bathroom taps in 5 mins with no scrubbing [VIDEO]British couple buy French village for £12k [PICTURES]Five ‘healthy’ foods you should avoid if you want to lose weight [EXPERT] If a pineapple doesn’t have any odour, it may mean that it’s not completely ripe. On the other hand, a pungent or bitter odour often indicates that the pineapple may be overripe. If you choose a green, firm pineapple, it will ripen over the next three to five days if kept at room temperature. The warmer the room, however, (eg in summertime compared to winter), the fast it will ripen. If you place the pineapple in the fridge, it will take longer to ripen. READ MORE: 'Going to change your life': Food storage hack stops milk going off “To quickly ripen melons and pineapples, place in a brown paper bag with the top folded over and leave at room temperature,” HelloFresh Recipe Development Manager, Mimi Morley told Express.co.uk. “To make the process even quicker, add a banana or apple to the bag. “These fruits produce ethylene which is a hormone that helps ripen fruits.” Similarly, if you want to slow down the ripening process, keep the pineapple away from bananas or apples. When your pineapple is ripe, cut it into chunks or slices and place it in an airtight container, if it is not to be consumed immediately. “Place the tube in the fridge where it will stay good for three to five days,” Mimi added. “The ideal temperature for a fridge is between 3°C and 5°C.” If you want to make your pineapple chunks last longer, you can cover them in a simple syrup. The syrup, combined with the airtight container and fridge temperature will make the pineapple last double the storage time, so six to 10 days instead. You can also freeze pineapple but this limits its uses after thawing.