The man says he enjoyed his time at the fast-food restaurant, tucking into a meal and ordering "extra" drinks before heading home. However, a few days later, he received a fine for breaching parking restrictions. Posting anonymously on the Spotted Whitwick Facebook page, the disgruntled customer wrote about the fine he received after spending time at the Coalville, Leicestershire, branch. He wrote: "So annoyed just had a fine for parking at McDonald’s for nearly 2 hours, we was there all that time eating and extra drinks have now got a fine. Anyone else had this?" Many McDonald's restaurants have a time restriction on parking, which is usually between 90-minutes to two-hours - but the parking is operated by a private company, reports Leicestershire Live. The store in question has a 90-minute parking restriction: "Parking restrictions have proved necessary because of problems ranging from minicab drivers using our car parks as waiting bays between fares, to people leaving their cars for several hours while shopping or using nearby amenities." Some commenters offered support to the customer, giving them advice, including one person who said: "Appeal it will probably get cancelled." Another wrote: "Go in and speak to McDonald's, they might be able to cancel it if you can prove you were in there the whole time! Worth a try." A third said: "Call and ask to speak to a manager, they can have the fine cancelled at their discretion (I'm a previous employee)" Meanwhile some were quick to laugh at the poster's misfortune, asking how they managed to spend such a long time at the restaurant. One joked: "2 hours??!! Did you slip into a coma?", while another added: "Not so fast food. Still if you do order the slow cooked mcpork burger you only have yourself to blame." A third said: "Two hours in a McDonald’s? What did you order? There are signs all over the place about parking limits," while another asked bluntly: "What the hell did you order?". A spokesperson for McDonald's said: "We have parking restrictions in place at a number of our restaurants, with a time limit to ensure there is adequate parking for all of our customers. "At this restaurant the time limit is 90 minutes and we make this clear to our customers with signage in the car park. "If a customer feels they have been wrongly ticketed, we would encourage them to get in touch with the third party contractor who issued the ticket by way of appeal."