Pat Cash has raised a theory that suggests Rafael Nadal will be fit to face Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon semi-finals despite an abdominal injury. The Spaniard overcame the problem to beat Taylor Fritz in a breathless five-setter on Centre Court on Wednesday. Cash, who recently launched a scathing attack on Kyrgios for "cheating, manipulation, abuse and aggressive behaviour to umpires", expects Nadal to be fine for Friday's final four match. That's despite the fact the 22-time Grand Slam winner admitted he is "worried" he'll be forced to withdraw from the grass-court Grand Slam. The BBC's commentator Andrew Castle said after Nadal beat Fritz: "If anything's going to get you going, it's playing Kyrgios. There's no love lost between them." And Cash hinted that because the 'King of Clay' was able to finish out the four-hour, 20-minute match against Fritz, he will step out on court against Kyrgios. Cash said: "There's not much love lost between Nick and anybody on the tour! Or not many people. But yeah exactly. Rafa tends to downplay his injuries a little bit and is able to produce. If he's good enough to walk on the court he's good enough to win. MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios predicts Nadal Wimbledon tie will be 'most watched match' "I think he'll feel that way. It can't be very bad damage because he continued to play and play his best tennis from the back of the court in the fifth set. And he served his best. So that's after four hours. There's nothing really serious, whether it'll flare up overnight, we'll have to wait and see. Fingers crossed it won't." Nadal explained in his post-match press conference when asked if he'll play Kyrgios: "Tomorrow I going to have some more tests, but difficult to know. It's obvious that I am not the kind of player that I didn't have a lot of things in my tennis career, so I am used to have things and I am used to hold pain and to play with problems. "Knowing that, when I feel something like I felt, that is because something is not going the proper way in abdominal, no? Let's see. It's obvious that today is nothing new. "I had these feelings for a couple of days. Without a doubt, today was the worst day. Have been an important increase of pain and limitation. And that’s it, yeah. I managed to win that match. Let's see what's going on tomorrow. "The decision if I play at the end – all the decisions – are the player decision, but at the same time I need to know different opinions and I need to check everything the proper way. That is even something more important than win Wimbledon, that is the health. Let's see how this is going tomorrow." Cameron Norrie, the British No 1, takes on six-time Wimbledon winner Novak Djokovic in the other semi-final on Friday. Djokovic has won this major in all of the last three years it has been held. He defeated Nadal, who hasn't reigned supreme on grass since 2010, the last time the Spaniard reached a final at SW19 in 2011.