The 2022 Commonwealth Games commence today in Birmingham, welcoming international athletes to compete in an Olympics-style competition for the next week. The event commences with a glittering opening ceremony tonight, with fan-favourite Red Arrows making an appearance. The Royal Mail will give fanatics an additional avenue to celebrate via collectable stamps. The Royal Mail has released a book of stamps to commemorate the Commonwealth Games this year, with eight designs made for the occasion. Artist Charis Tsevis illustrated sports and para-sports in which athletes will compete, including diving, boxing, para table tennis, para powerlifting, artistic gymnastics, mountain cycling, athletics and wheelchair basketball. Stamps went on sale today, and people can buy them directly from the Royal Mail website. READ MORE: Red Arrows flypast TODAY: RAF to round off July schedule The Royal Mail shop boasts a collection of Birmingham 2022 memorabilia centred on Mr Tsevis' designs. People can choose from 14 items, primarily stamps or commemorative coins, with prices ranging from 30p to £1,095. A pack of all eight stamps will cost buyers £12.10, and people can also find them at one of the UK's 7,000 Post Office locations. Commonwealth Games organisers and Royal Mail staff have hailed the collection as a worthy celebration of this year's event. While it opened in 1976, the stadium has seen some adjustments in recent years to prepare it for the games. The city's Perry Barr district received funds to expand the venue ahead of Birmingham 2022, more than £700 million altogether. The funding has allowed organisers to invest in an all-new west stand that boosts total capacity to 18,000, 30,000 with additional temporary seating. Spectators can watch the opening and closing ceremonies from the souped-up stadium. The opening ceremony launches 11 days of sporting competition from 7pm tonight. People can watch in person or on television via BBC One, BBC Sports or BBC iPlayer. Birmingham officials plan to keep the Alexander Stadium running as a local sporting centre once the games have concluded. They have pledged to continue holding "major athletics events" that would make the stadium a "focal point for leisure and community activity".