Mick Schumacher is not yet ready to make a move to a top team despite his improving performances at Haas, according to Nico Rosberg. His verdict comes after former German F1 and Sports Car driver Hans Joachim-Stuck claimed Schumacher would be “at the top of the list” for a leading F1 seat. Stuck said Schumacher was proving to critics “where the hammer lies” and insisted the young 23-year-old is finally showing “what he’s capable of”. However, Rosberg has disagreed with his compatriot and suggested former F2 champion Schumacher needs more time to learn. Rosberg told Eurosport: “I don't see it that way, he still needs time to develop. The past races have shown that. So it would make sense for him to take his time before targeting a top team. “We also saw that with George Russell, who drove at Williams for three years and then was ready to move up to Mercedes. You don't have to rush into anything.” Schumacher has been blasted by team principal Guenther Steiner this season as he struggled to find results. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher offered advice on 'downside' after Hamilton battle He also criticised his young driver for two accidents in Saudi Arabia and Monaco which dented the team’s budget. The Haas star even admitted there was “tension” between the pair as he continued to struggle to find form. However, Steiner commented that Schumacher has been a lot more relaxed since the Canadian Grand Prix which has helped him achieve results. Since then, Schumacher has looked in a new wave of form and picked up points at Silverstone and Spielberg. Rosberg revealed the uptick in form would be of “tremendous value” to Schumacher that could carry him to stronger results over the second half of the campaign. He told Eurosport: “Mick has had a difficult few weeks and we are all happy that he has now made a nice breakthrough. DON'T MISSToto Wolff's old hint at Mick Schumacher replacing Lewis Hamilton  [INSIGHT]Haas star was 'praying to God' car would not 'blow up' after issues [ANALYSIS]Schumacher backs up claims on why Vettel stormed out of F1 meeting [COMMENT] “Formula 1 is fast-moving. He had to take a lot of criticism. When I open the newspapers these days, I don't read any criticism of him at all. It only took one race, an eighth place, a cool duel with Verstappen in Great Britain and everything is forgotten again. “That's the crazy thing about our sport, but also the beauty for Mick. Psychologically, this is of tremendous value to him, because he is now finding a positive mental spiral. That carries him and that helps him in the coming races.”