Prince Harry and Meghan were spotted arriving at Oprah's Montecito mansion last month, sparking fears of another "tell-all" interview. The couple, who made international headlines last March, are known to be good friends with Oprah but some have speculated as to whether the visit means another interview is being planned. Now, the couple have been warned that by doing another interview with Oprah, it could be the breaking point for the Royal Family. Speaking on 9honey, royal expert Natalie Oliveri discussed with hosts Sylvia Jeffreys and David Campbell about the rumours of a potential new Oprah interview "in the works". She added: "There have been photographs of Meghan and Harry visiting Oprah. "They do live very close together so they could just be friends and having dinner." Host Sylvia said: "That would surely be the nail in the coffin for that relationship [between the Sussexes and the Royal Family]." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry engagement interview is when things started to ‘sour’ – expert Ms Jeffreys added that the Sussexes' friendship with Oprah is clearly "thriving". In March 2021, the two-hour Oprah interview caused controversy after Meghan and Harry shared some unsettling revelations during the chat with the American television host. During the interview, Meghan claimed that there were "concerns" over the colour of their then-unborn son Archie's skin. The Duchess also shared that she had suffered with her mental health during her time in The Firm. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle reconcile with her father out of respect for the Queen? She revealed that she had experienced "suicidal thoughts" and alleged that she was denied help during her private struggle. Harry also went on to claim that his father and brother, Prince Charles and William, are "trapped" in the institution of the monarchy. Harry told Oprah, "My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don't get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that." DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT]   She revealed that she had experienced "suicidal thoughts" and alleged that she was denied help during her private struggle. He also claimed that his father, at the time, had "stopped taking" his calls and that he was cut off from his family. During the interview, the couple also revealed that they got married a few days prior to the televised Royal wedding and that they were expecting a daughter. The couple announced their decision to step down as senior royals in 2020. They are now based in the US with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ NEXT: