Prince William is reportedly questioning Meghan Markle's decision to openly share her view on the change with feminist writer Gloria Steinem in a recent interview. Members of the Royal Family traditionally avoid speaking out about political issues but with her departure from the institution, the Duchess of Sussex has not refrained from discussing her views on controversial matters. Reporting on claims from sources close to the Duke of Cambridge on his Youtube channel, commentator Neil Sean suggested the royal is "unhappy" that his sister-in-law is still using her royal titles when speaking in a private capacity. Mr Sean said: "This has really become a big hot potato. It all really stems from the fact the one-time royal Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex recently gave an interview to Gloria Steinem for a glossy magazine. "It's all about the Roe v Wade debate. But, as ever, once an associated member of the British Monarchy comes forward and starts getting into that political arena, it can become damaging. "According to a very good source, and as ever we have to say allegedly, Prince William is unhappy once again at having to work through the mire of what these particular associations mean." The royal commentator claimed the Duke of Cambridge is concerned about former working members of the Royal Family stealing away the focus from the cause he and other senior royals are trying to promote. JUST IN: Meghan Markle's white outfit for Jubilee had hidden meaning - 'attempt' to 'evoke peace' He continued: "When you look forward to William and Catherine, they are very busy promoting their own charities as are Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. "So whenever you have a situation moving forward when an associated member of the Royal Family can grab the headlines, it's not a case of jealousy. "It's more a case of, really, 'is it right?' "And it throws up the problem once again of the use of royal and associated titles." READ MORE: Meghan Markle abandons 'any pretence of royal neutrality' with remarks in new interview The Duchess of Sussex sparked controversy after discussing her opposition to former US President Donald Trump ahead of the last presidential election in 2020. She was then questioned for cold-calling US politicians to lobby for equal parental leave for US parents. Speaking to Vogue, the Duchess revealed she and Steinem have been working to get the Equal Rights Amendment ratified as she warned of the risk the repeal of Roe v Wade poses to women. She said: "This is having a very real impact on women’s bodies and lives starting now. Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. “Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "Some will have to source abortion pills from unregulated pharmacies. "Others who are pregnant and find themselves in a medical emergency will be at the mercy of doctors and lawyers to determine if a procedure that is needed to save her life can even be done at all.”