George Russell has sent a message to a fan he ignored on the Friday before the British Grand Prix after his video went viral. The Mercedes rookie has also promised to send the fan a signed football after the hilarious incident was caught on camera. In the TikTok video, fans at Silverstone can be heard screaming for Russell to get a ball they had accidentally lost over the fence that split the crowd from the track. At one stage, Russell appeared to turn back towards it to pick it up and throw it back to the fans but instead just waved to the crowd who had gathered behind the barrier. Believing the fans just wanted to see him, Russell cycled past and left the ball on the ground. As Russell cycles away, the man in the video, Isaac Jackson, can be heard screaming “George, the ball, no, George, the football, the football.” Jackson posted a reply to TikTok the same evening to update followers that he didn’t get the ball back. A day later he was seen on the Silverstone ferris wheel, admitting it was the “last attempt” to find the ball. READ MORE: Red Bull 'perplexed' by Perez penalty as Russell gets away with one Russell was seen laughing at the clips as he reacted to the incident ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix. In a video message posted on Twitter, Russell said: “Hi Isaac. It’s George. Sorry I missed your ball on Friday night in Silverstone. “There was quite a few people shouting and I didn;t hear you shouting for the ball. I think the instructions were a little bit vague as well, maybe you should have been a bit clearer. I’m just kidding. “To make up I’m going to send you a signed football. So I hope that makes up. I enjoyed the video anyway, cheers.” Mercedes fans praised Russell’s kindness on social media, but some questioned what the former Williams star meant when he claimed the instructions were “vague”. DON'T MISSMercedes poke fun at themselves after Hamilton and Russell's disaster [INSIGHT]George Russell under investigation for Austrian GP qualifying breach [ANALYSIS]George Russell hits barriers after Hamilton crash in Austria [PICS] One social media user said: “If I was the team I would be worried if he found that vague." Another added: “How was the instructions unclear.” Another commented: “How can he say the instructions were unclear if he couldn't hear them?” Russell had a difficult Friday in Austria, crashing out in Q3 on one of his final flying laps. However, the Mercedes driver was still able to start the sprint race from fifth despite the damage.