The row over Novak Djokovic’s ban from the US Open has escalated after Senator Ted Cruz blasted Joe Biden over “absurd” rules that stopped the world No 7 from entering the country to compete. He becomes the highest-profile politician yet to pressure the President ahead of the final Grand Slam of the year, with less than six weeks for travel restrictions on unvaccinated travellers to be dropped. Djokovic is set to be banned from the US Open unless the American government eases up on unvaccinated travellers, who are currently barred from entering the country. The three-time former champion will not be able to compete unless Biden and his aides make a u-turn on the conditions of entry, and Ted Cruz has become the latest political figure to wade into the debate and slam the POTUS’ “absurd” rules. “Let Novak Djokovic play,” the Texas Senator told the Daily Mail, attempting to back Biden into a corner over his restrictions on unjabbed foreign nationals. Cruz is one of several Republicans to criticise the rules, with those among the group of Senators and other officials calling the ban “absurd” and accusing the President of trying to “control Americans’ lives” by keeping restrictions in place. Another Republican Senator - Tennessee Senator Marsha Blackburn - added: “It is absurd that Novak Djokovic is not allowed to enter the USA. No one should ever be punished directly or indirectly for not being vaccinated. The left has realised that if Covid is over, they will lose control over Americans' lives. That's why Joe Biden and Anthony Fauci are pushing for a forever pandemic.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms first Nadal, Federer and Murray Big 4 link up  Their words come after Djokovic’s name provisionally appeared on the US Open entry list, with the tournament quick to release a statement clarifying that it was just part of standard procedure before confirming they would follow all government guidelines on unvaccinated travellers. “Per the Grand Slam Rule Book, all eligible players are automatically entered into the men’s and women’s singles main draw fields based on ranking 42 days prior to the first Monday of the event,” it read. “The US Open does not have a vaccination mandate in place for players, but it will respect the U.S. government’s position regarding travel into the country for unvaccinated non-U.S. citizens.” DON'T MISS Russian tennis star Karen Khachanov has hotel room 'robbed'Andy Murray withdraws from tournament to make US Open intention clearDjokovic and co to lose a Masters 1000 as ATP axes China and Russia   Djokovic’s own coach, former world No 1 Goran Ivanisevic, has since come out and shared hope for Biden to change the restrictions in time for the US Open, having previously been pessimistic about his charge’s chances of getting into the country. “Maybe Biden will change his mind,” the Croat said. "There are a lot of crazy things happening in the world. Every day something changes, every day something new happens.” It comes after the 50-year-old claimed he had a better chance of receiving a wildcard into next week’s tournament in Umag and winning it, than Djokovic did at getting to the US Open. 