Professor Stephen Smith has called on over-60s to "pay for their prescriptions" to help cover the cost of medical equipment. The former chairman of the East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust claimed the public "would be prepared to pay some additional charges". Andrew from Glasgow has branded the plans which would see the over-60s £9.35 per item in their prescription as "immoral". Speaking to the Jeremy Vine show, Andrew said: "I can't believe that as a 21st-century democracy, we're discussing means-tested healthcare. "It just shows what a morally repugnant Government we have where we're squeezing the pockets of older people." The host interjected: "But means testing is the opposite. "It's making sure Mick Jagger pays, not Micky or Geraldine pays. You've got it the wrong way around." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Suzy Merton's exit unveiled as Matty takes revenge Andrew continued: "You're making people regardless of their income jump through hoops to access medication. "We shouldn't be doing that." Professor Smith told The Daily Mail: "I think the public would be prepared to pay some additional charges. Means testing would ensure the poor were not affected unfairly." It comes as mental health in the North was more badly affected by the pandemic than elsewhere in England, a new report has found. Experts have estimated that the mental health crisis in the North has cost the UK economy £2 billion, on top of the losses caused by COVID-19. A report by the Northern Health Science Alliance (NHSA) said the findings are more evidence that the pandemic had an unequal impact across different regions. Its research found that people in the North aged under 35 were more likely to have developed a psychiatric disorder over the course of the pandemic, an increase of 2.5 percent compared to a reduction of 1.3 percent. in the rest of England. While anti-depressant prescriptions rose by 12 percent in the North during the pandemic. DON'T MISS Free prescriptions: Britons not eligible could save £340 on NHS meds [INSIGHT]Patient risked blindness as charge was ‘too expensive’ [ANALYSIS]State pension changes could see thousands losing free NHS prescription [VIDEO] Report co-author Clare Bambra, professor of public health at Newcastle University, said: "These findings reiterate that the pandemic has been very unequal. "People in our most deprived communities have suffered most, in terms of death rates, dying younger and in ongoing ill health such as long Covid. "These health inequalities reflect long-term inequalities in the social determinants of health, how we live, work and age." A Government spokesperson said: "We recognise the pandemic has had a significant impact on people's mental health, and we are working to ensure that there are appropriate services in place to treat those that need it. "We are transforming mental health services, which will see over £2.3 billion of additional funding a year by 2024 - helping an additional two million people across England access services. "Our Mental Health Recovery Plan included £15 million of funding in 2021/22 to help level-up mental health and wellbeing across the country - including in northern England - by investing in activity to promote positive mental health in the most deprived local authority areas."