TikTok user Kiley Jean is a homeowner and cleaning aficionado who has amassed over 142k likes on the platform. She recently detailed the importance of maintaining your property to save money on bills, the tip boasting 1.2 million views at the time of writing. She showed how her air conditioning unit's fan was covered in dirt. Kiley said: "It's all caked with years worth of lint and dust and so it can't suck air in from outside, so it can't cool your house." She demonstrated how she cleaned all the dirt from the machine using a "fin-tool". With it, she gently scraped all the dust off the unit. She went on: "You also want to check inside in the bottom because all of that dirt and leaves and debris and stuff are also going to keep the air conditioner from working as well as possible." Since cleaning the unit she told viewers: "Spoiler: My energy bill is already like 50% less." READ MORE: 'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating with a minor change More and more Britons are installing aircon in their homes to tackle rising summer temperatures. Whether it's a stand-alone unit or a permanent wall fixture, keeping the AC clean is important to keep bills low. Plug-in units range in price, generally starting at around £200. Fixed units cost upwards of £500 with generally around a £1,000 installation cost per unit. DON'T MISSSlash your daily costs by £25 with ‘easy steps’ [HOUSEHOLD BILLS] You can give away your house and pay zero tax [HOW TO] Council tax changes could see 1.5 million households pay more [WARNING] USwitch recently estimate the cost of running a fan to be around 2p an hour. To run a fan for eight hours a night over the month of July, therefore, would cost £4.96. If you are running fans in three bedrooms, this would shoot up to £14.88 for the month of July. Clean the oven Grease and burned food build up in the oven as we use it. However, this dirt can cause Britons to waste money on bills. The oven will cook more efficiently when it is clean. Tackle the freezer The more you have in your freezer, the harder it has to work. This includes food but also lumps of ice that can build up in the freezer over time. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Clean radiators If radiators are covered in dust it will take a longer time and more energy to heat the home, resulting in higher bills. Clean the outside of your radiator, but also be sure to hoover inside the machines to clear it of dust. Descale the kettle Limescale in the kettle means it has to work harder to boil. That means more money is spent with every cup of tea or coffee made. A cleaning expert recently detailed her method to de-scale the kettle with vinegar. Check tumble dryer Clean out the tumble dryer as much as you possibly can regularly. This means the machine will not have to use as much energy to dry clothing.