Thick black smoke has been witnessed rising from a Russian ammunition depot in Alchevsk, a city in the Kremlin-occupied Luhansk region of the Donbas. Shocking video from within the city has captured the base full of Moscow’s military supplies as the site erupted into flames and the sky above turned black with plumes of smoke. The news comes as the latest blow to Russia's military resources as intelligence from the frontline of the conflict suggests President Putin’s armed forces are already struggling to equip fighting troops. Russian ammunition depots have become a strategic target for the Ukrainian defence as President Zelensky’s forces seek to obliterate Moscow’s military supplies. This week, a Kremlin ammunition dump in Raiske, a city in Russian-occupied Kherson, erupted in a huge explosion as fire rippled through the Russian weapons supply. Earlier this month, another Russian ammunition depot in the east of Ukraine was destroyed in a missile attack which caused a violent explosion to engulf Kremin weapons. Ukrainian military forces have conducted increasing strikes on Russian military bases in occupied territories as President Zelensky’s military has been bolstered by advanced weapons with long-range capabilities. The US announced a new package of support for the Ukrainian defence would include four further high mobility artillery rocket systems (HIMARS), bringing the total number supplied to 16. America has also provisioned up to 580 advanced unmanned Phoenix Ghost drone systems to the Ukrainian military. By comparison, Russia has been forced to rely on outdated, Soviet-era equipment as President Putin’s lack of international allies has been truly exposed through the conflict. Read more: Ukraine: Kyiv humiliates Putin as 40K troops lost   According to open-source defence analyst Oryx, Russia is confirmed to have lost 4,997 pieces of equipment and military vehicles since the invasion began. The actual number is likely to be far higher as Oryx included only the resources that can be confirmed as destroyed, damaged, abandoned or captured through video or photo evidence. The Kremlin has suffered a staggering loss of 910 tanks and a further 506 armoured fighting vehicles. By comparison, Ukraine has lost only a fraction of Russia’s equipment with 1,386 pieces in total destroyed in the war, including just 232 tanks and 116 armoured fighting vehicles. The UK Ministry of Defence confirmed Moscow was desperately trying to conserve weapons damaged in the conflict as the Russian military has established a makeshift repair centre for armoured vehicles close to the Ukrainian border. Don't miss: Ukraine ‘has given Putin bloody nose’ with more than 100,00 casualties [REPORT]The best warships in the world COMPARED – how they fare against Russia [ANALYSIS]MI6 boss exposes crisis for 'desperate' Putin - 1000s of troops dead [REVEAL] An intelligence report has revealed: “Ukraine has used its new long-range artillery to damage at least three of the bridges across the Dnipro River which Russia relies upon to supply the areas under its control.” The Ukrainian efforts to destroy supply routes into Russian-occupied regions have threatened to undermine the hold Moscow’s forces maintain over the territory. Kherson city, a region occupied by President Putin’s forces, has now been isolated from other Russian-occupied territories following successful Ukrainian strikes on transport routes. If the Kremlin is unable to supply Russian troops within Ukraine, units may be forced to withdraw from occupied regions. Despite the concerns over military resources, the Kremlin confirmed last week that Russia was planning to step up offensive efforts “in all areas.” Read next:Lukashenko backs himself into corner as 'wholly dependent' on RussiaRussian man brands himself with hot 'Z' poker in show of loyalty - VIDPutin panic as UK weapons to fend off RussiaRussia in FLAMES: Devastating explosion rips through key gas pipelinePowerful UK rocket launchers to force Putin into humiliating retreat