Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall purchased a stunning Wiltshire mansion after divorcing her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994. The Duchess still keeps her personal Wiltshire property, despite sharing two homes with Prince Charles. The sprawling property, known as Ray Mill House, set Camilla back £850,000.  It is located just a 15-minute drive away from Highgrove House, the country home she now shares with the Prince of Wales. Camilla has chosen to keep the property and she continues to use it as a Wiltshire base when required. The property has garnered a lot of attention recently due to Camilla’s 75th birthday pictures. The upcoming documentary about Camilla on ITV will heavily feature the Wiltshire mansion and its stunning gardens. READ MORE: Prince Harry uses 'a power pose' as an interviewer in Better Up video Kate Middleton recently photographed Camilla in her back garden for Country Life magazine, to celebrate her 75th birthday. There are also photos taken shortly before Camilla moved in which provide great detail on the types of plants growing in the garden. Beautiful greenery and forget-me-nots could all be seen in the background. What do the gardens at Ray Mill House look like? The gardens have luxurious features including an outdoor swimming pool, stables for her horses, and large gardens with a river. Camilla's daughter Laura even chose to host her wedding reception at the property when she married Harry Lopes in 2006. Outside, there is a large swimming pool lined with concrete walls. Camilla also has an old mill pond recreated outside the living room of Ray Mill House. READ MORE: Camilla looks radiant in green floral dress and 'unique' accessory The previous occupants before Camilla, Worthy and Gillian Gilson, excavated the old mill pond and created the surrounding 17 acres into a sanctuary for wildfowl. Kate’s stunning photographs of Camilla for Country Life show forget-me-nots growing generously in the green space. This is an interesting choice of flower, as forget-me-nots happened to be Princess Diana’s favourite flower. As well as her beautiful gardens outside, Camilla is known to take good care of her flowers inside.  During a meeting at her London home, Clarence House in 2015, Camilla revealed her trick for making flowers last longer. She said: "Do you ever put lemonade in your water? "If you put it in then [the flowers] do keep longer and it helps keep the water clear.” The mix of acid and sugar is believed to stop bacteria and help flowers last longer. 