The Handmaid’s Tale character Janine went missing last season after she got separated from June. The release of a new season five trailer sees her sprawled across the floor suggesting it may be the end of the road for her. Back for another run, The Handmaid’s Tale season five is tipped to be more action-packed than ever. One character in particular, will endure a rocky road that seemingly results in her tragic passing. The release of a new trailer for the upcoming instalment looks to have confirmed fans’ fears Janine won’t make it more than the next few episodes. They have been left to ponder her fate following the shocking turn of events in the season four finale. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Last season, Janine (played by Madeline Brewer) was nowhere to be seen after she was separated from June (Elisabeth Moss). Her disappearance meant it wasn't clear whether the character had survived the bombings in Chicago. However, a few more episodes in and viewers learned she did survive but ended up a fugitive. Ultimately, her role in the fourth series ended in her recapture and she was last spotted being taken back to Gilead against her will. Updates on the new cycle pouring in, the teaser quickly shows a glimpse of the character presumably dead on the carpet. Blink and you’ll miss it, the clip is over in a flash but fans believe this could signal the end of Madeline’s part in the hit dystopian drama. Feeding fans’ appetite for information on the new plot lines, the actress dropped some hints in a chat with EW. She said: "As per usual, Janine is a cat with nine lives. DON'T MISS...The Handmaid’s Tale: June hinted to forget Hannah [INSIGHT]The Handmaid’s Tale season 4 theories: Hannah refuses to leave Gilead [THEORY]The Handmaid’s Tale season 4: June Osbourne’s new ally uncovered  [INSIGHT] "And if you've been watching the show, you know she used up several of them already. "I'm going to just say this season is no exception to that." Asked to give away the tone of the new season, Madeline revealed a few words instantly came to her mind. "The word wild is in my brain," she shared. Continuing on, the actress explained: "It's wild. It's a little wild. I truly don't know how to describe it… "I mean, we're so much out of Gilead. And everyone is experiencing things that they have not yet experienced. "Everyone's going through a transformative period." While waiting for the next story to unfold on Wednesday, September 14, catch up on season four available to stream on Amazon Prime.