Bunkhouse member Lloyd (played by Forrie J Smith) was at odds with the rest of the crew throughout much of the fourth season of Yellowstone. Thankfully, he was eventually able to patch things up with Walker (Ryan Bingham), but not before receiving a beat-down from Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) in one of the most brutal scenes in the Paramount Network drama’s history. Main cast member Rip has shed more light on the devastating bunkhouse feud which nearly tore the ranch apart during the latest season of Yellowstone. In season three, the cowboys are divided when barrel racers Mia (Eden Brolin) and Laramie (Hassie Harrison) pay the ranch a visit. Seasoned wrangler Lloyd is thrilled when Laramie starts to take an interest in him, though she eventually begins a much more serious relationship with his younger colleague Walker. Lloyd and Walker quickly start to fall out, while ranch owner John Dutton (Kevin Costner) declares the bunkhouse a woman-free zone. READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash Realising Lloyd wasn’t going to let their grudge go, Rip orders him and Walker to fight it out, before stepping in to deliver the ageing cowboy some more lashings himself. “Obviously, Lloyd raised Rip in many respects,” Cole explained. "And then he, at one point or another because of his way of thinking and John’s way of seeing Rip, he passed him up a little bit. “Or not a little bit, he did. Lloyd kind of stayed in a certain place but he is his brother, you know? “In the flashbacks, you see what he did before as a young man coming up in the cowboy world.” After coming to the ranch at a young age, Lloyd has seen many cowboys come and go without ever being promoted beyond his current position. Knowing Lloyd’s chequered past made hurting him even more difficult but, to Rip, it was the only option he had left to try and get the bunkhouse back to the way things were. Cole told GoldDerby: “I think there’s a ton of emotion there because obviously you don’t want to do that. “But there’s a certain kind of rule and ethic that cannot be broken, and, if it is, then people will be dealt with.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Brie star teases next role away from series [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film [INTERVIEW]P-Valley’s Lil Murda stay pays tribute after emotional reunion [COMMENT] “That's just the way of the game that they play in. It would never change, I would do it again and Taylor would write it again.” The actor explained there was still a part of Rip which regretted having to fight Lloyd and ultimately break his hand, but he would still do it again to any member of the crew who might cross him. “Obviously, Rip has got some red left in his heart, it’s not all black just yet,” Cole added. “Doing that to a friend, and doing that to a brother is not easy, but that’s what that moment was about. “There’s also something too there - and I love this about Taylor [Sheridan, showrunner], and I love this about the character, and I’m always talking to him about this - the consistency of character.” “It doesn’t matter who you are, it doesn’t matter. If you break these rules, and there are certain rules to begin with, then you’re going to be dealt with. “And sometimes it’s death. And sometimes it’s just your hand getting broken.” Hopefully, the Yellowstone cowboys are still on good terms when the series returns for its fifth season, but viewers already know anything can and will happen in the thrilling drama. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network and seasons 1-3 are available to stream in the UK on Paramount+.