Even more importantly, we must have a Government that continues to be unequivocally committed to the Levelling Up agenda devised by the Johnson administration. While chaos in London ensued, I was standing on the Teesworks, Redcar site welcoming the ground-breaking and exciting SeAH Wind project which is bringing 750 direct, good quality, long-term jobs to the people of Teesside. This £400million project is just one example of the many investment opportunities in Teesside which have contributed to our area becoming the fastest growing in terms of attracting foreign direct investment. Levelling up is about improving the lives of real people, in areas that have been neglected in favour of affluent cities in the South for too long. The system has created a self-fulfilling prophesy favouring economically successful parts of the UK and has, as a result, hindered the progression of our region. It is critical that we address this issue head on. There is a reason why many voted for the Conservative party for the very first time in 2019 and amid all the noise and hysteria we must not fail to remember this. The voices of our Red Wall voters must ring clear in the years ahead. If not, we will be rightly punished. But one thing people on all sides of the political divide can agree on is that the Prime Minister was right in highlighting the need to rebalance our economy and invest in our northern Red Wall towns. On the steps of Downing Street, he spoke of how talent is everywhere, yet opportunity is not and this is unarguably true. So we must now set about creating a raft of popular, pro-growth policies that will deliver for the communities of northern towns who have rightly felt left behind for too long. It is important what our next Prime Minister stands for and what they will deliver. I have always said in my role as Mayor I am a proud Conservative, but more importantly I am a proud Teessider. I will always put the people I represent first. This will never change. I have therefore, called on all leadership contenders to commit to a Levelling Up Pledge which will demonstrate to the millions of voters who backed the Conservative party for the first time that we are still on their side. To truly deliver upon the mandate we were given, all of the candidates should commit to five core pillars of Levelling Up. These include: Ensuring we have a Secretary of State for Levelling Up attending Cabinet; ripping up the Treasury’s rules on spending decisions which discriminate against towns and rural areas in the North of England; widening and deepening the current model of English Devolution alongside giving mayors further fiscal freedom surrounding business rate revenues, and committing to the full construction of Northern Powerhouse Rail to finally make East-West connectivity fit for the future. These five key ideas are sensible, affordable, and absolutely in line with the promises we made to the people of this country. They are pro-growth, pro-business and will unleash the potential that we all know lies within the communities of the North. However, it is also important to stress that these core principles represent just the beginning of what Levelling Up can be and I look forward to working with our next Prime Minister to develop them further. But what they do provide are the foundations of a structure which can deliver real progress for the people of Teesside and our country. In order to respect the mandate of the people, the next Prime Minister wishing to serve our country must be fully on board with the Levelling Up agenda. This programme of government goes to the very heart of the success of our great nation. It is what we were voted in to deliver, and it is what will help reset the economic injustices of the past. It is this that I will be fighting for in the coming weeks. If we hope to maintain the support of those who voted for us for the first time in 2019, we must continue to work tirelessly to do so. It is true, personality is important but good policy is the bread and butter that will take us forward and ensure we are seen as a credible competent Government delivering on the will of the Great British people.