  Ulrika Jonsson, 54, stood up for Florence Pugh yesterday after the 26-year-old actor was body shamed by disgusting trolls for wearing a translucent gown that showed her nipples. The Marvel actress picked a revealing, sheer tulle dress for Valentino’s haute couture show in Rome last Friday.     When Florence shared the pictures of herself in the stunning dress to Instagram, she alluded to the social media platform’s ban on showing female nipples in her caption. However, she was soon forced to share a lengthy Instagram post the following Sunday after she was subjected to “vulgar” backlash and misogyny from those that took issue with the fuchsia garment’s sheer bodice. Ulrika, who is a proud feminist, voiced her support for Florence in her latest column, requesting a “round of applause” for the actress. “Men, appalled by her audacity, and supposedly shocked to see a pair of fine breasts, immediately went on the attack on social media, calling her ‘flat-chested’ and mocking her ‘tiny t*ts’,” Ulrika penned.    “Strange, really, when you think these men presumably have two of their own adorning their cowardly, pathetic chests. “And to think this is 2022. Quite what the issue with breasts is I’ll never know. We all have them. “And Florence looked the epitome of beauty, class and purity, showing and owning what is biologically and physiologically hers,” she wrote in her column for The Sun. Ulrika then went on to describe Florence as a “proud young woman” and that the next generation “could do worse than to have Florence as a role model”.      Ulrika also spoke about the ongoing #Freethenipple campaign is a “cause close to her heart”. The Gladiators star then described how her own breasts had been through “quite the journey”. Ulrika has previously voiced how she “detested” her breasts when she was younger. The presenter struggled with a chest size of 36L after she developed at a late age.  READ MORE... Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [LATEST] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] Joanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason [NEWS]     She spoke about how the new size made her feel “vulnerable” and “exposed”, even admitting she felt too insecure to wear low-cut tops when she appeared on Lorraine a couple of years ago. At the age of 41, she made the drastic decision to get a breast reduction and has referred to it as “one of the best decisions she ever made”. Meanwhile Florence, who spoke out against the criticism directed towards her body, told her Instagram followers that it had been “interesting” to watch “just how easy it is for men to totally destroy a woman’s body, publicly, proudly, for everyone to see”. Responding to rude and sexist remarks about her outfit, she wrote: “It isn’t the first time and certainly won’t be the last time a woman will hear what’s wrong with her body by a crowd of strangers.     “What’s worrying is just how vulgar some of you men can be. “#F******FreeTheF******Nipple,” she added defiantly. Florence’s fellow actors, including Jessica Chastain and Bridgerton’s Regé-Jean Page, have also spoken up in defence of the Little Women star.  