Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous is on Netflix and the animated series forms part of the Jurassic Park franchise. The action-adventure series follows a group of teens who become stranded on Isla Nublar. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether there will be a season six. The series made its Netflix debut in September 2020 and it went down a huge hit with fans. Season five, made up of 12 episodes, has just arrived and fans are keen to know if the teens will ever make it off the island. Sadly, the story will come to an official end this season as series five is the final outing. Showrunner Scott Kreamer has spoken out about how the final season will trump all the others. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star "In this final season, our Camp Fam will be challenged like never before. "They will face new threats, dinosaurs and otherwise. Relationships will be tested, bonds will be broken, and in some cases, changed forever. "It's all been leading up to this. Even after everything our heroes have struggled to overcome over the course of the series, the odds against survival have never been greater, the danger has never been more real and the stakes have never been higher," he told Entertainment Weekly. The season five trailer says: "Every moment, every discovery, every escape... has led to this." The final season of Camp Cretaceous ties in with the final film, Jurassic World: Dominion. The two were expected to cross over and a clue in the final season has made this link clear. The teens come across a Barbasol can that Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight) used to try and smuggle dinosaur embryos out of the island for the mysterious Lewis Dodgson. Dennis dropped the can when he was attacked by a dinosaur and it got buried in the mud. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Sandra Flaherty not Liv's mother as past exposed [THEORY] Jane McDonald stunned as she visits Elvis Presley's home [VIDEO]Richard Dreyfuss snubbed by Steven Spielberg over Jurassic Park role [INSIGHT] Campbell Scott will play Lewis in the upcoming film and the character is the head of Biosyn. The season's official synopsis says: "The arrival of Kenji's father, Mr Kon, renews hope of a rescue for the campers. "But as the nefarious plans of Mantah Corp. come into focus and one of the Camp Fam turns on their own, the others must band together if they want to save the dinosaurs and ever make it home." The end of season four confirmed Kenji's (Ryan Potter) dad, Mr Kon (Andrew Kishino), is the head of Mantah Corp. Mantah is a rival genetics company of InGen and Biosyn. They have been secretly performing tests on dinosaurs on a hidden island. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series ending. @ArtKent_18 said: "#CampCretaceous season 5 was a satisfying ending and the connections it had with Dominion were also very nice to see. "Pretty happy with this ending." @BrentKappel added: "#CampCretaceous is a beautiful addition to the Jurassic universe. With some of the best characters the series has to offer. "Season 5 let’s them all shine and does a great job of bringing this part of their story to a close. Thank you."   Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous is on Netflix now.