Flowers can be planted all year round with colourful varieties to suit every season. While cold winters and mild summers are familiar conditions for British gardeners, “extreme heat” and red weather warnings are lesser-known occurrences in the UK. While drought-tolerant plants will thrive in the hot weather, is it really the best time to add new flowers to the garden? Here’s what you need to know about planting flowers in a heatwave. The scorching hot weather has left many gardeners concerned about their garden, with some plants struggling to survive the unusually high temperatures. Lawn care, weeding routines, and even pruning tasks are all quick to change when the heat of summer sets in, but what does it mean for planting fresh flowers? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Colin Gray, Managing Director at Lavender Green Gardens said: “It can be done, but it's not guaranteed to work.” READ MORE: Dying man's disgust at new council house's 'unusable' garden He explained that while it is possible to fill up empty pots, beds, and borders in the heat, it is essential to get the basics right if you want to be successful. Planting at the right time of day in hot weather can make or break your plants' survival. Just as timing is important when it comes to watering your plants, the same applies to planting in a heatwave. Mr Gray recommended doing this in the morning or evening, but never in the midday sun. Ideal conditions for adding new plants to your garden would be on a cloudy day when the weather is still warm. It’s not just the technique or timing that should be chosen carefully while planting in a heatwave. Choosing the right varieties for the weather conditions is also essential to give your flowers the best chance. Mr Gray recommended perennials or grasses that have already been in the soil in pots. This is beneficial as it means that they have had time to acclimatise to the heat at least a little before being buried in hot soil. DON'T MISS:3 of the best trailing plants for your summer hanging basket [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton includes subtle nod to Diana as she photographs Camilla [ANALYSIS]Can plants burn in the summer sun? How to protect your garden [REVEAL] Once you’ve made your decision on what to plant, it’s time to master the warm-weather planting technique. It comes as no surprise that lots of water is needed to help flowers cope in the heat, but exactly how much do you need? Mr Gray said: “I would suggest submerging the entire pot into a bucket of water to give it a big drink before you put it into the ground. “Make sure the soil is wet then cover with a little mulch to protect the plant and keep moisture in.” Once the flowers are in the ground, don’t forget to keep watering the planting site. Mr Gray explained: “The initial stages of any plant's life when it enters the ground is an important one. “Water regularly, but first feel the soil and if it's already very damp then leave it as you can just as easily overwater!”