Emma Moorse had wanted to lose weight for a long time but could never find the right time or tools to begin her weight loss journey. But after seeking help from an expert, she managed to drop over a stone (7kg) before her family holiday. But how did she do it? Emma, who lives in Poole, Dorset, knew exactly what she wanted to change about herself. For years her goals were to lose weight, have more energy and to generally feel healthier in herself - body and mind alike. But like many people out there, she admitted she always struggled. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I wanted to lose weight since returning to my desk based job after maternity leave four years ago but have always struggled," she said. "Adding on two lockdowns, juggling full time working with two young children made this even harder finding the time, meal planning, and motivation to exercise." With the warmer weather on the way, Emma worried about wearing summer clothes and decided she had to do something about it. "I was struggling to fit into clothes and worried about summer approaching which would be more sociable this year," she said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But that wasn't the only factor that gave Emma that wake-up call she needed. She added: "We also booked our first family holiday later this year and I decided that would be the turning point back in March." So she sought help from a personal trainer to support her along the way and she hasn't looked back since. And thanks to a new exercise routine and nutrition plan, she managed to drop over a stone in no time at all. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Emma learnt what she should and shouldn't limit eating in order to stick to a balanced diet and incorporated more protein into her daily meals. She also used Trimbella, a complete low-calorie meal replacement shake designed for women. They contain all-natural ingredients and multiple vitamins and minerals which are optimised for women. "Since starting with Hannah and using Trimbella, I’ve felt so much healthier physically and mentally," Emma beamed.