Manchester United insiders have reportedly raised suspicions about Cristiano Ronaldo after the 37-year-old waited until after he had been paid a six-figure bonus to tell club chiefs that he wanted to leave this summer. Ronaldo joined United for a second time last August but looks set to turn his back on the 13-time Premier League champions for good after their failure to secure Champions League football. Ronaldo enjoyed an incredible career at Old Trafford during the early part of his career as he helped the club win three Premier League titles, the Champions League and the Club World Cup before moving to Real Madrid. But following a three-year spell with Juventus, the Red Devils paid £12.8million to take him back to Old Trafford. The Portugal international bagged 24 goals in 38 games during his first season back in England. But he often cut a frustrated figure on the pitch as United flattered to deceive time and time again. And his time at Old Trafford could now be up once and for all. According to The Sun, Ronaldo hit the jackpot as soon as the second year of his contract began at the start of this month as he was handed a bonus payment which ran “well into six figures.” And just days later he told United that he wanted to move on. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez “The contracts all renew at the start of July and then the news about Cristiano wanting to leave came out,” an Old Trafford insider told the publication. “He’s done nothing wrong, but a few people have suggested the timing of it all might not be a coincidence and Ronny could have revealed his wish to leave weeks ago.” Ronaldo reportedly earned £900,000 a week at Juventus and agreed to take a near 50 per cent pay cut to return to Manchester. But United handed him a contract that included annual bonuses.  Insiders claim the superstar’s windfall is not a loyalty clause outright and includes image rights and payouts for hitting goalscoring targets. But the timing of Ronaldo’s request to leave, certainly raised eyebrows. Ronaldo’s United team-mates jetted off to Thailand to begin their summer tour on Friday before they head to Australia. But the blockbuster forward has been given permission to stay at home, with the club citing a family issue for his absence. And it is understood the club are now willing to listen to offers for the player. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it 