Temperatures in the daytime are peaking at 33C in parts of the south east by tomorrow, and potentially rising to 36C by next Monday, July 18. Those looking forward to a bit of a breeze at sunset may be sorely disappointed this week. But it comes as no surprise that there will be little relief when the sun goes down as the UK is set to be hotter than Los Angeles and Greece this week. According to the Met Office, the hottest nights this week will be tonight (July 11) and tomorrow.  In Greater London, temperatures will still be sitting comfortably at 29C by 7pm, only slightly dropping to 24C by midnight. On Tuesday night, temperatures will be around the same - but one degree cooler. On Wednesday, the night time temperature drop will only be marginal until 10pm when the first break in the sweltering heat will be felt. Before midnight, the mercury will start to decrease to 21C, which is still hot for the time of night, but far cooler than the evenings prior.  A similar pattern can be seen across much of the south, South East, East and the Midlands. The extreme heat has not gone unnoticed by the authorities who have issued a level 3 amber heat health alert for the South East and East, where temperatures are expected to be at the highest. People are warned to turn their attention to vulnerable neighbours, family members and friends, along with taking extra precautions themselves to stay hydrated and cool. The alert is in place until this Friday, though it is under constant review.  READ MORE: Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK While the heat will be less intense by the end of the week, people will still be basking in temperatures of around 20C by 7pm on both nights. By next weekend, temperatures are set to skyrocket once again, potentially topping 36C - prolonging the current heatwave. There is no definitive timeframe for when this humidity will cease, but senior meteorologist Jim Dale at British Weather Services has predicted thunderstorms could be arriving in the south in under 10 days. In the meantime, tips for keeping cool at night range from keeping curtains and blinds closed in the day to stop the sun from heating up bedrooms to having a lukewarm shower before bed. DON'T MISS:  Lifeline for millions in Red Wall as fracking return to slash bills [REVEAL] New Tempest fighter jet to give Britain ‘unassailable lead’ [INSIGHT] MoD sparks fears as 'nuclear warheads' driven down UK motorway [SPOTLIGHT] Sleep expert Alison Jones also said keeping the head and feet cool will help to regulate the body’s temperature. She also said switching bedding to lighter tog duvets will help. As well as the material, Jones added the colour of the bedding can also have an impact with lighter colours such as “light blues and pinks” the most effective. 