The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly keen on moving into Adelaide Cottage on the Queen's 665-acre Windsor estate this summer. The move would mean the Cambridge family would be closer to the Queen as William begins to take on more royal duties as the 96-year-old Monarch steps back from public life. As they prepare for the move, it has been reported that the couple are "looking forward" to moving to Windsor. An unnamed source told US Weekly: "The whole family are extremely excited to be moving to Windsor. "Not just because it will bring them closer to the Queen but it's a perfect happy medium that brings them closer to London than if they chose to settle full-time in Berkshire or Amner Hall". The insider added: "They'll still get to enjoy those locations, of course, but by being in Windsor they're only 20 miles from Central London and Buckingham Palace. "And it's a beautiful environment that's steeped in history and such a special location to call home". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's new Netflix plot after Jubilee 'crashed and burned' The couple are also "happy" that their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis will "get to spend more time with Queen Elizabeth II". The source continued: "They'll soak up as much knowledge as they can for the future". The video also stated that the family has been out having fun with the royals being spotted at the All England club on July 10 to watch the Wimbledon Championships Men's Final. It added that Kate and William, who have frequently been in the stands during tournaments over the years, decided to bring their son, Prince George, 8, along to watch the match. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' DON'T MISS Their move to Windsor comes after the Queen took up full-time residence at Windsor Castle earlier this year. Another royal insider previously told the Daily Mail the relocation is because William wants to be closer to the Queen as he continues taking on extra royal duties. Another source told The Sun the family is keen on a "modest home" with Grade II*-listed Adelaide Cottage fitting the bill. Speaking to OK! magazine, royal expert Katie Nicholl said: "As well as moving to Windsor, George, Charlotte, and Louis are all set to enroll at brand new schools, which is understandably a daunting concept." READ NEXT: