The shooting is thought to have broken out in Boom Island Park in Minnesota before midnight last night, according to unofficial groups run by residents to monitor crime and police activity. A woman was reportedly shot in the neck. This is the third shooting to have taken place over July 4. The incident took place as people gathered to watch fireworks late at night to celebrate the Fourth of July holiday. Crime monitoring group MN Crime, which describes itself as "a multimedia public safety information network", tweeted: "MINNEAPOLIS: Report of shooting in Boom Island Park - Officers are now on scene with a female victim who has a gunshot wound to the right arm. "A male victim arrived at HCMC [Hennepin County Medical Center], who was reportedly struck at Boom Island while watching fireworks. "Officers found casings in the parking lot. "Suspect vehicle is a silver truck, unknown plate or direction. "Police have located a third victim related to the gunfire at Boom Island. "A fourth victim who just arrived at Abbott Northwestern hospital is also believed to be related."  Another group, called "2nd Pct Minneapolis Crime Watch & Information" posted a similar account of events, saying: "Report of a shooting at Boom Island Park. Developing. "23:31. Police arrived, a black female is shot in the arm. "Another male victim, unknown injury. Possibly a third victim. Police found casings. "Police located the third victim near Plymouth Ave near Hall Island Park. "A sliver or gray SUV is the suspect vehicle and it was doing donuts in the parking lot prior to the shots. Police found .45, 9mm and live rounds all over the place. "Gunshot victims showed up at Abbott and HCMC. Sounding like 5 total victims so far. "The victim at Abbott is a Somali female shot in the neck. She's being transported to HCMC." Earlier in the weekend, six people were killed in a mass shooting at an Independence Day parade in Highland Park, Illinois. Spectators were shot at by a gunman using a high-powered rifle. He fired the shorts from a nearby roof. Just hours later, two police officers were wounded in a shooting in Philadelphia during a Fourth of July fireworks display. A suspect was killed and 11 others were injured in the incident. Speaking yesterday, US President Joe Biden said he was "shocked by the senseless gun violence that has yet again brought grief to an American community on this Independence Day." Vice president Kamala Harris said the Illinois shooting was "an unmistakable reminder that more should be done to address gun violence in our country." UPDATES TO FOLLOW... 