After a wave of resignations rocked Boris Johnson’s premiership, the Prime Minister appears to be on the edge of his premiership and to have no alternative but to resign. A way out that has been laid out for him is to call a snap election. However, a pollster argues, even in that scenario, Boris Johnson and the Conservative Party would face a fatal defeat. When asked whether Boris Johnson should call a snap election, Mr Skinner said: "Well, it would be maybe a surprising choice given where the conservatives are in the polls. It’s difficult to estimate exactly what would happen but you’d think at the way they are at the moment they’d certainly be looking at losing their majority. "But of course, we’re not in an election period now#. We know that the public can kind of react differently if an election is actually called. But at the moment,  the Conservatives have a lot of trouble. "Boris Johnson’s personal rating, we know, is poor. Seven in 10 are dissatisfied with the way that he’s doing his job. And around six in 10 of Conservative voters think he should resign. But the Conservatives’ problems aren’t just about his personal ratings. They’re also about their own brand, their own ratings – the Conservative brand ratings have been getting worse." Mr Skinner said: "They’re falling on things like whether they’re fit to govern. And of course, they’ve got great big issues like the economy and the cost of living to deal with." On whether he could pull a Houdini and get the public to swing back his way, Mr Skinner reflected on the opposition’s stance. "So, it’s true that Labour themselves have got their own issue. Keir Starmer has reduced a lot of the negativity that was there before under some of his predecessors. But he hasn’t replaced It with a great deal of positive enthusiasm. "He’s kind of in an average position at the moment. He’s not where, say, David Cameron or Tony Blair were when they were successful opposition leaders. So, he certainly has some way to go in terms of building enthusiasm for the Labour party – around about half say they don’t know what he stands for. READ MORE:Boris meets Queen before shock Gove sacking "But it’s still the case that Labour are ahead and Keir Starmer is ahead on many metrics as well as voting intentions. Certainly, some of them are down as much to Conservatives weakness and Labour strength. But Labour are ahead on many of those issues", Mr Skinner said. "He also claims that who stands a better chance to become the next Prime Minister and Conservative leader is up for grabs as “it is a pretty open race. "If you look at the public as a whole, then Rishi Sunak and right behind him, Sajid Javid probably have the most favourable ratings. And amongst Conservative voters, they tend to have the most favourable ratings." However, he stressed voters in his favour would still be a minority of the UK electorate "They have a reasonable number of negative ratings. They have lots of don’t knows and for Rishi Sunak, his ratings are certainly nowhere where they were during his honeymoon period at the beginning of the pandemic." DON'T MISS:Boris blasted for ‘irresponsible’ sacking of Gove [REPORT]Matt Hancock dismisses claims of leadership bid [REPORT]Boris Johnson on the brink of snap election [REPORT] "And then for many of the other contenders, it’s sort of a question of people don’t really have strong views about them," Mr Skinner added. Other candidates propelled up to throw their hats in the ring in case of a leadership contest are Deputy Prime Minister Dominique Raab and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. The 1922 Committee will hold an election on Monday to choose the new executive that could ultimately decide Boris Johnson's fate. They could change the party’s rules that same day to allow for another confidence vote and force out Boris Johnson if he fails to step down until then. READ NEXT:Boris braces for 'humiliating' confidence vote loss but PM battles onGB News: Stanley Johnson slams ‘Westminster witch hunt’Attorney General calls on Boris to quit and throws hat into leadershipAlastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers MorganI adored Boris but it’s over, says CAROLE MALONE