This week’s Countryfile explored the risks avian flu currently has on the UK’s wild birds, with the disease now wreaking havoc across the isles. For instance, nature body NatureScot has implored visitors to avoid over 20 small Scottish islands, including Orkney and Shetland, to try and prevent the spread. BBC presenter Tom Heap visited a chicken farm in Scotland just a stone’s throw away from a recent outbreak, to hear firsthand the devastating impact an outbreak could have on farmers. Tom told Countryfile viewers: “Last winter and spring this year, more than 100 wild geese were found dead after a suspected bird flu outbreak at the Loch Leven National Nature Reserve, north of Edinburgh. “Just three miles away, poultry farmer Jimmy Smith has nearly 40,000 hens to protect. “And he’s taking biosecurity pretty seriously,” Tom added as Jimmy could be seen watching him arrive at his farm over CCTV. As Tom approached the heavily-guarded farm, he said to the camera: “Well the gates and signs make it pretty clear.” READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Tom then arrived at the gate and spotted an orange container filled with anti-bacterial liquid. “Hi Jimmy, I can see what I have to do here,” he said as he dipped his shoes into the liquid. Tom then asked Jimmy: “So the biosecurity matters for people as well as birds flying over?” “Very much,” Jimmy said as the pair made their way inside the grounds. “It’s anything to control bird flu that can come in through transmission. “It’s a restricted site and only the people who are collecting the hens or delivering the feed are allowed in, along with the vets and the nutritionist.” Tom probed: “So I guess, I could have walked somewhere where a wild bird has pooped and that’s the thing?” “Absolutely,” Jimmy confirmed. “And that’s the idea about doing the feet dip is that you’re dealing with the contamination on the boots.” Examining the strict warning signs and high fences, Tom commented: “Yeah, I can see you’ve got fences around here and that’s the spray for the vehicles over there.” DON'T MISS:Helen Skelton confirms new role away from BBC's CountryfileITV Tory leadership debate figures trumped by Countryfile 'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage A demo then showed a lorry being sprayed with the liquid as Jimmy explained: “So all the vehicles that come in go over to that spray and that deals with the bird flu.” Keen to hear what impact avian flu would have on Jimmy’s farm should it arrive, Jimmy told Tom: “If we had bird flu and it was confirmed after testing here, our entire flock would be destroyed. “In monetary terms? Probably just under £200,000,” Jimmy said, prompting a surprised reaction from Tom. However, despite the seemingly strict protocols in place, a number of Countryfile viewers spotted the gate behind Tom and Jimmy was left wide open throughout their chat. And it didn’t go unnoticed as Twitter user, Guy Dowsett, quipped: “Does everything possible to keep bird flu out, then walks off leaving the gate open #countryfile.” Mary Wood also spotted the mishap, tweeting: “Isn't the first rule of the countryside to close the gate behind you? #Countryfile.” While Dylan Roberts weighed in: “High Security chicken farm. But, left the gate open #countryfile.” Others commented on the hard-hitting nature of Tom’s segment, with @philwithy69 remarking: “You just know it's bad news when Tom appears - can't they give him a nice cheerful story for a change? #countryfile.” (sic) Countryfile airs Sundays on BBC One.