The new Cadbury chocolate bar has a "flowing tropical pineapple flavoured centre". After spotting an image online of the 180g concoction, fans were quick to proclaim that the "original" Dairy Milk is the best. Lucy Peck said: "Pineapple doesn’t taste good on anything or even on its own." Katherine Joyce put: "Just plain Dairy milk for me please". Jonathan Morgan wrote: "That’s going to get the world record for least shoplifted chocolate in the UK." But Helen Cooke added: "I’d give that a go". And another said: "Hot pineapple dipped in chocolate just beautiful, but ONLY if you like pineapple." Cadbury Dairy Milk Tropical Pineapple is currently available on Amazon UK for £7.29. Cat Lady58 wrote on Amazon: "A bit too sweet for me." metalhip added: "Always a difficult flavour to get right but it's not too bad, although I'm not desperate for another one". While Ms Cashmore said: "It doesn’t taste like pineapples- maybe it’s been stored too long".     Retailer B&M sparked a Facebook debate on July 15 when they posted: "You know it's summer when even chocolate bars get fruity! This NEW offering from Cadbury has flown into store now - and begs the question; Pineapple on chocolate - yes or no!?" The post was accompanied by a photo of the Dairy Milk Tropical Pineapple bar and so far almost 600 people have since commented. Melanie Tilson wrote: "I'm a huge chocolate fan, but this sounds wrong." "As wrong as pineapple on a pizza!!!!" said Pete Godwin. Jackie Nulty added: "Pineapple belongs on pizza not in chocolate!" Last year, Cadbury launched its first ever plant-based chocolate bar - Cadbury Plant Bar, which is available in both smooth chocolate and smooth chocolate with salted caramel pieces. The two new chocolate bars, which have been available to buy since November 2021, are made with a blend of cocoa, almond paste, and rice extract, to deliver delicious chocolate with a smooth texture. Accompanying the announcement Cadbury issued an apology to all plant-based eaters across the UK, saying: "Dear plant-based Britain, we’re sorry. Sorry it’s taken this long. Sorry it seemed like we weren’t listening to your calls. Sorry for not being able to respond to the rumours. And sorry for all the other chocolate you’ve had to eat while you waited. "We simply wanted it to be perfect. And, just as with plants, perfection takes time. But the Cadbury Plant Bar is finally ready. A delicious smooth chocolate without the ‘glass and a half’. We hope you’ll agree it was worth the wait."