Her Majesty has been on the throne for over 70 years, yet some Brits would still fail to recognize the long reigning monarch. One year, the monarch was almost refused entry to the Windsor Horse Show when a guard didn’t know who the 96-year-old royal was.   The Queen has been attending the annual show since childhood as the event is held right next Windsor Castle. However, 30 years ago the mother of four was met by a surprising refusal as the guard told her: “Sorry love, you can’t come in without a sticker.” The Queen was unfazed and replied: “I think if you check, I will be allowed to come in!” Sure enough, the Queen was allowed to enter the show. The amusing incident took place 30 years ago in 1991, according to Hello! Magazine. The guard was later interviewed and admitted he thought Her Majesty was just “some old dear who had gotten lost”.  This is not the first time the Queen has been overlooked, according to her former protection officer Richard Griffin, who worked for the Queen for over 30 years. In August 2019, a group of American tourists failed to recognise the Queen as she went for a walk near Balmoral Castle. Her majesty was wearing a headscarf and tweed clothes, which is unlike her usual colourful outfits. The tourists asked her if she had ever met the Queen, to which she replied: “No, but this policeman has” and gestured towards Mr Griffin. READ MORE:Helen Mirren broke down in tears over 'terrible' wardrobe on The Queen Amusingly enough, the Queen has explained why she always wears colourful clothing, as she has said: “I can’t wear beige because people won’t know who I am.” These anecdotes were discovered by Thomas Blaikie, a journalist for The Lady magazine. Mr Blaikie has collected many tales from Britain’s most famous family. He has published them in his book What A Thing To Say To The Queen: A Collection Of Royal Anecdotes From The House Of Windsor. DON'T MISS: Queen set for income boost as Duchy of Lancaster estate brings in £24m [REPORT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle reconcile with her father? [POLL]Queen Elizabeth's favourite hobby when in Scotland every summer [INSIGHT] The book contains many amusing stories and gives the British public more insight into the Queen’s personality. For example, the book explains that the Queen has the eccentric hobby of collecting pepper grinders. Her favourite shaker was given to her by a friend, and is a plastic waiter which screams “you’re breaking my neck!” when the head is turned. Another interviewee also says the Queen carries with her good luck charms from her children in her handbag, which include dogs, horses and family photos. Her handbag is also always with her during public events, as she uses it as a signalling device. Placed on the table means she wishes to leave in five minutes. 