The building society has a range of savings accounts, fixed bonds and ISAs offering competitive rates. From July 16, its customers will see some of these savings rates increase. Tipton Building Society is increasing the rate on its 30 day ISA from 0.95 to 1.15 percent. It’s also upping the savings rate on its Premier Reward 30 account from 0.90 to 1.10 percent on savings up to £25,000 and from 1.05 to 1.30 percent on savings above £25,000. Furthermore, it also offers a five-year fixed rate bond giving 2.50 percent interest on savings up to £100,000. The Tipton and Coseley Building Society was founded in 1901 and is situated in the West Midlands. READ MORE: Cost of living payment may hit your bank account from today Jason Newsway, sales and marketing director at the Tipton and Coseley Building Society said the building society hoped these increases would help during the cost of living crisis. He said: “Our range of savings accounts have proved popular with customers who want to put some of their hard earned savings away in these tough economic times'. The Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee voted to increase the Bank of England base rate from one to 1.25 percent in June. Further rises are expected as the Bank of England predicts inflation could hit 11 percent by the end of 2022. DON'T MISSMassive changes coming to PIP payments - will you be affected? [ALERT]'Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [ALERT]NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you increase your chance of winning top prize? [INSIGHT] The UK economy rebounded in May after shrinking in April and March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). However, people need to make the most of their savings and ensure they are getting the best rate. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis recently reminded everyone with a savings account to check how much interest they are making on it. Anyone who is receiving less than 1.5 percent should shop around to see if they could boost it. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions:15 groups of people qualify for free prescriptions Britons can also make extra money by switching their current account. They will need to use the Current Account Switching Service to benefit from the cash bonus. Typically, they usually need to switch at least two direct debits and pay a certain amount every month. A woman from Lancashire recently told Express.co.uk how she made more than one thousand pounds by being a “serial switcher” and swapping bank accounts.  The current top five bank accounts for switching offers are: