Prince William, 40, attended university in the early 2000s, however, had to use a different name whilst studying to appear low-key. The Prince, second-in-line to the throne, is now known as the Duke of Cambridge. However, at the University of St Andrews, William chose to use a more ordinary name around his peers.  The royal life is often a very public one, with the public and the media taking an interest in every element of their lives. This means they are also under scrutiny most of the time. Royals have had to develop ways to deal with this particular when they are interacting with the public who might treat them differently if they were aware of their royal background. This is something that Prince William figured out fairly young. READ MORE: Kate Middleton bans nanny from using certain word around children While attending university in Scotland, the Duke of Cambridge apparently abandoned his name for a time to remain incognito and inconspicuous. The name he decided on was incredibly ordinary and certainly would not draw unwanted attention. Following a gap year, William attended the University of St Andrews in 2001. Although registered officially as ‘William Wales’ the Prince decided to disguise himself and went by the name Steve.  The name apparently helped the famous royal remain relatively under the radar while at university. He eventually graduated in 2005 with a Master's degree in geography. William had a great four years at university, as this was where he met his future wife, Kate Middleton. The pair lived together during their time at university and grew from friends to being in a relationship. READ MORE: Prince George's appearance at key event sent 'important message to UK' William finally proposed in 2010 and he tied the knot with Kate the following year on April 29. Due to the media leaving the Duke alone during his university years, William was able to garner long-lasting friendships and nurture his romantic relationship, away from the eyes of the world. William’s nickname ‘Steve’ undoubtedly helped with this. However, the name did not seem to stick after he left St Andrews.  But William has got another nickname that was given to him by his mother Princess Diana. Princess Diana used to call him 'wombat'. In an NBC interview in 2007, William admitted to being stuck with the name, saying “I can’t get rid of it now”. He added: “It began when I was two. “I’ve been rightfully told because I can’t remember back that far, but when we went to Australia with our parents, and the wombat, you know, that’s the local animal, so I just basically got called that, not because I look like a wombat, or maybe I do.” 