Aerosmith drummer Joey Kramer's wife Linda Kramer has died aged 55. Linda died on Wednesday, with her death being confirmed in an obituary in the Boston Herald. It read: "Linda loved Joey deeply and his well-being and happiness were her top priority. "She loved her family and especially her nieces and nephews." One day before her death, Linda took to Twitter to wish her husband of 13 years a happy 72nd birthday. She penned: "Happy Birthday to the Love Of My LIFE !! READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello  "You are the most amazing man with the biggest heart I know I Love U my sweet boy," (sic) alongside heart emojis. Joey and Linda married in 2009 with the drummer calling her "the love of his life". In March this year, Joey announecd that he wouldn't be joining Aerosmith as they relaunched their Deuces Are Wild residency in Las Vegas. He cited family for his "temporary leave of absence".  A statement made to USA Today read: "He has regrettably made the decision to sit out the band's concerts in 2022 so he can focus his full attention on his family during these uncertain times "He and the band look forward to his future performances with Aerosmith." However, their residency was cancelled when lead singer Steven Tyler faced a relapse in his sobriety afte a surgery. In a statement shared on Instagram, the band announced: "As many of you know, our beloved brother Steven has worked on his sobriety for many years. DON'T MISS...Kate Bush's £2.5m home hangs off cliff and risks falling into the sea [UPDATE]Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [ANALYSIS]Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [INSIGHT] "After foot surgery to prepare for the stage and the necessity of pain management during the process, he has recently relapsed and voluntarily entered a treatment program to concentrate on his health and recovery. "We are truly sorry to inform our fans and friends that we must cancel our first set of Las Vegas Residency dates this June and July while he focuses on his well-being," it added , before promising further updates. Following the heartbreaking news, fans of the musician took to social media to share their condolences. Radio host Eddie Trunk wrote: "Shocked to hear that Linda Kramer, wife of @Aerosmith drummer @joeykramer has passed away at just 55. "Joey and Linda have always been very cool to me and wonderful people and this is beyond sad. Condolences to Joey and their family and friends. RIP." Twitter user @heartsdonetime commented: "Saddened to hear about Linda Kramer’s @MrsKramedog passing, sending so much love, condolences and prayers to Joey Kramer and his family." Linda is survived by her husband, her parents, her three sisters, her stepson, her stepsiblings and nieces and nephews.