On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Martin Roberts visited a property in Mountain Ash, Wales. The end of terrace property, which had an auction guide price of £37,000 had two bedrooms and a garden. On entering the home, the ground floor consisted of just one room - an open-plan kitchen/diner/living space. Downstairs, the property needed some small upgrades. The kitchen needed modernising and the walls needed a fresh coat of paint. One of the home’s redeeming features was an original stone fireplace and staircase which Martin said he loved. Upstairs, there were two bedrooms, however, their layout was unusual. READ MORE: 'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower In order to reach the second smaller bedroom, the homeowner would have to walk through the master bedroom. The bathroom was small but in relatively good condition. Martin said the box room could be knocked through to create a large master bedroom and bathroom. However, this would make the property a one bedroom home which would decrease its value and make it less appealing to buyers.  DON'T MISSPippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]Dying man's disgust at new council house's 'unusable' garden [ANALYSIS] The small garden meant the property had room to be extended. The property was bought at auction by Lusim who had a winning bid of £35,000. Lusim worked and lived in Cardiff where he was a baker. The homeowner planned to add an extension to the back of the property, but hoped to seek advice first. He had a budget of £15,000 and was planning to sell the house once he completed his renovation work. Five months later, the Homes Under the Hammer team visited Lusim to see how the project was getting on. Surprisingly, no work had been done to the house but Lusim had managed to sell it for a staggering £54,000 - £19,000 over what he originally paid. Lusim had received a phone call from the estate agent who told him someone was interested in buying the property.  The agent said the interested party wanted to buy the property in its original state. Lusim didn’t accept the first offer on the property but accepted the second offer of £54,000. Local estate agents valued the home at £45,000 to £50,000 in June 2019. Homes Under the Hammer can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.