Zoya Shumanska was about to fly to Bulgaria on Tuesday afternoon, July 19, to visit her parents when she discovered that her house was on fire. The mum-of-two received a call from her nanny to tell her that a fire had broken out near the family's house on Ballards Road in Dagenham, east London. The 32-year-old's husband Lyuben Velov, 34, drove home to find a fire in the garden, but was prevented from entering the house by police. Zoya told My London: "Its like a movie. I still can’t believe it’s real. We lost absolutely everything - 12 years of life, all our savings, our photos, documents, hard drives, laptops, my car. Everything." She added: "All we have is we are alive and safe, our dog is safe, the three bags I packed for the kids and the clothes on my husband and his car. Nothing is left from the house. My husband doesn't even have documents and IDs as they are all in the house”. Zoya and Lyuben's pets, their dog Mia and two cats Muti and Michelle were in the house at the time. Lyuben bravely broke into the house and managed to save the family dog but their two cats are still unaccounted for. In a desperate appeal for help finding them, she said: "He [Lyuben] managed to get in through the garden and break the back door just to save our dog but was not able to find the cats. "As all the streets were closed he did manage to get closer to our house but the fire was already on our doorstep. "The police stopped him after he broke in. That's why he couldn't get the cats."  Zoya and her two sons, aged two and seven, are currently staying in Bulgaria with family, while her husband is in London staying with friends. Black smoke poured into the sky in Dagenham as the fire burned in a residential area where several houses were destroyed as 15 fire engines and 100 firefighters worked to stop the flames. The blaze - on Ballards Road and a number of surrounding roads - involved a wide area of grassland and a range of properties. A range of semi-detached houses on Stratford Close were destroyed. Further semi-detached houses on Boleyn Gardens, Beech Gardens and Farm Close were also damaged or destroyed. An area of parkland of around eight hectares was also damaged and around 25 vehicles were destroyed. One woman and one man were taken to hospital suffering smoke inhalation by London Ambulance Service crews. Around 135 people were evacuated from surrounding properties. A video from the scene in Dagenham shows smoke rising as visible orange flames flicker above garden fences, firefighters and a fire hose also visible as efforts to put out the blaze continue. The fire brigade took more than 70 calls to the incident, which was first attended by crews from from Whitechapel, Leytonstone, Millwall, Clapham and surrounding fire stations at 2.15pm. Borough Commander Paul McClenaghan, who was at the scene, said: "Crews initially attended a significant grass fire which involved multiple seats of fire and also affected a range of buildings and a workshop. "As firefighters were tackling that blaze, the fire was creating additional hotspots of fire which affected sheds and further nearby properties. "A number of properties were evacuated on both sides of the road." It comes as London Fire Brigade (LFB) had one of the most difficult days in its recent history as it battled over a dozen wildfires on the hottest day ever. It declared a major incident as it struggle to cope with the heatwave. Temperatures in London surpassed 40C on July 19 for the first time in history, and emergency services were receiving an unprecedented number of emergency calls. Firefighters are still unaware of the full extent of the damage caused by blazes which affected houses, schools and churches across London, with crews describing scenes as "absolute hell". Residents were being evacuated from their homes and people were rushed to hospital.