Martin Clunes, 60, is in the process of trying to stop plans for a permanent traveller site being built next to his 130-acre Dorset farm. His neighbours, Theo Langton and Ruth McGill, want to build a permanent home on their own land after spending 25 years living in a caravan. Through planning experts Terence O'Rourke, Martin has objected to the plans, saying they are “unsuitable” and “inappropriate”. The neighbours, both artists by profession, have lived on the site since 1997 and have been battling to stay in their home since 2007. They have been in breach of council planning regulation since 2020. In terms of extension plans, they want to add a “touring caravan and very large mobile home” to the property they already have. READ MORE: Kenneth More open on infidelity in marriage: 'I was a terrible flirt' Speaking to The Sun, Theo said: “It's a pitch for our family, that's it. We've no idea what the problem is.” On their relationship to Martin, Ruth said there was no bitterness. She said: “We have a cordial relationship with them. They just don't want to live next to a traveller site.” Martin and his wife, Philippa Braithwaite, 58, bought the large farm in 2007. He has been a familiar face for British TV viewers, appearing in Doc Martin, Men Behaving Badly and Islands of Britain. In June, Martin’s fans noticed his dramatic weight loss. The star explained he was able to lose an incredible three stone in a matter of months, as a result of a special diet. He decided to do something about his weight because he felt unhealthy, and his body was in pain. DON'T MISS... James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST] Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] “I was fat – and while I was getting heavy, I had tired knees and stuff,” he told Mail Online. “So, I thought I’d try that diet and the weight came off. “I lost about three stone in as many months. “It’s great – and it’s supposed to be good for cholesterol, too.” The diet he referred to is the 5:2 diet, which entails intermittent fasting, taking in only 500–600 calories per day two times a week. It is also known as the Fast Diet. In order to maintain his weight loss, Martin said he prefers to ride horses around his farm. He joked that the only bad part about being a farmer is he "stinks".