Christian Horner has claimed debris denied Max Verstappen a “slam dunk” British Grand Prix victory. Verstappen had passed the Ferrari of Carlos Sainz on lap 10 after the Spaniard made an error at Becketts. The Red Bull star was pulling away and looked comfortable before suddenly slowing two laps later after picking up damage. Horner said: “I haven’t seen the debris yet, there was so much going on, a bit of debris out there and unfortunately really unlucky for Max, because I think he would have been a slam dunk today. “But it was a great race. It was an exciting race.” Later on, Horner clarified the issue was caused by a piece of debris dropped by one of the Alpha Tauris. Pierre Gasly and Yuki Tsunoda made contact at Village corner during the opening stages of the race and it is this incident that is believed to have led to Verstappen's issue. Initially thought to be a puncture, Verstappen pitted but the issue didn't go away as the team worked out his floor had also been damaged. READ MORE: Verstappen livid over team radio as Lewis Hamilton leads British GP This led to a “massive loss of downforce” which ended any chances of working his way back through the field. Verstappen came through to finish seventh but was almost pipped on the final lap by the Haas of Mick Schumacher. However, Horner praised Verstappen’s drive, claiming it was still one of the best of his career considering the circumstances. He explained: “We just work with him and you know with Max you’re getting 110 per cent every lap. “And he’s frustrated because the car’s not able to do what it was able to do a few laps previously. DON'T MISSVerstappen was blasted as 'brash kid' who 'didn’t give a damn' [COMMENT]Ferrari boss hoping for Hamilton favour to down Verstappen title hopes [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko accuses Charles Leclerc of hampering Max Verstappen [ANALYSIS] “But he recalibrates pretty quickly and he got every ounce out of the performance when you look at the amount of downforce that he was missing today, that was right up there with one of his best drives. He was fighting as hard for seventh as if it was a win and I think that every point counts at the end of this Championship, and who knows, that might just be the difference by the time we get to the end of the year.” Verstappen said P7 was a “good result considering the damage” he had on the car, admitting it was a “handful”. He added: “I had a look at the car during the red flag and the whole of the underneath on the left-hand side was ruptured. “I hit a huge piece of debris; I think it was carbon. As I was driving it felt like a puncture as I had no balance and a lot of oversteer.”