Fraudsters will typically start the conversation with a simple ‘Hello Mum’ or ‘Hello Dad’ message, usually via the platform WhatsApp. They will claim they are texting from a new mobile number, either because their phone was lost or damaged. This is a precursor to the scammer, posing as a person’s child, asking for money. The reasons provided can vary but have included cash for a phone replacement, an urgent bill, or a lost wallet. The criminal then sends over bank details for the unwitting victim to transfer the money over. It is likely the individual will only realise they have been targeted when it is too late, with scammers making off with the person’s hard-earned cash. READ MORE: Pensioners may be eligible for 15 ‘freebies’ from DWP Barclays warned: “If you get a message from friends or family asking for money, give them a call on a number you trust and speak to them before you make any payments.” The National Fraud Intelligence Bureau has now today warned of the continued increase in this type of scam. Between February 3 and June 21, 2022, there were 1,235 reports made to Action Fraud linked to this scam. In total, the losses were devastating, exceeding £1.5million. DON'T MISSState pension age is set to rise to 68 - when will you retire? [LATEST]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [EXCLUSIVE]Pension age changes go ahead - and they could impact your retirement [INSIGHT] The non-profit fraud prevention service, Cifas, is warning people to stop and think carefully before parting with their money or information. It is also key for Britons to check the validity of the sender before responding. If noticing the scam, the best course of action is to delete the message and report it. Amber Burridge, Head of Fraud Intelligence at Cifas, said: “Criminals continue to use a variety of ways to take advantage of people struggling with the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Pensioners may be able to get state pension top up plus £650 boost “The sophistication of cyber-enabled attacks such as phishing and smishing continues to grow. “Once criminals obtain someone’s personal and financial details, it’s likely they will be used to facilitate identity fraud, which accounted for over 60 percent of cases filed to the National Fraud Database last year. “If you are ever asked to provide personal or financial information or supply your documents, then take a moment and think carefully about the consequences of parting with your details. “Remember that only criminals will try to rush or panic you into making a quick decision.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Barclays states anyone who has been contacted on WhatsApp by someone they believe is using a fraudulent number should take action. Individuals can report this to the company, and the bank explained the process. Barclays added: “You do this by tapping the three vertical dots at the top right of the screen in the chat, choose ‘More’ and then ‘Report’. “Once you’ve done that, you can repeat those steps to block the number from contacting you again.”