Nick Kyrgios called for the physio while a set down in his fourth-round match against Brandon Nakashima. The Aussie had been touching his left shoulder and admitted it was "not good" after hitting a serve but did not receive treatment, instead asking for painkillers. Kyrgios had been complaining about his left shoulder during the start of his match against Nakashima, as the world No 40 was broken in the final game of the first set to lose it 6-4 to his American opponent. And the Aussie could be seen touching his shoulder and wincing more frequently early in the second. The 27-year-old called the physio to court, who arrived after Kyrgios managed to break the world No 58 for a 3-1 lead in the second, but the Aussie did not take a medical time out and instead told the trainer: "I just needed some painkillers man." Earier in the set, the former world No 13 had muttered "Nah, it's not good" to himself while BBC commentators admitted he looked like he was struggling with a physical issue. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios and girlfriend Costeen pack on PDA at Wimbledon training  "That shoulder, mentally and physically, is getting worse," Tim Henman said. "Those things always hurt a little bit more when you're behind on the scoreboard too. If you're able to jag a break, I can promise you it will get a little better." But the former quarter-finalist at SW19 has been in good shape since getting the break, producing arguably his best service game after receiving painkillers from the physio as the tablets appeared to work some immediate magic. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic admits son uses Rafael Nadal trick to 'intimidate' himNick Kyrgios' dad scolds Wimbledon officials for double standardsNorrie gives awkward answer to Murray question after making history   But since calling the physio, Kyrgios has gone on to produce six aces en route to taking the second set 6-4. The 27-year-old is aiming to reach his first Grand Slam quarter-final since the 2015 Australian Open, and his first at the All England Club since he upset Rafael Nadal in 2014 as a 19-year-old wildcard ranked outside of the world's top 120.