David Beckham has sent his congratulations to his son after Romeo scored a free-kick reminiscent of his famous father. Beckham senior is celebrated as one of the best free-kick takers of all time, having curled in numerous efforts for England, Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy – and it seems he has passed on the skillset.    Romeo started his football career at Arsenal’s academy but has been given his start at Inter Miami – the club which is part-owned by his father. The 19-year-old is currently playing for the Florida side’s second-string while he develops his game, and that is where his viral free-kick came from. Romeo’s strike came in Inter Miami II's 3-1 win over Orlando City II in the MLS Next Pro League. With his team 2-1 up and the game nearing its end, Romeo took his opportunity to net his first goal for the club when they won a free-kick 25 yards out. He ran up to the ball in a manner which echoed his dad, struck it nicely to get the ball over the wall and into the bottom corner. While it wasn’t a perfect imitation of David Beckham’s style, as he was best known for finding the top corner, it was an eye-catching way to get off the mark.  JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs Arnold and Murtough spotted in Barcelona for De Jong The video has gone viral and Romeo’s father was quick to congratulate him. "Well done mate so proud. First goal in a MIAMI shirt,” Beckham wrote on Instagram. On his Instagram story, Romeo replied: “Love u dad that was for you.” In a post of him in his pink Miami kit, which was put out to his 3.5m Instagram followers, Romeo added: “Feels great to get a win on the road and a goal +3 babbyyyyyy”.  DON'T MISS Man City's Guardiola filmed in exchange with fan chasing him on bike Tottenham fans stunned as Son Heung-min collapses in training drill Chelsea 'sound out' £10m star amid Azpilicueta and Alonso transfers Romeo is not the only son of a former Manchester United player on the books of Inter Miami. Phil Neville is the coach of the first team, who play in MLS, and his son Harvey is a defender for the second team. Romeo, who plays on the right wing just like his dad, signed his first professional contract with the franchise in September. He previously played on loan for Fort Lauderdale and has trained with the Inter Miami first team, which contains some familiar names. Neville’s team contains former Premier League players DeAndre Yedlin, Kieran Gibbs and Brek Shea, as well as former Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain. Miami are struggling in the Eastern Conference this season, sitting in 10th spot having won just six of their 18 games so far. 