Strictly’s AJ Odudu told Express.co.uk she thought about becoming a nun before she opted to become one of the nation’s best loved presenters. In our exclusive chat, the star discussed why it’s so important more young people from diverse backgrounds consider getting into the farming industry. AJ has teamed up with McDonald’s to encourage more young people from different backgrounds to consider a career in the food and farming industry, and challenge misconceptions people may have about these jobs. “The Progressive Young Farmer campaign fits really naturally with one of my own passions – which is the belief that everyone should be able to find a career they really enjoy and should have the opportunity to pursue absolutely any role, regardless of background,” she said. “So, when McDonald’s asked me to support this campaign, which is all about encouraging more young people, from diverse backgrounds to consider a career in the food and farming industry, I jumped at the opportunity!” The star revealed there are “loads” of misconceptions about careers in farming, as lots of young people don’t believe they have the right skills, or that they will find job satisfaction. “But after spending time on a farm recently with some of the McDonald’s Progressive Young Farmers I’ve seen what these careers are really like,” she added. “There are so many diverse and varied roles in food and farming, that there are roles to suit any skillset. “I’ve also learned just how rewarding these jobs can be, with tons of opportunities to progress and develop your skills." And AJ believes it’s so important that people from a diverse range of backgrounds are able to get into the industry. “The farming industry is evolving so fast, and it needs more people with diverse skills to support and drive change,” she said. “The best innovations come from diverse thinking and perspectives, so the talent pipeline into the farming industry has to be more than just people who come from traditional farming backgrounds. “There are loads of opportunities out there for people to take advantage of. Like the McDonald’s ‘Root2Food programme’ which gives young people from non-traditional farming backgrounds experience within the industry – so anyone can get stuck in. “The same goes for TV. Diversity is essential and we need to see it across industries. “It doesn’t matter where you come from or what your background is, if you have a passion for something you should follow it!” AJ has been on our screens for years, most recently taking part in Strictly Come Dancing - topping the leaderboard until she was sadly forced to pull out due to injury. And she always knew she wanted to be a presenter - though she briefly considered joining a convent. “When I was little, we would go to Church and I used to think, what is the quickest way into heaven?” she explained. “Maybe being a nun would guarantee entrance! But I couldn’t get the idea of being a TV presenter out of my head so chose a life of sin instead! “I just loved watching the telly as a kid and how it brought the whole family together, it was so much fun - I just knew I wanted to be on the TV!” She admitted it was “tough” getting into the industry, including the lack of opportunities in the north at the time, and the fact she had to work several jobs to support herself while working for free on television. “But it just makes me so proud of the position I’m in now because it’s something I’ve worked really hard for,” AJ added.