The disgruntled viewer contacted the broadcaster to voice his frustration at the decision to move the HD news online, claiming the process of accessing the daily news had been made "tougher" for users like him. Paul Hetherington filmed his message for BBC Newswatch, listing the steps he would now need to take instead of simply turning on the TV as he does at the moment. He warned of the potential disruption BBC viewers could face should they indeed be required to head online to catch the HD broadcast on the BBC iPlayer. Mr Heatherington said: "I've recently started getting pop-ups from the BBC on the news channel telling me that BBC News HD is soon to be removed to be replaced by just standard definition although I can watch it on the iPlayer if I wish in high definition. "This seems a retrograde step to me. "To get my HD news, I will need to go into the apps, open BBC iPlayer, find the news channel, select live news, and wait for a while for it to load up – assuming I got Internet speed fast enough. "And then get my news." READ MORE: Wielding an axe BBC boss Tim Davie slashes 1,000 jobs He continued: "It's tougher than for everybody else. "Imagine if this were its fourth channel and the World Cup-winning goal had just been scored and you found out two minutes after the rest of the world" The BBC viewer then jokingly added: "By the way, I'm filming this in HD on my phone. "But, of course, if you are watching on the BBC you won't be watching it on HD unless you watch it on iPlayer."  BBC News HD was removed from Freeview at the end of June as part of a transmission change affecting other BBC channels as well. CBeebies HD and BBC Four HD have been temporarily removed as part of a revamp campaign, with the linear version of both channels still available to BBC audiences. Earlier this year, the broadcaster announced plans to move CBBC, BBC Four, and Radio 4 Extra to online-only in an effort to boost focus on the streaming iPlayer service. DON'T MISS:BBC licence fee on brink: Execs admit 'existential' crisis [INSIGHT]Readers fume at ‘completely outdated’ TV licence fee [REACTION]BBC bosses say it's NOT their fault broadcaster out of touch [UPDATE] The plan was unveiled within days of Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries announcing the line fee would be frozen to £159 for the next two years in May. BBC Director-General Tim Davie also confirmed several of the World Service's foreign language channels will also migrate online. BBC News is also expected to merge with the previously-separated BBC World service to create a more global rolling TV news broadcast.