Her Majesty was absent from the Opening Ceremony of the Commonwealth Games held in Birmingham on Thursday evening. Nevertheless, she likely watched the spectacle from her Scottish home in Balmoral, where she spent most of her summers with Prince Philip. From there, royal biographer Robert Hardman said, the Queen must have been "delighted" to see organisers paying homage to the Duke of Edinburgh during one section of the show. Among the themes covered during the grand ceremony was also the automotive industry, which brought Birmingham to fame during the 20th century. To highlight the importance of this industry for England's second city, 72 cars made in Birmingham were driven in the arena - one for each territory taking part in the Games. The red, white and blue cars harmoniously came together to create a giant Union Flag. At its centre stood a Land Rover, a car famously loved by the Duke of Edinburgh, with the plate reading "HRH PP" - His Royal Highness Prince Philip. Recalling this moment from the Opening Ceremony, Mr Hardman wrote in the Daily Mail: "On the back of the Land Rover was the numberplate: HRH PP. "This was a homage to the late Prince Philip, who famously went to his maker last year aboard a very similar vehicle. "Watching it all on telly up at Balmoral, it is safe to say that the Queen must have been delighted. READ MORE: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties "Though absent from the proceedings, her enduring influence was a recurring sight on the giant video screens, from bygone Commonwealth tours right up to her recent Jubilee." The car carried mezzo-soprano Samantha Oxborough, who sang the national anthem accompanied by the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and a choir. Land Rovers have played a key role in paying tribute to Prince Philip since his death. The Duke of Edinburgh's coffin was famously carried from Windsor Castle to St George's Chapel on the day of his funeral on top of a modified Land Rover he designed. Last July, Kate is believed to have paid tribute to Prince Philip by having Prince George sit on a Land Rover as he posed for his yearly birthday portrait, later released to the public. Prince Charles represented his mother, who has been experiencing episodic mobility issues, at the Opening Ceremony. During a poignant moment, he unsealed and read out the Commonwealth Games message the Queen had penned last October and put into the Baton, which has over the past nine months travelled for over 90,000 miles, touching down in all the 72 territories taking part in the event. In her statement, the monarch recalled sending off the Baton from the Gates of Buckingham Palace in early October, during a ceremony attended also by Prince Edward. The message read: "Over the past 294 days, it has carried not only my message to you, but also the shared hopes and dreams of each nation and territory through which it passed, as it made its way to Birmingham. "Over the years, the coming together of so many for the ‘Friendly Games’ has created memorable shared experiences, established long-standing relationships, and even created some friendly rivalries! "But above all, they remind us of our connection with one another, wherever we may be in the world, as part of the Commonwealth family of nations." The Queen went on to praise Birmingham as a "pioneering city which has drawn in and embraced so many throughout its history". Finally, the sovereign warmly thanked people who have worked to organise this edition of the Games, to end on August 8, and wished all athletes "every success". Also in attendance at yesterday's ceremony were Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Other working royals are expected to head to Birmingham during the Games, including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William. The Princess Royal is expected to attend the Games today with her husband Sir Timothy Laurence.