Katherine Ryan, 39, announced the happy news just weeks after baby son Fred celebrated his first birthday. However the exhausted comedian admitted that it has been tough getting pregnant again so quickly, and it has caused some strain. Katherine told all on the newest episode of her popular podcast, Katherine Ryan: Telling Everybody Everything. The painstaking perfectionist confessed to feeling guilty that she had been taking time out from caring for Fred while getting to grips with the tiredness caused by her latest pregnancy. "I've done the unthinkable today," she shared candidly. "I have a bunch of chores lined up and I asked [my babysitter] Miriam 'Can you come in? READ NOW: Lorraine Kelly puts on sombre display at Deborah James funeral "'It's too hot.' And I have booked a facial at one o'clock through Urban Massage.'" She continued: "I feel really guilty about it. What's even worse is I'm going to be getting this facial in my kitchen right in front of her face. "What kind of Notting Hill parent is like 'You look after my child, I'm going to do a bunch of work in the morning, then right in front of you I'm going to lay on a table and receive a facial while you clean the kitchen around me?' "This is not how I was raised. But I just had to do it, I'm sorry." Sparking health concerns, she added ominously: "I don't feel well." Katherine and civil partner Bobby Kootstra, 38, welcomed their son Fred just over a year ago. Meanwhile Katherine also has 12-year-old daughter Violet from a previous relationship with another partner. However she was concerned that her ovaries were facing a ticking timebomb as the milestone age of 40 grew closer. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [PHOTOS] Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson reunites with onscreen mum Kel Allen [LATEST]  That led her to try for a third child very soon after the second was born. "I got pregnant while breastfeeding the first time I tried," she exclaimed on the podcast. "To be honest with you I [didn't] think it [was] going to work because I'm 39." The comedy star, who was 38 when she conceived, added: "I thought 'We've got to get the kids out of the way'. "You never know how long you're gonna have [for fertility] and I love my kids." "I just thought: 'Well let's go for it,'" she explained. Though it is considered uncommon for women to become pregnant while they are still breastfeeding, the NHS website says that it is still possible for it to happen, and that pregnancy can occur as little as three weeks after giving birth. However Katherine seems to have found two pregnancies in rapid succession a little tiring, explaining her much needed massage and time out from chores.