Travel experts at Kuoni analysed Tripadvisor reviews to find the world’s most beautiful attractions. The team looked to see how many tourists mentioned beauty in their review. READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks Edinburgh Castle was ranked as the most beautiful tourist attraction in the UK and was described as beautiful by over 5,000 reviewers. One reviewer wrote on Tripadvisor: “Beautiful vistas. Excellent historical site to bring you closer to understanding life hundreds of years ago.” Another said: “A step back in history, amazing and educational. Wonderful views at the top. It is definitely worth the climb.” Edinburgh Castle actually sits on top of an extinct volcano but tourists don’t need to worry as it last exploded nearly 340 million years ago. Within the Castle, St Margaret’s Chapel is the oldest building in Scotland and dates back to the 12th century. Although tourists can now admire the Scottish crown jewels at Edinburgh Castle, the famous treasures were once lost within the fortress for 100 years. Sir Walter Scott rediscovered the jewels in 1818 and they have been on display at the famous attraction ever since. London’s Westminster Abbey was the second most beautiful attraction in the UK, with over 4,000 reviews describing it as “beautiful”. READ MORE: ‘Go back!’ Norway rage as cruise passengers told ‘not welcome’ One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Westminster Abbey has been on my bucket list for a long time and I’m pleased to say it lived up to if not exceeded my expectations. “The building is stunning, amazing architecture everywhere you look.” Another said: “A snippet out of a fairy tale. If you are into unique gothic architecture you have to come and see this masterpiece.” The Abbey was founded by Bendictine monks during the middle of the tenth century and has been the coronation site of British monarchs since 1066. Particularly special to the Royal Family, the Abbey has been the site of 17 Royal weddings, most recently the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Liverpool Cathedral was the third ranked spot on the list which tourists can visit for a special lunchtime concert. Glasgow’s Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum was also included in the top five most beautiful spots. Bournemouth Beach was the only beach to make the list while the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol also found its way onto the top 10.