Vinny (played by Bradley Johnson) and his wife Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) were left in a state of shock earlier this week on Emmerdale as Sandra Flaherty (Joanne Mitchell) returned to the village. It's been over a year since his spouse saw her mother and it's fair to say she never thought she would see Sandra again as the mother of one seemed more interested in alcohol than she did about her own daughter. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Sandra could decide she is going to destroy her child's happiness again by taking out Vinny. Since arriving in the village in 2019, Vinny has been in several life-or-death situations with people more dangerous than his mother-in-law. This has included his own father, Paul Ashdale (Reece Dinsdale), who used to beat his son to within an inch of his life. Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) also thought she could end the young man's life before her reign of terror finally came to an end. Despite all of this, he is still alive and he wants nothing but happiness for his wife, meaning he could want Sandra out of their lives. Unfortunately, what he wouldn't realise is he is the main objective of her return to the village as she wants him out of the picture. READ MORE: 1883’s Faith Hill opens up on Yellowstone filming struggles The actress who plays Sandra, Joanne, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media, discussing what is on the horizon for her character. Hinting at how she could tear Vinny and Liv apart, the soap star said: "She's watching all the time, she's watching their relationship. "She's never seen Liv and Vinny together before, so she's sort of playing a lot of the time in the moment. She's assessing, she's scheming. "She's watching how they work together and it could all fall apart so she has really got to keep it together. I think she has to be clever. "I think she's got her main objective but it could all fall apart at any point because they could just tell her to go." "I think that happens throughout [her stay in the village] and Sandra is very persuasive, she's very clever," the actress continued. This is where Sandra's plan could have been rumbled as the mother of one could start to play the husband and wife against each other. With the couple at war, Sandra could drop into her daughter's ear how bad Vinny is for her and how she doesn't think they will work. Although Liv doesn't trust her mother, deep down, she could realise what she is saying is right and she can't run away from it forever. Knowing her marriage has to end, the young woman could try to explain to her husband how they need to get a divorce. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] Furious, Vinny would explain how Sandra has manipulated the situation and she has never wanted to see her daughter happy. With his mother-in-law on the cusp of being found out, Sandra could end up killing him before Liv starts to take his words on board. Confronting Vinny, Sandra could give him the option to leave the village but when he refuses to do so, she could whack him around the head. Having had multiple head injuries before, this could be the last straw for Vinny as he dies on the spot from the trauma. Sandra could call on her associates for some help to get rid of the body and bury him away from the village. When Liv asks where Vinny is, Sandra could explain he told her he was leaving the village as he couldn't cope with seeing Liv every day. However, will Liv believe what her mother is telling her or will she figure out she was the one who killed her husband? Joanne has also spoken about returning to the programme for another stint after being in the programme a few times before. The soap star said: "It's great, actually - obviously I've been backwards and forwards a few times over the years. "It's always been really good fun because it’s a great character to play, and it’s brilliant playing against and with [Isobel Steele] who plays Liv." "Before, nearly all of my work was with her and Danny Miller [Aaron Dingle] - so this time it’s going to be great because I get to expand and work with other members of the cast," she added. "It’s just seeing a few more layers to Sandra’s character, developing her a bit more, and seeing where the journey goes. "I think it’ll be really good - I’m really pleased to be back. It’s a great bunch of people to work with," Joanne remarked. So could she be revealed to be a killer? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.