Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer is calling for a general election as Boris Johnson’s support is crumbling after two of his most senior Cabinet ministers resigned on Tuesday following the Chris Pincher scandal. Lord McDonald’s letter, which revealed the Prime Minister knew about Chris Pincher’s misconduct before appointing him deputy chief whip, was the last straw for Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid who both cited the integrity of the Government to step down. Now that Boris Johnson appears to be on the edge of his premiership, he still has "one of the dice left", former minister Norman Baker said. Norman Baker told GB News: "He’s got one roll of the dice left in my view, which is a general election if he wants to down that road. Indeed, he may take the view cynically that it’s a good idea to do that before the privileges committee report on whether or not he’s misled parliament, which is an investigation which has now begun. "Of course, Keir Starmer has asked for a general election. He couldn’t not ask for a general election as leader of the opposition. "But whether he actually wants it or not, I don’t know." GB News’ Eamonn Holmes asked: "So be careful what he asks for? Mr Baker said: "Well, he may take the view that Boris Johnson is best to criticise for Labour and LibDem at the moment." Boris Johnson suffered a major setback on Tuesday when two of his top Cabinet ministers resigned. Former Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak and former Health Secretary Sajid Javid both stepped down following the revelation by Lord McDonald that Boris Johnson knew about Chris Pincher’s misbehaviour when he appointed him deputy chief whip. Chris Pincher was forced to resign after complaints of drunkenly groping two men at the Carlton Club on June 29. READ MORE: The lunatics have taken over asylum Britain, says BERNARD INGHAM In his letter, Lord McDonald, the former top civil servant in the Foreign Office, revealed Boris Johnson was aware of Chris Pincher’s behaviour in the summer of 2019 when Mr Pincher was appointed Foreign Minister. "Mr Johnson was briefed in person about the initiation and outcome of the investigation. There was a 'formal complaint'," Lord McDonald wrote. The Prime Minister has so far refused to resign and has apologised for his mistake in appointing Chris Pincher. The next key date could be the 1922 Committee’s election scheduled to be held before the Parliament’s summer recess. The newly elected members of the committee could scrap the one-year cap rule to give way to another confidence vote in Boris Johnson. DON'T MISS:The exact number of resignations Boris Johnson cannot return from [EXPLAINER]Susanna Reid baffled as Steve Bray boycotts GMB with protest song[REPORT]Lord Frost sets out two reasons why it is time for Boris to go [REVEAL] In early June, the Prime Minister survived a no-confidence vote with 59 percent of Tory MPs supporting him. Tory MPs then cited Partygate and the electoral defeat in May’s disastrous local elections for voting against him. The Chris Pincher scandal was the last straw for Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid who are both rumoured to be potential challengers to Boris Johnson in a potentially upcoming leadership election. Boris Johnson is now fighting for his political survival as ministers are resigning and Conservative MPs calling for a leadership change. In a letter calling for a leadership change, MP Robert Halfon said in reference to the Chris Pincher’s scandal: "the appointment of this individual and the untruthful statements about what was known is unacceptable to me." Robin Walker has resigned as schools ministers. READ NEXT:'Socialist Chancellor!' Sunak savaged as he plots path to No.10Boris Johnson resignations in full: All 12 Tory departuresKay forced to scold Chris Bryant for 'comparing Boris to Savile' 'It's over Mr Zahawi isn't it?' Nick Robinson say Will Quince quitBoris was 'victim of Brexit' - lost 'amiable patriotic showman' card