Splashing the cash might be part of the cruise experience for many holidaymakers, but if you are looking to travel on a budget, there are some things to avoid while onboard. According to a former cruise ship worker, certain amenities and upgrades are a "waste of money". Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, ex-cruise worker Paul revealed that shelling out for a cabin with a balcony might not be worth it. He said: “[I wish I could tell passengers] not to get a balcony cabin, waste of money for such a small area and if you want to enjoy yourself, you don't want to be in your cabin too much anyways.” Though balcony rooms boast stunning vistas of the surrounding ocean, they can cost hundreds of pounds more than an interior cabin. Depending on the cruise line you travel with, a balcony cabin may also be larger than one on the interior of the ship. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay' If you have your heart set on a balcony, the good news is that they are getting more affordable over time. According to experts from Life Well Cruised: "While cruise ship balcony cabins are generally more expensive than inside and ocean view cabins, they may be more affordable than you think. "Years ago, there were fewer balcony rooms per cruise ship, and the cost difference may have been huge. "However, on some cruise ships, you’ll find that the price of a balcony cabin may only be a couple of hundred dollars more than an ocean view or outside stateroom. "It’s always worth checking to see if there are any promotions or past passenger rates that can make a balcony room more affordable on a cruise." Many cruise lines offer annual or seasonal sales, during which time balcony rooms are notably cheaper. Paul Melinis, managing director of APT & Travelmarvel, UK & Europe, told Express.co.uk: "The great news is that there are multiple opportunities for travellers to take advantage of throughout the year to secure the very best value for money on their cruise holiday." One of the best times to snag a deal is during "wave season". Traditionally this three-month period runs from January 1 to March 31. DON'T MISSCruise passengers share 'beach bag' trick to 'sneak booze' onboard [COMMENT]Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat [REVEALED]Princess Cruises is offering free £290 spend on 2023 British Isles [DEAL] Steve Williams, director of Sales for MSC Cruises UK and Ireland told Express.co.uk: "The key booking window tends to be January to end of March known across the industry as ‘Wave’ when there some great promotions to be had, for example at MSC Cruises we did a drinks package included as part of the price. "These promotions are always a good opportunity to get a great package price." If you do want to splash out on your room, there are some other ways to save money while onboard. Paul urges holidaymakers to avoid buying onboard photographs if their ship staff offer them. The former cruise worker said these are usually "way too pricey". While many cruise ships feature an onboard casino, this is another money-wasting area guests should steer clear of. Paul explained: "[I'd also tell them] not to play the casino slot machines. “They set the payouts so low that hardly anybody wins a jackpot. “And the lines can get away with it because we are in International Waters.”