Rafael Nadal told the trainer to “wait a bit” as the Spaniard continued to struggle with an abdomen injury after receiving a medical timeout during his Wimbledon quarter-final against Taylor Fritz. The Spaniard had been granted medical attention midway through the second set against the American - but the problem did not subside. Nadal struggled through points in the second set and did not seem comfortable while serving. He eventually called for the trainer and was granted a timeout to receive attention on his abdomen, a problem he has been experiencing through the Championships. The 35-year-old returned to the court and continued to play through the pain barrier. However, the issue then flared again during the third set with the score level at a set each. Nadal was keen to keep playing, though, and apparently told the umpire he would “wait a bit” before requesting the trainer again. That is according to Record Portugal. JUST IN: Wimbledon crowd shush Nick Kyrgios as unhappy Aussie moans to umpire Fritz had taken the first set and seemed set to take the second when Nadal's injury was apparent. The former world no.1's family had even been seen on the BBC's broadcast calling for him to retire. But Nadal incredibly battled back to win the second set. BBC commentator Feliciano Lopez jumped to Fritz's defence by suggesting that it is difficult to play against an injured player as it can force a player to overthink. Fritz appeared flustered and at one point complained to the umpire. It is unclear whether it was about Nadal's injury or the noise in the crowd. However, the 24-year-old fought back to win the third set.  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk. 