The unidentified congressman said: "This is just another attempt from the ex-royals to insert their British drama into American politics. I don’t think anyone on this side of the pond cares for Meghan Markle’s opinion on killing babies." Speaking to the Daily Mail, he added: "However, I think her running for President would be a great episode for The Crown." This came after Meghan spoke out against the overturning of Roe v Wade by the US Supreme Court. Abortion was made legal across the US in 1973 after a landmark Supreme Court ruling, known as Roe v. Wade, but this was overturned last month. As many as 26 conservative US states are now expected to introduce new abortion restrictions or bans. So far, abortion is now illegal or heavily restricted in at least 11 states following the decision. Twelve other states have laws in place that pave the way to quickly ban or severely restrict access to them. Meghan said the decision tells women that their "physical safety doesn't matter". In a conversation with feminist campaigner Gloria Steinem for Vogue magazine, Meghan said: "This is having a very real impact on women’s bodies and lives starting now. "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. READ MORE: Meghan Markle launches rallying cry ahead of upcoming US election "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "Some will have to source abortion pills from unregulated pharmacies. "Others who are pregnant and find themselves in a medical emergency will be at the mercy of doctors and lawyers to determine if a procedure that is needed to save her life can even be done at all. "What does this tell women? DON'T MISS: William and Kate outdone as surprising duo crowned hardest working [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry remain silent after update in Palace bullying probe [INSIGHT] 'The next Queen' Cool Princess Anne sparks fan frenzy as royal spotted [REACTION] "It tells us that our physical safety doesn’t matter, and as a result that we don’t matter. But we do. Women matter." There are fears that the number of illegal abortions will rise in the US in the wake of the decision. Meghan called on people to "channel" their fear and anger over the decision into "something that makes a difference". Speaking ahead of the mid-term elections in November, she said: "When you have anger, you have to channel that energy into something that makes a difference. "That’s what activism is. It’s about how we show up. "It feels like the tip of the iceberg and is part of why people feel so scared. "We have to channel that fear into action. We can start this November in the midterms. "I know hearing that feels so repetitive, but we have to vote, every time, from local elections to state and national elections."