Oleksandr Zinchenko will not be enough for Arsenal to close the gap on Tottenham and they could be "cut adrift", claims former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Zinchenko is set to become the Gunners' fifth signing of the summer transfer window. Arsenal have agreed a fee with Manchester City of £30million for the Ukraine international. He is set to add to the arrivals of Gabriel Jesus, who has also joined from City, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and young winger Marquinhos. Agbonlahor believes the signing of Jesus is a top addition by Mikel Arteta. He is also a fan of Zinchenko, who will provide versatility to the Gunners squad. However, he thinks Arsenal must continue to spend in order to close the gap on teams above them. Spurs pipped their rivals to fourth spot in the Premier League on the final day of last season and have also made several key signings so far this summer. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd announcement, Chelsea signing 'very close', De Jong update  Agbonlahor says Arsenal could fall further behind if Zinchenko is their final signing of the window. He told talkSPORT: “For Arsenal it’s a big statement signing Gabriel Jesus, but still, they need more work. "There’s talk of Zinchenko, who I think will be a great signing, a great addition. He’s versatile, but maybe they need another right-sided winger as back up to Bukayo Saka because Nicolas Pepe has not done it. "These teams know that they need to keep improving their squad because it’s going to get harder and harder to challenge for the top four. Arsenal don’t want to be cut adrift. "They want to bring in top, top players because Spurs are doing the same. Spurs have had a great window so it’s going to be even harder this season to get that top four and Man United fans, once again, will say that I don’t think they’ve got much chance to get top four again this season.” DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedChelsea 'very close' to completing third summer signing after Koulibaly unveiledTottenham 'close to agreeing' Depay transfer with three stumbling blocks remaining  Arsenal beat Everton 2-0 in their second official pre-season friendly overnight on Saturday. And Arteta has been impressed by what he has seen from his team in training in the USA. He said: “The development has been really good. Honestly, the way they’ve been training has been phenomenal - the best since I’ve been here. "The togetherness around the group, the quality that they’ve shown, the intensity in how they train. They are different standards.” 