Conservative MP Chris Loader discussed the recent resignations of senior Tory Ministers with journalist Nick Robinson. Mr Loader claimed he was glad to see some Conservative MP acting accordingly in the cabinet. Yesterday Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak handed in their resignations from their senior roles as Conservative ministers. Mr Loader claimed to of personally lost confidence in the Prime Minister and said he needed to go. Mr Loader told Radio 4s Today programme: "I'm glad to see that some in the cabinet have acted accordingly. "But now I think there is a majority in the party that want to see change. "I personally have lost confidence in the Prime Minister, and I'm very sorry to say that. "And I think he does need to go, but I think if he chooses not to, I think the 1922 Committee should act. "And I certainly would support that approach in the forthcoming 1922 elections." JUST IN: Kim Jong-un warned South Korea will ‘sternly’ retaliate in case of provocation  Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been facing major backlash for the scandals that have rocked Downing street over the past seven months. A recent scandal involving sexual assault allegations against ex-Chief Whip Chris Pincher seemed to of been the straw that broke the camel's back. Some Tory MPs have been calling Mr Johnson out for what they claim is a lack of trustworthiness. Other political commentators have claimed the Government under Mr Johnson is falling apart and he should resign. READ MORE: Princess Diana remembered as stunning portrait resurfaces before anniversary of death     The Labour party have been calling for a snap election this week due to the ongoing disputes in the Tory party. Leader of the Labour party Sir Keir Starmer has called for Mr Johnson to step down a number of times due to his perceived failings. Sir Keir Starmer wrote on Twitter: "Tory cabinet ministers have known all along who the Prime Minister is. "They have been his cheerleaders throughout this sorry saga, backing him when he broke the law. DON’T MISS: Fury as Just Stop Oil vandals glue hands to da Vinci's Last Supper and spray paint wall[INSIGHT] 'Devil in the detail!' Brexit campaigners slam Keir Starmer over Labour's 5-point EU plan [REVEAL] Defiant Zelenksy says Ukraine needs to BREAK Putin and invading troops 'No alternative' [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Starmer added: "Backing him when he lied repeatedly and backing him when he mocked the sacrifices of the British people. "In doing so they have been complicit in every step of the way, as he disregarded his office and let down his country. "If they had a shred of integrity they would have gone months ago. "The British public will not be fooled. "The Tory party is corrupted and changing one man won't fix that. "Only a real change of Government can give Britain the fresh start it needs." READ NEXT