An expert alerted owners over burns in their animals’ paws, a possible injury that should worry pet lovers and something they should protect their companions from. Just like human skin, a pet's paws can burn when they contact hot surfaces, according to an expert. Animal behaviourist and canine specialist, Kirsten Dillon, suggested that owners should check ground temperatures for 20 seconds before they start their walk. Ms Dillon said: “Paws are similar to our thumb pads; they are sensitive and will react to the heat.” Burnt feet pad signs include blisters, redness and a dog limping and licking its feet, explained the expert, who partners with pet food brand Natural Instinct. And she urged owners to use shade, grass and earth as surfaces to walk on, as opposed to concrete and asphalt, which can quickly become very hot. Other dangers for pets when being out in extremely high temperatures include heatstroke, with its symptoms being: Panting, drooling or salivating, acting lethargic and sleepy, a bright red tongue, very red or pale gums, increased heart rate, breathing distress, vomiting and diarrhoea. The expert warned: “If you think your pet has heatstroke, seek veterinary help immediately, even if you think your pet's condition is improving.” To treat a pet suffering a heatstroke, an owner should take the following steps: READ MORE: Stark warning how dogs let owners know they're suffering in the heat Meanwhile, veterinary expert Dr Scott Miller offered important advice on how to help pets cope with the heat. He said: “There are plenty of ways you can keep your pet safe from these higher temperatures and to make them feel more comfortable. “It’s important not to fully immerse them in water as that can shock them or turn overheating into shock and/or drowning. “Instead, standing them in cold water and scooping it over your dog can work well, otherwise find shade and dowse them in water from a water bottle.” DON'T MISS: Dog news: Dogs give Barking a bad name, as Birmingham tops listKate and William's beloved dog Orla has special meaning after tragedyTwo men banned from being anywhere in England and Wales with a dog