Juventus are preparing a move for Tottenham left-back Sergio Reguilon following the free signings of Paul Pogba and Angel Di Maria, according to reports. The Bianconeri are now lining up a swoop for the Spanish defender, who may have to leave north London this summer to keep his World Cup dream alive. Reguilon had been a firm favourite under both Jose Mourinho and Conte before he lost his place in the side last season. Ryan Sessegnon finished the campaign strongly and the signing of Ivan Perisic has pushed Sessegnon even further down the pecking order at the club. In typically-savage fashion, Conte left Reguilon behind alongise Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Harry Winks for the pre-season tour of the Far East. It was the strongest indication that the left-back is no longer part of his plans as Tottenham prepare to entertain offers for his services. READ MORE: Tottenham target Djed Spence 'left out' of Middlesbrough friendly in transfer clue According to Calciomercato in Italy, Conte's former club Juventus are now preparing a move for Reguilon. They are not the only side interested in signing the full-back though with Sevilla also keen. Reguilon spent a season on loan with Sevilla during the 2019/20 campaign, where he won the Europa League. Now the two European clubs look set to fight it out for his signature with Spurs keen to strike a deal. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price setTottenham target Djed Spence 'left out' of Middlesbrough friendly in transfer clue Spurs signed Reguilon from Real Madrid in the summer of 2020 for an initial fee of £27.5million. It remains to be seen whether Tottenham can recoup that kind of figure for a player that was heavily rotated last season. He is not the only player heading for the exit door though as Daniel Levy looks to generate some funds. England international midfielder Winks has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs including Everton, Leicester, Leeds and Southampton. But still, there has been no bids for the tidy technician, who has fallen out of favour with his boyhood clubs. Villarreal are still keen on signing Lo Celso but they do not have the funds to finance a deal, as things stand. Unai Emery's side finished seventh in La Liga last season and are working with restricted finances. Having spent £55m on Lo Celso, Tottenham are keen to recoup at least half of that figure - if not more. The same applies for Ndombele, whose stock has fallen considerably following an underwhelming loan spell with Lyon.