Arsenal's newest signing Gabriel Jesus took less than 90 seconds to score on his first appearance for the club and grabbed a second late on to round off a 5-3 win. The £45million striker came off the bench at half-time of the pre-season friendly against FC Nurnberg on Friday and struck almost immediately. Arsenal were 2-0 down at the break after a disappointing first half peformance from Mikel Arteta's side. Goals from Johannes Geis and Kwadwo Duah put the Bundesliga 2 side ahead. Brazilian Jesus was initially named on the bench by the Gunners boss but was brought on alongside Mohamed Elneny for the second half. Arsenal started the second period fast and Jesus scored his first goal for the club in just over a minute of being on the pitch. The former Manchester City forward initially picked the ball up out on the right-hand side. He drifted in, played a one-two with Eddie Nketiah and fired high into the net from a tight angle. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  Arsenal were soon level when fellow substitute Elneny let fly with a stunning strike from fully 30 yards. And the turnaround was complete just 12 minutes into the second half. Jesus was again involved but it appeared as if Nurnberg skipper Christopher Schindler got the final touch as the forward attempted to head the ball towards goal. It was a rampant second-half display from Arsenal and the two substitutes in particular, with Jesus again playing a part in Tim Handwerker turning into his own goal to make it 4-2 to the visitors. Jesus scored again late on to seal a 5-3 win after Nurnberg had netted. Arsenal were keen on signing the forward for several months and finally completed a deal on Monday. Gunners boss Arteta knows the player well from his time as assistant at City. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesMan Utd set to suffer Christian Eriksen blow before he's even played for clubErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez  And he explained what he feels Jesus will bring to his new club. Arteta said: “I think it’s a package. Start with his character, the person, the smile and what he represents as a human being. "Then he’s an incredible professional, with his work ethic and enthusiasm. You will see it the first day he puts on his boots and enters the training pitch; he has the enthusiasm that he is going to create on his own on that pitch. “And then obviously there are his qualities, his anger to score, his willingness to be coached, to improve. He is used to winning and he knows that winning is the only way to do it. I think he will set different standards at the club.” 