"Hotter than the Sahara!", "Blowtorch Britain!" and of course "Meltdown Monday" scream the headlines today amid serious-faced warnings that we are all about to spontaneously combust in a Hades-level conflagration. Depending where you get your facts (that in itself increasingly a Woolies Pic n Mix exercise) we are facing unprecedented horrors of 40C, 41C or indeed 42C (that's 107.6F in old money). Trains are going to melt, cars are going to explode and anyone over 60 - well I'm just hoping you all took advantage of those daytime TV adverts about paying for your own funeral. Today, we are assured by an endless stream of self-interested experts, is going to be a living hell. And, even if we manage somehow to get through today without full body third degree burns, Tuesday will be even worse. Except it won't be will it? It'll just be a lovely summer's day. It'll be the kind of day we long for for about 360 days of the year. The kind we joke about never having when it's raining during Wimbledon. Or the Open. Or the Test. Or your camping holiday. And it's here right now. And we're supposed to be scared of it?! Of course the infantilised warnings started days ago - indeed we as a nation have even been urged to be "resilient" as if the Luftwaffe had restarted carpet bombing the country. They haven't. It's just a nice day people. A Met Office meteorologist called Steven Keates has advised people to do 'as little as possible' to avoid dire health issues. That's a civil servant advising people to do as little as possible - some gags are so easy you actually don't need to bother writing them. He went on to say Britons should "minimise physical exertion as much as possible". Again, you need only pop down to your nearest beach to see that following this advice should not be much of a stretch for most Brits. Elsewhere Tracey Nicholls, chief executive of the College of Paramedics, said: "This isn't like a lovely hot day where we can put a bit of sunscreen on, go out and enjoy a swim and a meal outside." Sorry to contradict Trace but it is - that's exactly what it is. It's a day to dust off the deckchairs, slap on the factor 50, and maybe even dig out that normally undrinkable bottle of Pimms you've had skulking at the back of the cocktail cabinet. The subtext to all these warnings of course is "everybody panic! It's global warming!". So a lovely summers day, when you could be sunbathing, dipping in the sea, chasing butterflies or any number of chilled, lovely summery things, must be imbued with the requisite environmentally conscious flagellation and self-loathing. Me? I'm going to have a day off from all that. In fact I'm going to shut up and have a Solero.