Sky News' Kay Burley was talking about Boris Johnson's chances of staying in power when she heard from an unnamed high-ranked official that Boris Johnson is going to resign. A delighted Rory Stewart was seen for instant beaming and smiling from ear to ear before Kay Burley turned to her political correspondent for further details.  Ms Burley said: "I'm just hearing from a very high-level government source telling me that it's done. Before turning to her political correspondent, she went on to move the text message: "It's done, he needed a final push but it is done."  The political correspondent said: "It sounds like it's all over, Kay. If you're hearing it from someone very senior in Government, then it's all over. "I think that is very much what we were expecting and what has been looking inevitable over the past few hours. "If it seemed that Boris Johnson thought he could carry on and get new people in his top team has become incredibily evident this morning with the departures of more key Cabinet ministers. "Other Cbainet ministers making clear that they won't desert their post for national security reasons but urging the Prime Minister to go.  "It is game over from what you're saying and from what we're hearing from others in Downing Street as if the Prime Minister is now preparing for that - and will be preparing to go in. the coming hours." The political correspondent's verdict comes after another flurry of resignations on Thursday and his incoming Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi's letter calling on Boris Johnson to resign. The wave of resignations was precipitated by former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and former Health Secretary Savid Javid who both resigned on Tuesday, calling on Boris Johnson to resign. READ MORE:Cummings warns of 'CARNAGE' if Boris not forced out TODAY as he wad... Elaorating on what is coming next, the political correspondent said: "Once it is confirmed - we haven't had official confirmation yet from Downing Street - but if it happens, it will involve I'm sure as we have seen with previous Prime Ministers, there's a lectern coming out and the Prime Minister addressing everybody who's here." A recurring reason given by goverrnment ministers to step down and urge Boris Johnson to resign was the Goverment's lack of integrity. Boris Johnson will reportedlt carry on until the Autumn and a leadership contest will be held to choose the next Conservative leader and Prime Minister. Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid are bound to be potential challengers in the upcoming leadership contest. DON'T MISS:Gleeful Sturgeon hails 'relief' as Boris quits [REPORT]Lorraine sparks frenzy as psychic pig predicts Boris's resignation [REPORT]Favourite for next PM Penny Mordaunt's past as a magician's assistant [REPORT] Labour leader Keir Starmer congratulated the decision in a tweet, regretting that he failed to act sooner: "it should have happened long ago. "He was always unfit for office. "He has been responsibke for lies, scandal and fraud on an industrial scale." Boris Johnson is expected to make an announcement in the next few hours. READ NEXT:MEP slams Boris as 'only concerned with his ego' Who do YOU want to see as the new PM? VOTE NOWAndi Peters mocks Tory party resignations as he walks off GMBBoris Johnson statement time: When the Prime Minister will resignBrexiteer says next PM WILL be a Leaver