Tonight, Susan Sarandon heads an all-star cast as the 1991 film Thelma and Louise airs on BBC One from 10.30pm. It follows the tale of two friends who attempt to flee their dreary lives for one weekend, but while on their adventure they kill a potential rapist in an act of self-defence. But in the heat of the moment, the pair decide to run away from the chasing authorities, causing a timeline of events which will eventually end in tragedy. Alongside Sarandon are the likes of Geena Davis, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen and a young Brad Pitt. The film claimed six Oscar nominations, including Best Actress nods for Sarandon and Davis, and won the Academy Award for Best Screenplay. Such was the drama's significance, in 2016 the US Library of Congress chose it for preservation in the National Film Registry, as a result of its "cultural, historical or aesthetical" legacy. Sarandon, who eventually claimed a Best Actress Oscar in 1995 for her role in Dead Man Walking, is one of Hollywood's biggest stars, and is incredibly popular with colleagues and fans. She is often heralded for taking on roles that knowingly poke fun at herself, including for the Lonely Island music group, and in the Nineties sitcom Friends. Once married to actor Chris Sarandon, the New Yorker has had a series of long-term relationships across her life, including with fellow star Tim Robbins, between 1988 and 2009. And though the actress remains content on her own, she once revealed her disappointment at not finding someone to be with her during her later years. The 75-year-old told People last year that she "would like to have a travel companion, male, female — age doesn’t matter”. JUST IN: Susan Sarandon’s health secrets for ageing ‘gracefully’ All that mattered to Sarandon was that they had a sense of adventure. The actress continued: "And also, [someone] who cares about something passionately and who loves what they do, whatever that is. "I guess my point is I’m pretty open, but I don’t know." Following her separation from Robbins, which spawned two boys for the couple, Sarandon dated Jonathan Bricklin, a film director 30 years younger than her. DON'T MISS:Carol Vorderman's glamorous pic sparked confusion for Susan Sarandon [ANALYSIS]Susan Sarandon compares recent NYPD funeral to 'fascism' [INSIGHT]David Bowie: Susan Sarandon's final conversation with old flame [LATEST] In a Divorced not Dead podcast last year, Sarandon reflected on how it "would take someone extraordinary to share my medicine cabinet at this point”. She added, however: "In terms of a romantic relationship, I don’t know. "That window may have closed, but I’m forever hopeful – but not desperate." The topic of getting married and relationships was again discussed in 2010, when Sarandon was in conversation with The Telegraph. She continued: "Certainly if there is an older woman/younger guy theme they seem to come to me. "I think it's great that people see me as being multifaceted and still desirable and smart and funny." Sarandon has won a host of awards throughout her career, including BAFTA and SAG prizes. In total she has been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award, six Primetime Emmy Awards, and nine Golden Globe Awards. In 2002, she was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contributions to the film industry. Thelma and Louise airs tonight on BBC One from 10.30pm.