As in past years, several media outlets covered this horrific spectacle but compassionate people around the world need to know that this bloody event is only the tip of a massive, unregulated trade that kills 10 million dogs and 4 million cats every year in China. Let’s not wait until next June to urge Chinese officials to end this grim black market trade. I’m a Chinese American. My intention is not to bash China’s culture or its people. I’m writing to share facts about this profitable, low risk trade and the criminal syndicates that facilitate it. China has no national law against the consumption of dog meat in homes or restaurants. There are, however, national laws against the theft of companion animals, their transport without health documents, and the slaughter of dogs from unknown sources. Restaurants are prohibited from selling uninspected meat. So, there are measures in place that could cripple the trade. But, for the most part, those laws are not enforced. One of the most tragic aspects of this inhumane business is the source of the dogs. In China, dogs are not ‘farmed’. It’s much cheaper for criminal groups to capture strays. According to the World Health Organization, China has over 40 million free-roaming dogs — more than any other country. Many other dogs that become victims of the trade are beloved pets who are brazenly stolen from their owners. We know this because the frightened dogs are still wearing their collars. Meat traders keep abducted dogs in holding pits until there are enough animals to fill large trucks. The dogs are crowded into cages and transported — often for thousands of miles — without food or water. Their torturous journeys are typically made in the bitter cold or intense heat.  Many of the animals are injured or infected with disease. There are usually dogs who die from dehydration, suffocation, or heat stroke. At the slaughterhouses, dogs are bludgeoned, their throats are cut, and they are left to die in front of other terrified animals. It’s important to note that the majority of Chinese people do not eat dogs or cats. Numbers are hard to come by due to the underground nature of the trade, but it’s estimated that only around three percent of people in China eat dog meat regularly. The practice is most common in three regions — DongBei, Guangdong, and Guangxi, home to the city of Yulin. Consumers of dog meat, primarily older men, cling to the belief that eating dog meat contributes to their good luck, health, and virility. People in northern China believe dog meat will help them stay warm over the winter. There are no facts to support that reasoning of course. A well-organized and vocal coalition of animal activists in China is making progress. It’s safe to say that the Yulin festival is losing ground. In the festival’s biggest years approximately 10,000 dogs were slaughtered. Now, that number is thought to have fallen to around 3,000 dogs. Thankfully, China’s central government has taken some action. In 2020, Beijing cited concerns over animal welfare and prevention of disease transmission and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs classified dogs and cats as companion animals vs livestock.  While that does not officially prohibit people from eating dog or cat meat, two mainland cities — Zhuhai and Shenzhen — have gone a step further and enacted a landmark law that clearly bans the sale and consumption of dog and cat meat. I am hopeful that other cities will soon follow and believe that once China enacts and enforces laws against the consumption of dog and cat, other Asian countries will follow. My US-based non-profit, Duo Duo Project, collaborates with people in China to affect both supply and demand for dog and cat meat. I have visited Yulin and other cities in China many times and have seen what happens when families have the opportunity to meet and learn about dogs. I’m certain that humane spay and neuter initiatives will help put dog thieves out of business. I, my team, and our volunteers around the world are committed to bringing this dark and inhumane trade to an end. On the heels of this deplorable festival, I am more hopeful than ever that Chinese people and government officials will show that theirs is a progressive, compassionate country. We’ll be watching. *Andrea Gung is the Founder and Executive Director of Duo Duo Project 