This Morning star Josie Gibson has been a weight loss inspiration to thousands after her incredible six stone drop back in 2013, going from a size 20 to a size 8. Through a "combination of healthy eating and exercise", she found a new lease of life but soon realised there are more important things in life than constantly worrying about weight. Since then she has welcomed her three-year-old son Reggie. She revealed she "put on around four-and-a-half stone" while pregnant, but set herself new goals for 2021, which included improving her sleeping pattern, drinking more water, doing 30-45 minutes of exercise at least three times a week and eating a healthy diet. And last year she shared her incredible transformation on her social media. The ITV presenter showcased her stunning physique and surprised fans by announcing she had dropped from a size 18 to a size 14. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Josie credited WW and shared a video of herself with the caption: "I was asked to be part of @ww.uk and it’s been one of the best decisions I have ever made. “I haven't weighed myself for a while as I’m waiting on scales but I could not get in these trousers in December or January we are now early March and for the first time in a long time these size 14 are on. “They are snug and I have a way to go and there’s still things I need to work on as my goal is to be a size 12 but I'm going in the right direction. “It's been the most giving weight loss plan I've ever been on and there has been no pressure just lots of love from @ww.uk coaches, consultants and the community." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Josie went on to explain that she "handles stress" by eating, adding: "I’ve always done it and I went up to a size 18," she admitted. “You just get to the point where you look in the mirror and don’t even recognise who you’re looking at anymore.” Speaking more about her weight loss success last year, she told The Sun: "I want to shift quite a lot of weight, but if I were to imagine it as one huge goal, it would put me off." In order to stick to her goals, she created a clever trick that worked to her advantage. "I’ve turned it into more manageable weekly chunks," she explained. And sticking to her resolutions saw the TV star lose 10lb thanks to home workouts. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim She said: “I’m down 10 pounds already. I’m quite big so obviously it comes off quicker. “The thing is it’s not only about the weight for me – I feel great. “I feel so good! I’m making foods from as much zero points as I can. “I was eating a lot a stodge before, but I can’t tell you the difference it’s made to my energy. “I can get up and go. I’m actually waking up in the morning with a spring in my step – it’s been great, and I’m faster.” Weighing in at just under 17 stone, she revealed her aim was to slim down to a size 12. She continued: “I’m about a size 16 at the moment. I’d like to get down to a size 12.” And despite putting on weight while expecting Reggie, it turns out the doting mum now finds him a great motivator for her health. "For me it was because my two-year-old is getting so fast, so it’s just about catching him," she giggled. “I couldn’t catch him – he was running away from me, and I was struggling to keep up with him."