Power Book IV: Force follows the life of drug dealer Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) after he traded his life in New York for Chicago. The setting may be different but the Starz drama still sees Tommy get into a heap of trouble with gangsters and fellow dealers. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the new cast members of Power Book IV. Fans are going to be introduced to Mireya Garcia, the younger sister of the "most dangerous Mexican drug dealer in the city" when series two begins. She has been described as "smart, direct, with a great sense of humour". Actress Carmela Zumbado's breakthrough role was playing Delilah Alves in the Netflix thriller series You. Most recently, the actress played Anna Avalos in the NBC drama Chicago PD.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Actress Adrienne Walker has been spending most of her career on the stage with just one TV credit under her belt. Earlier this year, Walker was in NBC's Law & Order: Organized Crime as Natalie Dumont. She will play Shanti "Showstopper" Page, an ex-boxing pro, running her own gymnasium. Showstopper is described as "fearless and ambitious" so it'll be interesting to see how she will get involved in the drama. Stacy Marks is the "young and hungry" US Attorney from The White City's south side. She originally started off as a public defender before working her way up the career ladder. Actress Mariam A Hyman's biggest role to date has been in the Showtime drama The Chi as Dre. Some of her other work has been in The Blacklist, Unforgettable, The Congressman, Blue Bloods, NCIS and The Laundromat. DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [REACTION]Outlander: How Sam Heughan brought on board intimacy coordinator [EXPLAINER]P-Valley season 2: Lil Murda star ‘wasn’t surprised’ by Covid plot [CAST] Miguel is the older brother of Mireya, a dangerous drug lord who doesn't let anyone get in his way. The "violent and domineering alpha male" has never been able to enjoy a long-term relationship as his drive for making money takes over everything. Actor Manuel Eduardo Ramierz has been in The Other Side, Scorpion, Hawaii Five-0, Things Eternal, Father Militant and Santa Muerte. He was also in USA Network's Queen of the South as Angel in 2021. Power Book IV: Force launched its first season earlier this year on Starz. Series one may be over but the good news is that the drama will be returning for a second season. A return date hasn't been announced but it is expected to make a comeback at the start of 2023. The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.