  Caan, famous for films such as Brian’s Song, Dick Tracy, and The Godfather, died on July 6. At the time, his close relatives did not provide many details. However, Pierce Brosnan posted an Instagram photo with a caption saying that the star suffered “great physical pain and discomfort” while working. But the death certificate, obtained by the publication TMZ from the medical examiner in Los Angeles reveals he died from a heart attack, known as myocardial infarction. Coronary artery disease was also connected to his death in the document, the most common heart disease in the US. The star also suffered from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and congestive heart failure, the certificate showed. COPD refers to several lung conditions that cause breathing problems. Its symptoms include a persistent cough that doesn’t go away, regular chest infections, and wheezing.  READ MORE: Asda employee shares red flag skin cancer symptom that led to terminal diagnosis  Over the years, Caan had suffered from several health scares. Back in 2015, Caan was rushed to the hospital with chest pain. It turned out to be a chest infection. He also suffered from back problems and developed clinical depression following his sister’s death in 1981 due to leukaemia. DON'T MISS  He told the New York Times: "There are pictures I made that I still haven't seen. "I was depressed when I was making them. In the middle of some of these pictures, I kept thinking, 'What am I doing here?' It's like you're in a hallway and you can't get out." The star was buried at Eden Memorial Park, San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles.   READ MORE: Covid: Simple sleeping position you can try at home to reduce risk of hospitalisation   Coronary artery disease is the most common cause of heart failure, explains Mayo Clinic. It occurs when fatty deposits develop in the arteries – known as plaque. The build-up of this material reduces blood flow. It is linked with both heart attacks and heart failure. A heart attack occurs when the blood flow that is being directed to the heart itself through the arteries is restricted or cut off. This restricts the amount of oxygen the heart receives, meaning that the muscle itself dies.    Heart failure on the other hand is when the heart can no longer pump blood to feed blood to the rest of your body. They often occur because the heart has become weak or stiff. Heart attacks can often lead to a heart attack as the death of its cells causes it to no longer pump properly. They may come on as a result of the plaques breaking off and causing a blood clot in the artery leading to the heart. In this way, heart disease is also linked to a heart attack.  