Earlier this week, it was announced that Jon Kay would be replacing Dan Walker as a regular host on BBC Breakfast. Dan decided to leave the BBC show after six years to pursue other opportunities. It was later confirmed the Strictly star had secured a job at Channel 5. Jon was due to officially start his role on Monday alongside Sally Nugent. However, on Sunday evening, the BBC host took to Twitter to share the news that he'd been forced to pull out of Monday's show. In view of his 45,000 followers, Jon explained he'd contracted coronavirus. Sharing a snap of a positive covid test, he wrote: "Aaaagh! Finally got me. Gutted not to be able to start the new job officially @BBCBreakfast on Monday." (sic) READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle He concluded: " I guess working from home isn’t really an option @BBCFrediani?" Jon's colleagues and fans were quick to reply, with many wishing the presenter well. Dan Walker was the first to reply, commenting: "Oh no Jon! Hope you feel ok." Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones penned: "Hope you’re ok JK.." (sic)  While Rachel Burden simply tweeted: "Oh dear!" Alison Elliott went on to say: "Oh no. Hope you are better very soon." Jon's follower Penny added: "You’re not alone! I tested positive on Thursday, my birthday, and my husband and son on Saturday and we’re all feeling. So more many cases about at the moment it’s scary. "Hope you don’t get the symptoms we have, it’s not nice." (sic) DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [SPOILERS]Yellowstone season 5: Did Monica die in childbirth in Kayce's vision? [INSIGHT]Mick Jagger opens up on Keith Richards' real persona [VIDEO] On Friday, the BBC confirmed Jon would be joining Sally on the red sofa as a permanent presenter. Jon also excitedly announced the news on social media, along with the caption: "Reshuffle alert." He wrote: "So delighted to share this news and join the outstanding @BBCBreakfast team full time. "An absolute honour to front the UK’s number one morning show with my mates @sallynugent @TVNaga01 and Charlie (and his new cat!)." Dan was one of the first to wish his replacement well, telling his followers it was "brilliant news". “Great bloke, top presenter and much loved by the #BBCBreakfast team,” Dan tweeted. In turn, Jon replied: “Thanks so much, Dan. You set a very high bar, my friend.”  BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC.