Stacey Solomon took to Instagram to reveal that she'd invited her son's classmates over to enjoy their newly-refurbish swimming pool during the heatwave that swept the nation. The Loose Women panellist, 32, told how her son's schools had been shut thanks to the scorching temperatures yesterday. In view of her 5.3 million followers, the flame-haired mum-of four revealed that she kindly opened up the pool of Pickle Cottage to her son's classmates. Taking to her stories, she told her fans: "All the boys' schools got cancelled this morning because of the heat,' she captioned a photo of her pool while she enjoyed an ice cold drink. "So we welcomed all the kids to pickle cottage pool. It's been a crazzzzyyy day in what has turned into the village lido. I hope you're all ok in this heat." (sic) The star shared a clip of herself holding a cold beverage as children played in the pool in the background. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly puts on sombre display at Deborah James funeral She added that her dad was on hand as lifeguard to keep an eye on the children. In a later story, Stacey continued: "I've got nothing done today but the kids have had the best day. "And honestly it's been far too hot to function. "Some of them are still going strong singing Christmas songs on the hottest day on record," she added alongside a laughing face. The star accompanied it with a sweet clip of baby Rose toddling around the shallow end of the pool. After Stacey had closed the "village lido" for the day, she took to her stories to reveal that she couldn't wait to get started on cleaning the pool area. She penned: "Pool closed, those and thumbs up for to that. "I'm not being sarcastic when I say I can't wait to get the jetwash out tomorrow." DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway pulls out of GMB as husband Derek takes 'turn for worse' [INSIGHT]Heidi Klum, 49, showcases pert behind as she stuns in leggy display [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson reignites backlash, claiming 'global warming is over' [UPDATE] It comes as Stacey is currently preparing for her wedding to fiance Joe Swash, which is set to take place at the end of July at the Essex home. Recently, Stacey revealed her excitement over her upcoming nuptials, admitting her "tummy is turning". She told her followers: “I’m at work now trying to squeeze all my filming in before the big day," she captioned the picture. "But I sat and did these this afternoon. My whole tummy is turning every day that goes by." She continued: "Put these in a bucket of sand and will keep them in the old bath outside until the day. "We thought it would be nice if everyone lights a sparkler with us after the sun goes down on our special day." In a follow-up post, Stacey went through her tasks for the rest of the day as she reflected with a cup of tea in hand. She typed: “Made myself the biggest cup of tea possible to set me up for a HOT two last days of Sort Your Life Out! "It's so full on busy at the minute so I can squeeze in all of my commitments ahead of the wedding so Joe and me can spend proper family time together after," she added.