The petition has garnered more than 2,500 signatures, hours after being put up on Ukraine's official petitions site earlier today. Despite being forced to resign in the UK, Mr Johnson remains popular in Ukraine, with paintings, murals and even cakes in Kyiv bearing the likeness of the departing Tory leader. In Ukraine, he is affectionately called "Johnsoniuk".  In Ukraine, he is affectionately called "Johnsoniuk". This comes as a result of Mr Johnson's support for Ukraine following the Russian invasion, which took place on February 24, 2022. The petition is addressed to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. It notes "worldwide support for Boris Johnson", praising him for taking "a clear position against the military invasion of Ukraine, (and) wisdom in the political, financial and legal spheres". However, it does also note that such an appointment would not comply with Ukraine's constitution. Mr Zelensky will be obliged to officially respond to the petition if it receives 25,000 signatures. Just a few hours after the petition was launched, Mr Johnson presented Mr Zelensky with the Sir Winston Churchill Leadership Award for what Downing Street described as "incredible courage, defiance, and dignity". The ceremony, which took place at Number 10 Downing Street, was attended virtually by the Ukrainian President.   Mr Johnson presented Mr Zelensky the award on behalf of the International Churchill Society. He praised Mr Zelensky for staying in Kyiv just as Mr Churchill had stayed in London during the Blitz in 1940, saying: "In that moment of supreme crisis, you faced a test of leadership that was, in its way, as severe as Churchill’s challenge in 1940." He added: "You could have left Kyiv, you could have said – and it would have been hard to contradict you – that the survival of the Ukrainian state required the survival of the president. "But of course, Volodymyr, you did none of those things: you chose to stay in Kyiv, among the Ukrainian people, just as Churchill stayed in London in 1940." DON'T MISS: Johnson awards Zelesnky with Churchill leadership award [REPORT] Piers Morgan 'disappointed' with journalist ranking amid Zelensky cha [REACTION] Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenaries [LIVE] The UK has been widely praised for its response to Ukraine, with Mr Zelensky previously describing Mr Johnson as "an example" to other nations. The UK, alongside NATO allies, has imposed a wide-ranging package of sanctions on Russia, has begun phasing out Russian energy and has been supplying Ukraine with weapons. Following Mr Johnson's resignation as UK Prime Minister, Mr Zelensky described him as a "true friend of Ukraine". Mr Zelensky told an interviewer that Johnson "totally supported Ukraine". He added: "The United Kingdom is on the right side of history." The Ukrainian president also personally called Mr Johnson to share his "sadness" about his resignation as Prime Minister.