It has been revealed that tennis star, and recent Wimbledon winner, Novak Djokovic is helping contribute towards the training of Serbian prospect Hamad Medjedovic. The 21-time Grand Slam winner has taken the young player under his wing and does not want a financial strain to hamper his career. Medjedovic recently won his first Challenger trophy in Lüdenscheid, Germany, and has now moved up in the world ranks to number 259. He has also won three Future trophies this year as well. Speaking to Serbia outlet Sportal, Medjedovic has revealed that Djokovic was the very first person to congratulate him on his success in Ludenscheid. He said: “Would you believe who was the first to congratulate me on my title – Novak (Djokovic)! “When I picked up my phone, I saw his voice message lasting more than one minute. He is a legend because he is always available for advice – he really wants to help and knows how to listen.” JUST IN: Williams 'excited' for Citi Open ahead of potential Raducanu meeting Djokovic has been keen to inspire the next generation of tennis stars and is working on mentoring several players. Medjedovic is one of those, and he has now been working closely with the 35-year-old and is being coached by those who he has recommended. Medjedovic’s father, Eldin, has spoken about the support that Djokovic is providing his son, saying: “I remember the second conversation I had with Novak ever, we spoke about specific steps in Hamad’s career. Novak was presenting me with ideas, what to do with Hamad’s game, and I remember telling him: ‘Nole, I am sorry, but the things you are talking about cost a lot of money!’ DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic has bleak US Open chances assessedDjokovic's coach shares long-time Federer theory which is coming trueZverev lays down strict conditions for tennis return after ankle tear “And he just keeps going about coaches, what are we going to do and how, and then says: ‘All Hamad needs to do is to work hard, I will take care of the rest’. I told him again: ‘Nole, it costs a lot.' “At that point, Novak told me: ‘Edo, I am not doing this for the money! I make my money elsewhere, my role here is to help. What kind of man would I be if I would not help the kinds that deserve it, that love tennis and – on top of that – achieve good results?’ I just stand there and he adds: ‘You know what we are going to do? One day, when Hamad makes it, you are going to take someone under your wings and help in the same way.'” It remains to be seen if 19-year-old Medjedovic continues his progression and is able to take up the mantle for Serbian tennis once Djokovic retires.