She is joined by MarkWahlberg, Jay Z and Steven Spielberg, all of whom are displaying quite breathtaking levels of chutzpah in their behaviour. They have just been outed for taking private jets for journeys lasting just minutes - nine of them, in Wahlberg's case. Jenner was airborne for a full 12 minutes, while Spielberg managed 17 - and that was after saying, "I'm terrified of global warming." Not so terrified that he does not take to a mode of transport said to be the worst contributor to global warming of the lot. Personally, I have no intention of giving up flying and I have even flown in a private jet myself. But for nine minutes? Did the limo have a flat tyre that day? Le tout Hollywood, it sometimes seems, queues up to lecture us on our numerous short comings, while at the same time gaily rushing off to behave however they like. Is this what extreme fame and wealth does to you? Puts you in a space where you no longer have any idea how most people live or how your actions come across? Remember when Emma Thompson flew in first class to take part in a climate change protest? As someone once said, you could not make it up. The Swedish eco-brat Greta Thunberg might be a pain in the whatsit, but at least she practises what she preaches, taking tortuously long journeys across the globe to make her point.   If you are looking for a good read, I highly recommend Grace: A Memoir by Grace Coddington, who for years was Anna Wintour's creative director at American Vogue. It is full of stories about the household names of the fashion industry, including Dame A, but it contains one revelation that I doubt would make it into hard covers today. The book came out 10 years ago and Grace is very open about the fact that she would only hire assistants who were good looking (it was Vogue, after all). Anna applied the same criteria. Admit that today and the roof would fall in. How quickly times have changed. The Leeds-based Northern School of Contemporary Dance has dropped ballet from its auditions after branding it an "elitist art form", built around "white European ideas and body shapes." All of that is true but why is it wrong? Will we now ban chamber music, Gregorian chants and opera on the same grounds? Incidentally, the inspirational Carlos Acosta a dance superstar and currently head of the Birmingham Royal Ballet, was sent to ballet school in his native Cuba by his father to bring him under control after running wild with a bad crowd. Not an option for the fathers of Leeds now. And the last time I looked, Carlos certainly was not white.   Spotted on Tuesday as the thermostat soared: a group of young men standing in the full glare of the sunlight swigging back pints. One was shaven headed, three had very pale skin and ginger hair, namely the colouring most likely to burn. I am guessing sunscreen and glasses of water were not on the agenda. The Darwin Awards recognise individuals who have contributed to human evolution by selecting themselves out of the gene pool (ie, dying by stupidity.) Will you tell those lads or shall I?  Helen Mirren has said she wrote to the Queen while performing the role of HM in the film The Queen, saying she hoped she would not be upsetting her. So why take the role in the first place? She also said, "How do you write to your queen? Was it Madam, or Your Highness, or Your Majesty?" Well, it certainly is not, "Your Highness". Did Helen not learn anything from playing the part? Hugh Grant has been shoving his oar in it again, this time calling Priti Patel "the worst Home Secretary in British history." That is as maybe. But at least she did not get arrested after using the services of a prostitute and then proceed to lecture the rest of us about moral standards. Pot, kettle, black. Finally, J-Lo and I have something in common: we have both just married men who we first met decades previously. Congratulations, Bennifer. Long may it last. 