With the summer weather already here, many motorists will be planning road trips and weekend getaways. However, according to the police, this does not give them the right to treat roads as a race track. Police officers in north Wales have issued motorists a warning after a motorist was caught travelling at 124mph. The driver was spotted in a rare Ferrari F40 worth over £1million. The incident took place on a coastal road in north Wales. The driver of the vehicle will now face losing his licence. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel prices in urban and rural areas are a 'major worry' On top of the neck-breaking speeds, officers from North Wales Police's Roads Policing Unit were also shocked to discover that the car had a brake light out and a missing number plate. A spokesperson for the Roads Policing Unit said: "We know it was the F1 British Grand Prix last weekend but the A55 isn't a racetrack. "This beautiful Ferrari F40 was stopped near Bangor earlier after clocking up speeds of up to 124mph. “Yes, you read that right, 124mph. DON'T MISS Driving can be quicker and cheaper than airport chaos for Britons [INSIGHT] Driver sparks debate for getting parking fine after £250 Tesco shop [REVEAL] The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows [ADVICE] "Car stopped. Ticket issued, and likelihood is the driver will go to court and get disqualified from driving. "Car also had no front number plate and had a defective brake light. “It doesn't matter what you drive, you must ensure your vehicle is in full working order." The news comes after another motorist was caught travelling at a whopping 140mph earlier this year. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers face daily charges with new Clean Air Zones In May, police officers pulled over a BMW driver who was travelling at an astounding 140mph on the M62. The motorist also had the “audacity” to tell officers that he was only doing 75mph. The officers claimed that the driver, who already had six points on his driving licence, showed “complete disregard for road safety”. He was also one of “many drivers” on the Yorkshire stretch of the motorway to commit the offence. PC Martin Willis, who has been nicknamed “Motorway Martin”, took to social media to describe the incident. He wrote: "Just another of the many drivers on the M62 tonight who have a complete disregard for road safety. “The driver of this vehicle even had the audacity to try and claim that he was only doing 75mph. “He already has six points on his licence (you've guessed it) for speeding. No words." However, this was not the fastest speed ever recorded on a British motorway. Yorkshire Live reported that last year a driver was caught speeding at more than 150mph on the M62. Humberside Police said the motorist, who was clocked at 154mph, had claimed he was "testing the car's performance". It was one of the fastest speeds recorded by police on the road.