Mercedes boss Toto Wolff and Red Bull team principal Christian Horner are united in their stance against the booing of Max Verstappen at qualifying for the British Grand Prix. The local fans were certainly vocal in their support of seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton, which means they found their villain in 2021 rival and reigning world champion Verstappen. During a wet session on Saturday at Silverstone, Verstappen qualified second on the grid as Ferrari star Carlos Sainz secured his maiden career pole position. The Spaniard put in a stunning final lap to secure pole ahead of Verstappen and teammate Charles Leclerc. On his first attempt at putting in a lap in Q3, Verstappen spun to the cheers of the Silverstone fans - although the Dutchman put in a faster time than many of his rivals, which set an eerie precedent. During the post-qualifying interview on the Hamilton straight, Verstappen - the current championship leader - was heavily booed. The animosity from the crowd comes after the fierce rivalry between Verstappen and Hamilton captivated the sporting world. Their title battle was intensified by their crash at Silverstone 12 months ago, when the Dutchman was planted into a wall coming out of Copse corner. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton recalled Queen's reaction as he fumbled royal protocol Despite being a fierce competitor against Verstappen and Red Bull in 2021, Wolff was disappointed in the reaction of the crowd towards the 24-year-old. Wolff insisted: “We shouldn't be hearing any booing at any sport. “That is unsportsmanlike. It is clear we love the support the drivers have here, and the team, that is fantastic, the enthusiasm. “If you are not into the other guys then remain silent, that would be a good way [to act]. The booing, I think no driver deserves any booing, whatever happened last year and whatever the competition is.” DON'T MISSRacing driver banned from entering UK for British GP British GP qualifying results: Sainz beats Verstappen to poleMercedes break F1 curfew at Silverstone fixing Lewis Hamilton's car In a surprising turn of events, Horner actually agreed with his Mercedes counterpart. The 48-year-old was also particularly unimpressed with the abuse aimed at Verstappen. “It's such a big crowd here this weekend,” Horner conceded when speaking to Sky Sports F1. “It's disappointing to hear the boos but that's the way it is.” The stance from both team bosses is undoubtedly unusual given the intense verbal war between the pair that perhaps even exceeded the fierce rivalry between Hamilton and Verstappen on the track. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on July 3.