Princess Eugenie is a royal fashionista and is unafraid to experiment with trends - whether HRH the Queen approves or not. The York Princess is particularly fond of dark nail polish. There are no rules specifically which prohibit royal women from wearing dark nail polish. However, it is rumoured that the Queen is not the biggest fan of darker shades. Indeed, HRH sticks to one old reliable when it comes to decorating her nails. This is Essie Ballet Slippers, available at Boots for just £7.99. READ MORE: Kate and Princess Beatrice step out in almost matching dresses Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: "Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails." Instead, nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are preferred by the Queen. But the Queen's granddaughter Eugenie is very much partial to a dark red - or even almost black - nail polish. During Her Majesty's Jubilee celebrations, the royal was spotted wearing dark nail polish on two occasions. She boasted red tips on June 3 at the National Service of Thanksgiving. She opted for a vibrant orange Emilia Wickstead 'Amelia' dress and 'Carey' slingback heels in black. To accessorise, she held a Yves Saint Laurent black handbag, and wore a black fascinator in her hair. The cool and quirky Princess added a further pop of colour to her dress with nude nail beds and red tips. READ MORE: 'Flawless' Kate wears nearly £4k worth of dresses at Wimbledon Days later, on June 5, the royal attended the Platinum Pageant boasting the same nail design. She wore a burgundy dress and a black leather jacket. Her nails were on full view as she held sweet baby August on her lap. But the Platinum Jubilee wasn't the first time Princess Eugenie opted for darker nails. She was snapped heading to the Annual Buckingham Palace Christmas Lunch Hosted By The Queen on December 16, 2015. To complement her black outfit, she went for a festive reindeer design, boating gold, black, white and red. In 2018, Eugenie wowed at the Serpentine Gallery Summer Party 2018 in a one-shoulder black gown with a blue and purple floral design. However, the most striking element of her look was her chic purple-back nail polish.