Speaking to Closer, a source claimed Meghan has “a lot more going on than people think”, and has even been dubbed “the Princess of Montecito” as she carves out a new lifestyle in Santa Barbara. She lives with Prince Harry in an £11million nine-bed mansion in Montecito, a town in Santa Barbara, close to LA, with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The couple have been spotted dining at lavish restaurants and spending time at the elite Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club, membership for which costs over £8,000 a month - but Ms Markle has her eyes on her next move, the source claims. The source said: “There’s a lot more going on in Meghan’s world than people think. "Her royal status gives her a lot of leverage. “She spends most of her time in Montecito, but she heads into LA every week or so. “Meghan loves driving around LA to go to the same hiking trails that she used to visit back in the day, well off the beaten track. “Often she’ll head off just herself and the dogs [Pula and Guy], which gives her time to reflect.” Meghan previously revealed in her now defunct lifestyle blog, The Tig, that she likes a slow-paced morning, with meditation, journaling and hot yoga. She wrote: “On my perfect day, I would wake up late, take my dogs for a walk, do some yoga before a perfect sashimi lunch.”  Sources have previously revealed how the actress-turned-humanitarian has been planning for a career move into politics. This seemed even more likely after Ms Markle revealed last month that she would be heading to Washington after speaking out against the Roe V. Wade ruling, which bans abortion across several US states. The source added: “With all this speculation around her political career ambitions, everyone thinks Harry would be happy at the idea of being First Gentleman if she accomplishes her long-term goal. “Having said that, he might be fine with it right now – but you have to wonder for how much longer.” READ MORE: Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [REVEAL] Ms Markle is also thought to be working on podcast Archetypes, set to be released this summer as part of the couple’s £21 million Spotify deal. The source said: “Their home is large enough to host most of her business meetings, but sometimes Meghan will secretly book a conference room at the five-star Beverly Hills Hotel, known to locals as The Pink Palace. “She’s throwing herself into work on her podcast at the moment, which she can work on from home.” Prince Harry is also reportedly happy to support Ms Markle in these endeavours, with the source claiming: “He’s up at the crack of dawn getting the kids fed, washed and dressed. DON'T MISS: ‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans [REVEAL]Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ in upscale restaurants [INSIGHT]Prince Harry given brutal two-word warning after Duke 'wages war' [ANALYSIS] “Meghan’s often very busy on business Zoom calls, or nipping into LA for meetings, which Harry often chauffeurs her to. “Then he’s back to the kids as soon as possible because he doesn’t like leaving them with nannies.” Ms Markle also reportedly spends a lot of time with good friend Oprah Winfrey, as well as building friendships with Ellen DeGeneres, Serena Williams, James Corden, and their neighbours, Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry. The source said: “She spends a fair amount of time at Oprah’s palatial house, where they’ll kick back with her closest friend, Gayle King, and talk about everything from Meghan’s future plans to what’s going on back in the UK and how Harry’s coping with everything.”