Tennis great John McEnroe hailed it the ‘greatest feeling’ a tennis player can have after Cameron Norrie overcame a five-set marathon to beat David Goffin and become just the fourth Briton to reach the Wimbledon semi-finals in the Open Era. Goffin twice led by a set, only to be the victim of an incredible Norrie fightback. Norrie was playing in his first Grand Slam quarter-final and got off to a bad start as he lost the first set 6-3. But the 26-year-old fought back, winning the next set 5-7 before overcoming another dropped set to win the next two in a remarkable contest. As Norrie’s victory over Goffin was confirmed, BBC commentator McEnroe exclaimed: "This is the greatest feeling you can possibly have and he's feeling it right now." Only Roger Taylor, Tim Henman and Andy Murray have reached Wimbledon semi-finals in the Open Era, which started in 1968. Of the trio, only Murray has won the tournament - in 2013 and 2016. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios reacts as Netflix cameras follow Aussie around Wimbledon Norrie can now dream of repeating Murray’s success but faces a daunting semi-final against six-times champion Novak Djokovic. They will clash on centre court on Friday. "I'm honestly speechless. I can't even talk. I'm so happy to get through with such a great team, such a great family and friends here,” Norrie told the BBC after his victory over Goffin. The Court No 1 crowd were behind Norrie throughout the clash and cheered him on to success. Asked about the impact of the crowd, Norrie added: "It wasn't going my way from the beginning. All credit to David, he was moving me and playing really good, but thanks to you guys I managed to stay as patient as I could. "It was all just adrenaline, using my legs and trying to put the ball in the court, and it's great to get over the line." DON'T MISS...Nick Kyrgios reacts as Netflix cameras follow Aussie around WimbledonJabeur and Maria break new ground with Wimbledon quarter-final winsWimbledon release statement as Nick Kyrgios faces assault allegations He continued: “I think just winning a match like this… I’m in shock. I don’t know what to say now. But just straight flashbacks of all the hard work, all the pre-seasons and all the sacrifices I’ve had to make.” Norrie will play Djokovic on centre court in Friday’s semi-final. Their only previous meeting came in the ATP tour finals in Italy last year, with Djokovic winning 6-2 6-1. He said about facing the 20-time Grand Slam winner: “Yeah it’s great to win this but it only gets tougher. I know he’s gonna come out and I’m going to enjoy that and take it to him and hopefully you guys can get behind me again – I’m sure you will. “I’m looking forward to it. Can’t enjoy it too much now, just get ready for Novak in a couple of days.”