Alex de Minaur was briefly booed on Court One after knocking out Liam Broady before they cheered his name with the British supporters getting behind the Aussie. De Minaur ended Jack Draper's dream Wimbledon run on Thursday after beating the 20-year-old enjoyed a strong grasscourt season.  The young Brit was through to the second round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career after making his main draw debut last year. But De Minaur had too much for Draper in the end with the Aussie setting up another contest against Brit in the shape of Broady. Just like Draper, Broady too was enjoying a career-best run at Wimbledon in reaching the third round. He pulled off an impressive win over No 12 seed Diego Schwartzman in the last round. And the Brit needed to be at his best once again against the in-form De Minaur, but the Australian tennis star made a sensational star and looked unbeatable on serve. The 23-year-old won didn't drop a single point when his first serve landed in until the second set.  Broady battled to stay in the match after going two sets down and he saved a number of match points with De Minaur on serve at the end of the third. But De Minaur eventually got the job done in front of a packed Court One, who rose to their feet to celebrate both players. However, De Minaur was momentarily the villain of Wimbledon when, during his on-court interview, he was reminded that he had 'broken some British hearts' by knocking out Draper and Broady in quick succession. The crowd booed with De Minaur clapping his hands together to pray for forgiveness.  But when asked whether he thought he had won this crowd over, those inside Court One erupted into cheers. "That sound pretty good to me," he said with a smile. "I appreciate all the support. I really cherish every moment I can get on this court and if I can get your guys' support, it means the world. I appreciate it. "I'm just gonna try keep on doing me, stay myself, stay excited, stay pumped and hopefully we can keep it going."