Erling Haaland has said Jack Grealish has ‘got to get better’ as he settles in at Manchester City. The Norwegian international’s comments came after scoring his first goal since joining the club during their 1-0 friendly victory against Bayern Munich. Haaland has been the most high-profile transfer in the Premier League so far this season after his arrival in a £51.2million deal from Borussia Dortmund. The 22-year-old is already widely considered to be one of the best strikers in world football and he has the potential to become the best player in the world. He has wasted no time in linking up with England international Grealish as he gets to know his new team. It was the winger’s cross that created the opening for Haaland to open his City account. Despite the assist, however, the forward highlighted that there are still improvements that the former Aston Villa man can make to his game. "He's good, he has to get better, I have to get better,” the Norway international said. “But it's a good link and I like the vibe around him so it's going to be fun". DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa draw The pair appear to be getting on well on and off the pitch since the striker joined with both players seen laughing and joking together after the game. Haaland also spoke about being happy with his own performance in the pre-season victory, appreciating that his arrival will force the Sky Blues to play in a different way. Pep Guardiola usually opted to play without a traditional No 9 last season, tending to prefer midfielders Kevin de Bruyne, Phil Foden and Raheem Sterling in a withdrawn forward role. "As you probably all know I have been watching a lot of City games over the last year and they have played without a striker so of course I've been seeing myself in this kind of situation today," Haaland added. READ MORE: Man Utd can win Cristiano Ronaldo situation by pushing for swap deal (INSIGHT)Ronaldo agent wants to 'facilitate' two deals for Man Utd exit (NEWS)Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to make Ronaldo feel 'like a baby' (ANALYSIS) He also joked about being able to finally get the better of Bundesliga champions after seven attempts at Dortmund. "First time win against Bayern after seven losses in a row so to win against Bayern feels good and it was good to get a test before Liverpool in the week." City play Liverpool in the Community Shield at Wembley next Saturday with their season getting properly underway against West Ham on 7th August.