The Prime Minister stunned Westminster last Wednesday after he took the unusual decision to put forward a confidence motion in the Government. It came after ministers rejected a similar motion put forward by the Labour Party. Sir Keir Starmer attacked the Conservatives for allowing Mr Johnson to remain at the helm during the Tory leadership contest. He criticised Conservative MPs for letting the incumbent at No10 "cling on" until September 5 and tabled a no confidence motion to force parliamentarians to say whether they supported him staying on as interim Prime Minister. No confidence motions by the Opposition are usually always given time for debate by the Government, but Sir Keir's vote was rejected by ministers last week who said he had failed to use the correct wording. Fixing Labour's blunder, Mr Johnson instead put forward a confidence motion in himself to give MPs the chance to debate the Government. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG A Government spokeswoman said: "Labour were given the option to table a straightforward vote of no confidence in the Government in keeping with convention, however, they chose not to. "To remedy this, we are tabling a motion which gives the House the opportunity to decide if it has confidence in the Government. "The Government will always allow time for appropriate House matters whilst ensuring that it delivers parliamentary business to help improve people's everyday lives." Confidence votes can trigger a general election if lost by the Government. However, it remains unlikely MPs will vote to go to the polls today with Tories set to back Mr Johnson. Their support comes despite the large revolt against his leadership two weeks ago when mass Government resignations forced him to announce his departure from Downing Street. DON'T MISS:Truss fights way back in Tory leader contest with Rishi slapdown [ANALYSIS]Awkward moment Tory leadership candidates fail to back Boris [WATCH] A fake Brexiteer Tory leader WILL lose next election [COMMENT]  Mr Johnson is this afternoon expected to lead the debate on his Government himself. It will potentially be the last time he debates Sir Keir as Prime Minister in the House of Commons. Last week the Conservative leader hinted he may not be at Prime Ministers Questions this Wednesday, with speculation he is planning an international trip. Parliament will then rise for the summer recess, with MPs not due to return before a new Tory leader and Prime Minister has been appointed.  Ahead of the vote, Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey, who has tabled an amendment demanding Mr Johnson resign immediately, said: "Conservative MPs have the chance to show they are listening to the people by getting rid of this failing Prime Minister. "Boris Johnson should go now and, when a new Conservative leader is in place, we should have a general election so that people can kick out these Conservatives once and for all." Sir Keir said: "The Tory party has at last concluded that the Prime Minister is unfit for office, that was blindingly obvious a very, very long time ago. "He is leaving because his own party has concluded that he can’t be trusted. "They can’t now let him cling on for weeks, and weeks, and weeks until the 5th of September. It would be intolerable for the country." 