Things are heating up in P-Valley as Mercedes (played by Brandee Evans) has been embarking on a complicated relationship entanglement with Coach (Sherman Augustus) and his wife Farrah (Shamika Cotton). The Starz stripper drama continues to follow the dancer and the rest of the gang at The Pynk, struggling to make ends meet while trying to pursue their own personal dreams. So what do we know about actress Brandee Evans who portrays the forever sassy Mercedes? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley. Very little is known about Brandee Evan's private life nowadays as the 37-year-old prefers to keep personal matters out of the spotlight. However, two years ago, she did explain to Madamenoire that prior to her getting the role in P-Valley, she went through a terrible time in her life. Although his identity is unknown, Evans was married, but she was left widowed. Going by the star's comments, it is thought that he was a military man and died on duty. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ This wasn't the only heartbreak for Evans though as she also lost a child. Evans divulged: “I was on vacation when I had a stillbirth at 39 weeks. “My whole life came crashing down. On top of that, my husband had gotten deployed and I lost my job coaching because, like Mercedes, I was very tough. "The girls actually won nationals but I was still fired. I’ve now lost my husband. "I’ve lost my job and I’ve lost my daughter." Evans took a vacation to Los Angeles where she would take dance classes in the hope it would "just make things better". This in turn led to her auditioning and taking on professional work as a dancer, including joining the dance troupe on a tour with rapper Lil' Wayne. She gave up her position as an English teacher and has since danced at almost every top awards show, minus the Oscars. Evans went on to join actress Tasha Smith's acting class and landed herself a starring role in P-Valley as a result. DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 theory: Hope to suffer another health scare [THEORY]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [CAST]P-Valley’s Big Teak star sent tributes after heartbreaking death [TRIBUTE] Mercedes isn't having an easy time of it in the Starz drama after injuring herself when she fell from the top of the pole. In need of money, so she can remain financially secure and continue pursuing her dreams of becoming of re-opening a gymnastics studio, she turns to Coach. He offers her a sugar baby contract worth $40,000 which Mercedes only agrees to with his wife Farrah's permission. Unexpectedly, Farrah is not only happy with the arrangement, she wants to join in. However, it doesn't go as smoothly as expected as Coach starts to get jealous. He and Farrah end up in a blazing row, accusing her of cheating on him and throws Mercedes out of the house. Coach terminates their agreement, leaving Mercedes unsure of what to do next. P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.