Washing machines are one of the most used appliances, with laundry seeming like a never-ending chore for many households. However, according to data from AEG, cleaning your washing machine is a task which is falling to the wayside for many people. According to the analysis, washing machines should be cleaned every two to three weeks. However, an estimated 63 percent of Britons are leaving the job "longer" than the recommended time. Cleaning your washing machine doesn't just mean a quick wipe with a damp cloth. Instead, residents should be tackling build-ups inside their washing machines. READ MORE: Laundry hacks: Why you should never wash towels or sheets with clothes This includes removing the detergent drawer and giving it a good scrub. Nicki Rodriguez, also known as the Essex House Dolly, has warned that failure to clean these areas can result in damaging "build-ups". She explained: "You should always remove the drawer fully and clean inside the drawer slot which can gather excess detergent and fabric conditioner which, if left to build up, will stop your machine functioning properly." Experts from RealHomes shared a "basic" method for cleaning both the interior and exterior of your washing machine. The key to a perfect deep clean is to use "very hot water". The experts explained: "The first thing to know about cleaning a washing machine is that very hot water will do a lot of the job for you. "So if you've never cleaned your washing machine, just pop it on the hottest cycle it's got with no clothes in it. DON'T MISSMum completely transforms caravan she bought for just £1.4k [INSIGHT]Couple boost property value by £175,000 with nifty £2,500 renovation [REVEALED]Shoppers praise Lynsey TV Queen of Clean's carpet cleaner - below £50 [COMMENT] "You can use a washing machine cleaner or a bit of laundry detergent, but even just near-boiling water should give you a clean(er) washing machine." In order to throughly clean the inside of your appliance, you will need to remove all of the durable elements. These should be left in a basin of warm soapy water to soak while you tackle the rest of your machine. An old toothbrush or bottle-cleaner can be utilised to get inside more intricate parts of the appliance, or hard-to-reach areas. After cleaning, let the drawer dry out before reassembling. Make sure to give the detergent drawer housing a wipe-down before returning the drawer. This can be done with a damp cloth.