England will play their second game of Euro 2022 when they take on Norway in Brighton on Monday evening. The Lionesses kicked off their Group A campaign with a solid, if unspectacular, 1-0 victory over Austria at Old Trafford last week, with a 16th minute Beth Mead goal proving the difference. Sarina Wiegman's side can effectively seal their qualification for the next round with victory against their Scandinavian opponents. But Norway themselves got off to a perfect start with a 4-1 thrashing of Northern Ireland, and are certainly no pushovers. Speaking ahead of the game, forward Ellen White said: “They’re a great side, they’ve got some great players and they’re really well organised, so it will be a tough game on Monday. “I think they’re a phenomenal team, and this is a really tough group. But we watched it, we’ve analysed it and we’re fully focused on what we can do. It’s a big, big game for us, and we’re excited for it." Here are all the details you need to know before the clash... When is England vs Norway? England take on Norway on Monday, July 10, with the match getting underway at 8pm at Brighton & Hove Albion's Amex Stadium. What TV channel and live stream is showing the England vs Norway match? England vs Norway will be free to watch as it is set to be broadcast on BBC One. It will also be streamed live on the BBC iPlayer. The BBC coverage will start at 7.35pm and will be presented by Gabby Logan, with analysis from Alex Scott, Ian Wright and Jonas Eideval, and commentary by Robyn Cowen and Rachel Brown-Finnis. The England squad Goalkeepers: Mary Earps (Manchester United), Hannah Hampton (Aston Villa), Ellie Roebuck (Manchester City) Defenders: Millie Bright (Chelsea), Lucy Bronze (Manchester City), Jess Carter (Chelsea), Rachel Daly (Houston Dash), Alex Greenwood (Manchester City), Demi Stokes (Manchester City), Lotte Wubben-Moy (Arsenal) Midfielders: Fran Kirby (Chelsea), Jill Scott (Aston Villa, loan from Manchester City), Georgia Stanway (Manchester City), Ella Toone (Manchester United), Keira Walsh (Manchester City), Leah Williamson (Arsenal) Forwards: Bethany England (Chelsea), Lauren Hemp (Manchester City), Chloe Kelly (Manchester City), Beth Mead (Arsenal), Nikita Parris (Arsenal), Alessia Russo (Manchester United), Ellen White (Manchester City)