The BBC will see a review of its TV licence fee delayed as the UK waits for the Conservative Party to select the next Prime Minister. The current system has been facing heavy criticism for years, as proponents of defunding the BBC question the growing cost Britons face each year to contribute to the national broadcaster's producing strategy. TalkTV showbusiness editor Johnny Seifert defended the licence fee system but was met himself with backlash from social media users demanding a change to an opt-out system. Mr Seifert said: "Look, it's 44p a day - think how much content you're creating. "The BBC are adapting so, for example, this summer EastEnders, you can watch all the episodes on a Monday or you can watch every single night religiously. "We know CBBC is going to move online next year. The thing with content is they make amazing dramas, we need that money. "Things like Vigil last year, Line of Duty, the drama that goes into that, the writing that goes into that, you want to pay for that content." JUST IN: Boris urged to REVOKE resignation as shock poll shows 85% still want him as PM He continued: " Also, they can send it abroad and they're going to make the money back. "At the end of the day we want that content. "Don't get rid of the license fee because if you get rid of it, you'll lose the amazing contests and events you get, and it makes a TV gap. Why would you want to do that?" But Twitter users challenged the attempt to defend the licence fee, with user @Bonkersbritain1 saying: "A simple option to opt-out of all BBC programs is all we need." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Andrew Neil shreds dim Remoaner argument as EU faces 'double whammy' crisis @TheCrusader1711 added: "Scrap the licence fee now. "It should be subscription not taxation." @Ink_Spot_Slot wrote: "Yep, that's 44p I'm being robbed of because I don't watch any BBC content, being forced to pay for something I neither want, watch or need is criminal. "Just another tax on top of all the other criminal taxes we have to pay." DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION]  And @andybol65 said: "And when people can’t afford to feed their kids or put the heating on that 44p a day could be the difference between a dinner and not a dinner. "7 days=£3.08p.30 days=&13.20p. There should be an opt-out not to watch BBC." He added: "Jobseekers allowance is £11.92p a week roughly. TV license is £3.08p more than 10% of weekly money for the unemployed. "It needs to be of subscription instead of a form of taxation. To many stealth taxes and VAT put on items food fuel energy in UK. Time 4 a proper taxation reset." Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries suggested earlier this year the BBC TV licence fee system could end following the next review.