Chris Eubank Jr seemingly won't be short of fight options if his highly-anticipated clash with Connor Benn falls through. The two second generation stars have been locked in negotiations for a blockbuster fight at the O2 Arena in London on October 8, but talks have stumbled over a reported disagreement over a rehydration clause. The pair are reportedly set to meet each other at 156lb catchweight, meaning both would have to alter current training regimes. Benn, who boasts a perfect pro 21-0 record, has never fought above welterweight [147lb] while Eubank Jr, who stands at 34-2, has never gone lower then middleweight [160lb]. As Benn is giving up a notable weight advantage, his team are allegedly desperate to insert a rehydration clause for Eubank Jr, which would mean a secret second weigh-in on the morning of the fight. It's led to leading pundits like Sky's Johnny Nelson voicing doubt over whether the 32-year-old will go through with the fight. Despite the speculation, on Wednesday Benn, 25, insisted that the the fight would be confirmed in the next '24-48 hours', but in the meantime other options have emerged for his touted opponent. WBO middleweight champion Demetrius Andrade has called out Eubank Jr, claiming both men will make 'over a million' dollars if they went head-to-head. JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk using Mike Tyson tactic as Anthony Joshua told he's giving him 'everything'  And it seems Andrade isn't the only one in line, with American middleweight Jermall Charlo revealing his own hit-list, which includes the Sussex-born star: "I want to fight Demetrius Andrade next," he said. "So y'all need to stop talking s***. I wanna fight him next - I wanna fight Oscar De La Hoya, David Benavidez, Demetrius Andrade and Chris Eubank." The quote was tweeted by talkSPORT online boxing editor Michael Benson, although was met with scepticism from boxing fans given that De La Hoya, 49, was amongst those named. "Where did De La Hoya come from?" asked @Markie45675752, "the others I can understand." DON'T MISS:UFC chief Dana White breaks silence on Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather 'agreement'What Jake Paul was told when trying to get Tommy Fury replacement fight sanctionedAnthony Joshua told to inflict same violence from 2015 fight on Oleksandr Usyk  @BoxingN3rd echoed similar sentiments, writing: "Never believe a word out of Mall's mouth til we see real offers made. Boxing's most blatant [duck] and the fact that he snuck Oscar in there? That's probably as realistic as the other guys he listed happening so I'm not shocked."