Sir Cliff Richard has cut £200,000 off the price of his luxury Barbados villa to £6.6million - three years after the six-bedroom pad first went on the market. Coral Sundown boasts six en-suites, each with a view of the Caribbean Sea, as well as a bar, swimming pool and a covered terrace. Originally putting his 26-acre property on the market in 2017, the 81-year-old singer, who is a full citizen of Barbados, set an asking price of £6.8million in 2019, but failed to find a buyer. The luxury villa is situated in the exclusive Sugar Hill Estate, on the west coast of the sun-soaked island of Barbados. Hamptons International has the property on the market for £6,606,000. Indoor-outdoor living is the order of the day at Sir Cliff's paradise home. The 2.6 acre property has six en-suite bedrooms, a family room and a powder room. Aside from half a dozen bedrooms, all ensuite, the new owner will also have access to a family TV room, a spacious kitchen with staff quarters and laundry room, and a large covered terrace with a formal dining area and informal seating areas. READ MORE: Inside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen The open-plan sitting room boasts marble flooring and copious fans to keep the space cool. It leads out to this impressive terrace, which overlooks Sir Cliff's private pool. Not surprisingly, given that Sir Cliff is a huge tennis fan, there are private tennis courts on the grounds of Coral Sundown, as well as this impressive private pool. Owners and residents of Sugar Hill Estate have access to further amenities, including more flood-lit tennis courts, a Clubhouse with on-site restaurants, a communal pool overlooking the Caribbean Sea and a gym as well as 24 hour security. Each of the property's six en-suite bedrooms has its own beautiful and uninterrupted view of the Caribbean Sea. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]‘Essential’ tip to keep hydrangeas ‘thriving’ in heatwaves [TIPS]‘Really important’ tip to ensure tomato plants survive hot weather [INSIGHT] Four are located on the ground floor with direct access to manicured gardens. The two main suites have panoramic balconies, while there is also a covered terrace with a bar and large swimming pool. The singer - who has sold more than 250 million records - also has a pool house with an additional kitchen and dining room. He has lived on the idyllic island for more than 20 years, however now resides primarily in the USA. Sir Cliff is spending less time in the UK following a high profile police raid on his property in 2014. READ MORE: Woman left furious as neighbour accuses her of stealing his tree In 2016, he sold his Berkshire apartment for £2.6 million which he said had been “defiled” by the televised raid. The singer has since successfully sued the BBC for defamation over the incident. He described the accusations - which he was never arrested or charged over - as “two years of hell”. It appears Sir Cliff has chosen to move to New York to try and stay out of the limelight. He relocated to the USA because he likes the “anonymity” of America, his friend Gloria Hunniford said. Estate agents at Hamptons said: “A unique luxury villa in the exclusive Sugar Hill Estate, Coral Sundown boasts some of the most magnificent views of Barbados” clear waters. “Every bedroom faces the Caribbean Sea and all vantage points are blessed with beautiful views. “The ground floor accommodates four bedroom suites that open out to the lush gardens. “The two main suites are located on the first level and open out to private balconies with panoramic sea views. “Coral Sundown is ideal for entertaining and boasts a spacious kitchen with staff quarters and laundry room. “The property is fully enclosed with lush grounds that include private tennis courts, a double car garage and welcoming driveway lined with palm trees. “Owners and residents of Sugar Hill Estate have access to the community's wonderful amenities including flood-lit tennis courts, clubhouse with on-site restaurants, communal pool overlooking the Caribbean sea and gym, as well as 24-hour security.”