Adele, 34, divorced charity boss Simon Konecki and later started a relationship with sports agent Rich Paul, but she's determined that the nine-year-old son she shares with Simon will not be impacted negatively by her break-up with his father. The songstress says she's been "blessed" by having the "best" ex and that there is no messy fallout. "[The divorce] was never really tricky, because we’re such good friends," she explained to BBC Radio 4's Lauren Laverne. "Over my dead body is my kid having a messy divorce in his life!" She continued to the Desert Island Discs host: "There are no issues and there were no issues. "I was blessed with [Simon], he’s just the best." READ NOW: Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids Adele told Lauren that she had definitely approached the divorce "with grace" and that she thinks her attitude to the situation "really paid off". The multimillion-selling artist had come to a point where she realised she was unhappy with her marriage, and had to free herself. She even wrote a song, My Little Love, featuring conversations she and son Angelo had as he came to terms with the changes in their lives. "Mummy's been having a lot of big feelings recently. ... I feel a bit confused," she tells him in one part of the song. Then she explains: "I love your dad 'cause he gave you to me. You're half me and you're half Daddy." In one poignant moment during the song, Angelo can be heard telling his mother, "Oi, I feel like you don't love me," only for her to reply reassuringly: "You know mummy doesn't like anyone else like I like you, right?" Earlier this year, after going public in her new relationship with Rich, 40, she flashed a sparkling ring on her wedding finger during an appearance on The Graham Norton Show. DON'T MISS... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [INSIGHT] Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [DEBATE] 'Queen!' Beyonce strips naked and rides horse for 'Renaissance' [LATEST]  Though things have recently been chaotic, she says Rich has kept her stable, and encouraged her to enjoy life and try new things. "He’s like ‘If you want to go to that restaurant, you should go and try the food at that restaurant, and if you want to go to this birthday party, then you should be going. "'You can’t miss out on these things, what’s the worst that could happen?'" she explained. She told Lauren that she is hoping to have "a couple more" children, although she is happy with just Angelo if her family-building ambitions don't go according to plan. Meanwhile she has promised that her cancelled Las Vegas residency dates from January will definitely be rescheduled for a later date. She added that she remains unrepentant about postponing, despite going through a "grieving" process about letting her fans down. “I thought I could pull it together and make it work and I couldn’t, and I stand by that decision,” she asserted. “I’m not going to just do a show because I have to or because people are going to be let down or because we’re going to lose loads of money. "I’m like, the show’s not good enough!"