Queen Elizabeth II made her latest appearance today in Maidenhead. She looked dainty and elegant in blue and white. She wore a stunning aquamarine brooch, reportedly worth £15,000. The Queen stepped out wearing a mid-length dress in pale blue. It was adorned with pretty white and grey flowers, which covered the entire dress. The sleeves were the dress were long, touching the monarch's wrists. It fell just below the knee. READ MORE: Legs for days: Zara tindall's best mini dresses over the years HRH looked summery as she joined Jonathan Jones, Chair of Trustees. She looked incredibly smiley and in good spirits as she walked into the building. To accessorise, the Queen went for her signature pearl earrings and three-strand pearl necklace. Her prized pearl necklace has become synonymous with the Queen over the years. Maxwell Stone from Steven Stone jewellers estimated just how much the fabulous, elegant piece is worth. He stated: "Only a very small percentage of pearls used for jewellery are natural, with most of them being cultured. "If these pieces are made up from natural pearls, they are going to be incredibly rare, not to mention valuable. "One single natural pearl is worth around £3,000, and as the Queen has a three-strand necklace, this could be worth anywhere from £600,000 to £1,000,000." READ MORE: 'Goddess' Zara Tindall turns heads in blue mini dress - pictures The Queen also went for her trusty black handbag, which she draped across one arm. The material of the bag is patent leather. She also donned a pair of trusty black shoes, complete with a silver buckle. A chic tortoiseshell cane assisted the 96-year-old monarch with her walking. The standout element of the Queen's ensemble was her mesmerising aquamarine brooch. Said brooch appears to be The Queen Mother’s Aquamarine Art Deco Brooch. The exquisite jewel is set with diamonds and bright blue aquamarines. While the Queen did inherit the brooch upon her mother's death in 2002, her first public appearance wearing it was in June 2014 at Royal Ascot. Since then the monarch has worn it a number of times. Anthony French, Diamond expert at Austen & Blake, told Express.co.uk: "This spectacular piece is likely worth around £15,000.”