The rocket could “impact flights” to several top holiday destinations. Holiday spots affected include Spain, Portugal, France and Italy. The Civil Aviation Authority has issued a warning. It said: “The European Union Space Surveillance and Tracking (EU SST) consortium has been tracking a large space rocket and estimate it will re-enter earth atmosphere between Saturday 30 and Sunday 31 July. “The potential re-entry path does not bring any debris over the UK, but could impact flights planned through Bulgaria, France, Greece, Italy, Malta, Portugal and Spain. “Operators are advised to monitor the situation carefully.” The rocket was blasted on Saturday July 24 and is the second module from the Chinese modular space station, Tiangong. READ MORE: Best UK seaside town with the 'cheapest' pub is 'quiet and peaceful' The space mission was successful and the rocket weighs around 23 tonnes and is one of the “largest pieces of debris re-entering in the near past”. It is most likely that the rocket will land in the sea because oceans cover the majority of the earth’s surface. However, there is a possibility it could fall on a populated area and will re-enter the earth’s atmosphere at a height of 80km. The EU SST said: “These predictions however come with uncertainties as the object is uncontrolled, and a better estimation will only be possible a few hours before the actual re-entry. “Operations centres will keep performing analyses to produce the best possible estimation for the expected re-entry location and time.” The EU SST will continue to monitor the situation and some flights could be disrupted this weekend. The rocket could land in a wide band which encomapsses Portugal, Spain, Greece, Bulgaria, Turkey and parts of Latin America and Asia. Some of the rocket will burn up as gravity drags it through the earth’s atmosphere but some will survive. READ MORE: Spain celebrates beach bodies with new campaign Marlon Sorge, a space debris expert, said he expected around “five to nine metric tonnes” to survive”. Last year, debris from a rocket landed in the Indian Ocean, while in 2018 debris damaged buildings in Ivory Coast. Michael Bayers, a political scientist at the University of British Columbia, found that developing countries are disproportionately at risk from falling space debris. According to NASA, more than 27,000 pieces of space junk are currently being tracked by the Department of Defence’s global Space Surveillance Network. The debris is outside the earth’s atmosphere and is tracked to avoid collisions with spacecraft. British tourists have faced delays in the last few weeks as airports and airlines struggle to cope with demand. Tourists are advised to arrive at the airport two hours before their flight and three hours before a long-haul flight. Britons are likely to face long queues at the Port of Dover this weekend with passengers advised to arrive hours early.