It was Nick Kyrgios Bingo on Centre Court this afternoon right the way up to the usual rant at the umpire. And while Brandon Nakashima remained stoic throughout, there was nothing he could do to prevent Kyrgios from picking him off almost when he chose to with a 4-6, 6-4, 7-6, 3-6, 6-2 win.  Some of the tennis he played was so good that it certainly could have been much quicker. But, hey, this is Kyrgios and there are certain elements he feels he needs to include whenever he plays. From the moment he stepped onto Centre Court wearing bright red trainers, it was clear the controversial Australian would be playing fast and loose with the rules. "Competitors must be dressed in suitable tennis attire that is almost entirely white and this applies from the point at which the player enters the court surround,” the player regulations say. By the time he had come off, there was still no indication from the referee’s office whether there would be yet more sanctions or warnings heading his way. Apart from that, his behaviour was as close to Wimbledon white as it ever gets. Although there were still plenty of tricks up his sleeve that were within the letter if not the spirit of the laws. He was already hitting underarm serves during the warm-up as a signal of intent. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic admits son uses Rafael Nadal trick to 'intimidate' him  It was not till the fourth game, though, that he marked that box on the card formally, Kyrgios’s sneaky underhand delivery hitting the net cord, which rather spoiled the surprise. Next out of the hat was the dramatic medical emergency, with Kyrgios wincing during the ninth game and taking painkillers during the change for what seemed to be a lower back problem. Or was it shoulder? Neither seemed that badly affected. As ever, when Kyrgios’s game went off track, it was the area between the ears that was mainly to blame. Three lightning-fast lacklustre points, an ace, and then Kyrgios slapped the ball needlessly wide to concede the first set, for instance. Raising his game, Kyrgios broke early in the second set, and that heralded the first tweener.  Some of that mesmerising tennis which we all know is there began to flow from his racket but Nakashima hung on and it was only double fault in the tie-break that gave Kyrgios the momentum to edge in front. But having seen the best of him, it was time for the worst of Kyrgios, measured by the fact he had run out of challenges by 3-3 in the fourth set and promptly gave up, allowing his opponent to serve first in the deciding set. Despite blaming the umpire when he wasted another challenge on a Nakashima ace that landed well inside the lines, Kyrgios finally seemed to have found some focus. He had never been beaten in a five-setter here and broke early and convincingly. Another giant ace backed it up with a strong hold. Nakashima saved two more break points in his next service game but now this was the world no. 40 at his relentless best. A bludgeoned cross-court backhand put him two breaks up. A final nonchalant serve and volley on match point shows how easy Kyrgios finds this game sometimes. With Cristian Garin, ranked only 43 in the world, there to meet him in the quarter-finals, the tournament has seemed strangely open for Kyrgios this summer. It is as if the only person capable of knocking him out of Wimbledon is Kyrgios himself.