Nick Kyrgios is only beaten by Roger Federer and Andy Murray as the player Wimbledon fans are excited to watch the most in the history of the tournament, claims Mats Wilander. Seven-time Grand Slam singles champion Wilander believes the crowd loves Kyrgios and even puts him ahead of the great Rafael Nadal in that regard. Nadal could be set for a clash with the Australian this week. If he overcomes Taylor Fritz in his quarter-final on Wednesday and Kyrgios beats Cristian Garin, the duo will meet on Friday at the semi-final stage. Kyrgios has reached the quarter-final at SW19 for just the second time in his career and third time in any major tournament. He has provided plenty of entertainment throughout his four matches to date, as well as his fair share of controversy. Wilander has noticed a big change in the 27-year-old, both physically and mentally. He wonders whether the penny has finally dropped for Kyrgios and he will now be able to compete at the latter stages of Grand Slams.  And the Eurosport pundit has made the huge claim that Kyrgios is just third behind Federer and Murray as players the Wimbledon faithful look forward to seeing the most. Wilander said: “Fans are more excited to have him in the tournament than probably any other player in the history of our sport apart from Roger Federer and Andy Murray at Wimbledon. People love Kyrgios here. “He’s more dedicated. You can see it physically, he’s in better shape. "Mentally you can see it. He’s still Nick Kyrgios but he is focused on most of the points and is focused on winning. He was out there to win.  “Is this Nick Kyrgios that's finally kind of reached his potential in terms of results, and potentially threatens the best players in the world in possibly going all the way or getting to a semi-final Slam, and maybe even having a chance to get to finals? “I would have to say that is the one thing that I'm really looking forward to this week because you don't know if this is what will happen. We might have a different Nick Kyrgios in the future than the one that we have seen for the last six, seven years.” 