Britain’s hopes of a new Wimbledon champion were given a boost on Sunday when Cameron Norrie beat Tommy Paul to secure a place in his first-ever quarter finals of a Grand Slam. The other British players at this year’s tournament have already crashed out, including Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Heather Watson. The first week of Wimbledon saw a host of famous faces in the Royal Box at the Centre Court, including some members of the Royal Family, such as Zara and Mike Tindall, Princess Michael of Kent and Katharine, Duchess of Kent.  Royals have been regular attendees of the annual competition for decades, but some have taken more of an interest than others. A keen sports enthusiast, it is unsurprising Diana, Princess of Wales was a regular fixture at Wimbledon throughout the Eighties and Nineties. She was often spotted in the box, but it has been claimed the princess’ Wimbledon connections extended out of the exclusive enclosure. Former tennis star Slobodan Živojinović claimed he shared a close relationship with the late Princess of Wales.  In 2016, he told a Serbian newspaper the pair were “seeing each other”. Speaking to Kurir, he said he met Diana in 1987 before his match at the SW19 courts. He revealed: "In our first conversation she asked me if I am the tennis player with the fastest serve, and I said: 'Yes'. "Then she asked if my serve was still good. That's when we started hanging out and seeing each other. We were close.  The player went on to claim the relationship continued while she was married to Prince Charles and when he was in a relationship with his then fiancée, with whom he shared son Filip. Živojinović noted that although Diana was allowed to watch the game from the VIP seats, she had preferred to come down into the stand so she could be closer to him. Speaking about the late princess, he said: "She was a wonderful woman. With her I could talk about everything and even simple things became fascinating. "I don't want to speak about it in any detail now that she is no longer with us. "What I can say is that it is great when someone like her comes to watch the match and supports you. "Never happened to me before that someone from the royal family came to support me." The tennis star also said his son remembered the princess, but he had not believed his father when he explained who she was. Živojinović said: "When I told him that she is a princess he was surprised, because every child has its own image on what the look of a princess should be. "He was confused. However, she was really great with kids and understood him." Živojinović retired in 1992, the same year he married his current wife Lepa Brena, a famous Serbian folk singer, who he now shares two children with. That same year, Diana and Charles formally announced their separation. Four years later, after a period of tumultuous back and forth, the royal couple divorced. In August 1997, the princess tragically died in a car crash aged 36. Živojinović, who served as President of the Tennis Federation of Serbia from 2006 to 2011, won two career singles titles (Houston, 1986 and Sydney, 1988), as well as eight doubles titles. Together with Nenad Zimonjić, he is the only tennis player from Serbia to be the world No. 1 in doubles. He reached his highest singles ATP ranking on October 26, 1987, when he became World No. 19.