On Friday morning, presenter Andi Peters made appeared on Lorraine to announce the lucky winner of the ITV competition, Free Cash Friday. However, as the presenter made the phone calls he accidentally revealed the identity of the winner. After a fashion segment looked at the Lioness manager Sarina Wiegman’s power suits, an exciting competition was revealed. Andi announced it was his birthday during his appearance on Lorraine and shared his excitement to reveal the competition winner. Joined by Lorraine Kelly’s replacement Christine Lampard, he made calls across the nation to reveal who won the anticipated prize. Before they contacted the winners, Andi clarified the rules and stated on the third ring, they would move on to the next caller.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub  The first two callers didn’t answer and Andi moved on to the third winner, where he accidentally revealed the winner. Before the phone rang, the presenter said: “Frances,” and spluttered as he realised his mistake. Andi glanced at the crew behind the camera and nervously laughed as he addressed the caller: “If your name's Frances, I’ve said it now, we are dialling you now.” The camera cut to Christine who was in fits of laughter as fashion expert Jo Elvin also laughed at the blunder.     Andi continued: “We are dialling that number.” He joked: “I’ve narrowed it down, if your name's Frances, it’s me calling.” After two rings, the winner answered their phone and there was a trumpet sound as Andi and Christine cheered. The caller confirmed they were Frances from Northamptonshire, to which Andi revealed: “You just won £2,000.” DON'T MISS...Yellowstone newcomer showered with support as they spark concern [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly responds to calls for her to host Eurovision [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly opens up on 'loneliness' at home 'All I want is a hug' [INSIGHT]  Frances screamed with excitement down the phone as she wished the host a “happy birthday". While Andi thanked the caller he found out the competition winner shopped at Sainsbury’s. To which he stated she had won £100 towards her grocery shop. As the morning show is live, this wasn’t the first time presenters have made a blunder during the episode.    Back in 2020 during the pandemic, Andi took to filming from his garage to maintain COVID-19 social distancing guidelines. As he called competition winners from his own studio in the garage, there was a huge crash from behind the scenes. GMB host Ben Shepard asked if everything was okay and Andi revealed he'd broken a light in his garage. Andi explained he had stuck his props to walls using sticky pads, only for the light to drop and hit the floor.  Lorraine airs every weekday at 9am 