After 15 years on ITV’s This Morning alongside his wife Ruth Langsford, 62, Eamonn Holmes was let go from the broadcaster without being given an explanation. He now hosts a new breakfast show on GB news with Isabel Webster and explained he had an "emotional" welcome to the channel. Eamonn won News Presenter of the Year at the TRIC Awards on Wednesday in London. It came over a year after he left ITV after Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary took over from the host and wife Ruth. Speaking about his move to GB News, Eamonn revealed the reception he received was emotional. He said: "I walked into the newsroom, I stood up and they applauded me.   It doesn't get any better than that, it was very emotional. "It was nice to belong. It was nice to feel that you have a role to play. "You don't become any less of a broadcaster because you get older." His comments came after his winner's speech in which he addressed his abrupt exit from ITV, stating it “means a lot this year particularly".   Eamonn said: “I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me. "I never received a single explanation once of why they wanted rid of me, no matter what you have been told." Since his ITV departure, Eamonn hasn’t held back on sharing his thoughts about the broadcaster. At the event he was heard saying: "Good Morning Britain we're coming for you." Eamonn also expressed he believed GB News could overtake the breakfast show.   He said: “No (I don't think their standards are slipping), I just think our standards are amazing. “We are the people's channel." The 62-year-old hopes that next year fans will see GB News storm ahead of the ITV breakfast show. He continued: "Our audience has gone up six-fold. We regularly beat Sky News and Sky News has been in existence for 35 years, I've been there (at GB News) for six months.”   "It's like sport, there's no point in taking part if you don't want to win. “There has been a lot of groundwork, we've worked very, very hard. There's no point doing what you do unless you want to win. “I think you're very lucky to work in television... I was 10 years of age and I wanted to be a news anchor. I am a news anchor. Forty-two years later, I'm still winning awards, which is good." 