Death in Paradise fans were thrilled when it was confirmed a spin-off of the hit BBC drama had been commissioned. The new series will see the return of Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and it’s possible a host of other familiar faces will make an appearance. But, a new poll has revealed that fan-favourite Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules) is the number one prediction for hopeful viewers. The poll finished with Dwayne as the character fans would most like to see return. He received 37 percent of the vote while Sara Martins’ Camille Bordey was in second place with 15 percent of the vote. Florence Cassell (Joséphine Jobert) was close behind with 12 percent while Richard Poole (Ben Miller) and Jack Mooney (Ardal O’Hanlon) followed, each with 11 percent. The RadioTimes.com poll shows that Dwayne is the overwhelming favourite of Death in Paradise fans to return. Read more: Death in Paradise boss details how he replaces detectives The poll finished with Dwayne as the character fans would most like to see return. He received 37 percent of the vote while Sara Martins’ Camille Bordey was in second place with 15 percent of the vote. Florence Cassell (Joséphine Jobert) was close behind with 12 percent while Richard Poole (Ben Miller) and Jack Mooney (Ardal O’Hanlon) followed, each with 11 percent. The RadioTimes.com poll shows that Dwayne is the overwhelming favourite of Death in Paradise fans to return. Danny surprised viewers last Christmas when Dwayne popped up in Death in Paradise’s festival special. He returned to Saint Marie to help DCI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) solve a suspicious murder. The detective needed a helping hand as partner Florence was away visiting family. Dwayne left the show in 2018 after reuniting with his estranged father Nelson (Ram John Holder). Beyond Paradise will take viewers away from Saint Marie to the rural southwest of England. Humphrey departed the island to join his love interest Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) in the UK. The new spin-off will see the couple navigating their life in rural Britain. In a recent interview, Kris revealed filming was due to start soon. DON'T MISSDeath in Paradise's Kris Marshall teases new characters in spin-off [INTERVIEW]Sanditon’s Kris Marshall shares story of awkward wardrobe malfunction [VIDEO]Death in Paradise in calls for Josephine Jobert to replace Ralf Little [INSIGHT] He said: “We start filming imminently, in about three weeks. “We’re in the process now, we’ve got most of the main cast,” he told Digital Spy. “But we’re sort of casting some of the supporting roles.” The actor revealed during an interview on The One Show that the series had been in talks for a while. He shared: “The brilliant Tony Jordan wrote a couple of scripts and we got the spin-off. “It’s very similar in its vein, the main themes are the same but it is very unique as well.” Discussing the premise, he added: “We’re basically following Humphrey and his girlfriend Martha’s journey as they move in with the mother-in-law down in the South West. “His new role is as the detective inspector of the local constabulary, lots of fun.” Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.