Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is a long-time fan of Wimbledon, which began last week and continues until Sunday. As Royal Patron of the All England Club, the Duchess is often a guest in the Royal Box — the most exclusive enclosure in the SW19 courts. Over the years, she has been joined by other royals such as her husband Prince William, Meghan Markle and Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, who was President of the club up until last year.  The duchess has also been accompanied by her close family; her parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, and her sister Pippa Matthews have all been photographed enjoying the tennis alongside the royal. However, one year, Kate revealed bringing her family into the spotlight doesn’t always go to plan. Speaking to the BBC, the future Queen said her father made an effort to play it cool in front of former British number one Tim Henman, but ended up leaving her “mortified”. She told the 2017 documentary ‘Sue Barker: Our Wimbledon’: "My father is not going to appreciate this, but we were walking past Tim Henman and we had just seen Sampras play. READ MORE: Kate and William’s new home near frail Queen has a connection to Andrew's Royal Lodge  "My dad said very coolly: 'Hi Pete'. "I was mortified!" However, Michael’s embarrassing moment didn’t stop the duchess from inviting her father to future tennis tournaments. In 2021, Kate and Michael stepped out together to watch the men's finals between Novak Djokovic and Matteo Berrettini, which saw Djokovic emerge victorious.  But they first settled in for the men's wheelchair final between Britain’s Gordon Reid and Belgium’s Joachim Gerard.  At one point, the father-daughter duo were spotted in fits of uncontainable giggles as they joined in with a crowd wave. The Middleton family are avid tennis fans and are regulars at the tournament every year, with Michael attending with his wife Carole on Wednesday. The parents of the Duchess of Cambridge enjoyed a low-key outing to the south west London courts on day three of the competition. While their royal daughter is yet to make an appearance this year, her cousin-in-law Zara Tindall and her husband Mike were both spotted among the spectators last week. DON'T MISS: Best pictures of Kate Middleton at Wimbledon as iconic tournament returns [PICTURES]Zara and Mike Tindall cause fan frenzy after couple share rare royal PDA at Wimbledon [LATEST]Queen sends fans wild in resurfaced clip as monarch says 'dinner' will trump England match [INSIGHT]  In a rare royal occurrence, the Tindalls amped up the PDA during their Wimbledon outing, kissing and holding hands as they watched the action unfold on the court. The couple were the first senior royals to attend this year's event.. On Friday, Princess Michael of Kent, the Duchess of Gloucester, the Earl of St Andrews and Lady Marina Windsor added regal glamour in numbers. Kate is expected to attend in the coming days and as Royal Patron, she typically hands out the winners’ trophies. The duchess is not only a fan of the sport, but also an avid player. Speaking to Sue Barker, Kate revealed that Wimbledon played a part in inspiring her to take up the sport. She said: “It’s such a quintessential part of the English summer, and I think it really inspires youngsters, myself, it inspired me, when I was younger to get involved in the game.” It has also been reported that the royal is passing on her passion to her three children, with the family being spotted at the Hurlingham Club, an exclusive sports club in London, earlier this year. Prince George even received a private lesson from tennis great Roger Federer, who described the heir to the throne as a “sweet boy” and commended his skills in the sport.