Apples are always a staple within the fruit bowl, but often go bad before we get a chance to eat them. Here's how to preserve them for longer to maintain that crunchy goodness. Many of us keep our apples in a fruit bowl alongside other fruits. However, this may not be the best place for them, especially if you have no plans to eat them any time soon. According to The Kitchn, this particular fruit should not be kept on the kitchen counter unless you want to eat them within one week. To maintain sweet, tart, flavoursome apples that don't go mushy, it is best to keep them in humid and cold environments. READ MORE: Take your tomatoes out of the fridge if you want them to stay fresh The Kitchn suggested that the crisper drawer of the fridge is perfect for this. Failing this, they could be kept in a garage or shed, an even colder, darker environment. But what's the scientific reasoning behind this? Apples don't just stop ripening after they have been picked. They produce ethylene gas, which softens the skin and flesh of the apple over time. This is what gives them the soft, mushy texture we all want to avoid. The emissions of ethylene can also ripen other fruits faster. Eat This, Not That stated: "Apples are probably one of the most common ethylene producers, so keep them far away from your other produce!" READ MORE: Woman sparks controversy with viral money saving hack - video Keeping apples cold - so in the crisper drawer rather than on the counter - slows down the emission of ethylene. Another issue apple lovers can come into is that once an apple is cut, it can start to go brown. This occurs because of oxygen in the air. While there's no stopping it completely, according to The Kitchn, there are a few home remedies for slowing the process. Adding a little lemon, vinegar or even water will do the trick. To avoid this altogether, don't slice up apples until you want to eat them. For the ultimate preservation technique, BBC Good Food suggested freezing. To freeze apples, line a baking sheet with baking parchment, then place the apple slices on it so they’re not touching each other. The freezer must be set to its highest setting; the fruit will freeze faster, and the fruit will retain more of its nutritional benefits. Freeze for a few hours or until frozen through, then remove from the paper and put them in a freezable container or bag to return to the freezer.