Brentford's dreams of keeping Christian Eriksen have been shattered after it was revealed that the midfielder has verbally agreed to sign for Manchester United. And unsurprisingly, his contract demands hint at why United were able to beat the rest of the competition to land his signature. Eriksen is set to join United this summer after his six-month spell at Brentford came to an end. Brentford gave Eriksen a brilliant opportunity while the rest of Europe sat back, and just months after suffering a cardiac arrest during Euro 2020, the midfielder began to shine for the Bees. Due to uncertainty surrounding Eriksen's health and ability, Brentford took the logical route by offering him a six-month deal - although it's now come back to bite them. United, Tottenham, Chelsea and Newcastle were just some of the teams interested in signing Eriksen this summer, but according to The Telegraph the Dane wanted £200,000-a-week to secure a move. Brentford were willing to make Eriksen their highest paid player by some margin, but they couldn't compete with United. READ MORE: Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'  Brentford promised Eriksen that they would smash their wage structure to keep him at the club, and expressed their desire to keep him earlier on in the season. But as interest and momentum gathered, Eriksen's head may have been turned by bigger clubs with the knowledge that he would be a free agent come July. The report states that not only did Eriksen want £200,000-a-week, but a £10million signing on fee was allegedly discussed with representatives. The details of Eriksen's three-year contract offer are not yet clear, meaning that they may now have met his high demands.  DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for dealTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline But one thing that's for sure is that they certainly offered more than Brentford were able to, even though the Bees promised to provide all the necessary medical support behind the scenes. But the west London club will hold fond memories of Eriksen regardless, during a special six-month period to cap off their first season in the Premier League. It may also be a personal choice for Eriksen, as during his return to fitness he trained with former club Ajax, who were managed by Erik ten Hag. Eriksen will now have the opportunity to play under the new United manager properly, and Ten Hag was clearly impressed with what he saw to push for a move. 