Hot Ice is the world's longest-running skating spectacular, set amid the backdrop of the Lancashire seaside resort's iconic Blackpool Pleasure Beach resort. Since the Pleasure Beach's Arena was built in 1936, Hot Ice has marvelled and thrilled millions of visitors for its glitz, glamour, skill and stunts.  It may have felt that politicians were the specialists in skating on thin ice, however this musical treat proves otherwise. Choreographed by Hot Ice veteran and renowned skating coach Oula Jaaskelainen, and his assistant Lynsey Brown, 'Rapture' is a sinful treat of opulence, dance and extravagance. Oula, a former Olympic athlete and Hot Ice cast member, encourages the performers to skate at high speeds with intricate footwork and spine-tingling jumps - even terrifying back flips! He told the Daily Express: "We wanted to create a show that will blow you away - not only with its intensity, passion and excitement but the sheer skill of these skaters who are among the best in the world.   "We're reaching the limits of what can be done on ice in this show and we know you will not find a better night out in the whole of the UK. "We felt a responsibility after the last two years with Covid and everything else that has been happening to bring pure joy to our audiences and leave them on the edge of their seats. It's amazing!" Pushing a cast of Olympic skaters to their limits, 'Rapture' was the brainchild of producer and director Amanda Thompson, the CEO of Blackpool Pleasure Beach and famously a skilled skater herself. She explained: "This show is all about intense feelings of pleasure and joy.  "The skaters have been very carefully chosen for their unique skills and to complement one another throughout the performance. "Our cast have been transported here from various corners of the world to demonstrate their skill and thrill you." Created by the talented Stageworks Worldwide Productions wardrobe team, the show’s breath-taking costumes are undoubtedly the best you will see anywhere in the theatre world. You just don't see a show like this anywhere else on the planet and it's the jewel in Blackpool's crown.  There are more feathers and sequins than Las Vegas and the performance opens with a Romeo and Juliet-themed routine of two star-crossed lovers exploring their passion to chest-thumping music, dance and pyrotechnics. All the way through the show's mesmerising original soundtrack blends opposing styles, from the classical twist on Swan Lake to the glitter-ball bright lights of disco-themed number Utopian. *For more information, or to book tickets, please visit www.hoticeshow.com Shows take place between 7th July and 10th September 2022 with tickets starting from £10. 