Actor Ethan Hawke has created a six-part documentary on Hollywood power couple Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward in HBO’s The Last Movie Stars. In an interview, he revealed that he was inspired by the late actor to take the role in Marvel’s new show Moon Knight.  Ethan Hawke admitted that he signed up to play religious zealot Arthur Harrow in the latest Disney+ series to “put food on the table”. He got the call about the role after he had finished working on The Last Movie stars which followed the lives and careers of Paul and his wife. The actor stated that when he accepted the job offer, it was heavily influenced by thinking of what actor Paul would have done. In an interview with Insider, he explained that he was sitting at the dinner table with his family when he found out about Moon Knight.   He said: “ I was trying to decide whether to do that or not. “My youngest, Indiana, who was 10 at the time, said, ‘Well, Dad, what would Paul do?’” Paul was known for starring in classic films such as  Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid in 1969 and The Hustler in 1961. However, in his later career, he featured in blockbusters such as The Towering Inferno in 1974  and Nobody’s Fool.  Ethan continued: “Do I think he admired blockbusters and superhero movies? No, I don’t. “He hated doing Towering Inferno. That was his idea of a giant sellout. “You see him in physical pain in that movie. “But, it’s still a job. You still have to put food on the table.”  The 51-year-old then admitted that he decided to take the role in Moon Knight as it provides for him and his family financially. He added: “I am an actor. That is how I pay my kids’ medical bills, that’s how I put a roof over our heads. “My job is not to change the world and make it the perfect place. My job is to do good work to the best of my ability. “So we all decided, ‘I think you should do it.’ And I’m glad I did.”  Starring alongside Ethan in Moon Knight is actor Oscar Isaac, who plays the main character in the show. He plays somebody who suffers from a dissociative identity disorder (DID) and splits his personality between two different characters Steven Grant and Marc Spector. The actor revealed that at the start it was “incredibly challenging” for him to play two different people and suggested shooting one character a week to wrap his head around it. Speaking to Digital Spy, he said: “They thankfully gave me the space to do that. And as the shoot went on, and I got more comfortable or secure in what I was doing, I became more flexible between being able to switch between the two.” Moon Knight is available to stream on Disney+ 