A surge in the cost of the UK's debt, fuelled by soaring inflation, added to the country's budget deficit last month, official figures show. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) reported today that public sector net borrowing rose to £22.8billion pounds in June from £12.6billion pounds in May. Figures show Britain racked up a staggering debt interest of £19.4billion in June alone, which is more than double the previous record. The ONS said the leap in debt costs reflected a big increase in April of the Retail Price Index measure of inflation, which is the benchmark for index-linked Government bonds. It comes as Mr Sunak battles against Foreign Secretary Liz Truss for Conservative Party members' votes in the race to become the next leader and PM. Some Tories balk at the former Chancellor's record of raising the UK's tax burden to its highest in decades just as Britain was heading into a severe, cost-of-living squeeze with inflation starting to rise.  Mr Sunak has resisted promising immediate tax cuts, saying inflation has to be reined in first. Ms Truss has described herself as the tax-cutting candidate, saying that increasing borrowing and cutting taxes would not increase inflation. She has insisted the "orthodoxy" of the Treasury and the opinions of many leading economists had failed to deliver economic growth. Tory MP Sir John Redwood, who backs Ms Truss in the leadership campaign, told Express.co.uk: "The figures produced by the Government over debt interest and the deficit show a big increase in debt cost owing to high inflation.  READ MORE ABOUT CARAVAN OWNERS FORCED OFF A SITE BECAUSE OF A NEW RULE "The OBR for this reason forecasts a big collapse in debt interest over the next two years as inflation comes down. It’s a strange definition of debt interest. "Today’s figures show Rishi Sunak does not understand what causes inflation or why the deficit has come in at very different figures to those the Treasury and OBR forecast. He believed the wrong forecasts of the past. Last year the March OBR forecast for the year ahead overstated the central Government deficit by £131billion! "We need a PM who understands how all the money printed with Rishi Sunak’s permission caused the inflation, and who will see that the deficit will come down if we grow and as inflation comes down. Inflation will fall next year. Even the Bank of England and Treasury forecast that. Rishi was right to sign off no more money printing late last year." Over the first three months of the 2022/23 financial year, Britain has borrowed £55.4billion.  DON'T MISS: Cheapest place to get Nescafe coffee as jars hit a whopping £8.75 [REVEALED] RAF emergency as UK military jet squawks 7700 code [REPORT] Royal Family: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [LATEST] While this amount is less than over the same period last year, it represents a roughly £3.6billion overshoot against forecasts made by the Office for Budget Responsibility watchdog in March. The OBR warned that with inflation expected to peak even higher than previously thought, further spikes in debt spending were on the cards. It said in a statement: "With several external forecasters now predicting that the CPI measure of inflation could reach 12 percent in October – over three percentage points higher than the peak in our March forecast – further significant upside surprises in debt interest spending can be expected through the year." Former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib said surging borrowing in June should not be seen as validating Mr Sunak's aversion to tax cuts, but should rather be seen as more evidence of his economic mismanagement.  The businessman said: "Conventional thinking in the Treasury is fundamentally wrong. Ministers are prepared to take radical steps in the face of crisis but are never prepared to do so when it comes to their aftermath. "[Former Chancellor George Osborne] turned to borrowing and printing money in 2010 to save the banks, the culprits behind the crash, but refused to take steps to help the working and middle classes who were the innocent victims. "Sunak is doing the same. He turned to borrowing and printing money to finance lockdowns but has no good idea of how to balance the books now that he has broken supply chains and triggered inflation. He seems to think taxing the working and middle classes and businesses is the way to do it. He is looking at spreadsheets, not the real world. "In the real world his high taxation is keeping costs high. These higher costs are understandably forcing higher wage settlements. In turn that is going to boost demand and embed inflation."  Mr Habib added that to break the cycle the UK must ditch the Treasury's "flawed thinking". He continued: "The only way forward is to boost growth in the economy so debt as a proportion of GDP drops. That is our only hope. To do that we must deregulate and cut taxes. It's the only way forward." Julian Jessop, Economics Fellow at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said the latest data on Government borrowing and debt tell us next to nothing new about the health of the public finances or the case for tax cuts. He said: "Total borrowing of £22.9billion in June was only £0.6billion higher than the latest Office for Budget Responsibility forecast. The monthly figures are volatile and often revised. Indeed, the ONS has lowered its estimate of total borrowing in 2021-22 by another £1.9billion."  "The headlines have predictably focused on the jump in debt interest costs. This was not remotely a surprise. Indeed, the £19.4billion figure for June was actually a little lower than the OBR forecast of £19.7billion. "Almost all (£16.7billion) of this £19.4billion was accounted for by the RPI uplift on the principal value of inflation index-linked gilts. This money will not actually be paid out until these bonds are redeemed, which will be years and even decades into the future. This does not mean, of course, that these costs do not matter. These are still costs that have to met by future taxpayers. But it seems odd to ignore the timing completely. "It is potentially misleading to suggest that the government actually paid out £19.4billion in debt interest last month or to compare this figure to recurring annual spending on, say, defence or education. The increase in debt interest costs is not really about the level of debt, either. Inflation is increasing the cost of index-linked gilts, but the real interest rates on this borrowing are still negative and inflation is helping the public finances in other ways. In particular, higher nominal incomes and prices mean that households and businesses are likely to pay far more in tax than anticipated." Mr Jessop added that the bigger picture is that the Government still has more room for tax cuts, even based on existing OBR forecasts and under current fiscal rules. He said: "What’s more, these forecasts may well turn out to be too pessimistic."  