In fact, the only voice of dissent appeared to be online Chinese nationalists who took some kind of sick joy in his assassination. To give some idea of how towering a figure Abe was, he was the equivalent of a Thatcher or Reagan, someone who dominated his country’s politics for nearly a decade. He was a hawk on China, determined to rejig Japan’s military, and will forever be associated with an economic policy which bore his name. But the main point about Abe was that he was a public servant more than just another politician, a man more ambitious for his country than himself. A man who quit politics for ill health but remained a statesman, campaigning for what he believed in until he ultimately paid with his own life. If the West seems increasingly bereft of such leadership that is because it largely is. Countries like Japan and South Korea, with their national cohesion and unity, tend to produce politicians whose personal ambition is very much secondary to the national interest. Personality politics is just not as much of a thing in Japan, which made Abe’s dominance all the more remarkable. Like post-1990 Thatcher, the shadow he cast was very long. Now is not a time for a deep dive into the merits of "Abenomics" but a moment to reflect on what public service really looks like. After a brief stint as Prime Minister in the 2000s, he came back in 2012 with the objective of lifting the economy and boosting the role of women. He also pushed for an open Pacific, and laid the groundwork for the Quad, a security alliance of Australia, India, Japan and the US. He shared with Thatcher and Reagan a determination to turn his country around from what he saw as stagnation. He reinterpreted Japan’s post-war constitution so it could come to the aid of allies, laying the groundwork for a more muscular foreign policy to match Japan’s economic prowess. For Japan, a homogenous country with immense group cohesiveness, the assassination will be like a lightning strike. Crime, never mind gun crime, is staggeringly low. The fact the assassin’s gun appeared to be homemade is not a surprise given how tough it is to buy guns in the country. What impact the assassination will have on this weekend’s election is a matter of conjecture. Probably not much. The ruling Liberal Democratic Party is dominant, widely supported and likely to do well regardless. More important perhaps is the impact it will have on Japan’s national security. Japan will probably remain a high trust and extremely safe society in spite of this assassination. This was seemingly a politically-motivated attack, and not a random one on everyday citizens. That said, it is likely to lead to beefed up security for politicians, making them less accessible to the Japanese public. Abe’s death shows us what national service looks like. For years the face of his country, he died serving his party and his country, on the frontline of domestic politics. No longer Prime Minister, ulcerative colitis did not stop him giving interviews, campaigning and devoting his time to the greater good. Shinzo Abe was a patriot whose actions were far louder than his words. He loved his country and its people. He understood before most the threat posed by the Chinese Communist Party, and was a true friend to Taiwan. World leaders should look to Abe’s example. He died as he lived: serving Japan.