Arsenal are 'extremely confident' of beating Manchester United to the signing of Lisandro Martinez, according to reports. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is said to be taking an active role in transfers this summer and that could help push his side's cause. Both Arsenal and United have made offers for Ajax star Martinez. Ajax are not playing ball so far and have rejected all bids made for the Argentina international. However, Martinez is determined to move to the Premier League this summer and will attempt to push through a transfer to one of the two clubs. CBS reporter Ben Jacobs, speaking to The Football Terrace, says United's latest offer was slightly more than Arsenal's. However, the Red Devils arrived late with their interest after Arsenal were already quite advanced in the deal. The Gunners are therefore said to be very confident of beating their rivals to the player. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make £51m bid, Ronaldo exit 'accepted', Chelsea £45m agreement  Jacobs says the bidding war has led to Ajax upping their price for Martinez. They initially would have wanted around £45million including add-ons but are now hoping for nearer to £50m as an overall package. The reporter claims adding an extra £5m will be harder for United in particular, due to their continued pursuit of Frenkie de Jong and also their need for a new striker if Cristiano Ronaldo leaves the club. Martinez played under United boss Erik ten Hag at Ajax, so that is an attraction for him. However, Jacobs says Arteta has been active in the deals Arsenal have done so far this summer and that continues to be the case. Technical director Edu is in charge of transfers but Arteta, alongside the Brazilian, is playing a key role in securing his top targets. Arsenal have made four signings so far this summer. Gabriel Jesus was the most recent addition, arriving from Manchester City for £45m on Monday. DON'T MISSMan Utd can rile Barcelona by signing outstanding Cristiano Ronaldo replacementTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plans' as Barcelona give green lightLeeds star Raphinha 'to train alone' after Chelsea, Arsenal and Barcelona bids  Arteta knew the player well from his time as an assistant at City and played a big part in luring him to the Emirates. Arsenal have also signed Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira, in a deal which could rise to £34.2m. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Brazilian winger Marquinhos have also joined. All four signings are in Germany ahead of the pre-season match against FC Nurnberg on Friday. Arsenal will then travel to America where they will face Everton, Orlando City and Chelsea before returning to London for the Emirates Cup to complete their pre-season schedule. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 