Fan footage from Silverstone has shown how close Zhou Guanyu's Alfa Romeo came to hitting spectators during his first lap crash. Zhou’s car made contact with George Russell’s Mercedes, sending the Chinese star into a roll. However, his car pinched into the gravel trap which sent it up into the air and he cleared the tyre wall and smacked against a stand holding spectators. Zhou’s car ended up between the catch fence and tyre barrier with medical teams needing to extricate the driver. However, footage from the grandstands at turn one shows panicked fans fearing as the car hurtles towards stand in which they were sat. In one clip fans can be heard screaming as the Alfa Romeo takes air and heads towards the barrier. Another shows fans swearing as they realise the car had cleared the tyre barrier. A man said: “F***ing hell. Oh my God.” In one clip fans can be seen with their hands on their heads and faces fearing debris could hit them. READ MORE: George Russell hits out at FIA rule as Mercedes launch appeal In another video, the barrier is seen buckling on impact and sending a speaker into the grandstand. Zhou was immediately attended to by the medical team but Alfa Romeo quickly confirmed the 23-year-old was safe from serious injury. He was sent to the circuit’s medical centre for checks and was seen later in the paddock chatting to F1 boss Stefano Domenicali. Russell was also forced to immediately retire from his home race after jumping out of his car to check on Zhou’s condition. The former Williams star jumped onto the tyre barriers and helped marshals frantically wave down help. However, Russell noticed marshals had already loaded his car onto the back of a flatbed truck meaning he could not return to the pits for repairs. DON'T MISSF1 star Alex Albon airlifted to hospital after nasty British GP crash [INSIGHT]George Russell in horror crash as car flips upside down at British GP [ANALYSIS]F1 drivers caught on team radio slamming protestors who invaded track [COMMENT] After the accident, Zhou said: “It was a big crash and I’m glad I’m ok. The marshals and the medical team at the track were fantastic with their quick response, and I also owe my thanks to the FIA and Formula One for all the work they have done, and they keep doing, to improve the safety of our cars: the Halo saved me today, and it goes to show that every step we take in improving our cars has real, valuable results. “I’m keener than ever to get back on track and do what I love: I’m fit and I’m looking forward to Austria next week.” The incident also caused a separate shunt involving Sebastian Vettel and Alex Albon. Albon hit the brakes in reaction to the carnage in front, causing Vettel to tap the Thai driver on the back of his car and send him into the wall. The Williams driver was airlifted to hospital after the incident for checks but uploaded a social media message telling fans he was okay.