The Labour leader warned that rejoining the EU or single market, if his party comes into power, will create even worse political division in the country. However, his comments have been blasted by Jacob Rees-Mogg as "smoke and mirrors". Sir Keir said Labour is "claiming the centre ground of British politics once again", not from a "mushy place of compromise", but driven by "purpose" and "optimism". He also said the UK would not join a customs union under his party's leadership, as he set out a five-point plan to "make Brexit work". During his speech at the Centre for European Reform, Sir Keir also said he would say more about how his party intends to get the economy growing again "in the weeks and months to come". But claimed the first step is to make a success of Brexit.  He said, during his speech at an event at the Irish Embassy in London, on Monday: "There are some who say, 'We don't need to make Brexit work - we need to reverse it'. I couldn't disagree more. "Because you cannot move forward or grow the country or deliver change or win back the trust of those who have lost faith in politics if you're constantly focused on the arguments of the past. "We cannot afford to look back over our shoulder because all the time we are doing that we are missing what is ahead of us. He added: "So let me be very clear. Under Labour, Britain will not go back into the EU. We will not be joining the single market. We will not be joining a customs union." READ MORE: Peston: Kwasi Kwarteng won’t ‘rule himself out’ of leadership bid   But the Labour leader has gained criticism from opponent Jacob Rees-Mogg who appeared on Tonight with Andrew Marr on LBC. He told the host that Keir wants to do "what the Conservatives are doing - but at half cock". Commenting on Sir Keir's speech, Mr Rees-Mogg said: "So it's not much of announcement by him today. "And the question is, you wonder whether you can believe it from the man who voted 48 times to try and stop Brexit and who was desperate for a second referendum..." DON'T MISS: Cut red tape to enable businesses to flourish - EXPRESS COMMENT [INSIGHT]Harriet Harman appointed to lead partygate probe into Boris Johnson [COMMENT]Meghan Markle hints at trip to Washington DC in new interview [ANALYSIS] He added: "He [Keir] wanted to support Jeremy Corbyn to be Prime Minister, because he's believed so strongly in the European project, that that was the only justification you can find for him supporting a leader who he now tries to dissociate himself from as much as possible". Host Andrew Marr replied: "Don’t you think it's possible that people like that looked at the result of the referendum, thought deeply, heard it and listened and have changed their minds?" In response, Jacob Rees-Mogg said: "Well, for three years after the referendum, he was trying to reverse the result of the referendum. "So you're saying that he ignored the first vote, but he accepted the second. That's possible. It doesn't seem very credible. I think this is essentially smoke and mirrors -and the Lib Dems, who would be his favourite coalition partners, are certainly not in this position".