Households across the UK are looking for ways to address the soaring inflation rate and exponential rise in energy bills. Younger people in particular are taking on secondary jobs to supplement their income during this unprecedented financial pressure. Some side hustlers have been able to earn thousands of pounds a year by doing work they are passionate about. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Leeds-based marketing manager Ellenor Griffin shared how blogging has been a successful side hustle for and what it has allowed her to. Ms Griffin explained: “My side hustle brings in on average a few thousand a year, it fluctuates depending on the projects available. “I have considered making it a full-time job, but I wouldn’t want to be just the blog. I have considered a product - perhaps homewares and decor that marries well with the focus of the blog. Let’s see where we are in a couple of years' time.” For Ms Griffin, having a secondary career has given her the opportunity to have more control which she would not have been afforded if it wasn’t for social media. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands She added: “I’ve always been entrepreneurial, even as a kid. I always had an idea or a business I wanted to do. “I like being my own boss so it would have happened one way or another, but we have to give credit to the internet and social media for speeding up the process.” Originally, Ellenor’s second job began as a creative outlet for her. However, her passion for blogging soon become something should monetise and bolster her finances. “I would say, on average, I devote 20 to 24 hours a week over the evenings and weekends outside of my primary contracted role,” she said. “A lot of your free time goes to the side hustle and it sometimes feels like you never have an off-day. “That said, because I have my full-time job, I’m not worried about taking a week off as my livelihood doesn’t exclusively depend on it any more.” Currently, inflation in the UK is at a 40-year high of 9.2 percent and households are preparing for their energy bills to reach as high as £3,000 by January 2023. “A second job is beneficial, particularly with the current cost of living. I think it’s so important to have multiple streams of income, particularly if you’re a woman,” she said. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? “It can also be a great mental health tool to take yourself away from the stress of a nine to five job, particularly if you feel like you don’t love what you do or are not seeing much progress with it. “Be prepared for a lot of work in the first couple of years and make sure there is no conflict of interest with your current employee . “Mine are very supportive and feel like this adds a little bit of extra sparkle to my image.” Recent research carried out by customer service firm alldayPA found that almost half of 18 to 24 year olds have a side hustle, with the majority having roles in digital media. Furthermore, 35 percent of those between the ages of 25 to 34 were also shown to have secondary jobs to supplement their income. Reuben Singh, the founder and CEO of alldayPA, notes that Britons are finding it easier to start their businesses alongside other work. Mr Singh said: “There are many Brits who are still working from home or are on a hybrid working schedule, which makes having a second job or side hustle more accessible. “The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in the UK, and with hybrid and flexible working, it’s now easier than ever for hard-working Brits to start their own business - either as a second income or with a view to become their own boss.”