A protester was quickly thrown out of Centre Court early in the third set of the Wimbledon final against Nick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic. The serb stepped up to serve at 1-2 in the third after the pair had split sets when a commotion could be heard from high up in the stands before someone believed to be a protester was kicked out be security. Kyrgios could be seen turning around in confusion as a spectator high up in the stand behind him could be heard shouting before promptly being chucked out by security on Centre Court. The incident was believed to be some type of protest, though the cause of it is unknown. “Some sort of incident taking place away from us we can’t see, but the players can and everybody is craning their necks up there," Andrew Castle said, commentating on the match for the BBC. "Some sort of protest perhaps. I am sure will be dealt with." The crowd turned to watch before the person in question was quickly removed, and the umpire called first serve for Djokovic. Shortly after, a Twitter user named Drew Pavlou tweeted claiming he was the spectator in question thrown out for holding up a sign asking "where is Peng Shuai?" JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios’ girlfriend praises his 'resilience' amid Wimbledon final He tweeted: "Just got thrown down the stairs by Wimbledon security for holding up a sign saying #WhereIsPengShuai. One of them smashed my head into the wall". The Chinese tennis player has been "missing" since accusing China's former vice premier of sexual assault in November. The WTA have failed to get in contact with her and have continuously called for a full and transparent investigation – without censorship – into her accusation. They have also suspended all events in China. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic's Wimbledon final snubbed by MedvedevNick Kyrgios' players box urged to turn 'nasty' against Novak Djokovic'Appalling tactic' Kyrgios criticised minutes into Wimbledon final   The protest comes after campaigners staged a small demonstration outside the gates of the All England Club during laides' final day yesterday, to protest against the need for female players to wear white while on their periods. The protesters wore white skirts with red shorts underneath, inspired by former pro Tatiana Golovin, who caused controversy when she wore red shorts under her skirt back in 2007. And Wimbledon isn't the first Grand Slam to be hit be protesters this year either, as a climate campaigner chained herself to the net on Court Philippe-Chatrier at the French Open earlier this year during Casper Ruud and Marin Cilic's semi-final. The semi-final was stopped while security scrambled to remove the girl, later revealed to be part of the French activists group Derniere Renovation. They tweeted: "22-year-old Alizée stepped onto the tennis court during the Ruud-Cilic semi-final to draw attention to the climate emergency and the demand for the Last Renovation campaign." 