Sadiq Khan, Mayor of London, has asked Transport for London (TfL) to review proposals to push the current Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) boundary further to cover the entire Greater London area. This would mean it would stretch as far south as Kingston and Croydon, to Enfield in the north, reaching Hillingdon in the west and Havering in the east. Illegal levels of toxic air pollution have been recorded in outer London and could justify the decision to expand the ULEZ as early as August 2023. READ MORE: Motorists ‘easy targets’ for fines as police accused of treating drivers like ‘cash cows’ A public consultation has been launched to hear resident's opinions about expanding the boundary to cover all London boroughs. The zone was expanded in October last year to cover areas up to, but not including, the North and South Circular roads. Motorists wishing to use roads in the ULEZ with older vehicles must pay a daily charge of £12.50 to enter the zone. Estimates suggest that 50,000 older polluting vehicles are kept off the roads every day due to the charge. The ULEZ encourages people to use public transport or switch to emission-friendly vehicles. In response to proposals, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they supported the idea. In a poll that ran from 2pm on Tuesday, July 5 to 2pm on Monday, July 11, Express.co.uk asked: “Is ULEZ expansion the right move to tackle illegal air pollution?” Overall, 1,440 people responded with the majority, 95 percent (1,360 people), answering “no”, expanding the ULEZ is not the right move to tackle illegal air pollution. Meanwhile, five percent (74 people) said “yes” it is, and just six people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on air pollution and the ULEZ. Most readers were against the expansion as it was an additional tax on motorists, which could be viewed as discriminatory against drivers who cannot afford the daily charge or newer eco-friendly vehicles, some claimed. One reader, username Returned, said: “This has nothing to do with clean air. It’s a tax, pure and simple.” Username Retiree 2021 said: “It’s just another money grab for councils.” And username See you jimmy said: “Another tax on the motorist.” Another, username OftenDeactivatedMartin, said: “Is it right during a cost of living crisis for the London Mayor to inflict even more economic hardship on already struggling families?” Others questioned the purpose of the ULEZ while other pollutants continued to harm the environment. Username ViralHog said: “Keep the ULEZ boundary where it is, but introduce a methane tax on emissions made those inside the 'golden ring' instead of fleecing our motorists into extinction.” While username RonnieIH2 said: “Absolutely no point in expanding the ULEZ. What about the pollution in the skies over London? Are you going to stop the planes, or divert them? “ULEZ expansion is just going to cause more hardship to regular people who are already stretched with rising fuel, food and energy!” Louie French, MP for Old Bexley and Sidcup, said the expansion would hit businesses and working-class families, and claimed there was “no clear evidence” that the plans would reduce air pollution. DON'T MISS: Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes that can result in £5,000 fines [WARNING]Driver avoids paying £100 parking fine with a clever smartphone trick [ADVICE]Should I buy a diesel, petrol or electric car? Your options weighed up [ANALYSIS]  He said: “Whilst I completely believe action must be taken to tackle air pollution and I welcome the Government’s action on this, there is no clear evidence that the expanded ULEZ will improve air quality in outer London boroughs like Bexley.” The Tory MP continued: “Bexley and outer London boroughs do not have the same transport options and connectivity as central London so it is extremely unfair the Mayor of London is proposing plans for expansion.” However, environmentalists argue the ULEZ “must be expanded without delay”, according to the Evening Standard. Username Hopester2017 said: “I understand that it's annoying for those driving into/in London. But for those living in London, reducing car pollution is great!”