The plane is believed to be a C-130J Hercules aircraft and was filmed flying low over the water. The flyover was captured by Janet Tompkins as she stood standing at Seacombe Promenade. Plane enthusiasts using flight tracker apps believe the Hercules took off in Scotland and flew over Liverpool airport and North Wales, before heading to its base at Brize Norton in West Oxfordshire.  It was spotted by many members of the public, some of whom posted comments to social media. One wrote: "It flew really slow." While another said: "Flew over my bungalow in Abergele." The Hercules is a four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft. It was developed by the US company Lockheed Martin and has diverse, multi-mission capabilities. The first plane entered service in December 1956, after the US air force issued a General Operational Requirement for an aircraft to replace its large fleets of Curtiss C-46, Fairchild C-82 and C-119 piston-engined transports.  The company went on to create a bewildering array of variants and subvariants for the US and foreign militaries, as well as the civilian market. The Hercules is the RAF's primary tactical transport aircraft. It has become the backbone of UK operational tactical mobility tasks. The C-130 Hercules is highly flexible, with the ability to airdrop a variety of stores and paratroopers. It is able to land and take off from unprepared runways. READ MORE: Second World War lost RAF bomber is finally found The first C-130J Hercules aircrafts were ordered for the RAF in December 1994. The order comprised ten standard C-130J aircraft and 15 of the longer C-130J-30. According to Lockheed Martin, the C-130J's performance is "proven with more than two million flight hours supporting tactical airlift, search and rescues, special operations, commercial, and refueling missions around the globe." The C-130J is also "faster, goes further and holds more compared to legacy platforms." This is the second sighting of a Hercules within the last week. DON'T MISSRAF steps up exercises on Putin’s doorstep [NEWS]Red Arrows wow crowds in incredible red, white and blue display [SPOTLIGHT]Huge RAF plane spotted flying low over Cornwall [REVEAL] Last Monday, a C-130J Super Hercules belonging to the US Airforce was seen flying from the east of England and down over London. It had taken off from the RAF Mildenhall station shortly after 9am. This is located in Suffolk and, despite its status as an RAF base, primarily supports US Air Force operations. It was used for operational combat missions by Bomber Command during the Second World II, until 1945. RAF Mildenhall has been a key station for the US since the 1950s.