The price of petrol has soared in recent months with prices reaching nearly £2 per litre in some parts of the UK. Motorists have been spending considerably more on filling up their vehicle, with the average cost of a 55 litre family car reaching more than £100 for the first time ever currently. The cheapest place to buy petrol on average in the UK is the North East, making the cost of a 55 litre tank £100.83. But this isn’t necessarily the case for the average worker, as the North East has the lowest average weekly wage at £593, meaning that the cost of 55 litres of petrol takes up 17 percent of the average weekly wage in the North East. In second place is Wales, where a litre of petrol will set you back 183.96p, and when filling up amounts to 101.18 per tank. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel cars targeted in Europe as Britons warned of charges With an average wage of £619 per week, this takes up 16.65 percent of the average resident’s pay. In the East Midlands, one litre of fuel will cost you 184.46p, making a full tank £101.45, coming to a total of 16.31 percent of the average weekly wage of £622. London has the highest average cost of petrol, coming in at £102.32 on average for a 55 litre car, meaning each litre costs 186.04p. But as average wage in London is higher, measured as being £867 per week, Londoners actually spend less of their wages on fuel than the rest of the country (11.8 percent). Average petrol prices across the UK: DON'T MISS'Ripping us off': Shocking amount petrol stations make from fuel [ANALYSIS]Electric car sales to spike as part of £13billion boost before car ban [REPORT]Sales of used diesel cars down amid huge switch to EVs [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for Boiler Central said of the findings: “As the cost of living crisis takes its toll on people up and down the country, it is clear to see that there are some regions that are worse affected than others. “Rising fuel costs have been a particularly harsh contributor to the squeeze, and the slight regional difference in petrol costs is no match for the huge gaps in average wages across the country. “Like heating at home, petrol is a necessity. People need it for work, school runs, family visits, shopping, and all manner of other activities.” Fuel prices are incredibly high at the moment due to the rise in price of crude oil. Pump prices generally rise by around 1p for every $2 increase in the cost. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic are both to blame for persistently high fuel prices. As the world went into lockdown, the demand for fuel dropped dramatically and even sent the price of crude oil into negative figures. Russia is one of the world’s largest crude oil exporters, second only to Saudi Arabia/ Western leaders, including the UK and the EU, have planned to ban Russian oil exports by the end of 2022, resulting in heightened demand and prices from other fuel sources across the world.