Struggling households could see their energy bills rise by £100 a year because of a plan which forces manufacturers to sell heat pumps instead of installing traditional gas boilers. Engineers have accused the Government of going ahead with the scheme, which will take effect within two years, despite evidence the controversial technology is more expensive. The initiative not only ignores what Britons want but ultimately passes on extra costs to the end consumers, the Energy and Utilities Alliance (EUA) trade association said. A report by the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy supported the introduction of penalties, with some respondents suggesting manufacturers be fined £5,000 for installing gas boilers to fund the boiler upgrade scheme. The EUA's Mike Foster said: "I can't recall a more ridiculous policy. "In the middle of a cost of living crisis, successful and innovative British businesses are being forced to put consumers' bills up by around £100 a year or literally fined if they don't. "You couldn't make it up." READ MORE: Cost of living payment may hit your bank account from today – check now for £326 As part of the UK's efforts to reduce carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas responsible for climate change, homeowners have been able to apply for a Government grant of £5,000 to replace their gas boilers with heat pumps since May 16. The boiler upgrade scheme was announced last year to help reduce the cost of more environmentally-friendly heating systems. Grants are available to existing homes and non-domestic buildings in England and Wales. They can be used for four systems — air source heat pump, ground source, heat pump, water source heat pump and biomass boilers — up to 45kW in size (the average home in the UK requires a 4kW system). The property must have an eligible Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) issued in the last 10 years, and the certificate must have no outstanding recommendations to install loft or cavity wall insulation. If it does, the home will need insulating first or as part of the application process. The scheme is not available for social housing or new-build property residents. Private rented accommodation is also eligible but the decision has to be taken by the landlord. Take-up of the boiler upgrade scheme from the public has been slow. Two in five British people would rather replace a broken gas boiler like-for-like, while just 12 percent would opt for an air or ground source heat pump, according to research by law firm Shakespeare Martineau. Another survey, by the Ground Source Heat Pump Association, found the demand for heat pumps from domestic customers had fallen in the last year. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy said no decision had yet been made on specific penalties. DON'T MISSHottest heatwave in decades: Infernos tearing across 108F Spain [SPOTLIGHT] The 9 countries in possession of nuclear weapons [INSIGHT]UK economy GROWS as GDP surges despite recession warning [ANALYSIS] A spokesman said: "Kick-starting a British heat pump manufacturing base will bring down the cost of each unit, create jobs and reduce the need to import the tech from abroad. "If people choose to install heat pumps now, they can claim a grant worth up to £5,000 through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme and we have already reduced VAT on heat pump purchases to 0pc." The prospect of yet another rise in bills comes amid warnings by Ofgem, the energy regulator, that the market price of energy is higher than it was at the point of the last price cap estimate, suggesting October's price cap figure could be higher than previously forecast. In May, Ofgem predicted the price cap would reach £2,800 when it is next reviewed in autumn. But chief executive Jonathan Brearley told the public accounts committee on Monday: "It's clear given the pricing dynamics we're seeing, given the ongoing impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, that there is positive pricing pressure there – as in prices are looking higher than they did when we made that estimate. "But we don't give ongoing sort of commentary until we make our formal announcement." The energy price cap, based on the wholesale price of gas and electricity, is recalculated twice a year – although this could change to every three months. The price cap went up by 54 percent in April, hitting £1,791.