Lewis Hamilton has been backed by Express Sport readers to win a race this season ahead of this weekend's British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The seven time world champion has also been urged not to retire from the sport despite his struggles with Mercedes. Hamilton began 2022 hoping to put behind him the disappointment of losing the world championship to Max Verstappen in hugely controversial circumstances last December. However, it could not have gone much worse for the Brit. The 37-year-old has picked up just two podium finishes, coming third in the opening race in Bahrain and also last time out in Canada. Chances of a record eighth world championship this year are all but over. Hamilton's main problem has been with the porpoising of his Mercedes car. The bouncing has been an issue all season and has caused Hamilton plenty of back pain in recent weeks.  Speaking to Sky Sports after the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Hamilton said: "I can't express the pain that you experience, particularly on the straight here. At the end, you're just praying for it to end." But Express Sport readers still have faith in Hamilton. Voting in our latest poll, of which there were over 30,000 responses, 55 per cent said he will win a race before the season is over. Hamilton has faith that once the porpoising issue is fixed, Mercedes will be back competing at the front of races. He recently said: "Once we fix this bouncing, we're going to be right there in a race. We're losing at least a second with bouncing, for sure." Hamilton's difficulties on the track have led to speculation over his future in F1. He has a contract until the end of the 2023 season.  Express Sport readers do not think Hamilton should be calling it a day this year. In our poll, 58 per cent said he should carry on for at least another season. Speaking in May, Hamilton insisted he is still enjoying racing despite not being on pole and winning races. He said: “I probably won't win the title, but I feel the same pleasure of competing as when I started. "Why should I stop? Maybe one day I won't be able to take the pressure anymore, I'll be tired, but that day hasn't come yet.” Hamilton will be hoping for improvement at Silverstone this weekend. He has won a record eight times at his home circuit. 