There's a big bonus coming to TVs this summer with Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media customers being treated to a bunch of blockbuster movies without paying a penny extra to watch. The Great! Movies service, which is totally free to tune in to, has just announced its next set of releases and there are some big Oscar-nominated films arriving on its Classics channel in August. Things will kick off with As Good As It Gets, starring Jack Nicholson and Helen Hunt coming to TVs on August 3. This will then be followed by six more Hollywood classics including Little Women, Donnie Brasco, Single White Female and My Girl. Those wanting to watch will find these flicks on Freeview channel 52, Sky 319, Virgin 424 and Freesat 303. Here's the full list of classic movies coming to TVs this summer and when and what time they will be broadcast. • As Good As It Gets (1997) - Wednesday 3rd August at 9pmJack Nicholson, Helen Hunt, and Greg Kinnear star in James L. Brooks' hit comedy. • First Knight (1995) - Thursday 7th August at 9pmTogether, Sean Connery, Richard Gere, Julia Ormond and director Jerry Zucker, bring a new vision of King Arthur's Camelot. • Little Women (1994) - Sunday 13th August at 6.55pmWinona Ryder in an Oscar nominated role and Academy Award winner Susan Sarandon star in this family favourite. • Legends of the Fall (1994) - Saturday 13th August at 9pmThe Oscar winner for Best Cinematography, this sweeping story is based on the novella by Jim Harrison. • Donnie Brasco (1997) - Wednesday 17th August at 9pmPosing as jewel broker Donnie Brasco, FBI agent Joseph D. Pistone (Johnny Depp) is granted entrance into the violent mob family • Single White Female (1992) - Wednesday 24th August at 9pmAn innocent want ad opens the door to murderous, unrelenting terror in this pulse-pounding psychological shocker starring Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason Leigh. • My Girl (1991) - Saturday 27th August at 7.10pmA coming-of-age comedy starring Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Macaulay Culkin and Anna Chlumsky This update from Great! Movies comes as Sky has also given its customers a big treat this week. Sky Sci-Fi, which replaces the Syfy channel, has just launched with it offering plenty of out-of-this-world content. Customers can now view shows including zombie series Day of The Dead and movies such as Bullet Train Down, Thor: God of Thunder and Bram Stoker’s Dracula.