Channel 4 series A Place in the Sun has been hosted by Jasmine Harman since 2004 with the presenter becoming a firm fixture on the programme. For nearly two decades, Jasmine has been helping house hunters find the perfect property abroad in sun-soaked locations, such as Europe, Florida, and the Caribbean. However, audiences want to know about Jasmine’s own background and where she was born. Radio host, television presenter, property expert and writer Jasmine was born on November 15, 1975 in Hackney, east London. She has previously said she was born into a “big Greek family" to a British father and Greek Cypriot mother Vasoulla. “Even though my parents separated, I’ve always been close with both of them,” she told Issuu in 2022. Jasmine has six younger siblings and so her life was busy with her family. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Scarlette details co-stars' struggles filming Jasmine is British but has Greek Cypriot ancestry and says the island of Cyprus is very dear to her. Writing about Cyprus back in 2014 for A Place in the Sun’s website, Jasmine said: “Britain's love affair with Aphrodite's Island has been a long and tumultuous one, and because my mother is Greek Cypriot, the country holds a very special place in my heart too.” Jasmine first visited Cyprus aged 10 and the family spent the whole summer in Lanarca. She was also a bridesmaid at her cousin’s wedding. She said she would go on trips to Greek goddess Aphrodite’s birthplace as well as building camps in the Troodos Mountains. Additionally, she and her mother Vasoulla featured in the 2011 documentary My Hoarder Mum and Me in which Jasmine and her siblings tried to help clear out her five-bedroom house in London. The programme was a personal one for Jasmine, who also spoke to the families of other sufferers about how they dealt with their hoarding. Jasmine has a fitness background and worked as an instructor in Islington, before moving to Portugal to become a marketing manager at a health spa. She was living with her family until she finally made the move abroad, where had in an apartment as part of her contract. While in the Algarve, Jasmine started writing professionally and hosted her own radio magazine show. Then in 2004, she beat hundreds of other applicants to host A Place in the Sun which launched her television career. A Place in the Sun involves a lot of travelling for Jasmine, with the show featuring destinations as diverse as Croatia, Slovenia, Canada, Australia, and South Africa, to name several. She currently lives in London with her husband and cameraman Jon Boast. The couple have two children together. DON'T MISS...Sue Barker in tears as BBC plays stunning tribute 'She is Wimbledon' [VIDEO]Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady's release confirmed in trailer [ANALYSIS]Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? [EXPLAINER] Jasmine and Jon met on the set of A Place in the Sun and moved into together after she returned to the UK. The host said before her daughter started school, she would often take the children with her while filming. Her mother would also come along to take care of the children during the shoot. Jasmine said: “It was so lovely for us all to be together and a very bonding experience.” But the star has now plumped for a better work-life balance, saying she now leads a “sort of double life” as a parent and also a globe-trotting TV presenter. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm