A Leo Moon is a loud, creative, and energetic transit to be in. Ruled by the Sun, the Moon while in Leo, inspires heightened enthusiasm, optimism, and a strong dose of spontaneity to our day-to-day. But with this passionate transit can come drama and while it forms a square to stubborn Mars later in the day, tempers are at risk of flaring. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 29. Coming fifth in the zodiac, Leo is a fixed sign, which means it’s known to fixate and be slightly more stubborn than other signs. With the symbol of a lion as its totem, Leo transit energy can enhance your own fierce, leadership qualities and spark confidence you might not know you have. The Moon School said: “Leo usually brings 'king of the jungle' type vibes to the day. “Because of this, a Leo Moon Moon tends to amplify confidence and courage.  READ MORE: SpaceX rival unveils ‘balloon-like’ spaceship to fly tourists  “So if you’re someone who’s already brimming with self-belief, this Moon can be the cherry on the cake. “But if you struggle with self-confidence, self-motivation, or that old trickster self-belief, a Leo Moon can feel like a gift.” This fiery Moon is generally one of the more positive transits. While active, it can usually make it easier to feel happy and “tapped into the sunny side of life”, according to The Moon School. It enhances your ability to take control of situations that on another day, you might not have had the confidence to do.  This transit also paves way for much more transparent and honest conversations, and for the most part, only good things can come of this. Cafe Astrology said: “Channels for expressing personal emotional drama or creative potential might open to us. “We can be filled with ideas and possibilities on this day after a New Moon in the sign.” The New Moon formed yesterday (July 28) at 6.55pm BST, marking new starts and a clean slate.  DON'T MISS: Gardening 'Easiest way to spruce up' your garden on a budget [EXPLAINED]Buzz Aldrin health: Astronaut, 92, on his past health challenges [ANALYSIS]Solar storm horror: Musk sent warning as Starlink to COLLIDE [INSIGHT]    Today is the day to invest time in any new thoughts and manifestations from yesterday to formulate a plan to bring them to fruition. Cafe Astrology said: "The Moon aligns with Mercury but also forms squares to Mars and Uranus, and we can feel wired or on edge." The Moon-square Mars can exacerbate a hard head, as two stubborn energies, Leo and Mars converge.  This can “shorten tempers and cause friction”, according to Tarot.com The Moon will then move on to square erratic Uranus, which Tarot.com said might give us “hyperactive energy and nowhere for it to go”, which can lead to some very impulsive outbursts. Finally, when the Moon joins with bold and communicative Mercury at 12.49am BST, Tarot.com said it will “both encourage us to share our feelings with some unpredictability”, but “we could end up wildly oversharing.” It added: “Let's make sure we're venting to the right people.” 