Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen has taken to Twitter to proudly gush over her daughter Raven's latest academic achievement. The mother-of-nine, 47, told how her eldest child's hard work had "paid off" as she was awarded the highest class of degree today after studying at University. In view of her 200,000 followers, the Yorkshire Shepherdess celebrated her daughter's good news. Amanda wrote: "Result!!!!!!! A first. "Her dedication & determination has paid off. "Always in the library, a laboratory or a catering van. She works so hard. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly puts on sombre display at Deborah James funeral "The sky’s the limit. Massively proud of Raven," Amanda ended her post. She added the hashtags: "#degree #firstclass #biomedical #science #university #proud." Amanda went on to share a snap of Raven's university degree, confirming that she had been awarded a first class BSc (Hons) in Biomedical Science. The second snap showed Amanda and Raven smiling from ear to ear while posing for the celebratory selfie. Raven looked like the spitting image of her mum with her long, auburn hair and flawless complexion. It comes after Raven told how she has "no peace" last year as she spoke candidly about moving from her family's famous farm in Yorkshire. The eldest of the nine Owen children, Raven no doubt had a large list of responsibilities to fulfill on the farm as well as completing her studies at University. As a result, the auburn-haired beauty confessed she doesn't often get much peace in the busy household. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon turns Pickle Cottage pool into 'village lido' for kids [ANALYSIS]GMB addresses Kate Garraway return after husband Derek hospitalised [UPDATE] Raven admitted: "The worst thing about being in a big family is that you don’t really have much peace. "But then the best thing is there’s always somebody to talk to, practice doing people’s hair. "It’s fun when you open up someone’s drawer and you get all the clothes out and then you style outfits on all of your siblings. I’ve had Reuben in a dress before and it’s been great!” she told The Sun. When the show first began in 2018, Raven was in secondary school, but it’s clear her love of animals is still at the heart of everything she does as the star is now pursuing a career in veterinary science. The budding vet doesn’t just want to help the animal kingdom as she also hopes to go into the labs and help make life-changing vaccinations. Amanda previously opened up about her eldest daughter’s career goals and confessed to Express.co.uk that she was sad her daughter is growing up fast. She said: “I dropped her off at university and she’s talking about doing a master's degree, and working in labs on Covid vaccines. “But that’s all down to her. Of course, as her mother, I'll be there when she needs me, but I don’t want to take away her independence. “They have to step up, which I don’t think is a bad thing. It makes them feel important," Amanda explained.