Former Coronation Street star Harry Visinoni, who played Seb Franklin on the ITV soap, shared his weight loss progress on Instagram recently and his fans were left stunned. His followers gushed over his toned physique as he showed off his abs in a series of shirtless snaps, beaming to the camera. He captioned the photos: "Super proud of what I’ve achieved in the last few months. "Biggest thanks to my mate Adrien Parry @weightwarriornutrition for all the support, advice and inspiration he’s given me over the last 12 weeks." He continued: "I’m down 12kg now and feeling stronger than ever. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "It just goes to show that with dedication and hard work, you can make big changes to your life in not much time at all. "Looking forward to continuing this journey of getting better and stronger." He concluded his post by encouraging his fans to start their own journey to a healthier them, crediting his coach Adrien. "I honestly can’t recommend Adrien @weightwarriornutrition highly enough," he said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "If you want to make that change too, go give him a follow!" Among the series of snaps Harry shared online, he posted one in the gym standing alongside Adrien. Weight Warrior Nutrition is a Manchester based personal fitness company, who focus on body transformations as well as improving health and athletic performance. While Harry hasn't shared his exact diet and fitness routine, the company develop their client's understanding of nutrition and exercise. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Their website states: "This isn’t just a quick fix, it’s a lifestyle change." And it seems fans have been completely floored by his own lifestyle overhaul. In his most recent Instagram post, Harry shared a photo of himself and a friend having a drink in Thai restaurant Poppy's in Hammersmith. One fan penned underneath: "Loving the new look." Another added: "You look older. Very dashing." A third joked: "Cute just take that shirt off, 10 out of 10." "Loving the new look fella," a fourth said.