Andy Murray has named the three male players he would most be interested in coaching when the Brit hangs up his racket. There had been rumours at the beginning of the year that Murray may step away from the sport following his exit at the Australian Open, and he has opened up on possibly becoming a coach by naming three players he would like to work with. When asked which players Murray would like to coach, he said that in the women’s game it would be Emma Raducanu. “Male players would be between [Carlos] Alcaraz, [Stefanos] Tsitsipas and Jack Draper,” Murray told the Hall of Fame Open. “They work hard, they seem like they love the sport. Alcaraz and Tsitsipas haven’t won a slam yet. They’re obviously still very young and I think they have the potential to do it.” After his shock defeat to Taro Daniel in Australia at the beginning of the year, the Scot conceded that if he continued to underperform his own expectations then he may have to consider retiring from the game. When asked if Murray was going to return to Melbourne in 2023, he replied: “Yeah, but not if I do what I did tonight too often this season. "This is a really important year for me for a number of reasons, and I want to perform well in the big events. For me, tonight is not good enough in that respect. Making the second round of Slams is not something I find particularly motivating. I want to be doing better than that. I'm really, really disappointed. Very frustrated. Tough loss for me. That's for sure.” JUST IN: Biden blasted by American politician amid Djokovic US Open stand-off Murray did not compete at Roland Garros and then exited Wimbledon this year in the second round to John Isner as he failed to reach the third round at SW19 for the first time in his career. Murray may be interested in coaching when he does decide to retire, but Pam Shriver believes there could be a place in the game for him as a tennis commissioner. "He could be a future commissioner of tennis," the doubles expert told Stats Perform. "He has that kind of respect, I think. If he wanted to be a leader when he's finished, he could be a very influential [one]. DON'T MISS:Djokovic drops huge US Open hint after Kyrgios reminded him of betKyrgios 'not normal' as McEnroe expresses doubts after Wimbledon runBecker protested against as prisoners' families moan about privilege "I think Andy Murray will be known for his upstanding core values of equality. I know he's well respected in every female locker room on the planet. "I think the influence of his mom being his coach and such an influential figure in his life [has shaped him]. He's just very popular, I think, in both [the] men's and women's locker rooms." Murray made a return to tennis after his Wimbledon exit by defeating American Sam Querrey in the first round of the Hall of Fame Open in Newport, Rhode Island, on Tuesday.