Novak Djokovic admitted he was given a lesson on tennis history by Billie Jean King at Wimbledon. Yesterday tennis’ most prestigious event celebrated 100 years since the famous Centre Court came into operation.  The tournament honoured the players who have lifted the coveted trophies inside the iconic arena over the last century. Six-time winner and defending champion Djokovic was in attendance as was Billie Jean King, who has also triumphed at the All-England Club on six occasions. Following his fourth round victory over Dutch star Tim van Rijthoven late last night, the Serbian addressed an eye-opening conversation he shared with the 78–year-old earlier in the day. "I consider myself a decent student of the history of tennis until today,” he began. “I heard Billy Jean speak about history and I figured out how much I really don't know about tennis history so thank you Billy Jean for bringing me a lot of valuable lessons today." King watched on from the Royal Box and beamed with pride as she blew a kiss in the direction of the 20-time grand slam champion as the crowd applauded. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic admits son uses Rafael Nadal trick to 'intimidate' him - 'Don't like it'   During his speech at the centenary celebration earlier in the day, Djokovic said he felt "more nervous now than when I'm playing" while standing next to Roger Federer. "I want to say first that it's an honour and privilege to be here with the legends of our sport and people that have paved the way for myself and many generations," he said. "I feel more nervous now than when I'm playing! "This court has been truly special from my childhood and the first image of tennis I've seen when I was four or five-years-old I saw Pete Sampras wining his first Wimbledon. This is where dreams come true and I was blessed in 2011, probably the highlight of my career, to win the tournament and so when I step out on this court I relive these memories. Truly an honour." The 34-year-old’s quest to match Pete Sampras with seven Wimbledon titles continued with a 6-2, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 win to close out play on Centre Court on middle Sunday. His spirited display ensured he booked his spot in the Wimbledon quarter-finals for the 13th time in his career and stretched his win streak at SW19 to 25 matches. DON'T MISS In the process, Djokovic set up a mouth-watering clash with Jannik Sinner, who knocked out teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz. "He was a very tough opponent," said Djokovic of his Dutch opponent sealing victory. "He was on a streak on this surface, so I knew it wasn't going to be easy with that serve and his touch and a lot of talent. "It took me a little bit of time to get used to his pace and the conditions under the roof, but overall I closed out the match well. I didn't know if there was an 11pm curfew, so I am lucky to get it done. I have had some previous experience of playing a match over two days under the roof against [Rafa] Nadal a couple of years back and it wasn't fun, so I am glad I did get it done and now I am just looking forward to the next challenge." 