The owner of the bakery, Alan Gordon, took to social media this week to boast how his shop was selling tubs of the butter for just £2. When asked about the offer, Alan said the reason he was selling the butter so cheap was to help people during the cost of living crisis, the Liverpool Echo reports. In recent weeks, shoppers have been dismayed as prices on daily essentials sky-rocketed. Lurpak butter, in particular, has become something of a gauge for people, demonstrating how bad the cost-of-living crisis has become. A single tub of Lurpak surged to £7.25 in some supermarkets, with some people reporting it had even hit a whopping £9 in some areas. Customers were also reporting that the butter had security tags on them in some shops.   The owner of Lurpak, Arla Foods, warned that butter, cheese, and milk prices could rise even further due to a shortage of workers. The price hikes come in the middle of a cost of living crisis with the price of petrol, energy, and food getting higher and higher. In an attempt to help combat this, a bakery in Liverpool decided to sell the product for only £2. Speaking to The ECHO, Alan said: "We're coming into the summer holidays now, and I know people in Liverpool will be feeling the pinch. Lots of kids have free school meals and if we can help in any way to lower the cost, we will. "We already give food out to homeless people and people who need it in Liverpool. A company called Liverpool in Arms come and collect lots of sausage rolls and hand them out to people."  Announcing the price slash, Alan posted a video on the Penny Lane Gossip Facebook Group. In the video, he says: "Not only have we just won an award for being Britain's best-looking shop-keeper, we've done it again guys. We have got Lurpak for £2, It's got to be the cheapest butter in Britain. Where else can you get that for £2 guys? It's in The Bakery in Aigburth. £2, what else can you say?" Alan was praised by customers after posting the £2 butter video, with people being quick to comment the independent business would "sell out". One woman said: "well done you... the greedy supermarkets that double the price of stuff are disgusting." One person said; "well done", while another added "they will be sold out by tomorrow afternoon".  