Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, she has more than four million followers who all share their cleaning advice on dedicated forums, including how to make clothes smell fresh. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Mei Lai wrote: “How does everyone get their washing to smell amazing? “I use pods, fabric conditioner and scent boosters in the wash but they still don’t smell good. “I also clean my washing machine regularly so there is no scum. Please help.” There are several reasons why washing may not smell good even after being washed. This includes a build-up of fabric softener and detergent which can block filters and harbour bacteria. READ MORE: Tomato plants: Monty Don shares ‘important’ job to do now Insufficient air circulation in the washing machine can also create musty smells. Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using white vinegar to help get rid of odours. Nicola Coulam commented: “Use white vinegar instead of fabric softener and use powder inside the drum, it’s great.” Kathy Legg said: “I use white vinegar.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants instantly using sugar [COMMENT]How to ‘successfully’ kill garden weeds with easy ‘hacks’ [EXPLAINER]I cleaned my oven door Elbow Grease - results [PICTURES] Katie Litchen wrote: “Always use white vinegar. Your laundry will smell amazing, even if it does seem weird.” Adding half a cup of white vinegar with the detergent when you wash clothing can help get rid of any odours that tend to stick to clothes. This can also help to banish pet odours and cigarette smells. White vinegar will also brighten clothing, especially whites and soften clothes. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ methods for removing weeds to achieve a ‘weed-free’ lawn The household essential can be purchased from stores such as Wilko for as little as £1. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended drying clothing outside if the weather permits. Karen Milne said: “Line dry your clothes, tumble drying takes a lot of the scent off.” Andrea Johnson wrote: “Tumble dryer will take the scent off.” Mrs Hinch fans also took to the same Facebook forum to share top tips on how to clean the washing machine. The washing machine should be cleaned regularly, with a deep clean recommended every few months. This can help to prevent mould building up. Corinne Bricknell wrote: “Take the drawer out and spray with mould and mildew remover and leave for 15 minutes. “Chuck a good couple of cups of soda crystals directly into the empty drum. “Scrub and rinse the drawer and then put back in the machine with some bleach into the detergent drawer. “Set the machine off as hot as it goes and it should give your machine a good clean.” Lisa Owens also recommended using soda crystals. They have great softening properties, making them ideal for cleaning the washing machine.