Carol Vorderman, who is standing in for Lorraine Kelly whilst she recovers from Covid-19, was joined by Christine McGuinness to discuss her new book about her life and dealing with her autism diagnosis. As Christine spoke about raising three children with autism, Carol spoke about her own experience of raising son Cameron. Addressing Christine's new book, Carol began: "It's out in paperback, I know this was for you a big move, a big move for anyone to do an autobiography, and you did lay it bare." Christine admitted: "Yeah, I just wanted to be as honest as possible, I still pinch myself that I have these opportunities, even just being here today, I can't believe it. "So when this book publisher came along and said 'We'd love for you to write your autobiography' I just wanted to go for it and be as honest as possible." Carol praised: "Yeah, and you were, some really deep traumas, your dad had a heroin addiction, there was sexual abuse from another member of the family. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "I don't want to go into that today, but even just bringing up three children with autism, my son has, I don't think he is autistic, but he has severe learning difficulties. "But similar sort of issues, it is not easy, Christine." Christine agreed: "It isn't, it is difficult at times, but there are lots to enjoy and celebrate and that comes along with having children with additional needs. "I felt like that was so important to put in the book as that is the biggest part of my life, that is me, I have three autistic children, I am autistic myself."  During her interview with Carol, Christine admitted she thought she would never be able to leave her children for more than one night. She revealed: "Speaking to the doctors, they said it will get difficult before it gets easier, I was thinking there is no way, I am not going to be able to stay out overnight. "I can now, and that is growth, I know they are safe, and they are happy, for me and the children to be happy and more comfortable with change." As Christine was beaming with pride, Carol praised: "I can see it in your eyes, Christine. I am proud of you. DON'T MISS...'Thank goodness' Carol Vorderman saved by ITV wardrobe department [LATEST]Carol Vorderman steps in to host Lorraine as host forced to pull out [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman's brutal jibe at Gyles Brandreth 'Putting me off sex' [WACTH] "Because like my son, he is an introvert, and he has all these things and the effort that goes into what we, others, call normal life. That is fantastic." Carol has opened up about her son's learning difficulties in the past and described how Cameron was feeling “lost and heartbroken” when he was “rejected” by his school. Cameron, 24, has a master's degree, which Carol has always shouted loud and proud about when it comes to her son's success. However, she has in the past admitted it hasn't come without its struggles, and previously told MailOnline: "By six, this child I loved so much, that I would have done anything for, was being rejected — by the school, by the teachers, by the other pupils. It was heart-breaking, utterly heartbreaking. "And I was lost. Was I going to have to teach him at home, myself? How? I just wasn't equipped. I didn't know how to teach a child with this level of special needs.” Carol added: “I knew he wasn't thick, or slow, or any of those things that he and children like him are often told. I always thought he was brilliantly bright. He is.” The former Countdown star rarely posts pictures with her children and keeps them mainly out of the spotlight, despite her popularity. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.