The light aircraft left the runway on its approach, according to one report. There are unconfirmed reports some flights have been diverted to Bristol Airport as a result. Cardiff Airport has been approached for details.   A spokeswoman for Welsh Ambulance Services (WAS) said all three emergency services were called to the airport at about 1pm today (July 3) but were stood down. She added airport staff were able to deal with the incident without help. The disruption caused some passengers to complain on social media. Traveller Gary Elsey took to Twitter, fuming: "I have to find out from the cleaners that the flight has been diverted to Bristol. No managers on the floor, speakers not working, departure boards not working so people missing flights. Still don’t know what time I’m flying!"  Fellow Twitter user Alys Masters chimed in: "Was supposed to land at 1330 in Cardiff. Currently waiting on tarmac in Bristol. Apparently we're waiting to refuel and get a new landing slot in Cardiff. Due to leave soon." The incident comes as ministers strive to tackle the chaos at airports across the country amid claims security tests for new workers are being completed in record times. Passengers have compared scenes at flight hubs to those from disaster movies. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has been trying to alleviate flight disruption ahead of the summer holidays to avert the mayhem seen over the Easter and Jubilee breaks. Shortages of workers to handle baggage and carry out security checks such as X-rays are fuelling long queues and delays at UK airports.  READ MORE ABOUT HEATHER WATSON GETTING KNOCKED OUT OF WIMBLEDON   The Department of Transport (DfT) said counter-terrorist checks for aviation workers are now being processed on average in under 10 days - half the time taken in March. Accreditation checks are also being sped up to the point where they are completed within five days on average, according to the department. But in the short term, the staffing shortages appear to be hitting Heathrow airport. Passenger Adam Kent, 59, said baggage reclaim "looked like a scene from a disaster movie" after arriving at Terminal 3 from Orlando, Florida.  DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Historic day as players on court on Middle Sunday [LATEST] Girl Guides bosses ask leaders to learn 100 gender-inclusive terms [REVEALED] Queen fed up with Meghan and Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn' [REPORT]  Mr Kent, from Worcestershire, said: "(There was) lost luggage everywhere, stacked between baggage belts, everyone stepping over it and no-one doing anything about it. Being brutally honest, it looks like a serious health and safety issue. "No one visible on the ground to explain the carnage or sort out the mess, it seems like lots of luggage has not arrived with passengers and just been dumped." Mr Kent claimed there was "appalling customer service" at the airport, adding: "Staff (were) nowhere to be seen, everyone was pretty shocked. "The left and abandoned luggage was left unsecured and could easily be stolen... No duty of care shown to passengers' possessions."  However, Mr Shapps, who has devised a 22-point plan to help limit the disruption, welcomed the latest Government statistics. He said: "People have made huge sacrifices during the pandemic and deserve their flights to run on time, without complications and without being cancelled last minute. "While this is a challenging time for the sector, it is not acceptable for the current disruption to continue as we head into the summer peak. "The public deserves to know now whether or not their flight will run over the summer, and so I reiterate my call for the industry to commit to deliver the flights they have scheduled, or to cancel them well in advance so people can make other arrangements."  Mr Shapps added: "Building on our 22-point plan to help the industry minimise disruption, we will continue to do everything in our power to ensure this summer is a great success for the British public." Labour has accused the Government of having been "missing in action". Shadow Transport Secretary Louise Haigh said: "The part-time Transport Secretary didn't hold a single meeting to tackle the chaos between Easter and the Jubilee weekend and now he's desperately trying to play catch-up. "These re-announced half-measures will do little to clear the huge delays in security checks and tackle the chronic low pay holding the industry back."   However, the DfT said Mr Shapps held an aviation roundtable to discuss the disruption with airports, airlines and ground handling companies on June 1.