The resignations of two of the five most senior cabinet ministers - his Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid - is a fatal blow for Boris Johnson and removes much of the credibility from his Government. But it was clear to me much earlier in the day that it was over for the Prime Minister as previously loyal MPs came up to explain why they had lost confidence in Mr Johnson. Both Red Wall MPs were “rock solid” supporters of Mr Johnson, both were Brexiteers who believed that they owed their own election victories in 2019 to the Prime Minister. Both last week could have been seen arguing with rebels, berating them for their disloyalty to the man who had got Brexit done and taken us through the pandemic.  But the energy and willingness to carry on the fight was gone from both. One explained that he had now gone on strike, unusually for a Tory MP. He was no longer willing to do the television interviews to defend the Prime Minister. “I was rock solid but I have had enough. It’s over.” That MP is now preparing to back a slate of rebel MPs to take over the 1922 Committee reset the leadership rules and have another vote of confidence. The second, also a Red Wall Brexiteer was equally final about it. “I’m fed up. I can’t go on supporting this.” Crucially, they and a number of other MPs have not been shy about being angry about Boris Johnson’s policy direction. They do not want a government promoting nanny state reforms on what we can or cannot eat or how we can put a bet on a horse or telling people to spend vast sums of money on suspect home heating systems to help achieve net zero. They do not want a Government that has the highest level of taxation for 30 years. One MP said: “If and when he (Boris Johnson) is gone, we need a leader who will make the Conservative Party conservative again.”  And there is no doubt that will be the nub of a leadership election which must surely start in the next few days. Even if Mr Johnson has to be dragged out of Downing Street kicking and screaming (no Prime Minister leaves willingly), he cannot continue. The discussion had been that resignations would start next week once rebels had seized control of the 1922 committee. But it is clear now that both Sunak and Javid could see no value in sticking with a Government that is sinking fast.    Better to make a stand and boost their own leadership ambitions by being the first out of the trap. Rishi Sunak’s close friend Oliver Dowden quit as chairman last week after the by-elections and the now former Chancellor had been on resignation watch since. Dowden will now run Sunak’s campaign which had looked in trouble after the row about his wife’s tax affairs. But with a whiff of virtue and honour about him he may now prove to be the frontrunner in what could be an open contest to replace Mr Johnson.