Looking away from the major high street banks could be fruitful when it comes to finding higher interest rates on savings. Challenger bank Tandem Bank has just increased the savings rate on its One Year Fixed Saver so it now offers an appealing 2.75 percent interest on savings.  While some high street banks are facing criticism for offering measly savings rates, less well-known banks are leading the way. Barclays’ Everyday Saver account is still paying 0.01 percent on savings, despite the Bank of England increasing the base rate five times since December. It’s something the bank says it is looking into, meanwhile savers could get more than 200 percent more interest with Tandem. It’s even been highlighted by the finance experts at Moneyfacts for securing a position within the top 10 savings accounts available right now. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Tandem Bank has increased the rate on its One Year Fixed Saver by 0.05 percent this week. “Now paying 2.75 percent, this account improves its position within the top 10 when compared against other bonds with similar terms currently on offer. “Savers who are happy to lock their cash away for a year may well be enticed by the return, but should ensure they are content to commit their funds at outset, as early access is not permitted on this account. “However, further additions can be made for 14 days from account opening, which – with careful planning – might be a plus for some. The deal earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” DON'T MISS'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [INSIGHT]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [ALERT]Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth [WARNING]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE] Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis recently urged Britons to shop around if they are getting 1.5 percent interest or less on their savings. He said: "London Olympic year 2012 was the last time we saw shorter-term fixed savings rates at three percent. "The top fixes, also known as savings bonds (be careful, lots of riskier things are called 'bonds' too) are now back at that level. “They pay more than easy access and the rate is locked in so you know what you'll get." READ MORE: NS&I increases interest rates - over 1.3 million to see savings boost The financial journalist continued: "The negative is you can't withdraw money during the fix. "So examine how much you could lock away, and for how long (you can have lots of them so different money releases at different times), and leave the rest in easy access." Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: "One area of the savings market to see notable volatility is one-year fixed rate bonds, and savers will find the top rate deal (2.75 percent) pays more than double that of the top deal a year ago (1.10 percent). "Fixed bonds and fixed ISAs overall are seeing improvements across all terms, and this competition has been predominantly fuelled by challenger banks jostling for a prominent position to entice savers’ deposits."  Tandem savings account highlights: