Sadly, scammers continue to dream up new techniques in the hopes of ensnaring unwitting victims. Typically, the fraudsters will claim to be from a well-known organisation in an attempt to add legitimacy to their claims. Lloyds Bank shared the story of Mr S, an elderly man who received a call in 2019 from out of the blue, claiming to be from a reputable telecommunications company. They told Mr S there was a problem with his internet, and that they needed to investigate. However, sadly Mr S was not speaking to a legitimate organisation but had been targeted by a scammer who was trying to hack into the man’s computer and set up external payments through his online banking account. Fortunately, Lloyds Bank’s artificial intelligence tool was able to determine what was going on through biometrics and the suspicious activity on the account. DON'T MISS‘They steal your money!’ Halifax issues alert on vicious Amazon scam [ANALYSIS]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [EXCLUSIVE]TV licence reforms mooted: Could the licence fee be axed? [UPDATE] The real Lloyds Bank was able to see a struggle entering online banking details, and an attempt to set up a new beneficiary. The bank deemed this to be a higher risk than usual, so they blocked the account and attempted to notify Mr S of what was going on. It turned out Mr S was still on the phone with the fraudsters but soon called Lloyds Bank back. Lloyds said Mr S was “confused and concerned” about the call and the safety of his account. READ MORE: Pensioners furious after a 10% state pension rise is slammed It was a “huge shock” to him that he had been targeted in this way, but the bank persuaded him to put the phone down on the scammers and not engage any further. Lloyds Bank also secured Mr S’s account to ensure no funds were lost and that he was protected in future. While this customer had a close shave with scammers, others are not so lucky and could lose thousands of pounds. The bank has warned that if someone receives a call from out of the blue, they should always be wary of who they are speaking to. Furthermore, Britons should never part with personal or sensitive information to keep themselves safe. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People should always question any requests to share details or move money, as legitimate companies will never ask individuals to do so. Individuals who feel they have been targeted by a scam should put the phone down immediately and contact their bank through a trusted number - ideally the one on the back of their bank card. The bank is likely to provide key advice on next steps, and work to secure a person’s account if possible. It also may be beneficial to report the matter to Action Fraud, the national fraud and cybercrime reporting service. The service will look further into the matter in the hopes of protecting others from being targeted.