Chuck McGill (played by Michael McKean) served as the nemesis to his young brother Jimmy/Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) for the first three seasons of Better Call Saul. With just three episodes of AMC’s hit Breaking Bad spin-off still to come, series star Rhea Seehorn has opened up on how Chuck’s death continues to be felt in the final season. Kim is still unaware of Chuck’s dying message to Jimmy as the final season of Better Call Saul races towards its conclusion. At the end of season three, the brothers’ rivalry reached a breaking point and Chuck told Jimmy he never mattered to him. Soon afterwards, Chuck ended his own life by setting fire to his house and allowing himself to be engulfed by the blaze. In episode nine, Jimmy and Kim attended the memorial for their rival Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) after he was killed by Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Jimmy made a subtle allusion to his brother’s last message by telling Kim that Chuck didn’t have respect for him, but she is still in the dark about his exact words. “Oh God, that was awful,” Rhea said when Chuck’s final line was repeated back. “It’s interesting and thoughtful that you bring that up, and he does grieve in a weird way. “And we do know that he never fully got out from underneath that boulder that Chuck put on him.” Although Jimmy started off loving his brother, Chuck always resented his conman past and tried to foil his attempts to follow in his successful footsteps. After his traumatic divorce, Chuck began to think he suffered from electromagnetic hypersensitivity, and his paranoia left him housebound and dependent on Jimmy’s help. Despite this, Jimmy still never managed to win his brother’s respect, a fact Kim knew all too well even if she wasn’t privy to their final conversation. Rhea told The Hollywood Reporter: “If Jimmy had told her the words, I think she’d feel awful for him, but I don’t think she’d feel differently about Chuck.” DON'T MISS:Righteous Gemstones star ‘lied in audition’ to land role [EXCLUSIVE]Seizure star opens up on dark project after Worst Person in the World [INTERVIEW]NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J sparks frenzy with new project [VIDEO] “I think she is aware of the damage that Chuck has done. “I also think that she thinks that Chuck is a stand-in, be it a formidable and horribly personal one, for how society has treated Jimmy.” Chuck’s attempts to dissuade Jimmy from his corrupt and dishonest legal practices were clearly unsuccessful, as his alter-ego Saul eventually becomes the shady lawyer for meth cook Walter White (Bryan Cranston). Rhea revealed she also doesn’t believe Jimmy confessing his brother’s last words would do anything to aid their current predicament. “I don’t think [Chuck’s last words] would alter anything,” she said. “If we were to see Jimmy tell her, it would be a moment that’s more about him. “So I think she knows, but I think she also knows that Jimmy will never be free if he doesn’t own the fact that it was devastating.” The ending of Better Call Saul and how everything links to the start of Breaking Bad is still a mystery, but could fans see Jimmy finally let go of his brother’s devastating final blow in the last episodes? Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC and the following Tuesday on Netflix.