Liverpool will finish below Chelsea and Manchester United will finish sixth in the 2022-23 Premier League season, according to an eyebrow-raising prediction by former Red Devils goalkeeper Ben Foster. The ex-England shot-stopper believes the Reds could see a drop in form after the title race with Manchester City last term. Foster believes the reigning champions will retain the top-flight title after a successful transfer window. Pep Guardiola has added the likes of Erling Haaland and Kalvin Phillips to his squad, although he has allowed Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko to leave. Crisis-club Chelsea will overcome their summer transfer window problems to finish second, Foster claims. That is despite Thomas Tuchel admitting that his side might not be ready for the new season after signing just two players - Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. Foster also suggests that Liverpool will struggle following Sadio Mane’s move to Bayern Munich. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo's Man Utd demand, Chelsea face £70m fee Explaining his decision, the 39-year-old said on his YouTube channel: “I thought they (Liverpool) might struggle after giving it their all the previous year but they were up there all the way. I’m going for third this season. I think there will be two teams better than them. “Losing Sadio Mane was a blow and I think they could be in a period of transition. I can’t see them being up there, challenging for the title, I just can’t. “But they’ll do decent and maybe finish third. The front three is dissipating but it will be interesting to see how Darwin Nunez does in his first season.” Liverpool will finish third and Tottenham will take the final Champions League qualification place, Foster believes. The former Watford man, who is looking for a new club this summer, does not think United ‘have enough’ to finish in the top four despite appointing Ten Hag. DON'T MISS...Chelsea failure to sign Mukiele may help West Ham land £17m starChelsea told Denzel Dumfries price tag as Tuchel 'sets sights' on starFirmino close to Liverpool exit with Man Utd and Chelsea consequences “Signing Cristiano Ronaldo was huge and he’s not the problem. Ronaldo did what he was brought in to do – score goals. That’s what you’re going to get from him,” Foster continued. “The problem is the rest of it at Manchester United. There’s just so much speculation around them and the second they draw or lose a game the internet explodes. Then players read it and lose confidence. Harry Maguire can play a bad ball and the fans are out for him. “This summer, they’re getting linked with players left, right and centre and I don’t think it will be a settled team by the start of the season. I’m going for sixth, I still don’t think they have enough to be mixing it in the Champions League places. “It’s not going to be as plain sailing as some people think. Erik ten Hag is a great manager and he will get them playing a style of football, but I don’t think they have enough to get back into the top four.”