Todd Woodbridge and Tim Henman have explained how Nick Kyrgios adapted his game for his Wimbledon quarter-final clash with Cristian Garin, which he won 6-4, 6-3, 7-6 (7-5). Kyrgios' fellow Australian claimed that the 27-year-old made one key change to his serve from his previous SW19 victories to combat the Chilean, having never made it past the quarter-finals at SW19 since making his debut in 2014. Kyrgios won in straight sets to reach the final four of a Grand Slam for the first time ever. Kyrgios has been praised for his serve and many have claimed that he has the best service game on the tour, and has often surprised his moment by utilising the underarm serve, but Woodbridge noticed a tweak from Kyrgios during his final-eight match. “This is interesting,” Woodbridge noted during the BBC’s commentary. “Because Kyrgios is taking his time now between points in his serving. Trying to gain a bit more composure. “He [Garin] has forced Kyrgios to have to change his serve, and Nick is good enough to do that. He has got the different angles and Kyrgios is working his way through it, and then of course Cristian is fantastic at returning as well.” JUST IN: Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected for Wimbledon VIP seats Woodbridge was alongside Henman for commentary of Kyrgios’ match, who agreed and explained how the change will have aided the Australian going forward. “Kyrgios certainly has not been as settled as he could have been in these first nine games,” Henman said. “But to come through a difficult service game at 4-4, couple of break points and second serves, it’s going to do his confidence some good. He backs himself because he knows that weapon, his serve is the best opportunity to do damage.” Kyrgios came into the match surrounded by further controversy as he has been summoned to face court in Canberra in August over one charge of common assault. Kyrgios allegedly grabbed his ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari in December 2021, but news of his court appearance has only emerged several months later amid his Wimbledon 2022 campaign. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] Woodbridge questioned how much the news will have played on his mind as he attempts to reach the semi-final at Wimbledon for the first time. “Obviously it is a distraction that he wouldn’t have wanted at all,” Woodbridge added. “It’s something that for me, he seems to have handled it well coming out onto the court today. He has been focused and the intensity level is there, is engaged. “The issue for me is how much mental energy over the last 12, 16, 18 hours since that news broke, has that drained him at all?” Wednesday’s match was just the second time Kyrgios has reached the quarter-final at Wimbledon. After receiving a wildcard to the 2014 tournament he defeated world No 1 Rafael Nadal in four sets to become the first male debutant to reach the Wimbledon quarter-finals since Florian Mayer in 2004, before suffering defeat to Milos Raonic. And he is now into the semis of a major for the first time ever after dispatching of Garin. He could face Nadal in the last four, with the Spaniard facing Taylor Fritz in the fourth and final quarter-final match.