Humberside Police said officers were called to a property in Samman Road, Beverley, in the early hours of Monday where a woman’s body was discovered. It is believed to be connected to the death of a man, who was reported to have left the address at around 6am, in a car crash at 6.30am. The force said it had referred itself to the police watchdog as there had been a "short pursuit" before the collision. Another motorist involved in the crash was taken to hospital with potentially life-changing injuries. Detective Chief Inspector Alan Curtis said: “Whilst we are in the early stages of our enquiries, I can reassure the public that this is an isolated incident and there is no ongoing or wider risk to the public. “Officers discovered the woman’s body at a house on Samman Road in Beverley after receiving reports of concern for safety. “As part of our enquiries, a man was reported to have left the address in Beverley in a Volkswagon Polo at around 6am. “The car was later seen by police officers on the B1035 between Seaton and Hornsea and a short police pursuit ensured. “The Polo was then in a collision with another vehicle, a Ford Transit van, at around 6.30am. “The driver of the Polo was pronounced dead at the scene. “The man driving the Ford Transit van was taken to hospital with serious and potentially life-changing injuries and remains in hospital at this time. “As there was a police pursuit, the incident has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) to be independently reviewed. “The woman’s family have been informed of her death and the investigation into her murder and are being provided support by specially trained officers. “The man’s family have also been informed of his death and specially trained officers are in contact with them offering support. “Specialist Roads Policing Officers are in contact with the driver of the Ford Transit and their family to offer support and updates in regard to the investigation.” Anyone with information is asked to call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.