The bombshell book containing accounts from “insiders who have never spoken before” is set to expose the intricate web surrounding the Sussexes and their relationship with the Royal Family. In a blow to the couple now based in California, the book “uncovers an astonishing story of love, betrayal, secrets and revenge”.  Mr Bower states that Meghan grew close to the golf player in August 2014, while she was with her then partner, chef Cory Vitiello. Meghan, then 33, met Rory, 25, while she was staying with a close friend near the Fitzpatrick Manhattan Hotel, where Mr McIlroy had a suite, he writes. During the ice-bucket challenge craze, Mr McIlroy “unexpectedly” nominated Meghan. Mr Bower writes: “She accepted the challenge, on condition that Rory came to her friend’s apartment and personally poured the bucket over her on the balcony.  “After the video was posted, the two went to the Fitzpatrick hotel for a drink.” Mr Bower claims that they had dinner at the lavish Cipriani restaurant with a party of 20 people and were photographed sitting close together. He continues: “The following morning, McIlroy arrived at the Ringwood golf course to play in a new competition. “Worse for wear after a hectic night, he fell back to 101st place. His performance suffered. ‘I wasn’t quite on my game,’ he confessed. ‘I was enjoying myself’.”  READ MORE: Prince William's response to Prince George's plea slammed A newspaper report from the time claimed that Meghan and Rory – a favourite to win the Open Championship in St Andrews this weekend – were spotted “looking very cosy”. Mr Bower writes that Rory was “annoyed” by the article and “challenged Meghan”, who made it clear she had not betrayed him. Biographer Tom Bower, who has been described as “pulling no punches”, reportedly spent a year collecting all the evidence and exclusive testimonies from both friends and enemies of Meghan. In 2021, Prince Harry provoked a “tsunami of fear” among the Royal Family by revealing that he will release a tell-all book, which could drop “explosive truth bombs”.  DON'T MISS: UK weather: Rain and thunderstorms to bring reliefHuge blaze breaks out in Brixton Market Five fire engines rush to tackle Barton Point blaze The release date for the memoir has not been released yet.