Tottenham could soon return with an improved offer to Roma for Nicolo Zaniolo, according to reports. Spurs are claimed to have had a bid of £30million rejected for the Italy international but boss Antonio Conte wants the club to go back in with a new approach. Tottenham have made six signings so far in a busy summer window. But Conte is keen to continue to add to his squad ahead of the return to Champions League football this season. Zaniolo has been strongly linked with a move to Serie A rivals Juventus. But Spurs are also keen and look prepared to battle it out with the Old Lady. Italian outlet Quotidiano Nazionale says Tottenham's first offer worth £30m was rejected out of hand by Roma. But Conte is pushing for the deal and wants the club to go back in with an offer that satisfies Roma's financial demands. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offer De Jong £110m deal, Atletico £36m Ronaldo plan  The report says the new bid could be sent soon. Juve are said to have taken a step back in their pursuit of Zaniolo as they focus on other deals. They recently completed the signing of centre-back Bremer from Torino and club chiefs are now looking at selling players. But Zaniolo remains a top target for manager Massimiliano Allegri and a Juve approach cannot be ruled out. Speaking in June, Zaniolo admitted he liked hearing of interest in him from the likes of Juventus. He told La Gazzetta dello Sport magazine Sportweek: “It is pleasing to be the subject of interest from big clubs, as if they think about you, it means you’re good. I train with even more motivation, as I want to prove it’s right that I’ve been linked with these top clubs.” DON'T MISSArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fracture' as Tomiyasu and Tierney updates givenArsenal's three 'unhappy' players' impact on training amid summer wishesArsenal include smart clause in Guendouzi and Hutchinson transfers  Zaniolo currently plays under former Spurs boss Jose Mourinho at Roma. And he also spoke of the impact the Portuguese has had on his playing style. The 23-year-old added: “Mourinho is a winner, he taught me to get involved in defending and I know I need to improve in that area. He also helped me deal with certain situations that in the past I would’ve reacted badly to, for instance being dropped from significant matches. "He taught me to bite my tongue: silence on the pitch and work harder. What I need to do next season is not fall into pointless provocation.” 