Sergio Aguero has backed fellow Argentine striker Julian Alvarez to succeed at Manchester City, according to Joleon Lescott. As far as endorsements go, Alvarez has received the most impressive any Man City player could wish for as he gears up for his highly-anticipated debut. Pep Guardiola has instantly added Alvarez to his attacking options after the Premier League champions agreed a £14million deal to sign him from River Plate before loaning him back in January. The 22-year-old joins Erling Haaland as fresh firepower, with Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling the two forwards making way. And Lescott has revealed that while talking to Aguero about Alvarez, Man City's all-time top goalscorer boldly claimed the new boy would excite fans more than he ever did due to his play style. He told the Man City website: "He's definitely got the quality [to perform in the Premier League]. "I've seen little bits, but I've also spoken to Sergio [Aguero] about him briefly, and he said he was a top talent. He was excited for him, which was good, so that'll be a high expectation. Sergio said [Alvarez] will score goals. He can also excite fans, Sergio said possibly more than him, not in terms of scoring but in terms of the way he plays." JUST IN: Arsenal reach Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer breakthrough as fee agreed  Lescott added that Alvarez enjoys having the ball at his feet as a keen dribbler rather than sharing Aguero's purebred finisher mentality. And he suggested that Man City must have faith in his talent if they were willing to offload a player of Jesus' ilk to accommodate him this season. "He wants to dribble a little bit more than what Sergio did, who was more 'let me score', which was great for us but a different mindset," Lescott continued. "But with the likes of [Gabriel] Jesus leaving, you're not going to do that if you're not replacing him with an exceptional talent as well. I'm excited for him, and hopefully, he gets opportunities to score." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag hints at first-choice defensive pairing  Man City fans could get their first glimpse of Alvarez and Haaland in action during the club's pre-season fixtures against Club America and Bayern Munich. The Citizens face Club America in Houston on Wednesday before battling the Bundesliga champions in Green Bay on Sunday. Alvarez will be hoping to make an impact in Man City's first competitive game of the season in the Community Shield against Liverpool on July 30. But in Haaland, competition doesn't come much tougher, and he has plenty to prove to back up Aguero's sparkling preview.