Singer-songwriter and heartthrob David Essex joined the Loose Women panel on Wednesday afternoon and left viewers fawning over him. He joined Christine Lampard, Coleen Nolan, Janet Street-Porter and Brenda Edwards to discuss his first headline tour in six years. However, fans were distracted by his youthful appearance and took to their social media to express their shock. ITV viewers and David Essex fans were quick to praise the show for featuring the star but were more stunned with how he looked. @VLChesh exclaimed: "David Essex - what a sort! Those gorgeous blue eyes and cheeky smile. One of my first crushes! #LooseWomen." @mrscarter22 commented: "Hell yeah! David Essex! Love David Essex! Those eyes #LooseWomen." @noshvscancer swooned: "David Essex on Loose Women", followed by a heart-eye emoji. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Mary Loines expressed: "Well, well, that's my day made! David Essex of Loose Women, yes, please! Fancied him then and still do!" @PaulasPickles fawned: "OK, so I neeeeed tickets to David's tour! I had a poster of him when I was younger!" Millie Cooper agreed: "Oh, count me in! Ladies night + David Essex... perfection!" (sic) Introducing him to the show, Christine began: "You're back on tour! This is a big tour, you are all over the country, how are you feeling about it then, as I know it has been a couple of years!" David admitted: "I am quite nervous, but what was useful is we did a concert for helping Ukraine a few weeks ago, and I thought 'I like this, so yeah, I am looking forward to it." Brenda asked: "What was the scariest prospect for you going back on a tour?" He candidly revealed: "Learning the lyrics! I wrote the songs, but I have to sit there and learn them. "But the good thing is, Hold Me Close, I found out I had been singing the wrong verse in the wrong place for five years!" DON'T MISS...Coleen Nolan blasts Janet Street Porter's ‘slippery pig’ Boris remark [LATEST]Brenda Edwards' fresh heartache as she's forced to pull out of show [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Carol McGiffen slammed for 'fat-shaming' [WATCH] Touching on his love for touring, he also admitted the one thing he hated: "Hotels I don't like. I think the novelty wore off years ago. "If I can get home, then I will." David previously opened up about his career and admitted it was never his plan to be a teen idol sensation. He told Telegraph and Argus: "It was never my plan to be a teen idol. I started in blues bands when I was 15. "I was the drummer hiding behind the cymbals. By the time fame came along, I’d worked in the business for a decade, then suddenly, I was being mobbed. "After gigs, I’d be marched off stage by security to a hotel suite with screams ringing in my ears. It took some getting used to.” David's tour is set to kick off in September 2022, after the 18-date UK tour had to be postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.