Temperatures are raging this week in the UK and the worst is yet to come. The Met Office has extended an Amber Extreme heat warning, with temperatures set to build this weekend into early next week for much of England and Wales. A bad night's sleep is an inevitable casualty of such extreme weather but there are simple hacks that can help. According to sleep expert and author of 'The Little Book of Sleep' Doctor Nerina Ramlakhan, there is a "nice little hack" that involves your forehead. The sleep doc revealed the simple trick on GB News on Thursday. "I use a menthol stick on my forehead," Doctor Ramlakhan divulged. Once applied to her forehead, the sleep doc positions herself in front of her fan next to her bedside table. This "often blows on to my forehead and that sensation of cooling when it hits the menthol on the forehead creates an impression that fools the body into thinking your body temperature is a bit lower". READ MORE: How to sleep: The food 'abundant in sleep-promoting nutrients' - sleep stealers This effect is due to the pineal gland, which "fools" the body into thinking your body temperature is a bit lower, said Doctor Ramlakhan. According to the sleep expert, the pineal gland is what regulates your sleep cycle and melatonin production - processes which underpin sleep. Doctor Ramlakhan brands this method a "nice little hack" for promoting sleep during the heat. You can pick up a menthol stick from Boots for £2.60. DON'T MISSBowel cancer: 'Ribbon-like' poo is a warning sign [INSIGHT]Fatty liver: The sign likely to strike in the 'morning' [ADVICE]Covid: Common symptom to spot - seen in 69% of cases [TIPS] Doctor Ramlakhan also keeps her curtains closed all day with the windows open. "I blast through a bit of fresh air in the morning but during the day keep the curtains closed and the room dark and cool as much as possible," the doc revealed. The NHS echoes this advice: "Close curtains on rooms that face the sun to keep indoor spaces cooler." There are other simple tips you can try to optimise sleep in the heat. READ MORE: Night sweats: 'See a doctor' if you've been 'sweating consistently for two weeks or more' Finding your ideal clothing level can also promote sleep during the heat. "Some people prefer wearing pyjamas or sweats to bed, while others find sleeping nude or semi-nude more comfortable," notes the Sleep Foundation (SF). The SF says to choose the sleeping attire that works best for you, "but keep in mind that thick, insulating bedclothes can elevate your body temperature and cause you to overheat in bed – especially on hot or humid nights". It also recommends the following: There are also some general sleep tips you can try all year round. Getting into a daily routine is an effective remedy for sleep loss. The NHS explains: "If you can wake up, wind down and go to bed around the same time each day, it will really help. Avoid napping too, if possible." The health body adds: "Remember, your sleep routine starts before you actually get into bed, so build in time every evening to wind down – and try to switch off from your tech."