The bizarre episode, widely reported in the German media, will pile further pressure on Germany’s leader at a time when the country is facing the prospect of widespread gas shortages due to its reliance on supplies from Russia. Neighbours in Potsdam have said it was not immediately clear the papers were top-secret government briefings relating to Prime Minister Boris Johnson's wife rather than household waste. Most of the information relates to Mr Scholz’s wife Britta Ernst, the education minister in the German state of Brandenberg, which has Potsdam as its capital. One briefing note seen by German journalists concerns the forthcoming G7 Summit, and includes specific information about Ms Johnson related to her studying art at university and her history of environmental activism. A briefing about Maria Serenella Cappello, the wife of Mario Draghi - who resigned as Italy’s Prime Minister last week and is now, like Mr Johnson, continuing in a caretaker capacity - described her as an English Literature graduate who “avoids the public”. US First Lady Jill Biden and French President Emmanuel Macron’s wife Brigette are both described as teachers, while Yuko Kishida, wife of Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, is revealed to be a “secretary at Japanese automotive company Mazda”. Other documents include a detailed plan of what Ernst was planning to wear at various official events, including when casting a ballot in last September’s federal elections (jeans, blue shirt, thin blazer) and at an election afterparty (Black Hugo Boss suit, grey shirt, chain with stone, black trainers, black Anke Runge bag). There was also the draft of a speech she was planning to make at the Brandenburg Parliament, as well as a schedule of where she would be and who she would be meeting, as well as others relating to her registering for English language courses. READ MORE: Brexiteers offer Truss simple way of torpedoing hated EU deal Several documents were marked VS Confidential, which relates the highest standard for government documents. Such a classification means the documents should either have remained on the premises of official government buildings, or be taken for official trips. German magazine Spiegel has suggested Mr Scholz and his wife “apparently have a relaxed relationship with confidential documents”. DON'T MISSBiden sparks Brexit backlash for relentless 'Britain bashing' and wading into Ireland row [LATEST]'We voted out! You need to stand by it!' Angela Rayner in huge spat over Labour's Brexit [INSIGHT]Badenoch OUT! Kemi axed from Tory race as brutal Truss v Rishi showdown now looms [ANALYSIS] Ironically, animal lover Ms Johnson is a vocal opponent of fox hunting who has called for a trail hunting ban, which would make the laying of real animal scents illegal. MPs, who are members of the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation (CAWF) January put forward an amendment to the Animal Welfare Bill after evidence foxes were killed by accident on Boxing Day hunts this year. In the past Ms Johnson said: "I am against fox hunting. “Always have been. I even campaigned against it when I was much younger by dressing up as a fox. “That’s why I’m a patron of Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation." Mr Scholz visited Mr Johnson at Downing Street on April 8 to discuss the West’s response to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. A Number 10 statement issued afterwards said: “The two leaders shared their disgust at the Russian regime’s onslaught and condemned Putin’s recent attacks. “Speaking about the plight of Ukrainian refugees forced to flee their homes, the two leaders agreed to work together to ensure those wanting to reach family and friends in the UK could do so quickly. “They also agreed on the need to maximise the potential of renewable energy in the North Sea and collaborate on climate ambitions and green energy.”