Kate and William stepped out for a charity polo match on Wednesday, which saw the Duke of Cambridge return to one of his long-time passions. William and his team came out victorious in the Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022 at the Guards Polo Club in Windsor, which raised £1million for the royal couple’s charities. They were joined by a rarely seen member of the Cambridge family — their new black cocker spaniel Orla. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been married for 11 years and share three children — eight-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis. And while they are now deemed the future of the monarchy, things have not always been smooth-sailing for the royal couple. Their eight-year courtship saw a fair share of ups and downs, and one low came at Prince William's 21st birthday party when the pair were secretly dating. Ahead of the party, the prince had lied in an interview and insisted he was completely single, but to add fuel to the fire, according to royal author Katie Nicholl, William “snubbed” the Duchess and only paid attention to an old flame who had flown in especially for the occasion. READ MORE: Cool Kate dazzles in sunglasses on relaxed stroll with Prince William - PICTURES In her 2010 book, ‘William and Harry: Behind the Palace Walls’, Ms Nicholl wrote: “When William attended Kate's belated 21st birthday in June 2003 at her family home in Bucklebury, Berkshire, the glance she threw him across the room when he walked into the 1920s-themed party was beyond platonic.” However, the same could not be said at William's own 21st celebrations a few weeks later. The author continued: “Then at William's party at Windsor Castle later that month, it seemed as though Kate was barely registering on William's radar.” Despite the fact William had invited Kate to the party, he did not spend much time with her. Instead, he focused his attention on his ex Jecca Craig, who he had met six years earlier. It has been reported that Jecca was the prince’s first love, but royal courtiers have insisted they were just friends. However, when William seated Jecca on the head table and had Kate positioned far from the action, it only exacerbated the tension. Ms Nicholl added: “Kate didn't know whether they had been romantically involved or not, but she noted that Jecca had been seated at the head table next to William, whereas Kate had to raise her glass to toast the prince from afar.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ally fumes at Royal Family for ditching Queen's mantra [INSIGHT]Crimewatch is arresting viewing for Camilla [COMMENT]Queen's royal train journeys cost a 'minimum of £25,000' [INSIGHT] William first met Jecca on a trip to Kenya in 1998, but their connection dated back to 1995, when the prince met his ex’s father during a visit to their family's conservation ranch. It was reportedly Ian Craig who sparked William’s interest in conservation. Recalling that trip, William said: “I had such an amazing experience, where I got to see [Ian] darting an elephant for research purposes, and I must have been 16, 17, something like that. “Back then, conservation was very much a case of: put wildlife over here, put people over there. Don't let them meet. “And Ian came along with a pretty radical idea, which was: 'You can't keep these two entities separate. They need to be together.' “This is where I started to realise what the job is.” Now, both the prince and the Craigs support Tusk Trust, a charity that aims to preserve critical habitats, protect endangered species and combat the illegal wildlife trade. Jecca followed in her father’s footsteps and became an environmental conservationist, helping to found the world’s largest wildcat conservation organisation, Panthera. Meanwhile, William proposed to Kate in Kenya, having grown a love for Africa. And Jecca was a guest at the Duke and Duchess' spectacular Royal Wedding at Westminster Abbey in 2011. Five years later, the William travelled to Kenya to watch his ex marry Zoological Society expert Professor Jonathan Baillie.