Manchester United appear to be holding the No 21 shirt back for if and when Frenkie de Jong arrives. The Barcelona star is Erik ten Hag’s top target and, though there have been claims the 25-year-old doesn’t want to come, the Red Devils are still confident a deal can be struck. As the clock ticks, however, uncertainty grows… Manchester United have spent nearly three months pursuing De Jong, such is their determination to bring the midfielder to the Nou Camp. But, as the saga nears its 12th week, there’s still no end in sight. What is becoming abundantly clear, however, is that United are holding the No 21 shirt for the Netherlands international. That, after all, is his preferred jersey. The 25-year-old explained the significance of it upon joining Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when he quit Ajax. "I feel comfortable with that number," stated the midfielder. "I could easily play with another number, you know, it's not a problem, but it is nice that it also gives people a way of recognising me. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative "I brought my whole family to my presentation in Barcelona, except my grandfather Hans de Jong, my father's father. “He died on the day of my 21st birthday. Unconsciously it is also a kind of tribute. “He was a huge football fan." And though United have signed three players in Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez, all three have been given different digits instead. Malacia will wear the No 12 shirt that has been worn by cult heroes such as Chris Smalling and Phil Neville in previous years. Eriksen has taken the No 14 jersey formerly worn by Jesse Lingard, who left the club on a free transfer to join Nottingham Forest. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And Martinez will inherit the No 6 which was worn by Paul Pogba for six years throughout his time at Old Trafford. The No 21 jersey at United is presently free due to the departure of Edinson Cavani who, like Lingard and Pogba, is now a figure of the past rather than the future. And it’s relatively significant because it’s the number of titles United want to win, having been stuck on 20 since 2013. United have no plans to walk away from the De Jong deal just yet, believing it will eventually get done. They’ve agreed to pay £63million for the midfielder - a fee that will make him the fifth most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history. Pogba tops the list, having cost an eye-watering £89m upon returning from Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2016. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Harry Maguire and Romelu Lukaku then come next at £80m and £75m after moving from Leicester and Everton in 2019 and 2017 respectively. And United also forked out £73m on Jadon Sancho last summer, too, with the forward touching down from Borussia Dortmund. One sticking point when it comes to a deal, however, is money owed to De Jong. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, the Dutchman agreed to a temporary pay deduction. But Barcelona are reluctant to cough up all of the cash owed to the player, despite spending big on Jules Kounde, Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha. Within United, they’re maintaining calm. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And they’re still optimistic that, by September 1, De Jong will be playing with the No 21 on his back at Old Trafford. Meanwhile, former United star Wes Brown recently told Express Sport that the Barcelona star would be a good recruit for his former side. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here