Royal author Duncan Larcombe said the Duke of Sussex is starting to "rethink" the gamble and is having "second thoughts as well as regrets" over his decision to leave his life in the UK behind. During an interview with Closer, Mr Larcombe said he thought the Prince looked "homesick". He said: "Harry’s suddenly playing polo again and drinking with his new friends - all things he used to enjoy doing in the UK." Meanwhile, he said: "Meghan is cheering him on on the sidelines, helping create this perfect LA life for him to justify what he’s given up in the UK. "But something doesn’t seem to sit right. Harry looks unhappy."  Since moving to California, the Duke has started playing polo at a professional level at the Cancha de Estrella Polo Club in Santa Barbara, playing for the Los Padras team. British player Millie Hine, who knows members of the Los Padres team, told the Daily Mail Harry has been training four times a week and going to the gym most days to keep up with the other pro players. Mr Larcombe commented: "He is living out there in self-imposed exile and Harry is a very sociable person. "In his formative years he had lots of friends - including his estranged brother William - and was always spending time with them. READ MORE: Royal Family ‘worth every penny’ of British taxpayer money "He must sometimes wonder if everything he has given up has been worth it." It's not the first time the royal has been accused of "regretting" his decision of stepping back from the Firm. Ex-royal bodyguard Ken Wharfe, who worked for Harry's mother Princess Diana, said he will live to regret his decision. Ken said he thinks Harry will "live to regret" moving to the US and picking a "normal life" over what he experienced within the Royal Family. DON'T MISS: Princess Charlotte asks Kate heartbreaking question before school [INSIGHT]Kate and William's royal titles 'coming to an end' before new chapter [COMMENT]Palace urged to publish probe into claims Meghan 'bullied' staff [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan stepped back as senior royals in January 2020 and later moved to the US to their new home in California. Their $14.9million (£11million) home in Santa Barbara is said to be surrounded by "megastar neighbours" including Oprah Winfrey and Gwyneth Paltrow, Hello! reported. During the couple's bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, Harry explained his reasons for leaving the Royal Family. He said the decision was made due to a "lack of support and lack of understanding". During a discussion about the Duke's frustration with the British press, he acknowledged that although the "UK is [his] home," he had to remove his family from the situation because he "could see where this was headed". 