The BBC is not only one of the UK's biggest broadcasters, but one of the largest television corporations in the world with an extensive library of shows and hosts. The broadcaster has been obliged by the Government to reveal those who earn more than £150,000 every year since 2017. Express.co.uk goes through the top 10 highest-paid at the BBC, as published in its latest report. Greg James is a new name on the top 10 highest-paid earners list at the BBC. He is best known for the Radio 1 Breakfast Show and Radio 4's Rewinder. The DJ has gone up in the ranks as last year, the BBC report stated he was earning between £310,000-£314,999. Scott Mills has been presenting on Radio 1 for the past 24 years but at the beginning of the month, it was announced he would be joining Radio 2. He will be replacing Steve Wright's radio programme, Steve Wright In The Afternoon, and has received a pay rise of around £25,000 since last year. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury TV personality, broadcaster and journalist Vanessa Feltz has made various appearances on programmes like Celebrity Big Brother and Strictly Come Dancing. Nowadays, she mostly presents Radio 2's Early Breakfast Show and London Breakfast. Journalist and presenter Fiona Bruce is a household name, having been part of the BBC for more than three decades. She has spent many years of her career hosting BBC News programmes and since 2019 has been the face of Question Time. The Welsh journalist is best known for being the face of News at Six, News at Ten as well as various news specials. His salary has decreased since the last report from around £425,000 per year. Working for BBC Northern Ireland, Stephen Nolan has made it into the top five. He presents The Nolan Show on Radio Ulster, Nolan Live on BBC One Northern Ireland and The Stephen Nolan Show on 5 Live. DON'T MISS...John McEnroe shares regret over Wimbledon mistakes [EXPLAINER]Naga Munchetty enjoys £100K salary increase at BBC [CAST]Gary Lineker sparks calls to 'defund the BBC' after 'obscene' wage [REACTION] Despite Mills taking over Wright's position on his famous afternoon show on BBC Radio Two, he still remains one of the highest-paid at the BBC. His salary may have gone down by around  £15,000, but he continues to present Radio 2's Sunday Love Songs Coming in at number three is retired football and pundit Alan Shearer. While he may no longer be playing on the pitch, Shearer is busy commentating on the games on Match of the Day: Premier League, FA Cup and European Football Championship. The second-highest earner at the BBC is presenter Zoe Ball with almost £1m. She was the first female host of both Radio 1 Breakfast and the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Ball has been with the BBC since the 1990s, having previously presented the children's show Live and Kicking with Jamie Theakston. Topping the list for the second year running is former footballer and presenter Gary Lineker. He earns more than £1.35million for hosting Match of the Day, covering UEFA EURO 2020, the FA Cup and Sports Personality of the Year.