Manchester United's frustrating summer transfer window means they are falling badly short of a rebuild that former boss Ralf Rangnick demanded take place at Old Trafford. Rangnick presided over a difficult six months in charge of the Red Devils, with the squad's weaknesses badly exposed. That led to the German making clear how badly United needed to overhaul their squad in their first summer under Erik ten Hag's management. His comments came following a humiliating defeat to Liverpool at Anfield in April. Rangnick pulled no punched in his assessment of the Red Devils' squad, leaving Ten Hag in little doubt about the moves he needed to make. The then-interim boss expressed his belief that as many as 10 new signings would be needed to turn United around. "We have to accept Liverpool are six years ahead of us now. When Jurgen Klopp came they changed at the club and lifted not just the team but the club and city to a new level. That is what needs to happen with us in the next transfer windows," he told Sky Sports. READ MORE: Man Utd 'close Frenkie de Jong transfer deal with Barcelona' "There will be a rebuild for sure but that does not help us when we still have five games to play. If you analyse the situation it is not difficult to analyse. For me, it is clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe ten new players. Before you sign those players you need to be aware how you want to play." With just one player having arrived at Old Trafford and the countdown until the start of the new campaign ticking, United are falling short of Rangnick's demands. That will only serve to harm Ten Hag's bid to restore the club to its former glory. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag makes Fletcher tweak following Rangnick row (INSIGHT)Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have new Paul Pogba (ANALYSIS)Ronaldo 'impressed by Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clear (NEWS) So far, only Tyrell Malacia has been added to Ten Hag's squad, with the Dutchman becoming the third left-back at the Red Devils. But options are still badly needed in midfield and attack following what was a dire end to the season under Rangnick. His warning that a large scale rebuild was needed has no far not been heeded, with United taking their time to complete any more deals. While chiefs have flown out to Barcelona to find a breakthrough in the move for Frenkie de Jong, they are currently falling short of Rangnick's demand, to a deterimental effect on Ten Hag.