NBC’s hit thriller The Blacklist came to an emotional end in May when fans were forced to say goodbye to two beloved characters. After a season focused on the death of Liz Keen (played by Megan Boone), season 10 could finally refocus on the main mystery after fans spotted a major clue.   After Liz’s jaw-dropping death in the season eight finale, viewers watched as the task force dedicated the majority of season nine to finding her murderer. The instalment returned with a two-year time jump which showed how the agents coped with the death of their friend. Red Reddington (James Spader) went into hiding, Donald Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) relapsed and Aram (Amir Arison) founded a new business. However, they agreed to get back to work and find out who killed their beloved friend. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Near the end of the season, it was finally revealed Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens) was the one who pulled the fatal trigger. Although fans had predicted his motive was revenge against Red for torturing him in season eight, this wasn’t the case Knowing Red was planning to leave Liz tapes so she could run a criminal empire, Marvin became jealous because he wanted full control of Red’s business. So, he killed Liz to get her out of the way, which would put him next in line.  However, after uncovering the betrayal, Red let Marvin shoot himself in the car. With Liz’s death finally resolved, fans are hoping the series will get back to the main mystery of the show, Red’s true identity. Viewers have long wondered about his real identity after it was revealed, Red assumed the identity he currently sports and the real Red Reddington had died years ago. His closeness to Liz, led many to believe he was her biological father, while others have predicted Red is her mother, Katarina Rostova (Lotte Verbeek).  DON'T MISS...Jon Snow series: Which Game of Thrones characters deserve a spin-off? [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [INSIGHT]The Blacklist's Megan Boone announces new role after exit [INSIGHT] However, with the wait for season 10, fans have come up with fresher ideas and are convinced Red is actually Liz’s uncle. Taking to Reddit, user 607Primaries wrote: “Anything is possible on the Blacklist. “So when Dom talked about the ‘son he never had’ he could have been talking figuratively expressing disappointment. “It's also possible he had a son much later, perhaps 10-15 years younger than Kat.”  The user added: “Or if you wanted to get Blacklist-level ridiculous, Dom had an unknown son (Kat's half-brother) who was part of a Soviet program to infiltrate US government and would have grown up in the US. “It's even possible that, as a spy himself, Dom might have been forced to give up his son to that program.” Domonic Wilson (Brian Dennehy) was Katarina’s father and therefore Liz’s grandfather, who trained Katarina to become a KGB agent just like him. As a result, this theory could come to fruition, however, fans will have to stay tuned after season 10 premieres. The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 