When former rivals Nick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic go head-to-head on Centre Court on Sunday, it will be a Wimbledon final sure to captivate tennis fans all over the world. The mercurial Kyrgios, long considered box office regardless of his form, will play in his first Grand Slam final, whilst all-time great Djokovic is seeking a 21st major crown. The clash of course, will be available free-to-air on the BBC. And their programming will be more poignant than usual, with the legendary Sue Barker presenting for the last time at SW19 after three decades of anchoring the Beeb's coverage. But for those unable to get in front of a television screen, the BBC iPlayer will also allow fans to stream the final live via their computers, iPads, or even on their mobile phones. And even tennis fans who live abroad, or happen to be on holiday this weekend, all is not lost. A VPN, or virtual private network, will allow tennis fanatics to stream live even if they're not in the UK. What's more, the process is legal and all that will be necessary is a connection to the internet. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic refuses to speak about 'magic potion' he inhaled during Wimbledon match There are ample VPN services available, with tomsguide.com providing guidance on options in countries all over the world. And of course, there will be some television companies abroad showing live coverage of the tournament finale as well, with Kyrgios fans down under able to tune into Channel 9. The clash between the two former bitter rivals will begin at 2pm UK time, and how long the match lasts may well depend on what version of Kyrgios comes to the party. He has already come through two five-set matches, with Djokovic also being taken to the wire in his quarter-final clash with Jannik Sinner. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon fans split over Sue Barker replacement as BBC host to step downMeghan Markle’s ‘control freak’ security at Wimbledon ‘puzzled’ tennis fanLionheart Cameron Norrie gets Wimbledon final dream crashed but wins new fans Regardless, expect streaming numbers to be down somewhat when the tournament reveals its overall numbers after Sunday is said and done. Last year, there were 29.4million streams on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sport over the fortnight. However, that was largely due to the venue being unable to operate at full capacity due to Covid-19. On Sunday, nearly 15,000 fans will be crammed into Centre Court, the first time the men's final has enjoyed a sell-out crowd since 2019.