Sir Stephen Lovegrove said that the likelihood of a new Cold War with the eastern communist nation becoming hot was far greater than the previous one, as the strategic safeguards with the Soviet Union are not present with China. The Government’s national security adviser noted: “We should be honest – strategic stability is at risk.” Many defence chiefs and world leaders have long been wary of China and its “malign influence”. There have been fears that Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine might embolden Xi Jinping into executing similar offensives. Taiwan, a breakaway nation from China, has long been a potential target. Comparisons have often been made between tensions with the east-Asian behemoth and the cold war between communist Russia and the West. But, Sir Stephen suggested, that historical comparison may have its limits – in no small part due to the “pace and scale” with which China was advancing its arsenal. READ MORE: Horror nuclear warning as UK advisor says world is entering conflict Speaking to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington yesterday (Wednesday), he said: “During the Cold War, we benefited from a series of negotiations and dialogues that improved our understanding of Soviet doctrine and capabilities, and vice-versa. “This gave us both a higher level of confidence that we would not miscalculate our way into nuclear war. “Today, we do not have the same foundations with others who may threaten us in the future – particularly with China.” Sir Stephen argued that there was now a “much broader range of strategic risks and pathways to escalation”, including new forms of population-levelling weapons and strategic alliances with third countries. He continued: “These are all exacerbated by Russia’s repeated violations of its treaty commitments, and the pace and scale with which China is expanding its nuclear and conventional arsenals and the disdain it has shown for engaging with any arms control agreements.” The UK’s national security adviser added: “The Cold War’s two monolithic blocs of the USSR and NATO – though not without alarming bumps – were able to reach a shared understanding of doctrine that is today absent. “Doctrine is opaque in Moscow and Beijing, let alone Pyongyang or Tehran. “So the question is how we reset strategic stability for the new era, finding a balance amongst unprecedented complexity so there can be no collapse into uncontrolled conflict.” DON'T MISS:Vanessa Feltz quits Radio 2 after 12 years ‘I need to step down’Women’s Hour claims England’s Lionesses is a sexist nameBBC commentator cries as 8-year-old Tess awarded England final tickets He said that experts had warned him of “escalation wormholes” that would time-warp us closer to “sudden, unpredictable failures in the fabric of deterrence causing a rapid escalation to strategic conflict”. China is believed to currently have around 400 nuclear warheads, compared to the thousands held by the US and Russia – but intelligence experts have sounded the alarm that it is making moves to rapidly increase this amount, and place them more strategically within the country’s borders. It is also feared that China is comfortable developing and using hybrid weapons. Sir Stephen said the UK had “clear concerns” about China’s nuclear proliferation, describing the threat as a “daunting prospect”. In his speech, he called on others to “start thinking about the new security order.” His comments come as Tory leadership hopeful has stepped up her anti-China rhetoric, proposing to build closer ties among “freedom-loving” Commonwealth nations. Security experts have previously warned that China was using its Belt and Road investment strategy to earn allies in the third world, including former British colonies. Ms Truss said the Commonwealth “sits at the heart of her plans for Global Britain”. Her rival Rishi Sunak has hardened his stance on China since the leadership race took off, describing it as the “biggest threat” facing the country. The former Chancellor vowed to shut down Confucius Institutes in the UK, which have links to the Chinese Communist Party. But leaked documents published last night in the Times threw doubt on how serious Mr Sunak saw the threat: notes from the Treasury revealed he was close to signing a new economic agreement with China earlier this year.