Some eight million people depend on financial support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them make ends meet. Yet, not everyone on Universal Credit will get the Cost of Living support payment from this month.  The first £324 Cost of Living Support payment should be on its way to millions of UK residents who are expecting it between July 14 and 31. Those on Universal Credit, Jobseeker’s Allowance, Pension Credit, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credits and Employment Support Allowance have been promised the money to help them manage rising food and petrol costs and soaring energy bills. However, it has emerged that tens of thousands of people on Universal Credit could miss out due to the way they are paid. One claimant spoke to BirminghamLive about how they would miss out on the payment due to their wages being paid on a four-weekly basis rather than per calendar month.  READ MORE: Pensioners slam DWP and say Attendance Allowance is impossible to get  They said: "I get paid every four weeks which means 13 pay days a year, therefore once a year I get paid twice in that timescale for Universal Credit, so I am not eligible for the payment because of this, not because I've earned more. "I contacted Universal Credit and they said they couldn't do anything, they just get told whether someone is eligible." In response the DWP said: "The vast majority of existing recipients of Universal Credit will qualify for a cost of living payment but inevitably a small number will be ineligible on the qualification dates because of a change of income, earnings or other circumstance. "Earnings patterns can vary substantially and it would be impossible to choose qualifying dates that work for every single person on Universal Credit, however, autumn's second qualifying date reduces the risk that those with non-monthly pay periods that were ineligible for the first payment, miss out altogether.” DON'T MISS'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [INSIGHT]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [ALERT]Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth [WARNING]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE]   The DWP continued: “For any individuals that are not eligible for this support, or for families that need additional support, the Government is providing an additional £500million to help vulnerable households and from October 2022, domestic electricity customers will receive a £400 discount on their bills." Anyone can get in touch with their local council to see if they qualify for financial help through the Household Support Scheme. Every council has a pot of money to distribute to those who are most in need. Some local authorities are offering up to £200 in financial support and it’s worth getting in touch with them. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Which DWP benefits get help towards NHS costs? This Household Support Fund is separate from the cost of living support. It's up to the council who receives what but those on a low income will have priority. Meanwhile, all households can expect a £400 discount on their energy bills in the autumn no matter what their income. In addition, pensioner households will receive an additional £300 one-off payment while disabled people will get a £150 payment. 30 freebies you may be able to claim if in receipt of DWP benefits: