Dick and Angel Strawbridge have been a massive hit with Channel 4 viewers as they were given an inside look as they restored Château de la Motte-Husson on their hit programme Escape to the Chateau for several years. The couple regularly share updates from their social media pages when the show is not on and this weekend they have made sure to excite fans as they tease new projects. The couple shared a picture on their Twitter page along with employees who work for Chateau HQ outside the lovely French mansion. They captioned the post in view of their 57,400 followers: "A couple of weeks ago, a few of us from Chateau HQ took a trip to France to visit Dick, Angel, Arthur and Dorothy. "We had a wonderful time catching up on everything we've missed over the past couple of years and we started on some very exciting projects that are coming soon." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their excitement. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news Djpilates1 said: "How wonderful!!! "I wish I could go for a visit! I adore the Chateau and I love Angel & Dick’s fantastic energy & zest for life." OurSayMedia added: "Looking forward to any new series." Janesdonuts2 commented: "Great a new series!" This comes as Dick recently admitted that although they have made incredible progress on the interior of their home, he regrets not giving the outside more love. "We wanted to give you a tour of our garden," Dick began while shooting a video on their website. "It's a beautiful evening at the chateau." Angel was filming him while their two children Arthur and Dorothy were being looked after by their grandparents. The couple were standing on top of a cherry picker, and Angel was holding onto the side of the machine as she was a little nervous about how high up they were. DON'T MISS... 'Emotions high' Janette Manrara marks milestone with Aljaz ending [INSTAGRAM] Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change [COMMENT] Cheryl pays tribute to Sarah Harding in rare Girls Aloud reunion [INSIGHT] They were on the cherry picker as they wanted to discuss their walled garden and show footage of the area from above. "How wonderful is that?" Dick said while panning the camera around the idyllic garden which was bursting with flowers. "Now the garden isn't looking too shoddy from up here, look at those beds," he gushed. However, he admitted: "It does need a bit more love and attention, we haven't had the time really, but look at all of those yellow flowers. "We have got just about half of the garden tamed and there are a lot of things going on." Angel and Dick post updates about their mammoth renovation on their website to keep their Escape to the Chateau fans in the loop. Season nine of the popular Channel 4 programme is set to return to screens by the end of 2022, Angel recently announced. The happy couple have also been nominated for a Reality Television Awards for Reality Person of the Year.