Victoria Beckham has taken to social media to celebrate her parent's milestone wedding anniversary. The fashion designer, 48, paid an emotional tribute to her mum Jackie Adams and dad Anthony as she shared sweet snaps while enjoying a holiday with her family. In view of her 30.2 million followers, the mother-of-four paid tribute to her parents. Victoria wrote: "Happy anniversary!! 52 years!! We love you both so much!!! "Your marriage is an inspiration to us every day @jackie.adams_," she added alongside three heart emojis. The star shared a sweet snap of her parents standing on the end of a jetty while looking over a lake. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host In the next snap, her mum Jackie brandished a glass as her dad smiled on while looking dapper in black tie. Victoria's mum replied: "Thank you!!! I’m sure your marriage is also an inspiration to lots of people! "Love you all so so much. Have a fantastic holiday. Xxx" David also took to social media to celebrate his in-law's milestone anniversary. The sportsman stood in between Jackie and Anthony as the trio grinned from ear to ear in the snap. He captioned the pic: "We love you x. Happy anniversary," followed by two hearts. "51 years today @jackie.adams_" he added. In the next story he shared another snap of Jackie and Anthony after enjoying a meal. DON'T MISS... Michael J Fox's wife asked brutal question amid Parkinson's agony [ANALYSIS]Stacey Solomon admits her wedding to Joe Swash wasn't legal [UPDATE]Piers Morgan sparks fury over 'sexist' 'Uncensored angels' pic [INSIGHT] It comes as Victoria and husband David are currently enjoying their travels around Europe with their family, Sharing a snap on a jet ski with David, Victoria wrote: "Yes, that’s right… @davidbeckham got me on a jet ski. "What next?!" she added alongside laughing faces. The star affectionately placed an arm around David's waist as they both smiled for the camera. Earlier in their holiday, Victoria teased fans as she shared a shirtless snap of her beau in a tiny pair of swimming trunks. The former Spice Girl sent fans “kisses from Positano” as she shared a picture of her and husband David’s lavish holiday on the Italian coast. David was shirtless as he soaked up the sun on a yacht, with the former footballer adding some stylish shades to his summery look. Victoria teased fans as she captioned the post: “YOU’RE WELCOME!!!!! Kisses from Positano.”