Liverpool Airport have taken their chance to poke some fun at Manchester United as they struggle to keep hold of Cristiano Ronaldo. The 37-year-old has told the Red Devils that he wants to leave this summer. United are doing all they can to stop Ronaldo from jumping ship this summer but have found themselves on the receiving end of some cheekiness from Liverpool Airport. The Portugal international has told the Red Devils that he does not want to be at the club anymore after their failure to land Champions League football last season. Ralf Rangnick - who has since left - could not rejuvenate the squad under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and they finished sixth in the Premier League. It means that United will have to ply their trade in the Europa League - a competition that Ronaldo has no intention of playing in. With limited time left in his career, the five-time Ballon d'Or winner wants to be competing for the best prizes in football. And while Old Trafford chiefs are desperate to keep their superstar forward, Liverpool Airport have taken a shot at the club. In a cheeky tweet, they wrote: "Itching to get out of Manchester, but want to avoid the queues? "We happily invite @Cristiano to try the North West's Faster, Easier, Friendlier Airport, where he can connect on to Munich or Lisbon with Lufthansa, or fly Ryanair direct to Paris or Rome." It has caused some giggles down on Merseyside, even seemingly from Jamie Carragher - who could not help but retweet it. The Reds legend has been vocal in his criticism of Ronaldo in the past. He said: "When Pep came into Man City he just went, ‘Joe Hart, no.’ And everyone was like, wow this is England’s keeper he’s been a great player for City, but it was like ‘No, you’re not here’. When Klopp came into Liverpool, they had brought in players under Brendan Rodgers that summer. "I think Benteke cost £35-40m, he was a few quid but Klopp said, ‘You’re not for me, out.’ It was like making that big bold decision straight away that makes everyone sit up and take note. "I’m convinced that Ten Hag has got to do it with Ronaldo, whether he’s allowed to or not. I’ve said this consistently throughout this season: that was not a good signing. Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time and I’m seen as a guy who’s criticising Ronaldo. "Ronaldo is a million times a better player than I ever was, I am not fit to lace his boots obviously but I’m not saying that to be disrespectful to him – he’s amazing – but Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He’s always played for great teams and his attitude of trying to be the main man, driving the team on, getting the goals, when you’re in a great team that is seen as a positive. "When you’re not playing for a great team it can be seen as a negative and I think it has been this season. Man United can’t go into next season with a centre-forward who will be 38, even if he does score goals. That’s not right for Man United."