Katie Boulter is hoping she gives Wimbledon no choice but to put her on a show court in the future after crashing out of the tournament to Harmony Tan. Boulter was the star of the day earlier this week when she came from a set down to beat No 6 seed Karolina Pliskova.  That victory saw her progress to the third round of a major for the first time in her career. And it set up a fascinating tie against Tan, who hit the headlines in the first round when she beat Serena Williams in a three-hour epic contest. But Wimbledon caught many by surprise with their order of play as Boulter, who was on Centre Court for her win over Pliskova, was moved out to Court Two. While the outside court still fits 4,000 fans inside, seats were mostly empty by the time her match started at 11am. With gates not opening until 10am, fans were still making their way into the grounds when Boulter's match was well underway. And the 25-year-old was already a set down after less than half an hour after failing to compete with Tan.  The French tennis ace continued her onslaught in the second and wrapped up the match in 51 minutes, bringing Boulter's Wimbledon dream journey to an end. When asked whether she felt it might have helped had 15,000 fans inside Centre Court helped her instead of being on a smaller court, Boulter said: "Totally understand that. "Look, the crowd tried their best today. I'm not sure, whether I was playing on Centre Court or Court 1 or Court 20, I'm not sure if that's what was going to get me through today. Again, as I said, it's a privilege for me to be out there in front of many people on the best courts in the world.  "Hopefully I'm going to win some more matches and I'm going to be put on those courts. I would never expect to be on those courts in the first place. "But, yeah, I mean, it's great to be back with your home crowd. I would always like to be in the biggest arena that I could possibly be in. Unfortunately that wasn't today." While Boulter still enjoyed her best-ever run at Wimbledon, she won't get the benefits in the WTA rankings. Wimbledon's decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players was met with outrage from tennis' governing bodies, who reacted by removing ranking points from the British slam.