Anita Dobson, 73, played Angie Watts on EastEnders for three years between 1985 and 1988. However, the actress has now revealed in a new interview why she no longer "moves in the world of soaps anymore", while seemingly snubbing the BBC series that made her famous. Anita, who is married to Queen rock star Brian May, 74, has gone on to have a successful career on stage, in film, and television, as well as achieving UK chart success by singing the EastEnders theme song, Anyone Can Fall in Love. However, having left EastEnders in 1988, Anita revealed in a new interview why she no longer watches the BBC soap. She said: "I haven’t seen EastEnders for quite a long time. "I don't watch TV much. I don’t have time – I'm too busy. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon "I don’t move in the world of soaps anymore." Her character in the show, Angie, died off-screen from cirrhosis of the liver in 2002. Anita spends most of her time with husband Brian, whom she married in 2000, as well as making numerous TV appearances. The actress made a surprise appearance at the British Soap Awards last week to present the Outstanding Achievement Award to former co-star Letitia Dean. Anita looked incredible in a glittery purple minidress which featured a low-cut neckline. Gold sequins were placed around the neckline and the star added a gold necklace to match. She swept her blonde tresses back into a bun, while adding another pop of colour to the outfit with red lipstick. ITV viewers tuning into the awards at home were gobsmacked by Anita’s appearance and rushed to Twitter to comment. DON'T MISS... Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICS] Lorraine Kelly, 62, forced to miss ITV show as she shares health woes [COVID] Nick Knowles, 59, looks smitten with new girlfriend Katie Dadzie [WIMBLEDON] Lewispringle said: "Oh my b****y god, Anita Dobson is FABULOUS. "And that means Tish Dean is getting the Outstanding Contribution yasssss! Tish Dean is a Queen! #SoapAwards." (sic) Geordiegalg added: "Anita Dobson, a true EastEnders legend and icon." IndeedItsMark commented: "The great Anita Dobson still with a twinkle in her eye! #BritishSoapAwards #SoapAwards2022." Letitia went on to dedicate her award to her father "who died a week ago" in an emotional speech. She told fans: “Thank you so much, it’s really overwhelming. I’m so touched, I love my job, the cast, the crew, the fans, I love my mum! “It’s been 30 odd years since I was cast, I love you all so much. “I lost my daddy a week ago, this is for my daddy. I’m not very good at public speaking but thank you all. “And my darling mummy, I hope you're enjoying your fish and chips."