The devices provide up to date information about how much gas and electricity a household has used, to help people keep an eye on their costs. Engineer Adam Morris, from AppliancesMadeSimple, said it’s “super important” for people to be getting the most out of their smart meters during the cost of living crisis. He said: “If you go right back to the basics, they will allow you to see exactly how much you are spending on energy/gas. “We all know the classic ways of saving money, by not leaving appliances and devices on (Vampire power), but with a smart meter, you will be able to run your own little tests to understand how best to run your home.” The repair man suggested that people monitor their meter to see what difference it makes to turn down the boiler by a couple of degrees. He also recommended checking if a different setting on the washing machine makes a difference. READ MORE: 'My energy bill is already 50% less': Woman discovers crucial cleaning tip to slash costs Another tip is to test the timing on a thermostat, to see if heating bills can be reduced. By getting the most out of a smart meter, Mr Morris said that consumers could significantly reduce their bills. He said: “Working out how much you could save really does depend on your current usage, the appliances you have and how energy efficient your home is. “However, by understanding your usage first and then working out the best ways to reduce this use, you could be saving up to 10 percent of your energy bill, which based on the current predictions could see you saving around £40 a month by the end of the year. “£480 a year isn't a bad saving; spending a little time to understand your energy usage with a smart meter can pay off.” The energy price cap increase is set to be announced by Ofgem next month, with the new price then becoming effective in October. Analysts believe that the figure will increase by around 65 percent, up to around £3,244 per year. Mr Morris said that even small savings can soon add up. He said: “Although the changes may only see small decreases, once you've found the optimal way to run everything in your home, you could be saving a lot, and let's be honest, right now, we will take any savings we can get.” The household items that use up the most energy are ‘wet appliances’, such as dishwashers and washing machines. This means it’s a good idea to make the most of the warm weather to save on tumble dryer costs. A common issue with smart meters is that they go into ‘dumb mode’, when they stop sending readings automatically. Mr Morris said this problem can be easily fixed. He said: “There are some instances where smart meters can enter what's known as 'dumb mode' where it no longer sends your supplier information on your energy usage. “This can happen due to a general technical issue with the meter, the supplier has chosen to stop receiving the readings, or you've opted out. “If this happens, your supplier will just send out a new one, which tends to fix the issue.” Consumers can also contact their supplier for advice if their smart meter goes into dumb mode.