The Open Championship has begun, with Tiger Woods imminently set to tee off on Thursday afternoon at the iconic St Andrews course. The venue, dubbed the ‘Home of Golf’ due to its rich history, is hosting the 150th edition of the Open, which is the fourth and final major of 2022. The first Open Championship was played with a field of just eight players at Prestwick in 1860, with Willie Park Senior claiming the inaugural title. This year, 162 years and 149 Opens later, St Andrews welcomes fans and players to the historic venue for the 150th Open as stars will look to lay claim to the Claret Jug. The 150th Open will be played on the historic links of The Old Course for the 30th time. The Old Course is very widely regarded to be the ‘Home of Golf’ because the sport was first played on the links at St Andrews in the early 15th century. The Old Course has been deemed crucial to the development of the game. In 1764, the course had 22 holes but William St Clair of Roslin authorised changes as he decided the first four and last four holes were too short, combining them into four total holes - thus creating the standard of 18 holes. READ MORE: Ian Poulter booed at The Open as LIV golfers face hostile reception The Old Course is home of The Open Championship, which is the oldest of golf's major championships. The Old Course has hosted the major on 30 occasions since 1873 - more than any other course - and The Open is currently played there every five years. In the 144th edition of The Open back in 2015 - the last time the major was contested at St Andrews - Zach Johnson emerged from a three-man playoff to win the tournament, defeating Louis Oosthuizen and Marc Leishman in a four-hole playoff. Along with the famous Claret Jug, the American took home £1.15 million. This week’s 150th Open will be the largest in the Championship’s revered history, with a record-breaking 290,000 fans set to attend the course across the week. Unprecedented demand to attend the milestone event led to more than 1.3 million applications in the ticket ballot - and the highest-ever number of general admission tickets issued to fans. DON'T MISSThe Open LIVE: Ian Poulter booed as LIV golfers face major banTiger Woods' bitter feud with 'annoying' Ian Poulter: 'D***'Rory McIlroy: net worth, wife and kids as he eyes glory at The Open The attendance surpasses the previous high mark set at St Andrews in 2000 when 239,000 spectators watched Woods lift the Claret Jug for the first time. Ahead of the event, Martin Slumbers, Chief Executive at The R&A, said: “The 150th Open at St Andrews is going to be a momentous occasion for golf and this is clearly reflected in the extraordinary demand among fans to be part of this historic playing of the Championship. “We very much appreciate their passion and enthusiasm for The Open and are delighted that we will set a new attendance record that far exceeds the previous best set in 2000.”