In other words, taxes; borrowing; spending. Clinton later scrawled one of those three words in red ink underneath the slogan, and underlined it in triplicate. TAXES! Yup.And today Dishy Rishi and Tedious Liz might consider following his example. Perhaps they should have TAX stamped on their foreheads. Because it's tax that will define, win and lose the next British general election. Sunak says he wants to lower tax... but he keeps hiking it. He assures us it's just for now; as soon as he can start cutting it, he will. Hmm. The record shows that once chancellors become addicted to tax rises, they can't stop mainlining them. So if Sunak moves into No.10 (and with a chancellor of his choosing next door) don't expect to have more cash in your pocket next year, or the next, or the next. Expect less. Sunak won't be able to stop himself siphoning off your dosh. It's a bad habit. Liz Truss? God knows. I can hardly understand anything she says, can you? Current polling among grassroot Tories shows Truss will trounce Rishi in the leadership election. I think she wants to cut taxes but I'm not sure how.As a former Lib-Dem she hardly cuts a low-tax, low-public spending figure, does she? Anyway, is it even possible let alone responsible, for a government to slash taxes during a period of rapidly rising inflation? Economic madness, surely? Well... er... no, actually. Inflation didn't stop Ronald Reagan from cutting taxes. On the contrary. One of the first things he did when he came to office (a much-mocked appointment on this side of the Atlantic, some may remember) was to immediately reduce personal taxation. He wanted Americans to have more money to spend so they could boost a struggling economy. He simply discounted then-galloping inflation as any reason to lower taxes. And he was right. What's more, Reagan didn't just dicker around at the edge of the equation: he went straight for the fiscal jugular. He ordered a massive 25 per cent cut in personal marginal tax rates and then lowered them still further in his Tax Reform Act of 1986. The US economy jump-started back into recovery almost overnight. It was demonstrable proof of the truth of the so-called Laffer Curve. Laffer was a 1970s economist who argued that lower taxes actually increase government income, because they encourage people to spend more, invest more, save more - and pay their taxes. Increasing taxes beyond a certain point actually lowers state revenue on all fronts. Reagan believed in the logic of the Laffer Curve and he had the balls to test the theory in practice. It reversed the weary slump of the President Carter era and launched the United States into a period of unprecedented growth. Will Rishi or Truss show the same gutsy purpose? Answers on a postcard. Can you imagine a return of the BBC television ratings smash, The Black and White Minstrel Show? Of course not. Lenny Henry remains deeply ashamed of appearing on the programme as an ambitious teenager but he should cut himself some slack. That was then... this is now. Sensitivities change but not retrospectively. We learn, we move on, and we accept the mistakes of the past for what they were. So what the heck is the Arena di Verona doing casting a white opera singer in blackface in Verdi's Aida? Russian soprano Anna Netrebko, above, posted a photo of herself in blackface ahead of her appearance as the titular Ethiopian princess. She looks AWFUL. Embarrassing. Ridiculous. Insulting. Something from another age. African-American soprano Angel Blue, who landed a key role in another Verdi opera in the same arena, walked out in protest. Blue said she was "so looking forward" to singing in Verona, but that "...the use of blackface under any circumstances, artistic or otherwise, is a deeply misguided practice based on archaic theatrical traditions which have no place in modern society. It is offensive, humiliating and downright racist." Arena di Verona should literally clean up its act and invite Angel back. Maybe to sing the lead, yes? We've been in France for the last few weeks and as usual I am struck by the visible presence of police on the streets. It's like it used to be back home when I was a kid. Our local town is regularly patrolled by gendarmes (though usually armed). You can sit outside a boulangerie sipping your morning coffee and every quarter of an hour or so, a pair of officers will stroll past. At least twice an hour, two policemen on motorbikes will slowly cruise by. It's unthreatening, reassuring and a visible deterrent to casual crime. Why can't we do the same?