Prince Harry and Meghan Markle travelled from their home in California to New York earlier this week for the United Nations General Assembly on Nelson Mandela International Day. Harry gave a speech on Monday, July 18, and criticised world leaders for a “global assault on democracy and freedom”. The Duke of Sussex commemorated the life of the former South African President and highlighted the crises facing the world. He told delegates: “This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe. Climate change [is] wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all.” In reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v Wade, Harry said: “The few weaponising lies and disinformation at expense of the many.” He added: “From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom – the cause of Mandela's life.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry entering 'second part of transformation' as they cash in on Netflix deal Meghan has also joined forces with Gloria Steinem to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment following the Roe v Wade abortion ruling. In response, Express.co.uk asked readers whether Meghan and Harry should stay away from political matters. In a poll that ran from 10am on Tuesday, July 19, to 8am on Friday, July 22, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics?” A total of 6,056 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 97 percent (5,864 people), answering “yes”, they should stay away from politics. However, three percent (171 people) said “no”, while just 21 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of readers shared their thoughts on Meghan and Harry wading into politics in the comments below the accompanying article. Most readers were against Meghan and Harry getting involved with politics as members of the Royal Family should remain impartial and politically neutral. Username Foxxx said: “Members of the Royal Family should stay out of politics.” And username coxalla said: “Prince or political activist he needs to choose, he shouldn't be allowed to be both.” Username 87tina said: “At the end of the day no one in the royal family in any country can go into politics. “So if they do, they both should give up their titles. You can't have both ways.” Others agreed that for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to enter into politics they should renounce their royal titles entirely. Username Bug_bear2 said: “They can wade into politics as much as they like, as long as they hand back their titles.” Username Yorkshire lass 2 said: “They can do whatever they want as long as they do it as Harry and Megan Markle. They should give up all titles and break all links to the Royal Family first.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry court victory: Duke of Sussex WINS High Court appeal in Home Office row [UPDATE]Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan over 'ginger Afro' [LATEST]Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues scathing rant against Duke [VIDEO] While username PhilCo58 said: “They can do whatever they want after they have renounced all their royal titles and connections.” And username Greeneyz wrote: “If they do get involved in politics they need to stop relying on their royal titles to give them kudos and drop them.” The Spectator's Washington editor Amber Athey accused Harry of “mouthing off about American politics despite a rudimentary understanding - at best – of our founding principle”. Some readers shared this view with username Ezra5 writing: “They should stay away from commenting on issues they know nothing about.” Despite this, many have commended Harry and Meghan on using their elevated platforms to speak out on political and global issues, Meghan had shown an interest in such issues since before joining the Royal Family and has used her status to advocate for philanthropic initiatives. Royal expert Chris Ship told ITV’s GMB in May he "always thought" Meghan would launch a political career at some point in her life following her activism. He added that it "wouldn't surprise me in the slightest" if she eventually decided to do so. 