St Matthew’s Church, which is in Dinnington, Newcastle, has hit out at "underhand" bosses at the council, which it claims has broken a decades-long pact to look after the churchyard free of charge. The church, part of the Diocese of Newcastle, now has a hefty bill to cover the costs. The church’s vicar said the news came "out of the blue with no notice whatsoever" and he was quoted £475 from the council for just four more cuts this year. The Rev Mark Edwards MBE, who says a "gentlemen’s agreement" with the civic centre over the churchyard’s upkeep had been in place long before he arrived in the parish in 2008, told Chronicle Live: “We are a small fellowship and those who worship with us give voluntarily and sacrificially out of their own pockets to enable us to remain open to the community. "To suddenly be told out of the blue that we must now pay for a service which up until now has been free of charge, has come as a huge disappointment. "To be told we will now have to pay for something that has always been free will put me personally, and the church as a whole, under a considerable burden." The church is now left scrambling to find extra money as it has neither the specialist equipment, such as a ride-on lawnmower, nor the necessary staff to carry out the essential work itself. Rev Edwards added: "We simply do not have the funding or able-bodied people who can cut the grass for us. Naturally we want to avoid allowing our churchyard to be unkempt as we feel a sense of responsibility to all those who have loved ones buried in the church grounds and to the wider community to keep our grounds in a good state. "We receive no funding from the Church of England, on the contrary, we have to pay the Diocese in excess of £13,000 each year as part of the Parish share. "We are saddened that the Labour-run council has taken this stance and has put us in a position where we are going to have to try and find funding to be able to keep our churchyard neat and tidy. To break a gentlemen's agreement in this way without any warning is regrettable and, personally, I feel underhand." Writing online, one worshipper said: "What the hell are we actually paying our council tax for? The council do as little as possible with our money." Another posted: "This government sends millions to France to keep refugees out and cannot spend a few thousand a year keeping the resting place of good tax-paying British of the past burial place grass cut." Christine Herriot, director of operations and regulatory services at Newcastle City Council, said: "We are sorry that we are unable to provide ongoing ground maintenance, without a formal arrangement in place. "Other churches pay providers for ground maintenance and the change, part of the wider review of all council ground maintenance, has been communicated with the Church. "The Church has had its grass cut on four occasions this season and as a gesture of goodwill, we will offer a further four cuts this year free of charge. "From April 1, 2023 the Church will be offered our paid-for service, which we believe provides good value for money against other providers." 