As the UK enjoys the summer weather, many Britons are flocking outside into their gardens to enjoy the golden sunshine. However, if your garden is looking a little worse for wear, you might be shuddering at the thought of hosting barbecues or gatherings this August. The concept of renovating your outdoor space might even be a daunting one if you're worried about finances. According to Carlos Real, lawn care expert and managing director of TotalLawn: "Sprucing up your garden doesn't have to be expensive". He told Express.co.uk: “Renovating your garden can be costly if not done right, but freshening up your outdoor space doesn’t mean you have to splash the cash." The lawn care expert has shared his top tips for tidying up your garden, "without breaking the bank". While a spring clean "sounds so simple" you might not even consider it part of your renovation project, according to Mr Real it is "the easiest way to spruce up your space". He said: "It can make a huge difference to the overall aesthetic of your garden, whatever its size. "Sometimes it’s the little things that can make such a big difference, such as sweeping your patios, packing away any furniture you don’t use and cutting back your hedges if they’re overgrown. "Give your garden a ‘spring clean’ and you’ll notice the difference in no time at all.” READ MORE: Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine Keeping your grass properly maintained isn't only good for its health, but it can also improve the appearance of your garden. Mr Real told Express.co.uk: “Making sure your lawn is cut nice and tidy is one thing but cutting the lawn into a clearly defined shape can also help you to get the garden of your dreams. "Which shape you choose depends on the size and shape of your garden but cutting your lawn into a shape not only helps the grass to grow thicker and stronger but is also very aesthetically pleasing to the eye. "Whether it’s a circle, rectangle or square, mark it out with string before you start digging, as once you start there’s no going back." If your grass is looking less than impressive, adding a green-up treatment could give it a well-deserved boost. Mr Real recommends using TotalLawn Instant Green, which retails for £19.99. He explained: "In as little as two hours, your grass could be a beautiful green colour ready to show off at your next garden gathering. "If you’re putting other treatments on your lawn, don’t panic, as the green-up treatment won’t affect this.” Weeds can spring up everywhere from your lawn to the cracks between your paving stone and can be a nightmare to get rid of. Not only are they a nuisance, but they can also make your outdoor space look extremely untidy. Mr Real explained that although removing weeds is a "time-consuming task" it is one that can make "a huge difference to the appearance of your garden." He said: "A simple but effective way to remove weeds is to pull them out by their roots. "Persistence pays off in this case, and with continued attention to the weeds in your garden, they will eventually disappear.” DON'T MISSAll year-round scented plants - 14 fragrant plants to grow [FULL LIST]‘No reason to stop’: 4 plants to sow now for late summer [INSIGHT]When to harvest tomatoes next month [EXPLAINER] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Giving your garden a refresh doesn't necessarily mean forking out for brand-new furniture. In fact, Mr Real encourages Britons not to buy new this summer if they can avoid it. He added: "It can be extremely expensive and by the time August is over, you will be packing your brand-new furniture away and putting it into the shed for another cold winter. "Instead, try revitalising the furniture you’ve already got. "Start by giving it a clean with soap and water, if it’s still looking a bit worse for wear then get some paint and give it a new colour. "Once you’ve ‘spruced’ it up, buy some new covers or cushions, this will cost you half as much as it would if you were going to buy new furniture."