Shopper Charlie Bennett spotted packs of the product with yellow, security protected bands pasted across the lids in an Asda supermarket. The sports writer tweeted: "Britain in 2022… Lurpak butter is at £6 a tub in ASDA and even has a security tag on it. Mental!" The price tag on the shelf beneath the packs shows the butter on sale for £6, labelled at a discounted "Roll Back" price with a 75p saving. Twitter user John Fielder asked: "How can that be a Roll Back price?" Fellow Twitter user KE Kamstrup chimed in: "In Denmark we pay £ 8.65 and only when it is on discount price, otherwise the normal price is £ 12.25, so it is cheap in GB mate!" An Asda spokesman said stores tag products they believe are regularly targeted for theft. It comes after one shocked shopper spotted a 750g tub of spreadable Lurpak at £7.25 in their local Sainsbury's.  A 1kg tub of the same brand costs £9 at Ocado. The average household is set to see their annual food shopping bill increase by £380 due to the soaring prices. Asda chairman Lord Stuart Rose recently said some customers are setting £30 spending limits as they cut back. Lord Rose said customers put fewer items in their baskets and choose from budget ranges more often as they try to cope with price increases.  READ MORE ABOUT CPI INFLATION IN THE UK BEING THE WORST IN THE G7 Sainsbury's warned today (July 5) that financial pressures on consumers would only intensify this year. The supermarket giant reported a four percent drop in its underlying quarterly sales, driven by falling demand for general goods. With inflation soaring and customers slashing spending, the UK second biggest supermarket said sales of grocery items fell 2.4 percent over the 16 weeks to June 25. General merchandise sales of non-food goods dropped by 11.2 percent.   DON'T MISS: Five hospitalised by terrifying e-bike fire as blaze ravages house [REPORT] Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected at Wimbledon [REVEALED] Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement [LATEST] The results, described as being in-line with expectations, followed a warning in June from market-leader Tesco that Britons were buying less and switching to cheaper products. Its underlying sales fell by 1.5 percent, while smaller rival Morrisons reported a sales slump of 6.4 percent. Chief Executive Simon Roberts said Sainsbury's understood how hard it was for millions of households right now. He said: "The pressure on household budgets will only intensify over the remainder of the year and I am very clear that doing the right thing for our customers and colleagues will remain at the very top of our agenda."  Consumer confidence has plunged as households struggle with the accelerating cost-of-living. Wages are failing to keep pace with inflation, which reached 9.1 percent in May and is expected to reach double digits. Food inflation is predicted to hit 15 percent this summer and 20 percent early next year, according to some forecasts. The Bank of England warned on Tuesday that the economic prospects for Britain and the world had darkened since the start of the year.  Bank officials have told High Street banks to ramp up capital buffers to make sure they can weather the storm. International institutions, including the International Monetary Fund and OECD, say Britain is more susceptible to recession and persistently high inflation than other Western economies, which are all grappling with global energy and commodity market shocks. Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey said on Tuesday: "The global economic outlook has deteriorated markedly. Global financial conditions as a whole have tightened significantly."  