Ex-England captain, Tony Adams, 55, could be swapping his old boots for dancing shoes when the primetime BBC show returns in the winter. According to bosses at the BBC, Adams will join the squad of former soccer stars to have challenged for the Glitterball Trophy before. Previous footy aces include ex-goalkeeper David James, TV pundit Robbie Savage and England's most capped footballer ever, Peter Shilton. Adams was nicknamed "Donkey" in his early playing days due to his inelegant style of defending. However, he turned this image around when leading Arsenal to their successful spell in the 1990s. Despite the 20th series not starting until later this year, excitement for the glamorous show is already building. Strictly sources have shared what fans could expect from the ex-defender's first appearance. They teased: “This is shaping up to be a fantastic year for Strictly. "They are thrilled to have brought a footballing legend of Tony’s stature to the table." They continued to The Sun: “Tony is a really good sport and has a great sense of humour, which people will get to see for themselves on the Strictly dance floor." More famous faces have been linked to the next series of the dancing show too. Ex-Corrie star Kym Marsh is also rumoured to be joining the former Arsenal ace in the ballroom. The singer and actress, 46, could be one of the favourites to win the competition and a BBC source is reportedly thrilled with the potential signing too. The insider explained: “They are pulling out all the stops to sign Kym as well. "She has been a target for them for years, and while it is not a done deal, they are very hopeful." DON'T MISS...Curtis Pritchard ‘sleeping on floor’ after being kicked out by AJ [LATEST]Strictly's Nicola Adams welcomes baby boy after miscarriage heartache [UPDATE]Strictly Come Dancing: 'Two same-sex couples to feature' in new series [LATEST] Rumours are already circulating about who may join Kym and Tony in getting their sequins on this season. So far documentary-maker Louis Theroux, Gogglebox star Scarlett Moffatt and soap star Adam Thomas have all been linked to the next edition of the glamorous show. Last series, Rose Ayling-Ellis became the first ever deaf contestant to win the competition, alongside professional dancer Giovanni Pernice. The duo stunned viewers and won a BAFTA for their moving routine to Clean Bandit's Symphony, a dance containing a moment of silence in tribute to people who are hard of hearing. Following a popular stint filling in for the flamboyant Bruno Tonioli, Anton Du Beke will continue on the judging panel in the upcoming series. There will also be four more new professionals joining the star-studded cast. Those newbies will be Vito Coppola,Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakkas. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.