Labour Shadow DEFRA Secretary Jim McMahon has been slammed as "incoherent" over his claim that the next incoming Conservative Government would put forward a £330billion tax cut. BBC News’ Johanna Gosling pointed out that is the cumulative tax cuts pledged by all the Tory candidates running for the premiership – but not a collective pledge made by the Conservative Party. While Ms Gosling laid out the fact Boris Johnson’s Government have put forward a £37billion package to help struggling households with the cost of living, Mr McMahon made the false claim that the next Prime Minister would spend an astonishing £330billion. BBC News’ Gosling noted: "It’s not like they have been doing nothing to address real people’s concerns at a difficult time." Mr McMahon then slashed: "I’m afraid this government have economically illiterate. If you listen to the leadership hopefuls now, at least those who have been whittled down, they made tax pledges, tax cuts of £330billion – that is more of the NHS budget." BBC’s Gosling retorted: "Collectively, yes. But they will not be collective Prime Minister and implementing it. They are each talking about tax cuts of up to £30 or £40billion."  Mr McMahon interjected: "Well collectively they have brought forward tax cuts of £330billion." Ms Gosling hit back: "Sorry, you can’t talk about it as a collective position. They aren’t talking about the same thing.” Mr McMahon fired back: "There is a lack of coherence even within a group of people…" BBC's Gostling cut him off, saying: "But that is incoherent, isn’t it?" Speaking on behalf of the Labour Party, Mr McMahon elaborated: "Our strong view is, the public expect those in government to look after their household finances. Working people know how to earn money. It takes a lot of work. And when they pax tax, they want to know the government will treat their money with the same importance they do themselves." READ MORE: 'WILL YOU SHUT UP!' Speaker Lindsay Hoyle has two rowdy MPs kicked out of Commons "When candidates come forward and make these completely wild, unfunded calculations which is just about nipping one step ahead of their opponents, the public are aghast", Mr McMahon said. While trying to make sense of Mr McMahon’s claim, Ms Gosling said: "You make the point about the fact they have supported some of these policies that they are saying they will turn around. And you are saying that is incoherent. Before we move onto other issues, isn’t it incoherent to be saying we will add all those figures up and put a really huge figure, it isn’t actually reflective of what the picture is at all." Despite his confusion on tax cuts, Mr McMahon persisted: "But it is reflective of the leadership debate that has taken place." Ms Gosling called him out on his approach: "But you are adding all these numbers together and saying this is what they are talking about, £300billion of tax cuts." Mr McMahon defended: "We have the hold the government of the day to account, and when they are coming forward with unfunded tax cuts. And actually, one candidate has said where the money will come from. And that is a 20 percent departmental…" DON'T MISS:Wanted! A Brexiteer outside Cabinet to replace Boris [EXPLAINER]EU's Brexit revenge to hurt UK for another decade as MPs fear worst [REVEAL]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [REPORT] Growing impatient, Ms Gosling interrupted him, saying: "Sorry, just be clear on your position. You believe that the next Tory government would implement £300billion on tax cuts?" Mr McMahon hit back: "No, this is a debate that has taken place." Ms Gosling fired back: "But why focus so much on that?" Mr McMahon explained: "They have a responsibility to say that – where those billion pounds will come from. If Labour put forward any policy proposals in the way that we have with our climate investment pledge. Quite rightly, you ask where the money will come from. And we set it out clearly." The bizarre comments come as Tory MPs are casting their ballot in the first round of voting on Wednesday.