Queen Letizia, 49, attended the National Culture awards 2020 at the El Prado museum on Wednesday evening. The Spanish Queen stepped out with her husband King Felipe and looked mesmerising. Letizia chose to wear her Maje Roane Organza shirt dress in pink.  This dress retails for a whopping £323 and looks amazing on the Queen. Letizia previously wore this dress in 2019 on a state visit to Cuba. The midi baby pink dress has a shirt design on the top half. The dress is long-sleeved with buttoned cuffs, however, the sleeves are completely sheer. Letizia’s gorgeous dress also features breast pockets. Finally, the dress is tied together at the waist with a massive bow. Letizia paired this with an unusual pair of shoes. Her stiletto heels are beige suede and are designed by Tony Bianco.  The ‘Marley Clear Vynalite 10.5cm Heels’ retail for just £45. The unusual part about these suede shoes is that the strap across the front is made of clear plastic. The description on the website says: “A blush suede, slip-on heeled mule with a pointed open toe shape, one strap across the front and an open back set on a stiletto heel - this style allows, and encourages the most effortless strut.” Letizia accessorised with dangly earrings that featured opposite colours. READ MORE: Kate Middleton and Letizia have 'different handshakes' - 'fascinating' On one ear, Letizia’s earring was blue and green coloured. On the other ear, Letizia’s earring was purple and pink. The Queen opted against her engagement ring and wedding band. Instead, she wore her favourite gold oval ring.  An original golden design with an oval shape created by Karen Hallam, the ring has gained notable popularity. According to the Spanish magazine Telva, Letizia loves this ring so much because her daughters, Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia gave it to her as a present. The ‘Signature Ring’ as it is known, is sold from anywhere from £93 to £724, depending on the size of ring you purchase.  On the Karen Hallam website, the ring is described as: “Handmade unique ring in solid silver. “Available in sterling silver, gold-plated silver and rose gold plated silver. Also available in solid gold. “The Solid Gold rings will take longer to make as they are ordered individually. Signature ring worn by H.M. Queen Letizia of Spain. The perfect gift for her.” 