Paris Saint-Germain ace Neymar is reportedly unhappy at the Parc des Princes and is considering a move away from the club. But the Brazil international will have to think long and hard about his next destination after Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola rubbished claims that the Brazilian had been offered to the Citizens. Earlier this week, Le Parisien reported that Neymar had been proposed to City and that PSG wanted to take Bernardo Silva to France as part of the deal. But Guardiola was having none of it when he spoke to reporters ahead of his side’s pre-season clash with Club America at the NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. “I am so sorry for Le Parisien, but it is not true,” Guardiola insisted. “I am sorry for them because the information they have received is false. Neymar is an incredible player and, by my information, he is a nice guy. Let him express himself at Paris. Manchester City bought 150 players every summer and it is not true. I am sorry for Neymar of course.” Neymar endured a difficult campaign in Paris last time around as he found the back of the net just 13 times in 28 matches. And he failed to score a single goal in the Champions League as PSG were knocked out by eventual champions Real Madrid in the last 16 after the Spanish giants overturned a two-goal aggregate deficit to win the tie. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd may axe star, Chelsea bid 'rejected'    Neymar was made a scapegoat for his side’s European disappointment, with RMC Sport reporting last month that the Brazil international was considering a move away from Paris due to not feeling loved by his current team. But he could find his options limited if City aren’t keen on him as he is reported to earn a staggering £600,000 per week. A move to the Premier League could still be on the cards if Chelsea or Manchester United decide to pursue him. Both clubs have plenty of money to splash on wages and have already been busy in the transfer market this summer. DON'T MISS...Raphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing in Barca debutBarcelona: De Jong ‘open to Chelsea transfer’ and has bad Man Utd viewChelsea stung by former Man Utd boss Van Gaal in failed transfer     Meanwhile, Bayern Munich could also put in an offer for him as they search for a replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who sealed a move to Barcelona on Tuesday. And Real Madrid could still be in the market for a new frontman after they failed to sign their targets Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland this summer. Neymar has shown in the past that he can be one of the best players in the world on his day. And if he makes a commitment to give his all at his next club, one of Europe’s powerhouses might just decide that his enormous salary is worth paying. 