This week, Coronation Street couple Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) and Phill (Jamie Kenna) are set to be married after a few months of trouble. Tonight, Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) is set to reveal his true feelings for Fiz but is he too late? Meanwhile, Mimi Halliday (Margot Leicester) and Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) go head-to-head as the girl's bridesmaid's dresses are ruined with red wine. Jennie McAlpine recently spoke with Express.co.uk and other press about the upcoming nuptials and revealed her biggest complaint during filming. Fiz has been married once before to John Stape (Graeme Hawley), however, the ceremony took place whilst he was in prison, with Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) and a guard as their witness. Now, Fiz has finally met the man of her dreams and is hoping to have settled down for good this time. Jennie opened up about filming the scenes and what it was like for Isabella Flanagan (Hope Stape) and Macy Alabi (Ruby Dobbs) to be a part of something big. She joked: "It's very hard to get a thermal vest under a wedding dress and a bridesmaid dress, you know? It was flipping, freezing. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host "So, I don't like to moan, I'll try and put a positive slant on these things, the girls loved it, but after 10 minutes, they wanted to put their trackies on." Touching on if she had enjoyed playing a bride, Jennie admitted: "I've not loved it, your talking to someone who in real life just went off and eloped to get married with just me and my husband. "I mean, all that fuss and all that messing about. When Fiz was saying all those lines, 'should we have done this? Like it's doomed, I shouldn't have had this big wedding' I was thinking, 'yeah, you shouldn't'. "I mean, it was nice for about 10 minutes. We had the girls as bridesmaids, it a very posh do, you know all of it." Giving an insight into the process of choosing Fiz's wedding dress, Jennie revealed: "Well, I tried it on and said, 'That one doesn't fit, that one doesn't fit'. "And then we whittled it down to the only one that I didn't say no to. So yeah, I think she chose well." With Tyrone's confession airing tonight, Fiz will have a big decision to make whether she wants to continue her marriage to Phill or get back together with Tyrone. Back in 2021, Tyrone entered a relationship with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu) after cheating on Fiz for the second time in their relationship. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Triple exit as Fiz leaves Weatherfield  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Iconic couple split as Steve left penniless [INSIGHT]Coronation Street: Tim Metcalfe stunned as long-lost brother arrives  [WATCH] He had previously had an affair with Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell), leaving Fiz furious and chucking him out of their home. After some grovelling from Tyrone, the pair got back together and were blissfully happy in their bubble before Alina came along. Once over the end of their relationship, Fiz found love once again with Phill, who said he loved all the things about their relationship that Tyrone previously admitted he hated. Despite their rollercoaster relationship, which included some hidden secrets from Phill in the form of a book about John Stape, the pair are headed for wedded bliss. But nothing ever runs smoothly in Weatherfield as in tonight's episode, Phill's ex Camilla Whittaker (Lousie Marwood) makes an appearance on the cobbles. She reveals she has arrived to check in on Phill and see how he is doing but assures Fiz that she is no harm to their relationship. Will Fiz ever be able to get away from the drama that seems to follow her? Could Fiz, Phill and Hope leave the cobbles for good and start a new life somewhere, leaving Tyrone heartbroken once more? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.