The picture, posted on the couple’s official Instagram account, was captioned: "A summer greeting from our family. Our family wants to wish everyone a wonderful summer!" The Prince and Princess are seen all smiles in a grass field background filled with hundreds of daisies, with their three children sitting on their laps. Carl Philip and Sofia have three sons together, their eldest being Prince Alexander, Duke of Södermanland, who is six years old. Prince Gabriel, Duke of Dalarna is their second son and is 4 years old and the youngest, Prince Julian, turned one in March. All toddlers seem happy and playful and are holding daisies in their hands, embracing the summer, and wearing casual children’s clothes. The prince also looks casual in a light blue shirt, while the princess wears a cute yellow-white dress. READ MORE: Kate Middleton and Princess Sofia step out in identical dress Carl Philip, 43, is the Duke of Värmland, and he is the only son and the second of three children of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia. He is fourth in line to the Swedish throne, and lives with his wife, Sofia, Duchess of Värmland, 37, in Villa Solbacken in Djurgården, Stockholm. The cute picture attracted the attention of tens of thousands of fans, who rushed to like and comment sending their best wishes to the couple. Carl Philip and Sofia got married in 2015, and have spoken out about their loving relationship, with the princess admitting it was "love at first sight". In an interview on Swedish channel TV4 ahead of their wedding, the princess had said: "The first thing I noticed about Carl Philip was that he seemed very humble." DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan fear Lilibet will be ‘written out of royal history'Prince George hugs dad William before telling him he's too hotHarry 'now regrets' huge Meghan Markle gamble as fears for Prince She added: "When I got to know him, I saw that he was incredibly natural, very intelligent and very humble." And her husband agreed in a heart-melting confession: "Above all, she's beautiful and has beautiful eyes. But she's also a fantastic person. “She's down to earth and has a wonderful personality. There are so many good things to say about her. "I don't think I knew the magic of love before I met Sofia. But ever since I met her, I've seen how love can change a person."