The scammers may appear very convincing, saying they are from Barclays and using a number very similar to the bank’s real helpline. Donal O’Hanlon took to Twitter to warn people of the hoax callers. He said: “Current @Barclays scam going on. “Number which appears on phone is 0345 200 9090 instead of Barclays real number which is 0333 200 9090. Interestingly, they also refer to themselves as Barclay. “They stall you on hold while attempting to empty the account.” Barclays was quick to respond to the tweet, thanking him for raising the alarm about the scam. READ MORE: Santander issues warning amid 'worrying rise' in scam as victims lose £12,000 each The group said: “Thanks for your Tweet and good spot on keeping the fraudsters at bay. “If you can forward everything over to us at internetsecurity@barclays.co.uk with all of the information we'll definitely look into this. “Thanks for bringing this to our attention too.” Barclays recently issued a scam warning to its customers about a rise in scam messages being sent over WhatsApp.  Fraudsters pretend to be someone's friends or family to trick them into giving away their money. The bank warned that anyone can be a victim, urging people to report it to WhatsApp if they are affected. Research from Action Fraud revealed how these scams operate and what people should look out for. The scam watchdog received reports of this type of fraud 25 times between August and October 2021. Victims of the WhatsApp scam lost a total of £48,356 to criminals. The fraudsters will usually claim to be a family member and will start the conversation with a greeting, such as “Hello Mum” or “Hello Dad”. They will go on to say that they are texting from a new mobile number as their phone was lost or damaged. The scammer will go on to ask for money to buy a new phone, or claim that they need money urgently to pay a bill. Well-meaning people can be conned into handing over thousands of pounds in this way. Some brazen scammers even return to the scene of the crime and return with further demands for money. The fraudsters will usually claim to be a family member and will start the conversation with a greeting, such as “Hello Mum” or “Hello Dad”.  On its website, Barclays has shared advice for those targeted on WhatsApp by potential fraudsters. The bank said: “Scammers send messages where they impersonate your family members or friends. “They’ll give a reason why they’re using a different number, like saying they’ve lost their phone, then mention a reason they need money, such as an unpaid bill or a lost wallet. “Never send a photo of the front and back of your card – this will allow someone to make purchases using your card or even access your online banking. “If you get a message from friends or family asking for money, give them a call on a number you trust and speak to them before you make any payments.”