The seven-year-old voiced her support for England women's football team earlier today as she wished them good luck ahead of their decisive match against Germany. In a 10-second clip posted on the Kensington Royal Instagram account, Prince William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way." "The princess, who was shyly sitting beside him, said: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye!" England vs Germany LIVE: Germans dealt crushing blow minutes before Euro 2022 final begins On Twitter, royal watchers were quick to point out the girl's absence. One user said: "Pleased to see Prince William is there but would have been fab if Princess Charlotte had attended too." A second one wrote: "WHERE'S PRINCESS CHARLOTTE?" If the Lionesses win, it would be England's first major football tournament victory since 1966. England did win the last time they played against Germany in February, and since Sarina Wiegman took over as coach in September, they have won 17 out of the 19 games played. But winning tonight is no easy ambition, as Germany have won the Euros title eight times, as well as 21 of the 27 meetings between the two teams. A Royal Air Force flypast led by an all-female crew took to the skies to cheer on the team ahead of this evening's match. It was flanked by two Typhoon fighter jets. DON'T MISSSunak's Brexit credentials torn apart as Tory leadership fury erupts [ANALYSIS]Putin health fears: Puffy-faced despot spotted in new pictures [IMAGES]Hot weather – Lightning storm to strike IN HOURS before 30C heatwave [FORECAST] Flt Lt Lauren, who helped train the first female Afghan pilots when she was deployed in Afghanistan, described watching the England team as "inspiring". She said: "I've flown missions all over the world with the RAF, but this will be one of the most memorable. "It's been inspiring to watch the Lionesses progress and I will be loudly cheering them on as soon as I land back at RAF Brize Norton." Around 90,000 fans are expected at Wembley Stadium this evening – a record for a Euros final. The previous record was set in 1964 at the men's final, with 79,115 fans watching Spain host the Soviet Union. Last year's men's final between England and Italy at Wembley was watched by 67,000, a reduced figure forced by the coronavirus pandemic.