Good news! Samsung might be about to fix one of the biggest annoyances with its smartphones and it's great for anyone thinking of upgrading their current device next year. The big change is all to do with what's under the hood of the Korean firm's premium handsets. Although a Galaxy S22 will look the same whether you buy it in the UK or the US things are very different once you peep behind the screen. For example, those buying the new Galaxy S22 in America will get the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor tucked inside. However, grab that same device in Europe and you'll find it's powered by Samsung's Exynos 2200 brains instead. Although there's not a huge difference between these two processors most speed tests show that the Qualcomm brain is marginally faster and more efficient than Samsung's chip. That means those with a Qualcomm S22 might expect to see slightly faster speeds and little longer battery life. It's also just really confusing that the same device gets a different processor depending on where you live and it's long been a frustration for users. READ MORE: Every UK Samsung Galaxy phone owner must follow simple advice this week Luckily it appears that those buying the next generation of Galaxy devices won't have this problem anymore. Top tech analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo is speculating that Samsung will ditch its own chips in the upcoming Galaxy S23 and switch over to Qualcomm's power for the entire range. It's unclear why Samsung is considering this change although Kuo says that the Korean firm may finally be admitting that it can't keep pace with Qualcomm. In a recent tweet, Kuo said: "S23 may not adopt Exynos 2300 made by Samsung 4nm because it can’t compete with SM8550 in all aspects." We're expecting the Galaxy S23 to be revealed at the start of next year and it could come packed with a big processor upgrade from Qualcomm. The chip manufacturer has already teased that its yearly Snapdragon Summit will be taking place later this year and it's almost certain that the firm will use this event to reveal its all-new Snapgragin 8 Gen 2 processor. Like most yearly updates, expect this brain to be faster, more efficient and provide other features such as improved pictures, better AI and faster video editing.