Patchy, yellow lawns are common during the summer, and can occur for many reasons. When they do appear, it is always advisable to repair them. According to one expert, when the typical British rain returns, those with a patchy lawn should notice an improvement. Kate Turner, gardening guru at Miracle-Gro®, told Express.co.uk: “Once the rain returns, the condition of the lawn will improve. “You need to water the lawn regularly. In hot weather, it’s important to use the sprinkler in the early evenings. “If it is too hot during the day, the water will evaporate, and you risk scorching the lawn. “To keep your lawn green throughout the summer, use Miracle-Gro® Performance Organics Lawn Food 9.1kg bag. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down “This should be applied in the evening as it must be watered in on application. “This takes about seven days to take effect.” Other brands of lawn food can be purchased in garden centres as well as online. For gardeners who have thin and patchy lawn, Miracle-Gro® also has a thickener product. DON'T MISS:Swedish Princesses in ‘stunning’ dresses - pictures [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts flat value by £175k [PICTURES]Rory McIlroy shares glimpse into ‘stunning’ £8.6m mansion [EXPLAINER] Kate said: “It’s a combination of grass seed, fertiliser and soil improver which will help you grow thick, beautiful grass in one use. “By overseeding your lawn, you don’t need to start from scratch, but can add more grass seed to help thicken up the lawn and to green it.” With all products, gardeners should read the instructions before application. Although the majority of lawn care is done during the summer months, there is ongoing maintenance gardeners should be prepared for. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat Kate explained: “Continue to water the lawn in hot weather. “You should have a regular mowing routine, from spring to autumn ideally once a week. “Mowing will allow the lawn to thicken and encourage the grass to branch out which will stop if going leggy and spindly. “Just be careful not to mow it too short. “If the weather is very dry, mow less often (once a fortnight) and keep the mower blades high. “If there is a drought in July and August, you should avoid mowing altogether.” If areas of the lawn are patchy and some are in perfect condition, gardeners can take an area of the healthy lawn to patch up their grass. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: “To begin, cut out the damaged area of turf in a square, using a half moon edging iron to cut the square and spade to lift it. “Lightly fork over the soil in the base of the removed square. “Cut out an identical-sized square of healthy turf from another area of the garden where it will not be missed, or use new turf if you have it. “Place the healthy tub over the damaged patch and brush a sandy lawn top-dressing into the crevices between the turves and compress the turf edges with the back of a rake.”