The Duke of Sussex, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020, spoke at the UN General Assembly in New York on Monday. Harry, who was joined by the Duchess at the event, warned of the dangers of climate change, the Covid pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US during his speech. In a column on Sunday, before the royal spoke, the editor-at-large of South Africa's Sunday Times mocked Harry. Aspasia Karras said: "This charming chap embodies, almost perfectly, everything Mandela stood for. "Just like Mandela, he's been through a lot. "As told to Oprah in his cri du coeur interview, his family and the British press have been giving him and his lovely wife Meghan such a hard time. "All they wanted was to represent. And bring some fast-paced LA management style to the fuddy-duddy palace. "What do they get for trying to do their thing for world peace and glad-hand all over the place as lovely representatives of the B list? Backlast, that's what! "And you know what? They just had to leave. It was too much to bear." Ms Karras added: "Plus he's in exile. Just like Madiba. READ MORE: Nigel Farage blasts Prince Harry after UN speech "No, sorry, of course, he was imprisoned for 27 years on Robben Island. Same, same-ish. "Harry is imprisoned in his gilded pleasure palace in Montecito with a podcast schedule and documentary team following him around." Finishing the comment piece, Ms Karras said: "So yes, I think Harry is a perfect fit, what with the UN being such a very effective organization for world peace. "I'm really pleased he can grab hold of the global spotlight on such an important day, when we remember the sacrifices Mandela made for all of us and our rights. OK? DON'T MISSPrince Harry drops his own Archewell foundation in speech to UNMeghan and Harry engagement interview is when things started to ‘sour’Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle reconcile with her father? "But especially for Harry's right to a security entourage. That will show them" Harry and Meghan arrived at the UN event yesterday smiling and holding hands, giving no response to a US reporter's question about acid-penned biographer Tom Bower's latest book Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors. In his speech, the Duke said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States.  "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." He also spoke about his late mother Princess Diana's meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997, and how he "sought solace" in Africa following her death.  Harry said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019.  "When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face; the playfulness, cheekiness, even... pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity. "Then I looked at Mandela. Here was a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders, asked to heal his country from the wreckage of its past and transform it for the future. "A man who had endured the very worst of humanity - vicious racism and state-sponsored brutality. A man who had lost 27 years with his children and family that he would never get back." Harry said he has "always found hope" in Africa, a continent where he "found peace and healing". He added: "It's where I've felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife." 