Weatherman Matt finished off a weather report and shared some amazing images from Canada of a kayaker having a lucky escape as a tornado brewed while they were on the water. The heart-stopping moment was quite a sight with the weather phenomenon quickly escalating but the kayaker fleeing to safety just in the nick of time. Matt shared the incredible footage of the tornado from Saskatchewan, Canadian. He said: “What looks fairly benign at the moment, just watch this zone of cloud and a lucky escape from a kayaker as the spin begins to start in a matter of minutes. “Just notice how this water spout developed. Just one of three tornadoes and water spouts to have developed in the same sort of area in the last day or two. Pretty impressive stuff.” After finishing off his bulletin, Matt handed back to the studio with BBC Breakfast hosts Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty leading the programme today (July 2). READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage “Run now, Matt, run!” joked Charlie, while the weatherman playfully stepped off screen as the footage of the tornado loomed close to him. “Those are incredible images,” Charlie added. “Nature is stunning, isn’t it?” Matt agreed with his co-star, who looked on in awe at the video. “We might get a lesson later on on how they’re created,” Naga said, ‘Because I always love those lessons from you guys.” Matt responded matter-of-factly: “It’s basically a tornado over the water.” Naga was left unimpressed by his response and told him: “Oh, well you’ve made that go flat, didn’t you?” She added: “It’s great. Dramatic pictures squashed flat by Matt.” Today’s show saw Naga also jibing at Matt earlier when he revealed he was a distant cousin to Wimbledon champion Dorothy Round. Matt and Dorothy were related through the weatherman’s grandmother but the BBC host admitted he didn’t share the tennis player’s court skills. Dorothy was a double Wimbledon winner after she won the women’s singles trophy twice as well as winning mixed doubles at the tournament twice. Naga told Matt: “She sounds like an amazing woman, but I don’t think any of her talent has passed on, has it?” While Matt agreed with her, Naga did go on to reassure Matt he had “other talents”. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton's secret son identified in huge twist [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' [VIDEO] This morning's episode of BBC Breakfast also featured its Newswatch segment with Samira Ahmed revealing the show had received an anonymous caller complaining about the broadcaster's coverage of the festival. The caller said: “For goodness sake, every time I put the telly on, there’s this rubbishy lot of stuff about Glastonbury. “It’s not news. You’ve got loads of programmes about it, it’s all through the news.” She continued: “It looks like an absolute hell hole with a lot of people who can’t string two words together. They can’t string two musical notes together.” “It’s awful, we don’t want to know about it. Thank you so much. Get it off!” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am