In January 2020, Meghan and Harry announced their decision to step down as senior working members of the British Royal Family. Their royal exit, dubbed Megxit by the press, caused tensions to mount between the family and the couple. Despite this, it has been reported that the Sussexes appearance at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, although minimal, was the Queen's way of charming the Sussexes back into The Firm. Speaking on the latest episode of Royal Beat, historian Tessa Dunlop discussed the Queen's "baby steps" to "reingratiate" the Sussexes back. Ms Dunlop said: "I think this was the right call. "I think we saw baby steps during the Jubilee at trying to reingratiate the Sussexes into the family fold. "Not back into The Firm, into the working Royal Family but back into being part of that loving family, which is the persona that the royals have held for decades." She added: "They've pushed that family idea ever since George VI, the Queen's father. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'ultimate goal' could be scuppered as Duchess 'polarising figure' in US "[And] I believe that The Firm is bigger than the Sussexes and therefore, the generosity has to come from them". Making reference to the complaints made about Meghan bullying royal staff, Ms Dunlop claimed that "they were right to shove under the carpet" any complaints made about the Duchess of Sussex. Speaking on personal experience of dealing with an internal investigation, the historian said that it's for the "company in question to look at and consider and to change practices if need be", not for everyone to read. The Duke and Duchess's trip to the UK was their first since their royal exit two years ago. READ MORE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit as Duke 'intends' swift action The couple landed in the UK, along with their two children, the day before celebrations began. The couple remained low-key at the celebrations and only made an appearance at minimal events, including the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. As the couple arrived at St Paul's on June 3, they were met with a mix of cheers and boos from the crowd as they made their way into the cathedral. DON'T MISS The couple held hands and appeared in high spirits while taking to their seats. Prior to the Jubilee celebrations, their last official royal engagement as working royals took place in March 2020. READ NEXT: 