Motorists across the UK have been urged by Mr Lewis to urgently check their divining licences. This is because drivers who are in possession of an invalid or expired licence could be at risk of receiving a £1,000 fine. The founder of MoneySavingExpert said that around two million people are currently in possession of invalid photocard licences, which usually expire after 10 years. And, if motorists fail to renew the document they could be fined £1,000, Mr Lewis warned. It costs £14 to renew a licence online. Writing in the latest MoneySavingExpert email, Mr Lewis said: "Photo driving licences usually expire after 10 years... If you don't renew, you ultimately risk being fined." READ MORE: Drivers to save money every time they charge their EV after new law Photocard driving licences were first introduced in 1998 to replace paper licences. They must now be renewed every 10 years with drivers expected to change the photo on their licence at the same time. In most cases, the Driving and Vehicle Licencing Agency (DVLA) will send drivers a reminder around a month before their licence is due to expire. After receiving the letter motorists should begin the renewal process as soon as possible. DON'T MISS ‘Confused’ cyclist enters motorway and rides against oncoming traffic [SHOCKING] Petrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Super-rare £1m Ferrari caught speeding at 124mph [WARNING] Drivers who are worried that their licence has expired can check the expiry date under section 4b on the card. The renewal process can either be started online via the Government's website, by post, or in person at some Post Offices. It costs £14 to renew a driving licence online or £17 if motorists wish to do it by post. However, applications submitted via the Post Office will cost an extra £4.50 due to postage costs. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers face daily charges with new Clean Air Zones While for most drivers the card needs to be updated every 10 years, motorists who are aged 70 or over will need to do it every three years. The process for them, however, is free. Drivers can still renew their licences even if they are past the expiry date. They will also not receive a fine for a delayed application. Motorists have been urged not to drive with an expired licence. However, they can still operate a vehicle while their application is being processed, under certain conditions such as driving vehicles you were previously permitted to drive. Drivers can also continue driving if they’ve not been told by a doctor or optician they shouldn't.