Professor Clarke a former director of the RUSI and a fellow of Kings College London discussed Ukraine's reclaiming of Snake Island with journalist Kay Burley. Professor Clarke discussed the reason why Russian troops decided to accept defeat and retreat from the island. The former director of the RUSI institute also explained that Ukrainian forces used gifted French Caesar guns, which gave them extra range to bombard Russian troops stationed on the island. NATO-aligned countries have been giving Ukraine's army training and top-of-the-range weapons to push back against the Russian onslaught on their land. Mr Clarke told Sky News: "They've just abandoned it because their position there was untenable. "They were establishing air defence assets on Snake Island to give them control of the air space above it. "And also by implication also that sea lanes in and out of Odesa but it was just within artillery range of these new guns that the Ukrainians have got. "Almost certainly the French Caesar guns, the 155mm ones with a special shell which gives it a little bit of extra range. JUST IN: 'Alarming!' Desperate parents dip into children's savings to pay for skyrocketing bills Mr Clarke added: "It was just within artillery range, and although the Russians had air defence and missile defence, there is no defence against artillery shells. "They're too small and they travel too quickly, and so the Ukrainians just bombarded them with artillery on Snake Island. "To the point where the Russians simply couldn't stay and they left last week." The recapturing of Snake Island has been seen as a major win for Ukraine, due to the location of the Island being in the Black Sea. READ MORE:Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre - Police confirm several injured    Andriy Yermak the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's chief of staff tweeted: “KABOOM! No Russian troops on the Snake Island anymore. Our Armed Forces did a great job. Western aligned countries have been sending Ukraine top-of-the-range modern weapons, in order for them to fight off the Russian onslaught. Britain has vowed to train 10,000 Ukrainian troops every 120 days. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has been praising British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, for continuing to offer weapons and funds. DON’T MISS: Queen fed up with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn'[INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: 'New era of uncertainty' Germany & Ireland rage as Truss plot set for debate [REVEAL] 'All options on the table' Germany ambassador warns EU to hit out if Brexit deal ignored [SPOTLIGHT]    Western military experts have been urging the West to up defences and send Ukraine more, as Russia is posing a major threat to the rest of Europe. Speaking exclusively to the Daily Express, Mr Stoltenberg said: "Britain has some of the world’s most highly trained and effective forces. I have met them many times. Most recently, when I visited the battlegroup in Estonia with Prime Minister Boris Johnson in March, and when on board HMS Queen Elizabeth last year off the coast of Portugal." "I am always deeply impressed by their dedication and their ­professionalism and by the high-end capabilities the UK brings to our alliance." He then said: "Putin wants Europe and North America divided, but we stand united in the face of Russia’s aggression. We are an alliance of 30 nations. READ NEXT