Age UK has raised the call as older Britons have just under four weeks left to put in a claim for Pension Credit in order to qualify for the first part of the Government’s £650 cost-of-living payment. To be eligible for the first lump sum, older people must have been entitled to a Pension Credit payment, or later found to be entitled to a payment, in the period April 26 to May 25, 2022. A successful application for Pension Credit can be backdated by three months.    This means that eligible people who begin the claiming process before August 18 are guaranteed to meet the eligibility criteria. Announced as part of former Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s support package in May, the Government’s Cost of Living Payment will be paid to those on low-incomes. The Goverment classed low-income as those who claim certain benefits such as Universal Credit, Tax Credits, Pension Credit and legacy benefits. The cost of living payment is paid automatically in two lump sums of £326 and £324. The first is currently being paid out, although it'll be later for tax credits recipients, with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) announcing that Britons would receive it in the period between July 17 and July 31. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account    The second will be paid in the autumn, however, a date has yet to be set for this. Pension Credit is a benefit payment which helps top up the finances of those who are of state pension age, which is 66 years. Age UK has stated that it has “stepped up its call” for people to put a claim in as it would “provide a much-needed income boost” for pensioners who are really struggling right now. The charity also highlighted that claiming Pension Credit can open the door to a “wide range” of additional support. These include Council Tax reduction, housing and mortgage support, the Cold Weather Payment,  discounted NHS treatments, reduced water bills, and free TV Licences for the over-75s.   Those who are eligible to claim Pension Credit can receive up to £182.60 if they’re single and £278.70 if they’re a couple. Pension Credit comes in two parts which are Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit and it is paid separately from the state pension. Age UK states that despite the considerable financial benefits, around a third of pensioners eligible in the UK are not claiming the support. Age UK stated that this was a “huge concern, especially as the cost of living continues to rise”. Official Government figures show that around 770,000 households are not receiving the Pension Credits that they are entitled to. READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams This is worth around £1.5billion every year or around £1,900 on average per household. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “It’s not too late, there is still a window of opportunity for older people on low incomes to qualify for the first part of the Government’s £650 cost-of-living payment this year, so we urge people to claim without delay, so they don’t miss out. “We know that around three quarters of a million pensioners are missing out on this important benefit right now.” Age UK shared the story of Linda, 76 who was supported by Age UK with their hot meal deliveries during the COVID-19 pandemic. Linda is a widow and lives with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and osteoporosis, which affects her mobility. During the first lockdown, Linda needed help finding an emergency plumber, and once the issue was resolved, she was recognised as someone who could benefit from additional assistance. Linda then received a full-benefits check which resulted in a near doubling of her weekly income. She was also able to apply for a grant towards her energy bills over the winter and received a £150 award, as well as detailed advice on using energy efficiently. Linda said:  “I can’t thank Age UK enough. I’ve never had as much money.” Age UK has urged Britons to contact their free advice line on 0800 169 65 65 if they believe that they are entitled to Pension Credit so that they can help them with the application process. The advice line can also check if they are receiving all the financial support available to them. Age UK also hosts a free and anonymous Benefits Calculator which can provide an estimate of the benefits that people could be entitled to. Ms Abrahams added: “Many people often think if you have some savings or a small pension there’s no point applying but that’s often not the case. “The sooner people act, the sooner they will find out if they are eligible for some of the additional financial help, and this could be life-changing for them.”