Katie Boulter has not turned up for the start of boyfriend Alex De Minaur’s Court 1 clash with her compatriot Liam Broady following her 51-minute beatdown to Harmony Tan in her own third-round match. The 25-year-old has been a supportive girlfriend all week, proudly cheering on the 19th seed from his box, but has been unable to make it for the beginning of his match because of her media commitments. De Minaur and Broady kick off Court 1 play at 1pm, but the Aussie will have to make do without the support of Boulter for the first few games as she completes her most match press conference and media commitments after being knocked out by Serena Williams’ conqueror Harmony Tan, who needed less than an hour to seal a 6-1 6-1 win over the home hope. Boulter was scheduled to play first up on Court 2 at 11am, a decision that caused controversy as she was relegated to the third-biggest court after upsetting last year’s finalist and sixth seed Karolina Pliskova in her debut on Centre two days ago. Following her statement win, she was then pictured on her boyfriend’s box when he faced another Brit in Jack Draper later that evening, and he came from a set down to dispatch the rising star 5-7 7-6(0) 6-2 6-3. De Minaur then took the opportunity to share his pride in his girlfriend after advancing to round three. JUST IN: McEnroe and Henman in full agreement over Raducanu break suggestion   Stepping up to the mic for his on-court interview on Thursday evening, the 23-year-old started: “Before we talk about my match, can we just talk about Katie Boulter today?” And De Minaur kept supporting his girlfriend in his post-match press conference as he shared how much it meant to see the British No 3 back after a difficult few years of injuries. “Look, I think it's amazing. I mean, what she was able to do today was an amazing effort,” he said of her 3-6 7-6(4) 6-4 upset win over Pliskova. “I mean, under all the circumstances, you know, she got out there on Centre Court, and beaten last year's runner-up. So I think that's pretty special. DON'T MISSLiam Broady sister says star watches 'Love Island every night’Wimbledon order of play: Nadal, Kyrgios and Boulter play on Day 6Wimbledon star Liam Broady bans dad from attending SW19   “I'm just stoked for her. You know, this is her home Slam. She gets to enjoy it. I know she was a little bit nervous going in, but, you know, she's gone out and put on a brilliant performance.” Boulter had also enjoyed an impressive grass season before Wimbledon - reaching a quarter-final in Birmingham and beating Pliskova once before in Eastbourne. “For me, more than anything, I just loved to see her back. You know, I think this is back where she belongs,” her Australian boyfriend continued. “And, you know, in no time she will be even higher than ever. I think she's got an incredible level, and, you know, she's been showing it all this grass season. Yeah, I'm very proud of her.”