According to new research, out of 167 seaside towns across the UK, only 26 have free beachside parking. Devon has both the cheapest and most expensive parking charges for drivers looking to pay hourly. The town of Lympstone charges just 40p an hour to park in the seaside area, during peak season. However, driving an hour and a half down the road and drivers looking to stop in Woolacombe will face charges of £10 every hour. Merseyside’s popular beach resort of Formby follows in second, with parking costing £7.50 for just 60 minutes. Blakeney, Brighton and Blackpool follow to complete the top five, all with parking charges of more than £5.50 per hour. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows Although not all seaside car parking is free, many others come at a very low cost. The seaside village of Lympstone in Devon is revealed as the cheapest of those paid-for car parks, costing just 40p for an hour of seaside fun. Clacton-on-Sea, Fishguard, Melcombe Regis, Milford Haven and Rhos-on-Sea all follow closely with parking charges starting at 50p per hour. Overall, English resorts dominated the top 10, with seven of the 10 cheapest parking spots, with Wales making up the other three places. DON'T MISSLittle-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres [WARNING]Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware [URGENT] Dan Gick, Managing Director at Scrap Car Comparison, warned drivers to make sure they are prepared for expensive parking charges. He said: “Summer is considered one of the best times of year for many drivers - with better weather making driving much more pleasant, and the longer days and warmer temperatures making road trips to the seaside all the more tempting. “However, parking costs should be considered before heading off, as when coupled with the other rising costs of driving such as fuel, a day out at the seaside can end up costing much more than expected. “If you’re planning a day out, why not group up with some other friends to split the cost or try and find alternative transport or parking options to help keep costs down. “Mapping out your journey in the summer months, and ensuring you’re adequately prepared for driving in hot weather will also help to reduce any stress, and help you have a fun day out.” For many people, Brighton is the epitome of a British seaside destination, with the beach, piers, numerous fish and chip shops and arcades making it the perfect place to head for a summer day out. However, anyone planning on driving may want to budget accordingly, with parking costing a whopping £32.95 for a day in peak season. Dornoch in Scotland and Abersoch in Wales follow in second and third positions, with all-day parking costing £24 and £20 for each destination. Many of the destinations ranking among the most expensive can be found along England’s south coast, with Camber Sands, Bournemouth and Looe all also featuring in the top 10. In comparison, two popular spots in Wales offer the cheapest all day parking costs. Drivers looking for a day out in Milford Haven will be overjoyed to see all day parking for just £1.50. Just over 22 miles up the road to Fishguard, motorists will pay £2 for parking, with the same price also seen in Gourock in Scotland.