Manchester United are reportedly ‘chasing another Veron’ in the form of Palmeiras forward Gabriel Veron. Erik ten Hag has supposedly set his sights on a £10million deal for the 19-year-old. But, as well as registering an interest, the Dutchman is also intending to send the youngster out on loan providing an agreement can be struck. Manchester United are aiming to sign young players with potential as they look to succeed under Ten Hag. And the Mirror say Veron is in their sights, with a £10m deal being lined up for the teenager as they plan for a brighter future at Old Trafford. It’s claimed United scouts have been ‘raving’ about the youngster, who scored one goal and registered one assist from five Copa Libertadores appearances last term. The Red Devils previously had Juan Sebastian Veron on their books, with the Argentina international moving in the summer transfer window of 2001. And it seems like they’re now keen on his name-sake, over two decades on. United do, however, plan to send Veron out on loan for the sake of his development. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And Sporting Lisbon would be one potential destination, with the Red Devils having a good relationship with the Portuguese giants - having raided them for four players over the past 20 years. In 2003, after David Beckham’s move to Real Madrid, United acted swiftly to snap up a teenage Cristiano Ronaldo. Four years later, Nani arrived - with the Portugal international proceeding to win four league titles and the Champions League at Old Trafford. In 2014, under Louis van Gaal, the Red Devils raided Sporting for Marcos Rojo after his impressive performances at the World Cup in Brazil. And, back in the summer transfer window of 2020, Bruno Fernandes moved from the same club. Regarding former United star Veron, the Argentina international touched down from Lazio in 2001 with big expectations. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But, after just two years, he was allowed to move to Premier League rivals Chelsea at the start of the Roman Abramovich era. And Veron, speaking last year, opened up on why his time at Old Trafford was ultimately a failure. “No, never,” he said when asked if he regretted leaving Serie A for English football all those years ago. “I signed for United because I had a passport issue in Italy and thought a change of scenery would be good for my mind. “Truth be told, I had a pessimistic view about playing in England, as I imagined that life there would be so different to what I was used to: the Latin lifestyle. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But I found an extraordinary club. You could hardly find one as well-organised, with so many people willing to help. “Everything that happened to me there changed my mind [about England]. I had two great years in Manchester, winning the Premier League title, and I’m still in touch with several of the guys I met: Dwight Yorke, Paul Scholes, Rio Ferdinand, Quinton Fortune, Wes Brown, John O’Shea. I met Gary and Phil Neville again at some point, too.” And he added: “I know that people expected a lot from me in England – and I did, let me make that clear. “Perhaps it was something related to the characteristics of the players; if the club really needed me, in a position where there were decent options already. “To make things work for me, the side – which was doing well – had to be changed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If there was one thing that played against me, I’d say it was the physical conditioning. “I was used to the Italian way, which was key for our game, but in England during that time, the physical conditioning was to play games. “I wasn’t used to playing without an intense preparation, and it wasn’t ideal for me in the long term. As we played more matches, my performance levels dropped. “I had so many up and downs: a few really good games, but other poor ones. “In Italy I managed to have a more stable spell, but I know that my time in English football wasn’t the best.”