Lawyers for the newspaper argued that the private hearing, called to decide that Prince Philip’s will should remain secret, was a serious interference with the principle of open justice. But in a ruling yesterday, Sir Geoffrey Vos and Dame Victoria Sharp, sitting with Lady Justice King, dismissed the paper’s appeal, arguing they could not see how the media could have been alerted to the fact the hearing was taking place “without risking the media storm that was feared”.  They added: “The hearing was at a hugely sensitive time for the Sovereign and her family, and those interests would not have been protected if there had been protracted hearings reported in the press rather than a single occasion on which full reasons for what had been decided were published.” Philip, Britain’s longest-serving consort, died aged 99 on April 9 last year, two months before he would have turned 100. The Duke, who was penniless when he became engaged to the then Princess Elizabeth in July 1947, is thought to have built a fortune worth several million pounds while a member of the Royal Family but the size of his estate and details of what has happened to it have remained a state secret. In June 2021, Andrew McFarlane, president of the High Court’s Family Division, held the private hearing at which he agreed that Philip’s will should be sealed and kept private for 90 years.   His judgment, in which he said publishing the will would be “contrary to the aim of maintaining the dignity of the Sovereign”, was made public three months later. Most wills are publicly available but those of senior members of the Royal Family have been sealed under a convention introduced after the monarchy was embarrassed when Queen Mary’s brother Prince Francis of Teck died of pneumonia in 1910 and left prized family jewels, known as the Cambridge Emeralds, to a mistress, Ellen Constance, the Countess of Kilmorey. The Guardian did not challenge the decision to seal Philip’s will but argued that the media should have been able to make submissions about whether it was fair or justified to hold the hearing in private. It argued it was insufficient for the public interest to have been represented at the hearing by lawyers for the Attorney General.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare  But the judges ruled it was not a case where “fairness demanded that the media be notified of the hearing or asked to make submissions before judgment”. Sir Geoffrey and Dame Victoria added: “It is true that the law applies equally to the Royal Family, but that does not mean that the law produces the same outcomes in all situations. These circumstances are, as we have said, exceptional. "We are not sure that there is a specific public interest in knowing how the assets of the royal family are distributed. "A perceived lack of transparency might be a matter of legitimate public debate, but the (Non-Contentious Probate Rules) allow wills and their values to be concealed from the public gaze in some cases. The judge properly applied the statutory test in this case."  DON'T MISS:Kate's unused royal title the Duchess was given after her wedding [INSIGHT]M25 traffic delays sparked by crash involving multiple vehicles [BREAKING]London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out' [COMMENT] One judge, Lady King, while agreeing the appeal should be dismissed, voiced concerns about whether there could have been a mechanism to allow the media to attend. “For my own part, I believe I would have tried to find a route which would have enabled the media to be present to hear and scrutinise the substantive proceedings,” she said. It is convention for the will of a senior member of the Royal Family to be sealed, following an application to the president of the Family Division of the High Court. This means the wills of senior members of the Royal Family are not open to public inspection in the way a will would ordinarily be. In a ruling last October, the president of the Family Division, Sir Andrew McFarlane, ordered that Philip's will was to remain sealed for 90 years and may only be opened in private even after that. 