For what it is worth, I still do not believe that Boris is a serial liar: he is just serially and seriously chaotic. Boris in Blunderland. His biggest failure was not to realise from the outset that he needed somebody to counter that tendency – to exert grip, to tell him to shut up until all the facts were established. That person used to be Dominic Cummings, whom I do not admire, but once he left, the drift and lack of grip were glaring. The Prime Minister said that there were no parties in Downing Street. He was not lying because he thought they were work breaks but a chap with two glass eyes could have seen the danger walking up the garden path of making such an unequivocal statement too soon.Similarly, he was right to query the procedures (the press and media consistently fail to point out that an appeal court judge recommended changes) which convicted Owen Paterson but he should have distanced himself from it simply because they were friends. Ditto, Chris Pincher. Boris made a light-hearted comment and blundered on because he was thinking of a hundred things and failed to focus on the rock beneath the waves. Before someone else began running his diary, Boris regularly missed appointments. He promised one candidate to attend a big constituency dinner and upon being reminded on the day itself, he said he would be there. When a desperate candidate had watched two trains come in Borisless, he phoned him again. Boris invoked the Almighty and admitted that he had simply forgotten.What happened last week was a tragedy and if you judge a man by his enemies, then it is worth marking the gloating of Putin and of EU leaders like Barnier and Verhofstadt. But it was an avoidable tragedy.The king is dead and his would-be successors have shown no more dignity than a herd of wild horses in full charge. Poor little Prince George! Any other child of nearly nine would have been allowed to watch Wimbledon in cool clothes but the poor mite is royal, was accompanying his parents on duty and had to swelter in a suit and tie on a boiling hot day. Incidentally, is it not unfair that women can wear cool, short-sleeved dresses and open shoes while the men have to sweat it out in suits and socks?How about a bit of informality and equality in the 21st century? In Germany they are rationing hot water. Belgium and Spain, among many others, already have higher inflation than we have. Workers at Paris airports have just called off a strike in return for an inflation-busting pay offer while elsewhere airport strikes continue.It is a summer of discontent and chaos but it is hard to see it wasn’t predictable. Airlines everywhere sacked workers during the pandemic, naively expecting them to return once the emergency was over. Naturally enough, many haven’t.Two people I know reacted to being unable to work during Covid by going into construction instead. Neither has returned to his old job. That phenomenon is prevalent in most Western economies. People try something new and find they enjoy it, just as some people find they enjoy working from home and do not wish to go back to commuting.If we are wise we will build on the new ways, not look back to the old. I did not know whether to laugh or cry when I read of HMRC taking Build-A-Bear to court because the company had not paid customs duty on the bears’ shoes.Apparently, our barmy laws state that accessories for stuffed toys attract duty but those for dolls do not. You couldn’t make it up.Surely only in Britain would a court echo to solemn, learned statements such as “bears do not wear shoes”, which most of us would have found more appropriate to a Monty Python sketch.HMRC won but, given the level of tax evasion and fraud in this country, is this really the way we want the taxman to spend his time and our money? Michael Gove has announced he is backing Kemi Badenoch in the Tory leadership race. Heaven help her. Remember how he backed Boris, nay was even running his campaign, and then at the 11th hour stabbed him in the back and inflicted Theresa May on the party?I think, were I Kemi, I would be inclined to murmur a polite “no thanks”. I discovered a most wonderful facility recently. There is a resource at The British Library which will identify any poem from a single line.All you have to do is email the quote and back comes the answer within a couple of days. It is free and efficient.I had been driving myself half-mad trying to find the quote which, as I now know, came from a poem by Tennyson’s brother, but to no avail.The internet is alive with such information. For example, I can immediately identify any plant by sending a photo to Picture This.Once I would have had to research it in books or go to the library, both of which take time.Now all I need do is sit at my desk.