From saving on energy bills to making the most of food clubs and the “hire economy”, there are things people can do to boost their budget this summer. Express.co.uk has rounded up some of the best tips for saving and making money in July. Throw a dry towel in the dryer - this helps the rest of the washing dry quicker by soaking up excess water, according to tips from Morgan Emslie. Another good tip which can help people save up to £40 a year on energy bills is switching to LED lightbulbs. Swap cards for cash - readers swear by this old fashioned tip with one telling Express.co.uk how it’s helped them save thousands. Save money on water bills by checking out WaterSure and WaterHelp schemes - low income households or those with someone who has a medical condition could benefit from a 50 percent discount. READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee Check benefit entitlement - £15billion is lost every year in unclaimed benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Don’t suffer in silence - use this Benefits Calculator to find out. Save money by using cashback sites - this is money for nothing but can save people hundreds, or even thousands of pounds, over the course of a year. Readers recommend sites like Top Cashback and QuidCo. Save money on purchases by abandoning online shopping baskets - this can save you up to 20 percent depending on the retailer. Check whether there’s a food club near you - Elaine Winghart told Express.co.uk she gets £25 worth of food from a food club in Bristol for around £3.50. It’s different to a foodbank and everyone can benefit from good food at a reduced cost. DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] Yellow sticker bargains: Another way to save money on the food shop is by making the most of yellow sticker bargains, Olio and TooGoodToGo. Most supermarkets slash the cost of food after 7pm at night and Olio is a food sharing app where neighbours can list food they don’t need. Employer Benefits: Lots of employers offer retailer discounts and gym discounts enabling people to save a bit of money. Fat Llama: Renting your carpet cleaner to your neighbours could earn Britons up to £20 a day. Karshare - Alternatively renting your car to your neighbours when you don’t need it could earn you approximately £30 a day. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? Switch banks - current offers include: HSBC £170, First Direct £150 and Nationwide £125. Task Rabbit - People can list their skills on Taskrabbit and earn around £500 extra a month depending on how much free time they have. Foreign language students - Taking in foreign language students could leave people £1,000 a month better off. Conduct a direct debit detox - cancelling subscriptions and old direct debits for things that are no longer required could lead to big savings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Consider using a money app like Snoop - teacher Helen Darby saved £1,500 and says it has changed her life. Set a shower timer - it's easy to lose track of time but creating a 15 minute playlist will let you know when the time is up. Check council tax band - MoneySavingExpert.com estimates that up to 400,000 households are paying too much but be careful as this works both ways. Do you want to share your money saving and money making tips with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 