Jamie Kenna has been featured intermittently in Coronation Street since July 2021 with his role as Phill Whittaker becoming more prominent as his romance with Fiz Stape (played by Jennie Alpine) blossomed. Naturally, ITV viewers are curious about Kenna himself and who his other half could be. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Corrie star Jamie Kenna's wife. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Coronation Street actor Jamie Kenna is married to actress and singer Claire Marlowe. According to her IMDb page, she has been in the movie A Confident Man, a couple of shorts and most recently, the comedy mini-series, House of the Holy. Marlowe is believed to be 5ft 4in while her husband stands at over 6ft, meaning there is at least a 7in height difference between the couple. She is represented by talent agency CDM Ltd, but her main focus is on their two young children. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Kenna told Lorraine Kelly on her ITV morning show that the pair met while working on a play together. Sadly, no other details are known about the family-of-four, including how old the children are and how long they have been together for. They did welcome a new addition to their tribe in June, in the form of a black pug puppy called Sonny who she shared an adorable picture of while snoozing. So far the couple have preferred to keep most of their personal lives out of the spotlight. Marlowe even has a separate private Instagram account with a bio that reads: "Pictures of my little family for friends and family to see". It is thought that the couple live in Brighton with Marlowe flying up to see her husband who is in Manchester filming Coronation Street. In May, Marlowe posted: "A sneaky flying visit to Manchester to see this one @thejamiekenna and watch @passionamusical @hopemilltheatre. "It was really wonderful! This is the kind of theatre I love and want to watch! Oh and be in!" The star also has another passion away from her family and performing. DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [EXPLAINER]Sue Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer spotted by viewer [HEALTH] Jennie McAlpine: Coronation Street star on the 'nasty' condition PSP [CAST] Marlowe's side hustle is a small catering business called Sundae Surprise Tea Parties. According to the business' bio, she caters to events such as private parties, pop-ups, dinner parties and picnics. The majority of Marlowe's delicious sweet treats are suitable for vegetarians. Meanwhile, her husband has been very busy for the past few weeks in the ITV soap. Phill and Fiz are preparing for their wedding day this week and so far things haven't gone quite to plan. Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) and Mimi Whittaker (Margot Leicester) haven't been seeing eye-to-eye, the children's bridesmaid dresses were covered in red wine and Phill's ex-wife Camilla (Louise Marwood) turned up out of the blue. But will the wedding actually go ahead or is Fiz going to have second thoughts and return to her ex-partner Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall)? Coronation Street airs four nights a week at 8pm on ITV.