If a person's new to the gym, they might benefit by enlisting the help of an expert personal trainer. With searches for "personal trainers near me" up 8 percent in the last year, Level 4 Personal Trainer at OriGym Luke Hughes, provided his advice on the do’s and don'ts when looking for someone to kickstart a person's fitness goals.  He revealed it’s important to do some research before choosing the right trainer because choosing the wrong one can "set people back with an injury or knock in confidence". When looking for a PT, slimmers need to make sure the trainer understands their goals, abilities and comfort zone so that each session is the perfect mix of hard work and fun. "Your body and its abilities are unique to you, so a one size fits all fitness plan won’t be optimal for your results," Luke explained. "It needs to be tailored, tried and tested to make sure you’re happy and confident with each exercise." He added: "If you see your programme being regurgitated to other clients, it’s a red flag." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake All qualified personal trainers will have a Level 3 qualification as the industry standard in the UK. Luke said: "If your personal trainer starts talking about nutrition plans, injury rehabilitation or anything that isn’t covered in their Level 3 qualification, make sure you ask to see their credentials to ensure they’re qualified to give you that advice. "Personal trainers are fitness professionals, not doctors or dieticians. "Taking medical advice from someone who isn’t qualified will get you a one-way ticket to injuryville." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Luke said: "When working with a personal trainer you’re paying for their full, undivided attention and time for that hour. "So if you see your trainer typing away on their phone or leaving you un-supervised to get on with sets it’s important to understand the dangers this could cause." Luke warned that if a person is a beginner in the gym, it’s your personal trainer’s job to make sure their technique is correct and they're training safely in order to avoid injury later down the line. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice To make progress in the gym, it's important to track progress each session. This way people can see how far they've come and what they need to work on. "Every session you have with your trainer should be carried out with the hope of you progressing, to do this your personal trainer needs to make sure they’re organised and tracking each session," Luke added. "This could be in the form of manually writing down the weight of each lift you perform, tracking fat loss or noting down your personal best times on the treadmill. "It doesn’t have to be fancy or technical, but it does have to be done." When people come to deciding what's right for them, Luke explained it's important to "highlight boundaries" from the get-go. "The best personal trainers listen to their clients' individual needs and resist offering a one-size-fits-all programme," he said. "If you’re a total novice but you’re looking to transform your body, you might need a trainer who has a more results-focussed approach. "Intense training methods aren’t for everyone, which is why it’s important to highlight your boundaries to your trainer early on so you’re sessions are as enjoyable as possible."