The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been accompanied to an increasing number of official duties by their eldest son over the past 12 months. By slowly but surely introducing Prince George to the public eye, Kate and William are getting the boy to know the world of public engagements. However, body language expert Judi James believes the doting parents are doing it carefully, without relinquishing their duties as mum and dad when it comes to supporting the boy even when he is in the spotlight. While analysing Prince George's last year in the public eye, she told Express.co.uk: "Kate and William seem to be tip-toeing backward cautiously after launching their son on the world stage and while their exchanged smiles of pride are obvious, so is the way they are still quietly available to pay him attention in case he gets bored or is struggling." The Duke and Duchess were spotted cooing over their son during the men's singles final at Wimbledon in mid-July. The boy joined Kate, who attended as patron of the All England Lawn Tennis & Croquet Club (AELTC), and William in the royal box. Stressing he was on official duty and, much like his parents, he was representing the Crown, George donned a suit and tie rather than more casual clothes despite the sweltering temperatures. During the match, both the Duke and Duchess were photographed speaking to their firstborn, who at one point appeared to be affected by the heat as he wiped his head with the back of his hand. Caring Kate was seen touching his forehead while William looked over. A few weeks prior, during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, Prince William was seen seemingly keeping his son engaged during the three-hour-long event. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral While the public has been hugely interested in George since his birth in July 2013, Kate and William have shielded him from the public eye and are trying to give him and his siblings a childhood as normal as possible. His introduction to duties has seen a slow increase in the number of public appearances he has done over the years. While he travelled abroad on multiple occasions since he was a baby to follow his parents on tour, George took part in his first walkabout in December 2019. The boy attended the Christmas Day service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham with his parents, Princess Charlotte and other Firm members before stopping to speak to some of the well-wishers who had lined up for hours to catch a glimpse of the royals.  One year later, Prince George appeared more confident as he walked down the red carpet at the London Palladium theatre to attend, again with his family, a special panto performance dedicated to NHS frontline workers. Last summer, George delighted fans by heading to Wembley Stadium for two EURO 2020 matches, including the tournament's final. These engagements marked a turning point in Prince George's growth into his future role, according to Ms James. She said: "Royal fans have shared every moment of George’s life as a child but the boy we saw at the Euros was clearly a fledgling prince and since then we have watched him unfurl in that specific role while still showing signs of his cheeky, fun-loving side. "The biggest revelation at the Euros came with the seat positioning and the spatial behaviours. "Prior to that event we’d seen George holding his dad’s hand and sticking to his side but suddenly, in front of the hugest crowd, he was sitting in the middle between William and Kate, with a large spatial gap on either side. "George can, like his father and grandmother, show body language signals of shyness but at the Euros we saw a more confident side emerge." Since the EURO matches, George has attended a flurry of engagements, in particular during the long bank holiday weekend dedicated to celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. And tonight, royal watchers are hoping to see the third-in-line to the throne deployed once again as England faces Germany in the Women's EURO final. Fans have also called on Kate and William to bring along Charlotte, described to the Lionesses by Prince William during a prior engagement as "a budding star for the future". While the young Cambridges are making more appearances as they get older, royal author Katie Nicholl previously said it is unlikely Kate and William are planning to make their children's presence at most events a recurring fixture. She previously told 9Honey: "I don't think people should expect to see more of the Cambridge children on the whole, I think it will be kept to important occasions. "The reason the Cambridge children are well rounded, adjusted as they are is largely because they've been allowed to live a relatively ordinary life. "That is hugely important to William and Kate, so don't expect to see their schooling and their happy home life interrupted by too many official engagements."