Iron Man, Captain America, Thor and Spider-Man have all had at least three movies in the MCU and now it’s Ant-Man’s turn. After the light-hearted and relatively small scale (pun not intended) first two outings, Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania is looking much bigger and very influential for the MCU’s Multiverse Saga going forwards. The Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania trailer debuted at San Diego Comic-Con over the weekend during the Marvel Panel in Hall H. Sadly the footage hasn’t been officially released online yet, but those in attendance have described what they saw and it sounds incredibly exciting. Ant-Man 3 is set to launch Phase 5 of the MCU in February next year with Jonathan Majors’ Kang the Conqueror as the film's villain. He’s a time-travelling despot from the future, who is also the Multiverse Saga’s main antagonist as Thanos was for the Infinity Saga. Being a time traveller, it makes sense for Ant-Man and the Wasp to come across him deep in the Quantum Realm, which appears to be the case in Quantumania. According to those present, the trailer opened with Paul Rudd’s Scott Lang doing a reading of his new book Look Out for the Little Guy. The next scene takes place at the family dinner table with Scott, Evangeline Lilly’s Hope van Dyne, Kathryn Newton’s Cassie Lang, Michelle Pfeiffer’s Janet van Dyne and Michael Douglas’ Hank Pym. After the events of Avengers Endgame, Ant-Man tells them all they should be grateful that he saved them after Thanos turned them to dust, which Hank isn’t impressed with. READ MORE: Avengers 5 and 6 release dates, titles announced with new MCU movies Collider reported that Kang’s voice is heard saying: “You're an interesting man, Scott Lang. You've lost a lot of time, but time, it isn't what you think. It's not a straight line.” Next up, the family are playing with a device and they’re dragged into the Quantum Realm. Janet spent decades there so knows her way around and takes them to a strange city where Bill Murray seems to be a king of sorts, who says: “Janet van Dyne, I thought you were dead.” DON'T MISSRobert Downey Jr: Iron Man villain ‘driven absolutely crazy’ on set [IRON MAN]Ms Marvel end credits: X-Men Easter Egg and Avengers Endgame cameo [X-MEN]Thor Love and Thunder end credits scenes: Thor 5 teased with new god [THOR 5] Ant-Man, The Wasp and Cassie are seen fighting Quantum monsters and there’s even a shot of MODOK. Marvel Comics fans will know that MODOK stands for Mental/Mobile/Mechanised Organism Designed Only for Killing. The Marvel villain, aka George Tarleton, underwent mutagenic medical experimentation, which saw his head grow to a huge size along with his intelligence. However, the side effects also resulted in a stunted body, meaning MODOK needs to use a hoverchair. Patton Oswalt plays a non-MCU tongue-in-cheek version of the character in the animated MODOK show on Disney+. The trailer ends with Ant-Man interacting with Kang, who tells him: “When you can see time the way I do, you can see everything. Everything you're holding onto, everything you call life — I know how it ends.” Scott tells the villain that he’s made a big mistake since he’s an Avenger, but after seeing him, the conqueror says: “You're an Avenger? Have I killed you before?” Maybe in another universe. Whatever happens, the events of this movie will no doubt set up the events of Avengers: The Kang Dynasty in 2025. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2023. SOURCE