The achievement for which he will be most remembered is delivering Brexit. Mr Johnson campaigned to free the UK from the shackles of Brussels and, upon entering Number 10, put an end to the paralysis gripping Parliament so that the will of the people could be put into effect. As he suggests, leaving the EU was the start of the process, not the end. Whether it involves negotiating trade deals or taking full advantage of our ability to make our own laws, achieving the full benefits of Brexit will take time and the job is far from over. Mr Johnson is also right to highlight his staunch support for the people of Ukraine in the face of Russia’s brutal invasion. If we meekly accept that a country such as Russia is entitled to expand its borders by force then the entire world will become more dangerous. It’s been suggested that Russian dictator Vladimir Putin is celebrating Mr Johnson’s ejection from Downing Street. The next Prime Minister must ensure any such celebrations are premature by maintaining the UK’s resolute stance. A third policy highlighted by Mr Johnson is levelling up. Who knows whether a future Tory leader will retain this slogan but the commitment to spreading opportunity to every part of the country should remain. Hard-working parents in Teesside, for example, determined to give their children the best start in life, should be natural Tory voters – but the party must prove that it understands their aspirations and backs them to the hilt. Former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher knew this, and so does Boris Johnson. Our next Prime Minister will want to show that they know it too. What would we talk about in this country if we didn’t have the weather? That often means complaining about the rain, but over the next few days many of us are likely to feel it’s rather hot. It will be important to follow advice from the Met Office, for example by staying out of the sun when temperatures are highest. This will be a time to check on loved ones, and people who live alone shouldn’t hesitate to ask a friend or relative to stay in touch. In some parts of the country, or at certain times of day, it may be possible to enjoy the balmy weather. When it’s safe, many of us will want to make the most of the sunshine while we can.