Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media in 2018 when she began her now-famous Instagram account. The cleaning guru now has more than 4.5 million followers, and although she doesn’t share much cleaning content anymore, her followers still share their own on dedicated Facebook forums, including how to remove clothing sweat stains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, an anonymous member wrote: “I’ve been trying to remove these sweat stains but they’ve just turned yellow. “I’ve no idea what to do and some of these t-shirts cost over £100.” Although sweat on its own is colourless, it can react with chemicals such as active ingredients in deodorant or laundry detergent. This then turns yellow and can cause stubborn yellow stains. READ MORE: Monty Don shares how to prune rambling roses now While it is recommended to wash clothing after every use, this may not always be possible for everyone. Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their advice. Michelle Toohey wrote: “In the past I have used white vinegar. I poured it on the pits and rubbed it in. “Then wash on a 60 degree wash with Napisan added to the pre-wash. Then dry it out in the sun as that’s a natural bleach, it worked for me.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean mouldy washing machine drawers [COMMENT]Lawn care tips: Two ways to repair ‘patches’ in the grass [EXPERT]How to get rid of common ‘stubborn’ stains using household items [EXPLAINER] Laura Morkan said: “Pour neat white vinegar and then wash as normal.” Emma Kelly commented: “Easy way to remove lots of stains is white vinegar, I use a spray from Wilko.” The vinegar should be left to work for around 30 minutes before washing. White vinegar has plenty of uses, including being an effective stain remover. READ MORE: Property: Top home improvements buyers could be looking for this year It also helps to clean and deodorise the area. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using Elbow Grease’s All Purpose Degreaser. Fiona Unless said: “Elbow Grease!” Amy Deym wrote: “Don’t panic! Use Elbow Grease and soak, keep rubbing together every so often to help it all break down. “After that I would wash on a 60 degree wash with a scoop of Pink Stuff Oxy Powder on its own or with other whites.” The cleaning spray claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing stains from fabrics and porous materials. The brand behind the spray said: “The ultimate power degreasing properties of this cleaner make it the only cleaner you will ever need, the uses are endless. “Elbow Grease cleans pots, kitchen tops, ovens, microwaves, showers, sinks, BBQs, and much, much more.”