First it was to continue with high taxes and now it is to co-operate with the French over immigration and to stay in the European Convention on Human Rights. We have paid the French millions for co-operation, which has never been forthcoming. Illegal migrants still leave France for Britain several times a day so why pay France anything at all? The chaos at Dover and Folkestone is not down to Brexit, as the BBC tells us in almost every news bulletin, but down to the French’s determination to make life as difficult as possible for Britain following Brexit. That is why they simply haven’t bothered having enough officers on duty checking documents. And Rishi Sunak wants to pay even more! As for not leaving the ECHR, it is a very different world from when we were a founding member nearly three-quarters of a century ago. It would put nothing at risk to leave and give us sovereignty over our own laws, instead of being bossed about by unaccountable European judges making decisions in the middle of the night. Rishi is apparently worried about impact on our other laws but that is ridiculous. When we left the EU, we simply said that all law stood until specifically altered and we can do exactly the same with the ECHR. The brutal fact is that Rishi, although bright and competent, is a cautious creature who will always choose appeasement over assertiveness whereas Liz Truss can be relied upon to go the other way, which is exactly what we need in this post-Brexit, post-pandemic world. Rishi Sunak will not sort out Northern Ireland, illegal immigration and port chaos for the simple reason that he is too afraid to take a stand and upset anyone. He is in fact cautionpersonified, while Liz gets things done without having Boris’s tendency to rush in like a bull in a China shop. And while we are talking about China, yes we need to get tough over Hong Kong and Taiwan but we also need to keep the trade going and the diplomacy in place. Liz Truss rightly promises to raise our defence spending to begin reversing the disastrous run-down of manpower and equipment, which has characterised the approach of successive governments over the last 20 years. However a man cannot serve two masters and we cannot both give our best efforts to Nato and to the European Defence Force. We must choose one or the other and Liz must clarify that not only will we spend more but that we will spend it with the organisation which has kept the peace for all who belong to it since the Second World War and which won the Cold War, rather than divert money and effort to supporting an initiative which is designed to cement the EU as a superstate in its own right. It is a fact of life in this uncertain world that we never know where the next threat is coming from. The rules have been changed in Parliament so that it is no longer necessary to prove that a Minister intended to mislead the House but he or she can be booted out of the Commons just for making an inaccurate statement. That is neither proportionate nor just. Ministers are always correcting answers to questions or placing “clarifications” in the library. It is a practice which reflects no more than the fast-moving nature of question and debate and I have myself had to correct a statement I made to the House when further information came to light. The Opposition gave me a hard time but nobody questioned my good faith. The change is to make it easier to find Boris guilty and the Speaker should never have allowed it. I channelled Boris as the anaesthetist put me out for my cataract op and I drifted off to the sound of laughter. Two days later I was able to appear on Talk TV News without my eye frightening the viewers. Previous generations could go blind from simple cataracts so what a wonderful world we in the West live in. It is, of course, not so easy in the Third World, which those who moan about overseas aid might remember occasionally and perhaps even donate to Mercy Ships, which provide floating hospitals to restore sight. Meanwhile thanks to Moorfields, Lyndon da Cruz the surgeon, Dr Pritchard the anaesthetist and Madonna (the nurse not the singer).