A TechneUK poll conducted exclusively for Express.co.uk shows Ms Mordaunt has seen the biggest gain in popularity among Britons in the past three days. Nineteen percent of the 1,645 Britons surveyed this morning said they believed she would make the best leader of the party, up eight percent from a similar poll on July 12. Rishi Sunak remains the favourite on 22 percent. However, his support has barely moved since Tuesday, only increasing by two percent, with Ms Mordant rapidly closing the gap on the frontrunner. Liz Truss remains in third place with 15 percent support from voters across the country. The findings come as Ms Mordaunt has accused her colleagues of "trying to stop me getting into the final". READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG Her popularity has surprised many of her rivals as she picks up votes across the party. The current trade minister finished second place in both of the ballots of Tory MPs in the contest so far. Yesterday, she received the backing of 83 Conservatives as she started to close the gap on front-runner Rishi Sunak who was voted for by 101 parliamentarians. Ms Mordaunt gained the most extra support in the second round of voting, putting on 16 from Wednesday's total. Her popularity has led to her being the subject of a series of vicious briefing wars, with members of other campaigns accusing her of not being competent enough to lead the country. Former Cabinet minister David Davis, a supporter of Ms Mordaunt, had called out "black ops" being directed at her. Have your say: Should Tory right candidates step aside? Speaking this morning, Ms Mordaunt said it was clear other MPs in the contest were worried about the prospect of facing her in a members' vote. She told Sky News: "People obviously are trying to stop me getting into the final because they don't want to run against me. "This is the greatest prize, this is the greatest country in the world and it's being Prime Minister of that country. "People having seen my polling and having seen how I would fare against them in the final round of this contest, it's understandable they would want to stop me." Tory MPs are currently taking part in a series of knock-out votes to pick their preferred two candidates to become party leader. The wider party membership will have the final say on who should take on the top job. DON'T MISS:Penny Mordaunt delivered huge blow by former boss Lord Frost  [WATCH]Penny Mordaunt tops Young Tories poll [INSIGHT]Fabricant highlights exactly why MPs so terrified of Mordaunt [REACTION] While publicly all those involved have said they want to fight a "clean" campaign, a series of vicious attacks are already being launched by rival camps in the tussle to come out on top. At her launch event yesterday, Ms Truss said she would not be making any "disparaging comments" about her colleagues. She added: "The Conservative race shows what a broad range of talents we have in the Conservative Party. And we didn't get there through identity politics. "We didn't get there through quotas. "We got there because we are a meritocratic party that believes in the future of Britain." But her supporters have targeted Ms Mordaunt, seeing her as the biggest threat to the South West Norfolk MP's chances of being one of the two finalists.  Former Brexit minister Lord Frost, who does not get a vote as a Tory peer, attacked Ms Truss' closest rival as being "absent on parade" when he worked with her on post-Brexit negotiations last year. Meanwhile, Suella Braverman also threw her weight behind the Foreign Secretary last night and lashed out at Ms Mordaunt after being booted out of the race. She described her as the "best person to unleash the opportunities of Brexit" and deliver tax cuts. The Attorney General singled out Ms Mordaunt for criticism, accusing her of failing to stand up for women in her apparent support of trans rights issues and of not being an "authentic Brexiteer". "My perception of Penny is she takes a different view to me when it comes to gender ideology and the position of trans, for example, I think she said a trans woman is a woman, I disagree with that," she told BBC Radio 4's PM programme. At 7.30pm tonight, Mr Sunak, Ms Mordaunt and Ms Truss will go head-to-head for the first time in the leadership race, taking part in a leadership debate along with Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. Amid the increasingly bitter battle to succeed Boris Johnson, the Channel 4 debate will give the candidates the opportunity to scrutinise each other's pitches and make their case to become the next Prime Minister. Ms Mordaunt said today that she was not interested in sniping at her fellow MPs in the race to be leader, adding: "We have to at the end of this contest come together as a party. "You'll see from my campaign that we are not engaging in any of that, and I think that is really important."