Manchester United are ready to pay Frenkie de Jong an even higher salary in order to sign the Barcelona star, reports say. Erik ten Hag is eager to be reunited with his former Ajax midfielder. But a transfer, at the current time of writing, remains up in the air. Manchester United have spent the majority of the summer locked in talks with Barcelona for De Jong. They’re ready to pay an initial £63million fee to land the 25-year-old, with Ten Hag adamant the midfielder is key to his Old Trafford project. Now, according to Sport, United are ready to throw even more money at the player in order to ensure he joins. It’s claimed they’re ‘now in a position’ to raise the midfielder’s salary. Previously, there have been claims United are willing to pay De Jong a wage of £395,000-a-week - eclipsing what he currently earns at Barcelona. So, with that being the case, it’s possible they’ll move him even closer to Cristiano Ronaldo in the pay table. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings De Jong, it’s claimed, has ‘closed the door’ on leaving Barcelona - having previously insisted they’re the ‘best club in the world’. Barcelona, for their part, are determined not to force the issue - but consider the matter far from closed. If De Jong does want to stay at the Nou Camp, then the Catalan giants will make him take a pay cut in order for that to happen. The Netherlands international is owed £17m in deferred wages but United are prepared to cover this, too, to ensure they land their man. De Jong has travelled with Barcelona for their pre-season tour as the La Liga giants step up their preparations for the new season. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Yet this saga still has legs to run and there’s no end presently in sight. Another player Barcelona have included on the tour is Miralem Pjanic, despite the Bosnia international being deemed surplus to requirements. Big things were expected of the 32-year-old when he moved from Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2020. But Pjanic toiled under Ronald Koeman and spent last season out on loan at Besiktas, where he made 26 Turkish Super Lig appearances. The former Juventus and Lyon star has offers to leave the club and is ready to go if Xavi decided to cut him loose. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet Pjanic would be willing to stay at Barcelona and even lower his own wage to ensure he stays at the Nou Camp. Regarding De Jong, the midfielder has been asked about his future twice in recent months. Back in May, he said: “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed. “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” Then, in June, he responded to speculation over his future by saying: "You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." United last raided Barcelona for Victor Valdes in 2015, with the goalkeeper moving during Louis van Gaal’s spell in the dugout. The goalkeeper barely played, however, before being replaced by Sergio Romero. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here