It's been a hard half-century for many, due to cheap sunshine flights and the sad decline of the cheap and cheerful family hotel and boarding-house, throttled by regulation, business rates and uncertain weather. The rise of self-catering rentals or Airbnbs may seem like a solution, but they mean that the family cook, bedmaker and tidier doesn't really get a holiday. But the pandemic and airport miseries have led many to return to seaside resorts, accepting that the odd breezy day or downpour can be freshening, and the flying cloud-shadows on the cliff are more interesting than the bland, over-lit blue Mediterranean summer skies. We live on the east coast, amid a mixture of sedate upmarket Boden-gilet resorts and cheerful chippie-and-fairground places (ironically the cheap ones usually have better beaches). Some have mad attractions such as the Great Yarmouth Hippodrome - one of only two remaining Edwardian circus buildings in England and the only one whose floor sinks to become a pool full of synchronizedswimming lovelies. Just as it did in the days when women didn't mind being called lovelies. Some places have oddball art galleries, Lowestoft has three theatre spaces, a few still with Punch and Judy. Not many have piers, but Southwold does.Walking along it the other day, admiring ingenious penny-in-the-slot machines by Tim Hunkin, I drank in the full beauty of the old homeland seaside. For there are hundreds of brass plaques all along the rail, bought by individuals and speaking of love, faithfulness and family tradition.The texts are memorials to bucket-and-spade breaks, tributes to friends and relatives now gone, proposals, weddings, births, house moves, swims, gatherings of cousins and grandparents. The Bagworth Gentlemen's Cycling Society and its visits are commemorated, as are the proprietors of beloved shops, the names of cottages rented every year, jokes about the summer theatre and one delighted tribute from visiting Chinese. From all along the rails rises a hymn of seaside pleasure and thanks. As if sometimes we need to go to the very edge of the land to be properly grateful for life.  I was astounded and impressed by Emma Thompson's strip in Good Luck To You, Leo Grande. Body positivity at any age is magnificent. I rarely get there, and summer is an annual crunch moment with the Exposing Of The Legs. Many of us happily spend most of the year in trousers or tights, and avert our eyes in a pool or bath from the bits from hip to ankle (sturdy enough, but frighteningly white and possibly a bit scaly). Then a dream reawakens: shorts are cool, beaches are public, brown legs look thinner. So after an exfoliating rub we brave ourselves for the great unveiling. (Fake tan smells nasty and streaks until you look as if you've weed espresso down your leg.) Sometimes you trust to the sun, whereon mosquitoes, thrilled at the unveiling, converge on the fleshy bit behind the knee so you won't get an itch- free night for weeks. At some point in this fiasco you look again at smart linen trousers or a sweeping midi - ankles look OK when white, unlike calves. So it's goodbye legs for another year. The holiday industry reports a boom in solo female some even dumping the hated singleperson supplement. There's much discussion asking "would you feel safe holidaying alone?". Yes! The joy of lone travelling is not just the independence, but that you talk to other people, not just chew over old topics with a pal or partner. Friendships blossom. Ladies, go for it! You'll feel like a heroine in a Mary Stewart novel, even if there 's no sinister ruin or murder to solve.  Some parents protest when their co-ed school goes all-trousers: genderblind navy blue for boys and girls, smart as a naval base. As a schoolgirl I'd have dreamed of that. Is there any more repellent garment in the universe than the school skirt? Tweedy or A-line synthetic, or with fiddly box-pleats that flatten over your bum, they're never the right length. Skinny girls roll the waistband over three times to flash more leg, stout girls feel stouter, lanky girls embarrassed. Teachers waste hours nagging about length, and girls walking or cycling to school get hoots and leers from cars. Death to the school skirt!