Just like anything else in your home, you need to clean your mattress. To prevent the build-up of things like oil, sweat, skin cells, dust mites and bed bugs, mattresses should be cleaned at least every three to six months. While mattress cleaning can be a bit of a hassle, having a fresh bed is essential to your health and well-being. To make getting rid of them a little bit easier, experts at the Mattress Firm have shared how to get these pesky bugs out of your mattress once and for all. Dust mites are incredibly small insects (almost impossible to see with the naked eye) that feed on flakes of shed human skin and therefore known to live wherever there are humans. They are known to live anywhere there is high humidity and a good source of food, making human mattresses and bedding the perfect spot. Dust mites are a nuisance to humans due to their likelihood of triggering year-round allergies as well as other unpleasant symptoms, such as itchiness, sneezing, wheezing, coughing and watery eyes, so this begs the questions: how do you kill dust mites in a mattress? The Mattress Firm Sleep Experts noted: “There are several ways you can kill dust mites in a mattress as well as keep them away for good once they have been removed.” READ MORE: ‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ The most effective method is to use baking soda and a vacuum. The experts said: “Similar to removing urine stains from a mattress, baking soda then vacuuming proves to be a potent weapon in the fight against dust mites.” For this to work, mix a cup of baking soda with a couple of drops of an essential oil of your choice. Then sprinkle the baking soda across the entire top side of the mattress and let it sit for 15 minutes. DON'T MISS: Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass [TIPS]Gardening jobs to tackle in July to ‘encourage healthy strong growth’ [INSIGHT] After the 15 minutes are up, vacuum up all of the baking soda from the mattress so that the dust mites are sucked away as well as the baking soda. Flip your mattress and repeat these steps for the other side. The baking soda will collect the dust mites, therefore the hoover will pick up the mites much more easily. But, be aware, this works best for fabric mattresses such as spring coil. Do not try this on a latex or memory foam core. READ MORE: How to deadhead geraniums in one step to ‘produce new blooms’ The mattress pros also suggested lovering the room’s humidity to kill off dust mites. While this option is a bit less effective as well as possibly more expensive, it is still one way to get rid of the dust mites living amongst your mattress fibres. The experts explained: “Dust mites require around 85 percent humidity to survive in your mattress, so running a dehumidifier can have a positive effect in terms of getting rid of these little buggers. “This option can be expensive, as a good humidifier is not cheap, as well as lower humidity being uncomfortable to some people more than others.” When working to remove dust mites from your mattress, remember that they can also live in your sheets and pillow as well. Always wash and dry your sheets on the "hot" setting and replace your pillow if it is over two years old, says the experts. Removable mattress covers can also help to reduce an influx of dust mites. The cleaning experts added: “These go over your mattress, under your sheets and are quite effective when it comes to removing the dust mites. “Dust mites are small creatures that become a large problem quickly, so it is best to tackle this problem head-on.”