Today would have marked Diana, Princess of Wales’ 61st birthday. In August 1997, a month after her 36th birthday, the princess died in a car crash in Paris. Her tragic death came a year after her divorce from Prince Charles, with whom she had shared a tumultuous relationship. In a public battle of words, nicknamed the ‘War of the Waleses’, the prince and princess’ incompatibility and infidelities were exposed. After a four year separation, the couple were finally able to divorce with the Queen’s blessing, a move believed to be triggered by Diana’s bombshell interview with the disgraced Martin Bashir. However, now, one royal expert has claimed that Diana “still wanted to be with” Charles, describing him as the love of the princess’ life. Kinsey Schofield, founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, talked about Diana after the breakdown of her relationship. She told Express.co.uk: “At that point in her life, she had made so many sacrifices for the Royal Family and it was time to shift to her wants and needs. “She did sacrifice so much and she did do everything she was told to do. And at the end of the day, she still didn’t win. “I think she wanted to be with Prince Charles. I would still argue that he was the love of her life; I don’t think that she was the love of his life. Ms Schofield, who is the author of the upcoming book, ‘R is For Revenge Dress’, added: “But I do think that she still wanted to be with Prince Charles. She gave him an heir and she gave him a spare. “And she showed up to the events and smiled. And she was a superstar despite not having pursued that. “And she did everything she was told to do. And she stayed in line until she realised that she was not being rewarded for following directions.” In 1992, revelations of Diana’s fractured relationship with the Royal Family were laid bare by Andrew Morton in his book, ‘Diana, Her True Story'. Diana told Mr Morton about running away from the Palace, the hate mail she had received, the influence Camilla Parker Bowles had on her marriage and her experiences with the media. DON'T MISS:'I am not responsible' Princess Diana faced same bullying claims as Meghan Markle fights [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and William's 'emotional tangle' would have left Princess Diana 'mortified' [EXPERT]Princess Diana and Camilla have same star sign - 'good match' for Prince Charles [ANALYSIS] That year, she had separated from Charles and a year later, his affair with the now-Duchess of Cornwall was exposed. It was at this time that Ms Schofield claims Diana was “taking back her life”. The royal expert referred to Christmas 1991, when Diana spent the festive season at Sandringham. She said: “At that time, that Christmas, Diana was hiding all over the place taking secret phone calls with Andrew Morton because they were preparing to release the book.” This was 11 years into the princess’ marriage to Charles and, at that point, there had been years of speculation surrounding marital issues. While it has previously been painted as a dark time during Diana’s life, for instance in the 2021 film, Spencer, Ms Schofield argued otherwise. She said: “This was a woman that was finding her ‘out’. She was strategising — some might say scheming, I say strategising. “This was not a woman who was unravelling, this was a woman who was taking control of the situation, she was taking back her life.” “By the end of her life, she had changed the narrative and she had taken control of her circumstances.” Ms Schofield added: “Diana was smart enough to strategise how to change the narrative and get her story out there, because she did not want to be seen as crazy."