In 2016, before Meghan Markle was inaugurated into the royal spotlight, she stunned on the Today Show wearing a scarlet gown. In the same year, Kate Middleton stepped out in a very similar piece. The royals have clearly shown a similar sense of style, but how did they both accessorise the look? Suits actress Meghan Markle stepped into the NBC Rockefeller Center Studios on July 14, 2016. She wore an incredible scarlet dress which fell into pleats below the knee. The dress, which boasted strappy sleeves, also featured a plunging neckline. The bodice cinched the slim actress in at the waist. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice: Expert on the royal's 'fashion fails' In one hand she held a pair of tortoise sunglasses. In the other she clutched a huge statement black leather bag. Elegant as ever, the now Duchess' pumps were a classic beige with pointed toes. As for jewellery, she kept things minimal with a barely there gold bracelet. The actress turned royal wore her hair down in loose curls and went for a bold eye makeup look, complete with what looks to be eyelash extensions. Just two months later, the Duchess of Cambridge stepped out in an extremely similar dress. On September 26, 2016, Kate stepped out in Victoria, Canada, to attend a Government of British Columbia reception. Her dress was almost identical in shape and colour, aside from the asymmetrical bodice on Kate's gown. READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Princess Eugenie appear in same dress weeks apart Unlike Meghan, Kate went for all red accessories. On her feet she wore a pair of suede red pumps. She carried a shimmering red clutch. On one side of the dress she pinned a diamond maple leaf brooch. This had previously been worn by the Queen Mother, the then Princess Elizabeth, and the Duchess of Cornwall. She also wore a statement pair of pearl drop earrings set in diamonds. As for her hair, Kate opted for a chic bun gathered at the nape of her neck. Kate completed the look with a dewy foundation, sweep of blush, shimmer of silver eyeshadow and a touch of black eyeliner.