Witness Number 3 is airing for four episodes on Channel 5, with the grand finale airing on Thursday. Jodie Packer (played by Nina Toussaint-White) is a single mother and community stalwart who witnesses the moments leading up to a murder. Actress Toussaint-White had a baby just before filming the TV series and she spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about leaving her family behind. Witness Number 3 follows Jodie as she is forced to choose between justice and protecting her family. After becoming a key witness to the events leading up to a heinous crime, she is in need of protection. Jodie wants to do the right thing and cooperate with the police, but she also has her young son to think about. Off-screen, actress Toussaint-White has a young daughter, who was born a few months before filming started. She said her husband, actor Joey Ellis, had to give up his job to look after their baby daughter. READ MORE: Witness Number 3 star Nina Toussaint-White teases plot twist Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, she said: "The fact I was a new mum, my husband had to give up work and care for her every day. "I was in every single day, early pick ups, late finishes and the challenge for me at the time was what I was doing to my family. "It was still kind of lockdown in Dublin, they were wearing masks where we weren't and you had to have a Covid pass to get into places. "Lots of [baby] clubs and things were shut down, it was very... a kind of isolated time for my husband and that guilt was just hard and suffocating for me at the very beginning. "But he's a trooper and he pushed through." Although the actress was "exhausted beyond belief", she said Witness Number 3 was one of "the easiest jobs" she has ever done. She said: "I think because I stopped worrying about what it was to be a good actor, to look my best. "Because I had bigger problems to worry about, my family, it completely put me in a different headspace. "So I think because of the situation I was in, those problems, it meant the job for me was one of the easiest. "I didn't have time to learn lines so I would learn them on the day. DON'T MISS... How many episodes are in Witness Number 3? [EXPLAINER] Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UN [DISCUSSION] "But it became more fluid, it became less rigid, less me just being stuck in a pattern. "So hopefully that will show through the acting, that I was at ease more because there was so much going on in my personal life." The star was asked whether she considered herself to be as brave as her character Jodie. Although she said she was not as bold as she used to be, she wanted her daughter to grow up wanting to help others. She said: "I can't imagine if my kid said to me she thought I was someone who just backed away from situations and give up on helping others. "I want her to grow up to be the kind of person who will always help. "I want her to be a warm-hearted and strong woman and so, yeah, I guess imagining that scenario in my own world I understand Jodie's journey more." Witness Number 3 is a tense, suffocating and voyeuristic psychological thriller that forces the audience to question how far they would go to do the right thing, and at what cost.  Witness Number 3 returns on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm.