Although there’s no right or wrong answer, being prepared can help Britons enjoy their retirement to the full. Express.co.uk spoke to Tamsin Caine from Smart Financial Planning to find out how people can make sure they get their retirement planning right. The full new state pension is worth £9,627 which is just short of the £10,200 a year the Pension and Lifetime Savings Association (PLSA) states is needed to achieve the “minimum living standard”. To enjoy any luxuries in retirement they’ll need to have at least double this, according to the PLSA calculations. Tamsin told Express.co.uk the time to start putting money towards a pension pot is right now. The pension expert said the best time to start planning for one’s pension is the very first day of work, but if people have left it a bit later they can make larger contributions. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rate on savings to 2.75% offer - 'Excellent' Tamsin said: “You can contribute up to 100 percent of your annual salary or up to £40,000, whichever is lower, each year. “Over the long term, well-diversified investments generally perform better than cash and also beat inflation. “The earlier you begin to invest, the more benefit compounding will have. “As many wise people have said, the best time to start saving into a pension is when you start work. The next best time is now!" DON'T MISS:State pension rise slammed: 'Protection of pensioners is crazy' [UPDATE]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING] According to the Office for National Statistics, the average salary for full-time workers in the UK is £38,131. The good news is it’s possible to save one million for retirement on an average wage if people start early enough. Tamsin explains: “If you are able to save 10 percent into a pension (five percent personal contributions and five percent employer contributions, so £317.76 per month) and your investments grow at five per annum, in 10 years you would have £49,548. “In 20 years, you would have £131,154.” READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account In 40 years of saving like this, someone would have £758,422. Tamsin adds: “If we assume that the income increases with inflation of three percent (I know it’s much higher at the moment), this amount becomes £167,837. “Increasing the contributions to 15 percent (10 percent from the individual and five percent from the employer), you would have £1,137,639. Tamsin has some great tips for saving into a pension including considering salary sacrifice and considering asking for financial advice. Tamsin's top tips for saving into a pension: 