Stefanos Tsitsipas and Nick Kyrgios go head-to-head in a hotly-anticipated Wimbledon showdown this evening and the pair share an odd relationship. The tennis duo didn't appear to get along a few years ago with Kyrgios mocking his opponent for today for 'sitting in his room playing video games'. The relationship appears to be on better terms now though following their recent match at the Halle Open. Kyrgios came out on top on that occasion and the Aussie holds a better head-to-head record, winning three of their four matches. The 27-year-old praised Tsitsipas after the match, but the tie still provided fireworks on the court with Kyrgios lashing out at times. He sat down and refused to play during the match after receiving a code violation, demanding to speak with a supervisor. But Tsitsipas doesn't mind Kyrgios' wild antics on the court and speaking back in January even shared that he often gets a FaceTime from his rival in the early hours of the morning. “Nick, he is the black sheep of the ATP," Tsitsipas said earlier this year. JUST IN: Katie Boulter's Wimbledon dream crushed as Brit losses to Tan  "He likes to do unpredictable stuff. He likes attention, let’s not refute that. And that’s totally normal. There is nothing wrong with that. “He has his own personality, which turns out, some people love it. A lot of people hate it and don’t understand it. But there are some people that are so into it. "I think it’s totally fine and our sport needs that. It’s entertainment. It’s fun. It’s something unique and special that not many players have. I wouldn’t say we share a very close friendship but he does FaceTime me from time to time, at complete random times. Sometimes 1am. I don’t get it.” DON'T MISS  The recent match at Halle was the only time the pair have faced each other on grass before. Tsitsipas accepts his opponent is more experienced on grass, but will be hoping to block out the noise in his bid to reach the second week of Wimbledon. "Nick has more matches on me in these courts," he said. "He claims to like grass. I think his game is good for the grass. "I am definitely thrilled to be facing him. I respect him a lot, on the court, what he's trying to do. Although he has been a little controversial in the past, I think he's playing good tennis. "I'm going to try and concentrate on doing my thing and pay attention to my own game from start to finish. Hopefully I can stay there and do something great, have a great competitive match against him."