Omar Badran has been stuck with someone else's car on his driveway since December 2021 after initially agreeing to the arrangement. Omar, who lives on Underhill Road in Stoke, Plymouth, allowed the stranger to park on his driveway as he was not using it himself. Now he is now struggling to remove the car from his property, reports Plymouth Live. According to Omar, the person the car belongs to has refused to collect their vehicle. Omar says he initially agreed for the owner of the car to use his driveway, as long as he was able to have use of it when needed. When Omar got in touch with the man and asked him to remove the vehicle, the stranger would not comply. "I agreed on the condition that when I wanted to use my driveaway again, I would be able to," Omar said. He has tried to get in touch with the owner of the car on his driveway, but has had no luck. Omar says he has since explored legal avenues but was shocked as it is considered legally a "grey area". "I was shocked by my initial search, it’s legally a grey area and you might not be able to get the council, police or the DVLA to do anything about it, even though the vehicle is uninsured, isn’t taxed and has no MOT. "I phoned up all these places and they said they couldn’t do anything." However, after several weeks of stress, Omar says he has found a solution under the Tort Law Act. He said: "I found that under the Torts Act there is a way to deal with it. "It took me several weeks and lot of stress, I thought I was going to be stuck with a really bad situation that would involve thousands of pounds spent in a civil court." Omar added a sign, which was placed against the windscreen of the car on his driveway. It reads: "Under the Torts Act, this vehicle will be disposed of in one week from 27/06/22 if the owner does not collect it." After discussion with several legal professionals, Omar has been further instructed that he should contact the owner of the vehicle in writing and allow for a reasonable time to pass before disposing of it. Omar said: "I have been told by a solicitor that I should contact the person in writing. "I have been told to fill in a V888 form which will allow me to have access to the person's address and then I can write to them and quote the Tort Law Act. "There isn’t a specified time in the act but it just specifies that the time give for the individual to respond should be ‘reasonable,’ so I’ve decided to give him two weeks once I get the address from the DVLA. "This entire thing has made be really miserable and so many people have told me I’m stupid for having allowed him to park on my driveway but I was just trying to do a nice thing." 