Greater Manchester Police revealed two people are in a serious condition in an incident in which at least four people were reportedly hit by a bus. In a statement, the force said: "We're currently in attendance at Piccadilly Gardens after being called to a report of a road traffic collision involving a bus and pedestrians just before 9.30pm tonight. "Emergency services are in attendance and two pedestrians are currently being treated at the scene. "Motorists and those nearby are asked to avoid the area whilst officers and emergency responders remain at the scene." A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire & Rescue Service added: "Fire crews from Manchester Central and Moss Side fire stations, as well as the Technical Response Unit from Ashton, used specialist rescue equipment to help extricate a casualty who was then conveyed to hospital via our colleagues at North West Ambulance Service. "GMFRS were at the scene for just over an hour." JUST IN: Police launch probe over woman who urinated on bus and caused £700 of damage The incident has caused disruption in England's third-largest city. Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) announced late last night measures which have been taken to shut off the Piccadilly area. These include a road closure between Oldham Street and Lever Street and local buses on diversion. According to TfGM's Twitter account, the road will remain closed until further notice. Hundreds of onlookers watched on as ambulances rushed to the scene. One eyewitness told Manchester Evening News: "It was awful." He added: "It came round the corner and smashed straight into the bus shelter and then I heard screams." A second eyewitness said: "Unsure as to what caused it but the bus has launched forward and mounted the pavement, crushing the glass and plastic bus stop and damaging the front." DON'T MISS:Prince George hugs dad William before telling him he's too hot [PICTURES]Adding salt to food 'increases risk of dying early' [INSIGHT]'Like a dog with an itch' Johnny Depp appears to blast Amber Heard [COMMENT] A third claimed: "A lady was underneath the bus, and a pole from the bus stop, which myself and other bystanders have lifted off of the lady. "I called the paramedics and gave a witness account to the police on their arrival of what happened. "There was a crunch of the plastic from the bus stop, and then screaming."