Sky Atlantic will be airing its new horror-comedy series The Baby this evening (July 8). The show taps into the millennial anxieties of having children. The Baby follows a thirty-something woman who finds herself in possession of an angelic-looking infant after a series of sinister events.  However, things get even more disturbing as the baby leaves a bloody trail in its wake and the bodies pile up. Moreover, the child seeks to cling on to its new mother and will stop at nothing to remain - despite her best attempts to get rid of this strange being. The HBO and Sky co-production has been created by Lucy Gaymer and Siân Robins-Grace, offering a new take on motherhood and feminism. Gaymer and Robins-Grace previously told Deadline: “With The Baby, we want to explore the powerful anxiety around the question of whether or not to have children. “The ambivalence of not knowing, the bafflement at everyone else’s certainty and the suspicion that the whole thing is one millennia-long scam.” Natasha - Michelle de Swarte Taking on the lead as Natasha, who ends up with a babe in arms, is rising star Michelle de Swarte. The Baby marks de Swarte's biggest role to date after she appeared in Katherine Ryan's Netflix series The Duchess. Mrs. Eaves - Amira Ghazalla Amira Ghazalla portrays the kooky Mrs. Eaves, a 70-year-old has been living out of her car for the past 50 years and seems to know where the baby is at all times. Ghazalla is known for her work in The Rhythm Section, Sense8, Amazon Prime Video's Carnival Row and ITV drama Hatton Garden. She has also starred in Game of Thrones, Vera, 4 Blocks, Skam Germany, and The Last Post. Bobbi - Amber Grappy Taking on the role of children's magician and Natasha's younger sister Bobbi is actress Amber Grappy. Bobbi is desperate to have a child of her own. Along with starring in The Baby, Grappy has also featured in the BBC series Wrecked. Lydia - Sophie Reid Relative newcomer Sophie Reid plays Lydia who is drawn into the mystery involving the baby. Reid’s previous parts include Game of Thrones, Doc Martin, Beauty and the Beast, Justine, and Barracuda. Barbara - Sinéad Cusack Veteran star Sinéad Cusack is Barbara, who will have a part to play in the mysterious goings-on. Cusack’s career spans from the 1960s and includes roles in V for Vendetta, Eastern Promise, Stealing Beauty, and Wrath of the Titans. Most recently, she’s appeared in Marcella, The Deep, Jekyll and Hyde, and MotherFatherSon. Nour - Seyan Sarvan Up-and-coming actress Seyan Sarvan plays Nour in the show after parts in Channel 4’s It’s A Sin, Spin State, 51 States, and Superman series Kypton. Helen - Tanya Reynolds Tanya Reynolds takes on the part of Helen, another mother, who appears to be mysteriously connected to the baby. Reynolds will be most familiar to audiences from her roles in Sex Education as Lily, children’s series Dodger, Sky’s Delicious and Outlander. Sam - Genesis Lynea Singer, actress and dancer Genesis Lynea plays Sam and has appeared most recently in Silent Witness after starring in A Discovery of Witches, Casualty, and 4O’Clock Club. Other cast members include Karl Davies, Isy Suttie, Shvorne Marks, Divian Ladwa, Angela Yeoh, Beau Gadsdon, and Patrice Naiambana. The Baby airs on Sky Atlantic tonight at 9pm and will be streaming on NOW