Coronation Street fans were keen to find out more about Fiz Stape's (played by Jennie McAlpine) new love interest, Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) on the ITV soap. He joined Corrie in 2021 as a recurring character and has been at the centre of some scandalous storylines recently. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV star, including his age. Jamie Kenna is a British actor, but he has not always been in the world of showbiz. He started off his career as a semi-professional footballer for Rusthall FC. When it comes to his TV credits, he has appeared in Stormbreaker, Green Street, EastEnders and The Bill. He also has a number of theatre and film credits, as an up-and-coming actor. Soap fans are keen to find out more about the star's life away from the drama. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas The actor, who lives in Brighton, is 48 years old. Although his official age has not been confirmed, this time last year, 2021, he was 47. Not much is known about how old his Corrie character Phill is supposed to be. When it comes to the star's personal life, he is married to actress and singer Claire Marlowe. She is known for starring in the film A Confident Man. The pair met whilst working on a play together and they have two young children together. The star is on Instagram and he provides plenty of insight into his life off-screen. He shared a video of himself playing the guitar, revealing one of his other talents. Fans also adored a video of his pug puppy playing in the garden. He has shared some behind-the-scenes photos of himself with his Coronation Street co-stars. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil shut down by Jacob Rees-Mogg in probe over Tory leader [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Phill murders Fiz after crushing rejection [THEORY]Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist [INTERVIEW] Next to a photo of himself with his on-screen love interest, he said: "Covered in paint & working with legends that’s @coronationstreet. "Jennie McAlpine was looking for her autograph book and Peter was doing his best catalogue pose!!" [Sic] His character Phill was a customer at Gary Windass' (Mikey North) furniture store. He overheard Fiz arguing with her ex-partner Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) and started flirting with her. More recently, the pair tied the knot but the first few days of their marriage have not been easy. Phill's ex-wife Camilla Whittaker (Lousie Marwood) came back on the scene and he was accused of cheating. Fiz ended up calling off the marriage and returned back to Tyrone. Viewers think there is something Phill is keeping close to his chest after Camilla returned. They believe Phill and Camilla are still married and have been trying to scam Fiz. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.