It was widely predicted that Mr Tugendhat might not make the cut, but with his acclaimed military and oratory skills we’ll certainly hear from him again. As things became more fractious at the weekend, there came plentiful sniping and “blue on blue” attacks. In particular, frontrunner Mr Sunak and the current third contender Ms Truss launched pointed attacks on each other on Sunday night’s live debate, with the former chancellor accusing Ms Truss of peddling “something-for-nothing” economics, while she said he had ruined growth by raising taxes to their highest level in 70 years. Fortunately, by yesterday they appeared to have buried the hatchet. Both pulled out of a TV debate and appealed to rivals to avoid division, noting that long-term Tory unity was at stake, and their differences made the party appear divided in the face of huge challenges. As Mr Sunak told the Daily Express: “The country faces one of the most challenging economic headwinds for decades”, while Ms Truss told us: “The Conservative Party is at its best when we work together.” This is important and welcome. Rampant inflation, the cost-of-living crisis and the problems emanating from Russia’s war on Ukraine demand stable government. Whatever the candidates’ differences, they should be abandoned in favour of a unified party. Whatever happens later this week, united Conservatives need to be in place, for all of our sakes.  As we head into a day that could hit 109F (43C), the heat – and our reaction to it – has drawn much comment. Are we overreacting? Should we stop worrying and learn to love the sunshine – or is this a harbinger of dreadful doom? There are many interpretations. But while we can enjoy the heat in moderation, let’s not pretend there isn’t something deeper going on. Forecasters warn such heatwaves could be a regular event by the end of the century, and we should potentially expect them once every three years. Indeed, there has been a shift in the way we think about heatwaves. While some headed off to Britain’s beaches, many more experienced listlessness and frailty. Schools were closed, airport runways melted and hospital appointments were rescheduled. Taking the scientists’ cue, we need to up our game when it comes to keeping the economy going in heatwaves such as this. It will involve rethinking transport infrastructure, the workplace and the design of buildings, as we decarbonise and ameliorate climate change. It is time, to use the old phrase, to adapt and survive. 