Express.co.uk spoke to experts about which foods the Duchess of Cornwall likely eats to stay slender, as well as what exercises she does. Camilla has always taken care of her health, making sure that she has enough strength and energy to carry out her royal engagements. Nataly Komova, a nutrition and fitness expert, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s likely healthy lifestyle. She suggested that one of the ways the Duchess stays trim is by following a “balanced diet”. This may include traditional foods such as roast chicken, baked salmon, steak, and even shepherd’s pie. These meals would be accompanied by plenty of vegetables, Nataly claimed, saying: “I think she also fills her diet with fresh produce, including fruits and vegetables.” READ MORE: Alison Hammond weight loss: ITV star ditched one carb from her diet Camilla grows her own vegetables too, with Prince Charles, in their garden at Clarence House. According to Nataly, Camilla and Charles are likely to eat organic products – back in 1990, Charles even set up his own organic food company, called Duchy Organics. Exercise is just as important as diet, and Camilla makes sure to do it often, enjoying simple and fun work outs such as walking. The Duchess has dogs and horses, which can be great companions for exercise. DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Walking is a great workout which is both easy and accessible. According to Healthline, walking even just an hour a day may aid weight loss and provide great health benefits. The experts at Healthline added that walking a mile can burn approximately 100 calories, depending on a person’s sex and weight. One study measured the number of calories people of average fitness level burned after walking at a brisk pace of 3.2 miles per hour or running at a pace of six mph for about a mile. Results showed that those who walked at a brisk pace burned an average of 90 calories per mile. Express.co.uk also spoke to Sarah Campus, personal trainer, nutrition coach, and founder of LDN Mums Fitness, who revealed more about Camilla’s exercise regime. She said: “Camilla particularly enjoys yoga and Pilates to keep her core strong and body supple and to help avoid back pain. “She incorporates deep breathing into her exercises to help her unwind and relax. Camilla is also a big fan of the outdoors, so thrives on walking with her dogs around her estate, and spending time in the hills. “The fresh air and outdoors particularly contribute to improved sleep quality, overall wellbeing and boosting the endorphins.” Sarah added that as well as hearty meals with vegetables, Camilla could enjoy a light, Mediterranean diet. She explained: “Camilla aims to include as many good fats as possible from sources such as avocados, fish and almonds, all of which again contribute to her glowing complexion.” These ingredients form part of “one of the healthiest diets on the planet”, according to nutrition expert Dr Michael Mosley. As for snacks, Camilla prefers to eat “raw peas straight from the pod, but also will happily accept something sweet”.