Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has two positions in mind for Christian Eriksen, according to reports. The Denmark international has joined on a free transfer from Brentford. And hopes are high he can be a big asset at Old Trafford. Manchester United confirmed the signing of Eriksen on Thursday, releasing a statement that read: “Manchester United is pleased to confirm that Christian Eriksen has joined the club, signing a contract until June 2025. “The midfielder has been capped 115 times for Denmark, scoring 38 goals for his country. “Eriksen has played 237 games in the Premier League, registering 52 goals and 71 assists.” And, now, Goal claim Ten Hag has two roles for the playmaker in mind. He feels Eriksen can play as a double 10, meaning he could be deployed alongside Bruno Fernandes. The Portugal international signed a new contract at the club earlier in the year and, despite struggling last term, is central to his new manager’s plans. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Fernandes and Eriksen could strike up a rapport similar to the one David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne had at Manchester City. And it’s claimed United also think their new recruit can play as a sole No 10, too. He often occupied that position during his time at Tottenham, establishing himself as one of the best playmakers in the Premier League during his time in the capital. If United do want to play Eriksen at No 10, then it’s feasible Fernandes will be moved deeper back. He sometimes played as a No 8 during his time at Sporting Lisbon - and his grit and guile could come in handy when it comes to winning back possession. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong The report adds that Eriksen’s move to United has been years in the making, too. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wanted the playmaker back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when it became clear the Denmark international wanted to leave Tottenham. But United had to settle for other targets with Eriksen eventually moving to Inter Milan a few months down the line. Despite Eriksen’s arrival, and their desire to land Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, United won’t be moving anyone on. So that means fans will have to accept Scott McTominay and Fred, with the duo divisive figures at the club. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Eriksen, meanwhile, explained his decision to join United by saying: “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. “I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. “It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. “I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And United chief John Murtough said: “Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career. “It is no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him. “In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we are looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.” Eriksen had also been eyed by Brentford, Leicester and Everton. But United have now won the race for the 30-year-old instead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here