The two Presidents discussed several topics of interest including the effects of the war in Ukraine, a news report stated. Mr Iohannis also congratulated President Sandu on Moldova's major step toward joining the European Union (namely obtaining the EU candidate status) and once again reiterated Romania's support in this journey.  Maia Sandu thanked Romania for supporting Moldova in its European endeavour. She said that European integration would mean “the consolidation of a society guided by the rule of law and respect for the rights of all people, joining the richest and most prosperous market, investments and new opportunities for citizens”. Ms Sandu said: “Romania's support is all the more precious as it comes when we expect it the most. For more than five months, we have been living with the horrors of war by our side. “Russia's war against Ukraine has thrown our region into uncertainty. Moldova is, after Ukraine, the country most affected by the war.”  In a joint statement, the Romanian President said: “We had consistent, applied discussions, focusing on many topics of bilateral interest. “And as it should be, taking into account the deep, lasting and sincere ties between Romania and the Republic of Moldova, we coordinate closely and together identify the best solutions and ways forward.” Romania's leader Iohannis said the Iasi-Ungheni-Chisinau gas pipeline is an essential element in the energy security architecture of the Republic of Moldova. He said: “We know that Chisinau's road ahead, on the path to European integration, is not an easy one.  READ MORE: Mum who couldn't get GP appointment given devastating diagnosis “Completing these stages will, however, lead to the consolidation of the rule of law and to a modern, prosperous society based on European democratic values.” At the end of her statement, Maia Sandu said: "Romania has been by Moldova's side over the years, through thick and thin. “I trust that the Moldovan-Romanian partnership will help us overcome the difficulties caused by the war in Ukraine. “This unjust and bloody war must be stopped. Ukraine needs help to defend its people and its future.  DON'T MISS:Europe confirms its FIRST monkeypox-related death in Spain UK weather: Brits set to bask in glorious sunshine Kate and William protective of Prince George’s role as a future King “We are with the Ukrainians, we wish them victory and peace. “Humanity, care, solidarity, and mutual help win in troubled times. We thank the Romanian authorities and citizens for standing by us.” 