Rosemary Clark, 71, was left fuming after a bin lorry damage her Nissan Qashqai outside her home in Tewkesbury, Worcestershire. Mrs Clark said the collision took place when the driver of the Ubico lorry was trying to manoeuvre in her narrow street. The back of her car was badly damaged leaving her without a car for up to four weeks. The pensioner also struggled to retrieve her mobility scooter from the boot because of the extensive damage. Mrs Clark was first alerted to the crash by a neighbour. She then went outside and saw a bin man writing a note to explain what happened. READ MORE: ‘Incredibly dangerous’ fuel-saving tips drivers should avoid What added to Mrs Clark’s fury was the fact that the lorry didn’t empty her bins before driving off, according to GloucestershireLive. However, a spokesperson for Tewkesbury Council claimed that the lorry was unable to take the bins due to health and safety rules. Mrs Clark said: “At about 8.10am I had a knock at the door and my neighbour said to me there was a problem with my car. I saw the driver of the bin lorry filling out a card. "He said to me the other guys should have been guiding him back when he was reversing but they were up the road." DON'T MISS New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' drivers [INSIGHT] 'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costs [REVEAL] New speeding law will see 'new kinds of problems arise' - warning [WARNING] The pensioner added: “They drove off before the bins were emptied, too.” "I don't understand why they came down such a narrow road. “It is a very narrow entrance and the road leads up to the parish church.” Mrs Clark continued: “Needless to say I had to make a lot of phone calls that day. READ MORE: Real-life 'Fast and Furious' car meets causing havoc for locals "I am absolutely disgusted by what happened. Anyone seeing the road should know you cannot access it to collect the bins. “The men normally park on Ancell Drive and run up to collect the bins. "I do not know why they changed what they did that day because it is a road which is only for 7.5 tonne vehicles. "My scooter was stuck in the car. “It was a good job I had my stick as I say because I would be on the floor." Ubico is employed by Tewkesbury Borough Council to carry out waste collections. Tewkesbury Borough Council’s head of community services, Peter Tonge, said: “We are aware of the incident that took place in Roman Way on Monday and we are currently investigating as a matter of urgency. "Following the incident with the parked car, the crew was unable to continue with its rounds until the collection vehicle had been inspected for damage, as per their safety protocols. "A catch-up collection took place on Wednesday, July 13. Our contractors at Ubico place the utmost importance on the health and safety of both the public and their crews. "We have strict measures in place aimed at preventing such incidents, and work hard to ensure these procedures are followed at all times.”