New measures will mean that people over 75 on Pension Credit will no longer have to fill in paperwork to get the free licence. This will mean an easier application process for the 7,000 Britons who apply for a free licence each month. The current process requires applicants to send some documentation to the BBC to prove that they are on Pension Credit. Under the new proposal, the BBC will automatically verify with the Department for Work and Pensions if a person applying for a free TV licence is on Pension Credit. Free TV licences for people over 75 were scrapped by the BBC in 2002, but those on Pension Credit support are still eligible. Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Secretary, Nadine Dorries, said: “The BBC’s disappointing decision to stop providing free TV licences for all over-75s has left low income pensioners who remain eligible jumping through administrative hoops to avoid paying the charge. READ MORE: State pension payments could stop for thousands in months - act now “The changes mean those receiving Pension Credit will get the savings with minimum fuss, ensuring more people get the support they are entitled to as we tackle the cost of living and grow the economy.” The new application process is set to come into effect next year, with the Television Licences Act 2020 to be amended to reflect the changes. Pension Credit is a benefit which tops up the income of those on the state pension. Pensions minister Guy Opperman said: “We want everyone to claim the benefits to which they are entitled, including Pension Credit which acts as a gateway for other benefits such as the free TV licence. DON'T MISS:Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list [REVEAL]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [GUIDE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [INSIGHT] “This change will help reduce the administrative burden on over-75s and put their minds at ease." Anyone who thinks that they are eligible for a free TV licence but does not have one can call 0300 790 6117. A person can then speak through the process with an advisor and request an application form. The lines are open between 8.30am and 6.30pm, from Monday to Friday. READ MORE: State Pension fail - if you make this mistake you will get NOTHING when you turn 66  To qualify for Pension Credit, a person must live in England, Scotland and Wales and have reached state pension age. The benefit tops up a person’s weekly income to £182.60 if they are single, or to a joint amount of £278.70 if they have a partner. People on higher incomes may still be able to claim the support if they have a disability or are a carer. A person’s income includes their state pension, other pensions, earnings from employment and self-employment. Social security benefits, such as Carer’s Allowance, will also be considered as part of an individual’s income Claiming Pension Credit may also entitle someone to other Government support. This includes Housing Benefit if a person rents the property they live in and Support for Mortgage Interest if they own their home. Claimants may also get a Council Tax discount and help with medical care, such as NHS dental treatment, glasses and transport costs for hospital appointments. Help with heating costs may also be available through the Warm Home Discount Scheme and a discount on the Royal Mail redirection service for those moving home.