PC Rasvinder Agalliu, 45, is also a personal trainer who tells YouTube viewers how to "create the perfect booty" and was this year crowned Miss Enfield in the UK's National Miss pageant competition classic category. She is currently suspended from the force, where she was based at the central west borough command unit after signing up 19 years ago. It was after a number of items were seized from her home in June 2020 and cannabis plants were allegedly found growing at a former address of hers in October the same year. She faces a professional misconduct hearing in central London from October 31 to November 1. A public notice published by the force states: "PC Rasvinder Agalliu will answer allegations that her conduct amounted to breaches of the standards of professional behaviour in respect of: Honesty and integrity, discreditable conduct, duties and responsibilities, orders and instructions." The notice said that on June 25 2020 police officers executed a search warrant at her home address. It added: "A number of items were seized including class A drugs, drugs paraphernalia, a large quantity of cash and a Metropolitan Police radio." On October 25 2020 police officers executed another search warrant at a former address of hers, where items allegedly seized included "body armour belonging to PC Agalliu, a set of handcuffs, a set of plain epaulettes, a set of case papers and interview discs relating to the investigation of an offence by PC Agalliu which concluded in December 2019 and a large number of cannabis plants under cultivation." The notice said: "The conduct taken together or separately is alleged to amount to gross misconduct as it is so serious as to justify dismissal."   Mrs Agalliu, a married mum of three, has been suspended since the first search happened. In a YouTube video aimed at training the "glutes" uploaded a year ago, she said: "Today I want to talk to you about how to get the Kim K ass and the Jennifer Lopez ass. That's what motivates me when I am working out. "So when I'm off in the park or in my outdoor space exercising every single day I have a vision of how I want my booty to look." She also said she was a police officer in the video.  She has been approached for comment about the misconduct proceedings and replied on social media that she thought it was "unfair.".Shortly after the first search in June 2020, she suggested it was racially-motivated.She said at the time to Express.co.uk: "As far as I'm concerned it's racist. I have (been in) the Met police for 17 years of service and this is how we as a family, who have tried our best get treated. I have had no support from the police. They left me vulnerable. I want Justice."