According to Andrew Neil, the bloc is facing crises from Russia that the UK is not, such as Putin’s threats to cut off gas to the bloc. During recent weeks, Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the EU Commission, has urged those in the EU to begin conserving energy to “provide a safety net for all EU countries”. According Mr Neil, who wrote in the Daily Mail about the EU’s struggles, Remainers “have a point” about the “sad state of Brexit Britain”, but that if they “cast an honest eye across the Channel to their beloved European Union, they’d soon realise it is in an even worse state than we are.” On Wednesday von der Leyen tweeted: “Russia is using gas as a weapon. We have to address our energy security at EU level. “We learnt from the pandemic that if we act in unity, we can address any crisis.“So, let’s act together to reduce gas use and provide a safety net for all EU countries.” Aside from the threat that Putin poses for the EU and the rest of the West, the bloc is also facing a catastrophic economic crisis as Eurozone inflation skyrockets to an average of 8.6 percent. In Estonia inflation is as high as 20 percent, in Greece 12 percent and in Spain 10 percent while the UK is currently at 9.4 percent with warnings of it entering double digits over the coming months. Mr Neil warned that while the UK is now more separated from the bloc, we will be largely impacted by crises in the EU. READ MORE:Voters back Liz Truss to beat Keir Starmer - NEW POLL As the EU continues to be the UK’s largest export market for goods and services, the UK which is also facing an economic crisis will be impacted by actions on the Continent. Mr Neil stated that the EU “is now on the brink of recession and another Eurozone currency crisis looms” which is “a double whammy” due to Putin’s added energy threats. Russia has felt the benefits of skyrocketing oil and gas prices despite sanctions as the rouble reached an eight-year high. DON'T MISS:Putin left scratching head as Russia RUNS OUT of ground missiles (INSIGHT)Orban sabotages EU plan as Lavrov welcomes Hungary chief  (REVEAL)Brexit LIVE: EU divorce bill soars to £42BN as Brussels takes revenge (LIVE) Mr Neil said: “Putin calculates he’s in a much better position to weather a fall in gas revenues than the EU is to survive the cessation of Russian gas supplies. He’s right. “It’s already clear that, when winter bites and Putin turns the screws on Europe, the EU – led by Germany, France and Italy – will press Ukraine’s President Zelensky to come to some sort of ‘accommodation’ with Russia. “It will be yet another shameful episode in modern European history.”