Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) recently lost her mother, Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) and found out her dodgy father, Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) had been killed. Little does she know her dad was murdered by her foster dad Gary (Mikey North) who killed him in an act of self-defence. Laura selflessly took the blame before her death, and a heartbroken Kelly refused to visit her on her deathbed after finding out. Official Coronation Street spoilers reveal Kelly will try to right her dad's wrongs, with horrific consequences. As she ends up locked in a cellar by one of Rick's enemies, it's possible she could be killed. Gary, already feeling guilty about everything else, could completely fall apart.  In upcoming scenes, the troubled teen will end up terrified, locked in a darkened cellar for trying to do the right thing. It comes as the headstrong Weatherfield girl decides to track down her dad's old clients to pay them back their money. She finds a wad of cash which belonged to her dad and decides she wants to make peace with the people he ripped off over the years. When Gary finds out her plans though, he explains to Kelly how dangerous it would be to go after her father's ruthless associates. Sparks fly as the pair argue and Gary warns Kelly she is on the verge of stepping into Weatherfield's criminal underworld. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' He forbids Kelly from getting involved, but she refuses to listen. After a dramatic showdown, Kelly ultimately seals her own fate by ignoring Gary’s words and meeting up with one of Rick’s old cronies, Kieron, Terrifyingly, Kelly then is kidnapped and locked in a cellar, fearful that her days are numbered. Will Kieron murder the youngster? It could be that Kelly's latest mistake will be her last. Rick's former associates are dangerous and uncaring, so they would have no issues with murdering a young woman to get revenge on her dad. It's likely Gary will notice Kelly has left and after their row, he will know exactly what she's done. Will he be able to track her down? He will definitely try to. Streetwise Gary will probably be able to work out where Kelly is eventually, but it could be that he is sent on a wild goose chase before finding her. Perhaps Gary will eventually get to her and find it's too late. Kieron might have kept Kelly in the cellar to make sure she was terrified and suffering before he killed her. If Gary arrives and finds Kelly dead, he will no doubt blame himself. He also feels immense guilt about Rick and Laura - could this final blow push him over the edge. His partner Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) worries about her partner because he always has a lot going on, and his past often catches up with him. It could be that Gary suffers a total breakdown over Kelly's death. On her character's fate, actress Millie said: "Kelly is distraught. "Every time she gets herself into these sorts of situations she feels like she has hit rock bottom, but then another situation comes around so it’s a constant cycle of awful situations for her. "Kelly is fearing for her life, she knows what her dad was capable of so she is terrified of what his enemies could do." Could she miraculously find a way out with the help of Gary? Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.