Speaking from Kew Gardens – one of the red zone expected for Tuesday – BBC meteorologist Carol Kirkwood warned of persistent hot temperatures in the coming days. Some Britons, however, will heave a sigh of relief, as some parts of the country will see spells of showers and lower temperatures. Overall though temperatures will remain high in the high 30s in the coming days with no respite from the suffocating heat for most Britons. Joining from the now cooler Key Gardens in West London to BBC viewers, Carol Kirkwood said: "At the moment in Key Gardens, temperatures are just over 17 degrees. At Heathrow, it is just over 33 degrees." She noted the highest temperature recorded by the Met Office on Monday was 38.2 degrees Celsius in Suffolk. The Met Office is still gathering information to check the veracity of the claim, she added. She said: "Met Office is still collecting data from yesterday to see what the absolute top temperature was yesterday – but it was the hottest day of the year for Wales and for Jersey. Both broke temperatures records and it’s the highest temperature ever recorded on record." Moving on to Tuesday’s weather forecast, she insisted the red weather warning is still on with extreme heat. The Met Office warned the high temperatures pose a risk to life and that Britons should take precautions. Ms Kirkwood said: "Now today the Met Office still has red weather warning for heat – extreme heat. So once again, there’s likely to impact on infrastructure and also on health. So, certainly, something to bear in mind." Stressing the importance of the Met Office warnings, she said: "These Met Office warnings are rare. Even in winter, we very rarely get them for snow for example, or for storms. So really take note of this. It’s the first one we’ve ever got for extreme heat. "But it will change though in the forecast today in the West because we’ve got some fronts coming in. And there are actually going to be bringing in some rain through the day. "But for many of us, it will be a dry day with a lot of sunshine. One or two showers are possible in the East." READ MORE: Met Office reveals exactly when thunder and lightning will hit today "We’ve got rain coming in across Western Scotland and some thundery showers moving in across Southwest England heading northwards. "Temperatures today in the West ranging from 17 to 24 degrees so not as hot as it was for you yesterday. Push further east to the 30s. Basically, about 39 in London. "But as we zoom into where we expect the highest temperatures to be today, that’s around the East Midlands, also into Yorkshire. And Lincolnshire we could expect 40C-41C – possibly even further 42C. "Now through this evening and overnight, the rain moves north clear Scotland behind it. Showers moving east across England and Wales. And there will be a little bit of cloud left in the Southwest by the end of the night." DON'T MISS:Drivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine [REPORT]When will it rain? Latest UK forecast for storms amid UK drought [MAPPED]Where exactly were apocalyptic hellfires Met Office? PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] In her weather forecast for Wednesday, BBC Weather's Ms Kirkwood said temperatures will go down but with some high temperatures in Southeast that could reach 39 degrees Celsius. She continued: "And then as we head into Thursday, there will be sunny spells so large areas of cloud but we could also see some showers and temperatures at best about 27 degrees. But it will feel more comfortable by the time we get to Thursday. "But if you are in England and also Wales, as we head into the weekend, it’s very much like temperatures are going to rise once again – not the high we’re looking at now. We’re looking closer at the 30-degree mark, which is still above average for the time of the year." READ NEXT:How to make homemade weed killer - works on ‘warm and sunny’ daysPOLL: Should schools close in the extreme heatwave?How to keep a flat cool in hot weather - 7 tips to blast away the heatIs it best to keep windows closed in hot weather?Use ‘citronella candle trick’ to repel ‘deadly’ mosquitoes from homes