Nigel Farage stated that Brexit was supposed to be a "new beginning" for Britain and Europe but has instead been derailed by repeated scandals and distractions. The former member of the European Parliament claimed it was time to find out whether the rest of the Conservative party would be dragged down with Prime Minister Boris Johnson or not. There has been political uproar from both sides of the political spectrum due to how Brexit proceedings are currently being conducted in Government as some commentators claim Brexit has failed. In a video posted on his personal Twitter, Mr Farage said: "Goodness knows how we ever get trust back in politics. "Brexit was supposed to be about a new beginning not just us outside the European Union but a new kind of politics, it is now more corrupt and worse than it's ever been and a Government shrouded in lies is a Government that needs to go." Mr Farrage added: "Now is the time to find out whether the party can be saved or whether it's going to be dragged down with Johnson and a bunch of college kids running Number 10. "If no one in that Cabinet is prepared to stand down as a matter of principle, my view is they would all automatically disqualify themselves from being fit and proper to be the next leader as and when that happens.  JUST IN: Ukraine fatalities in full: Russia war grips nation - 'Endless caravan of death'     "And it will happen at some point this year, so I would say if there's going to be any hope of decency being restored, faith being restored, trust being restored. "Honesty and decency being restored it needs one or more Cabinet ministers today, to say enough is enough we simply can't go on. "Oliver Dowden did go after the by-election a few days ago, but the truth is he was probably on the way out as party chairman anyway. "It needs somebody, someone with principle,... One of the great officers of state, otherwise their careers will end the same as Johnson's and goodness knows how we ever get trust back in politics." READ MORE: Ukraine taunts Putin in NATO warning after US steps in – no fly zone set to scupper Russia     Mr Farage is not the only political commentator upset with Brexit proceedings, as many MPs have slammed delays in securing trade deals to establish the UK's independent position. Some MPs from the opposition Labour party have been calling for Mr Johnson's resignation due to a number of reasons involving scandal and the ripping up of parts of the Northern Ireland protocol. The Prime Minister's own party members have also slammed Mr Johnson and called the Government out on what they claim are lies. The former deputy leader of the Conservative Party, Lord Heseltine has been giving his reasons as to why the Government have been failing people in the UK. DON’T MISS: Elon Musk 'SPAT ON' by Russian engineer after furious bust-up: 'Tired of listening to him'[INSIGHT]'Total mess' as BA cancels 105,000 passengers' flights as airport chaos continues [REVEAL]Farmers suffer labour shortages and food waste as workers struggle with new Brexit visas [SPOTLIGHT] Lord Heseltine told Sky News: “There is no doubt at all that the buck stops here and [Boris] is the man that got Brexit done, actually he got the British people done as a consequence of Brexit. “There is no way that Boris is actually going to change his stance on Brexit so we’re just heading for more and more trouble. “More and more conflict. More and more difficulties in Ireland, in Scotland, and in Britain’s standing in the world. “So, there is no doubt at all that Boris is associated with that major issue. But I’m afraid what’s even more toxic, and associated with it, are the lies. “The lies that persuaded people to vote for Brexit. The lies about Partygate.  All these things are now associated with the name of the Prime Minister. “So, I don’t think, either of his own volition or in any other way, he is going to change.”  READ NEXT Police officer faces misconduct hearing after 'leg-sweeping' handcuffed womanUK weather: Brits set for 27C summer scorcher amid concerns of a hose pipe banChicago shooting: Police name Bobby Crimo III as ‘person of interest’ in July 4 attack'Sporty' Putin ‘loves his body’: Inside Russian tyrant’s bizarre personalityWarring Tories urged to focus wrath on Brexit EU red tape NOT Boris to win election   