Lady Louise Windsor is slowly coming into her own as an adult royal. As the elder child, and only daughter, of Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, questions have arisen as to whether the 18-year-old will begin take a more prominent role within the Royal Family, although it seems that she could be heading for more of a "private life". Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer dicussed the young royal and her future within The Firm. Host Pandora Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: "Do you think she's another case of Prince George, sort of, slowing coming up into the royal spotlight, as it were". Mr Palmer replied: "I think there's a few things to say about her. "I think she's bringing a lot of applause on social media because of her, sort of, elegant look." He added: "I have been wrong about things before, I [could] be wrong again but I would be really surprised if she ever untook any official engagements.  READ MORE: 'Skeletons in the closet' Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week "I think, you know, she is destined for a private life, a career doing something, and she may well get involved in charities in the same way that Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie have. "I don't see any chance of her becoming an official royal because it's heading the other [way]." The royal correspondent also noted that he has met the young royal "once or twice", adding that "she's lovely". "She really blossoming into a lovely young woman. "[She is] really bright". READ MORE: Sorry Ma'am! Queen cracks up as visit derailed by rogue ringing phone - VIDEO Mr Palmer also stated that he had spoke to someone senior in the palace regarding the nation finding out Lady Louise's A-Level results, just like Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. He said that they replied, "If its anything to do with me, you won't be told anything at all". Lady Louise joined her parent and younger brother, James, Viscount Severn at the Service of Thanksgiving during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. Her arrival at St Paul's sparked a frenzy among royal fans, who were stunned by the 18-year-old's poise and "demure". DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power' [VIDEO]Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL] On Twitter, one user, Deb Burnett-Smith, wrote in response to another tweet focused on the Duchess of Cambridge: "As did Sophie and the lovely demure Lady Louise, both so humble and adorable." In May, the Queen proudly watched on as her granddaughter take part in carriage driving at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. Carriage driving was a mutual interest of her late grandfather, and the Queen's husband, Prince Philip, who sadly passed away in April 2021. READ NEXT: