Coleen Rooney has addressed her legal victory over Rebekah Vardy after a judge found that the wife of Jamie Vardy did leak private social media stories of Coleen's to the press. Addressing the verdict which was handed down remotely earlier today, the wife of Wayne Rooney told how she was "pleased" with the ruling of the defamation trial, which she said proved "she was right". Rebekah has lost her High Court level battle she brought against Coleen Rooney over a viral social media post. Judge Mrs Justice Steyn ruled it was "likely" that Mrs Vardy's agent at the time, Caroline Watt, "undertook the direct act" of passing the information to The Sun, which led to the infamous social media sting which saw Coleen out Rebekah for leaking false stories about her. Coleen has now issued a statement following the verdict, insisting the "stressful" case was not one she had "sought" out. It read: "Naturally, I am pleased that the judge has found in my favour with her judgment today. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts bottom on full show in racy starfish bikini  "It was not a case I ever sought or wanted. "I never believed it should have gone to court at such expense in times of hardship for so many people when the money could have been far better spent helping others," she added. Coleen continued: "Both before and after my social media posts in October 2019, I made every effort to avoid the need for such a drawn out and public court case. "All my attempts to do so were knocked back by Mrs (Rebekah) Vardy.  "This left me with no alternative but to go through with the case to defend myself and to end the repeated leaking of my private information to The Sun." The star went on: "These leaks from my private Instagram account began in 2017. "They continued for almost two years, intruding on my privacy and that of my family. "Although I bear Mrs Vardy no ill-will, today's judgment makes clear that I was right in what I said in my posts of October 2019. DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty, 64, looks glamorous as she dons figure-hugging dress [INSIGHT]Monty Don pays tribute to wife Sarah amid 39th wedding anniversary [ANALYSIS]Gary Oldman, 64, puts on loved-up display with wife Gisele Schmidt [UPDATE] "Finally, I would like to thank all of my legal team, my family, friends and everyone who supported me, including the public, through this difficult and stressful time," the statement ended. Rebekah Vardy has yet to issue a statement on the ruling. In 2019, Coleen, who is the wife of former England footballer Wayne Rooney, made claims that stories about her had been leaked from Rebekah’s Instagram account. Rebekah, who is the wife of footballing pro Jamie Vardy, insisted that such claims were defamatory, taking her to court.  The judgement in Vardy v Rooney was handed down by Mrs Justice Steyn today. The hand down took place remotely, with nothing physically happening in court. Mrs Justice Steyn has found that Rebekah Vardy's evidence in the trial was "manifestly inconsistent" with other evidence on "many occasions".