Beyond Paradise, a Death in Paradise spin-off set away from the beautiful island of Saint Marie, has been announced by the BBC. The comedy-drama is going to catch up with DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall), seeing what his life now looks like back in the UK. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Beyond Paradise so far. Death in Paradise has been airing head-scratching investigations in Guadeloupe for more than a decade, welcoming an abundance of guest stars every episode. During this time, there have been four detectives leading the way, including actor Kris Marshall as DI Humphrey Goodman. He took on the mantle from the original detective DI Richard Poole (Ben Miller) at the start of season three when he himself was murdered. Many consider Humphrey to be the fans' all-time favourite detective in the drama so it was very welcomed news to hear of Marshall's return to the awkward yet endearing character. READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage Death in Paradise's spin-off Beyond Paradise is going to consist of six episodes in total. As of yet, there has been no talk of a potential release date for the new series. Filming is due to begin on location in the UK later this year but no clues have been given on where exactly the drama will be set. The only indication so far has been that it will take place in the countryside, somewhere that's "idyll of rural Britain". Leading the cast will be former Death in Paradise star Kris Marshall as DI Humphrey Goodman. Talking about returning to the character, he said: "I had the best time playing Humphrey out in Guadeloupe and whilst I was delighted that he got his happy ending with Martha, I always wanted to know what happened next. "So it’s a joy to be putting his crumpled jacket back on and seeing how life has panned out for him back in the UK. "Working with Sally is a dream, and I can’t wait to continue Humphrey and Martha’s story and solve a few seemingly impossible mysteries along the way." DON'T MISS...BBC viewer ‘totally dismayed' over end of impartiality [REACTION]Who will star in the Death in Paradise spin-off? [CAST]Ralf Little admits feeling ‘obscenely jealous’ of fiancée’s success [EXPLAINER] Joining Marshall will be Not Going Out actress Sally Bretton as his Martha Lloyd, who he left Saint Marie for. He fell madly in love with the tourist during her holiday to the island and decided to return to the UK to be with her. So far, no other casting has been announced but is expected to come out "in due course". The BBC has also given viewers a taste of what Beyond Paradise will be about. The Beyond Paradise description indicates it may not just be murders the detective will investigate in the new series. It reads: "Seeking a quieter life away from the stress of the city, Humphrey has taken a job as Detective Inspector in fiancée Martha’s hometown. "However, they soon find that country life is anything but peaceful and Humphrey can’t help but be distracted by the town’s surprisingly high crime rate with a new, and very different, case challenging him each week." Beyond Paradise will be available to watch on BBC One.