I do not think that this whole selection process is doing the Tory party any good whatsoever. It says it all when in a poll taken recently many people wanted Boris Johnson to continue as Prime Minister. This is how it should have been. There is so much damage being done now and Labour leader Keir Starmer must be relishing it all.  Having watched the TV debate, the main thing that grated with me was how rude Rishi Sunak was, says Stella Palmer from Gosport, Hampshire. He really likes the sound of his own voice. I was also told to never trust someone who is always smiling. As to who came across well, to me that's debatable, but at least Liz Truss kept her cool. Watching the leadership debate on TV reinforced my choice of Liz Truss for the next PM, says Valerie Silver from Basingstoke, Hampshire. I found Rishi Sunak very unpleasant and negative to listen to. His policies will give us immediate misery which will not necessarily lead to an immediate recovery. Liz Truss's policies of spreading the debt to keep the ship steady and implementing measures to ease economic hardship, sound more encouraging to voters. I still think that Sunak's part in ousting Boris Johnson will haunt him if he wins.  Rishi Sunak and Boris Johnson's betrayal of the pensioners over the triple lock and TV licences will certainly be remembered at the next election, says Dennis Barker from Wigan, Lancashire. Many older people started work at 14 or 15-years-old, with a 48-hour week and few holidays or state benefits. They were called up for national service, endured food rationing and at one point paid mortgages with interest rates of 15 per cent. One could go on but self-pity was not on the agenda then, as it often is today. After the latest devastating setback for the parents of Archie Battersbee, their only hope now is the European Court of Human Rights, says Ashley Smith from March, Cambridgeshire. It was a terrible, callous and downright thoughtless decision for the appeal court judges not to grant an adjournment to the hearing, because of how poorly the lad's dad is. Now we are just praying for a miracle.