Emma Raducanu joined Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard on Good Morning Britain as the tennis star opened up on her US Open victory after returning home to London in September 2021. The 18-year-old admitted she was still in shock over her win but was left stunned when Kate asked her if the rumours about her being recruited for a Vogue Magazine cover were true. Kate said: “On the flight back I understand that you were on the same flight as Anna Wintour, the famous [Editor-in-Chief] of Vogue. “She there and then offered you the cover of Vogue – there must be so many moments like that which make you think, ‘Wow my life has changed.'" “I actually didn’t know Anna Wintour was on my flight, that didn’t happen,” a stunned Emma replied. “That’s the other thing you’re going to have to get used to, lots of people attributing things to you that aren’t true,” Kate noted. “It’s going to be a whirlwind of rumour and excitement but if she did want it would you do it?” Emma replied: “Well I’m not sure if it’ll happen but I’d of course do it. I’ve not heard of anything like that, to be honest.” Read more: Heartbreaking moment vet tells This Morning viewer her dog has cancer “Let’s talk about the Met Gala,” Ben said. “It’s such an extraordinary event. “It’s the first time it was back post-pandemic and one of those events on the world fashion calendar that is held up globally. “What was it like when they invited you? Did you have a dress ready prepared because you looked so stunning? That whole experience what was that like for you?” “I had no idea I was going I found out the night before,” Emma explained.  “It was obviously amazing I was so grateful to get the opportunity to go.” “It’s such a great artistic event and everything was set in place perfectly – the performances were amazing to watch live and I had an amazing time there,” she continued. “I managed to see Lewis Hamilton which was really cool because I’m a huge motorsports fan and Formula 1. It was a really cool experience overall.” “Did you get any selfies with the celebrities Emma?” Ben asked. “No my phone was in my bag the whole time I didn’t take it out once,” she replied. Emma did in fact go on to appear in the pages of British Vogue in the October 2021 issue, posing for a number of images. DON'T MISSTalkTV channel to be launched by Rupert Murdoch in threat to GB News [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield walks off This Morning after viewer confession ‘Bye' [VIDEO]Charlie Stayt blasted over Ben Wallace interview ‘Embarrassing’ [INTERVIEW] In the high-profile interview, she spoke about the moment she realised she was in the final of the US Open: “At one point mid-game, I just let my racket go because I just didn’t believe I made that shot.” Recalling starting her career in tennis, she told the publication: “The whole squad I was in was all boys. It was quite intimidating in the beginning to, you know, get out of my shell and actually begin to really enjoy what I was doing because I was so scared. I’m not sure of what.” On how tennis changed her life, Emma remarked: “I was a very shy little girl who didn’t talk much at all. “And through playing sport, and having to be bold on the court and fearless and fight, it’s given me inner strength. If you have that then you can really achieve whatever you want.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Tennis fans were hoping Emma would go on to repeat her success at Wimbledon this year. However, the current British No.1 was knocked out in the second round after taking on French player Carolina Garcia. Her 6-3, 6-3 defeat left some wondering if she should take a break from the sport however, John McEnroe insisted she could continue. He stated: “She won the US Open so she is a Grand Slam winner. To me, that should tell her and the players around her that she is one of the best players in the world. “I don’t care how old she is, how inexperienced she is, she is better than the other players. So why would she sort of pull back and start over?” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.