Wholesale gas prices are set to soar to a record-breaking high this winter. A typical UK household may even be paying as much as £500 for its energy in January alone. The eye-watering figures come following the latest forecast from BFY, a management consultancy focused on the energy sector. Energy bills have already risen to a record £1,971 a year for a typical household from April. BFY predicts that the price cap that limits most tariffs is now forecast to rise to fresh highs of £3,420 in October and £3,850 in January. This morning the wholesale price of gas rose to an all-time high of 530p per therm for the coming winter. The price rises are driven by Moscow further cutting gas supplies being sent to Germany via the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. Kremlin-backed Gazprom has now cut supplies through Nord Stream 1 to just 20 per cent of usual capacity. The company has blamed the limited supply on maintenance issues involving a turbine stuck in Germany. However, the move has been widely seen as Moscow "weaponising" gas and deliberately limiting European supplies in retaliation for western sanctions. There are even fears that Russia could cut off supplies entirely. Gemma Berwick, senior consultant at BFY, warned that “any further drops in flows will cause further price increases”.  Previously Europe had relied on Russia for roughly 40 percent of its gas supplies. EU leaders have drawn up plans to ration their gas usage this winter, while experts warn there are insufficient supplies of liquefied natural gas (LNG) available globally to entirely replace Moscow’s piped gas. Despite the UK only receiving about 4 percent of its gas from Russia, it is inextricably linked with Europe by pipelines, and is reliant on it to secure LNG cargoes. As a result, prices in the UK are closely correlated with those on the European continent. MPs on the business, energy and industrial strategy committee warned this week that the government needed to give households more cash to help them tackle soaring bills this winter. READ MORE: Ukraine warns Russia gas supply curbs are 'price terror' [INSIGHT]  An existing support package of £400 for every household and a further £650 for 8 million of the most vulnerable households was announced in May, when wholesale prices were lower and the energy regulator was forecasting bills of £2,800 in October. The possibility of gas prices soaring even higher will be terrifying news for Britons already struggling to cope with the cost of living crisis. Speaking to Express.co.uk, grandmother Nancy, 62, said she wasn't sure how she was going to afford to look after her family when winter hits. Meanwhile a 70-year-old pensioner told Express.co.uk that she was looking to go back into work as her pension rapidly depleted in the face of spiralling costs.