Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, 44, delivered a late-night address in which he revealed Western weaponry had started to cause Russian troops serious problems in the ex-Soviet state. The UK is estimated to have provided Ukraine with up to £2.3billion of military support. In a clip with the Clash's hit single 'I Fought The Law', Kyiv thanked Boris Johnson and his defence Secretary Ben Wallace for providing Ukrainian troops with the N-Law anti-tank missile. Mr Wallace also confirmed the donation of M270 multiple-launch rocket systems with M31A1 precision munitions to Ukraine on June 6. Britain has also sent short-range Brimstone 1 missiles, Mastiff armoured patrol vehicles, Malloy T150 heavy-lift drones, Starstreak missiles and the Stormer HVM air defence system. Speaking last night, Mr Zelensky said: "Finally it is felt that the Western artillery - the weapons we received from our partners - started working very powerfully. JUST IN: 'Blistering' Beijing blasted as MI5 and FBI warn China poses 'game-changing challenge' "Its accuracy is exactly as needed. "Our defenders inflict very noticeable strikes on depots and other spots that are important for the logistics of the occupiers. "And this significantly reduces the offensive potential of the Russian army. "The losses of the occupiers will only increase every week, as will the difficulty of supplying them." READ MORE: Ukraine to use deadly HIMARS to wipe out Russians Ahead of Mr Zelensky's late-night address, Russia was said to have "consolidated" control in Lysychansk and the Luhansk Oblast. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) also revealed Ukrainian resistance remained "determined". The MoD said: "Russia likely continues to consolidate its control over Lysychansk and Luhansk Oblast. "To the north, it has committed most of the remaining available units from the Eastern and Western Groups of Forces to the Izium axis. DON'T MISS Boris Johnson LIVE: Zahawi TURNS on PM and leads Cabinet revoltEuro in FREEFALL: Currency loses 10% of value against dollarWorld War 3 warning: Horror simulation of Russia nuclear war