Soap scum is a filmy layer that can cause streaks and marks on the tiles surrounding your shower and on glass shower doors. The marks appear when the ingredients in soap, shower gels and shampoo react with minerals in water and cling to surfaces. They can be particularly noticeable on shiny surfaces, especially in areas with hard water where minerals are more prevalent. When soap scum is allowed to build up and harden, it can become even more of a headache to clean. However, one Reddit user claims to have the solution, and you can get to work cleaning before you even get out of the shower. Posting to a forum dedicated to "secret cleaning hacks and tricks", the user GirlWhoWeighted revealed vinegar and dish soap are her"secret" weapons. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow She said: "I keep a spray bottle by my shower with equal parts vinegar and water then several tablespoons of dawn [dish soap]. "I just squirt in a really generous amount. "After a shower when everything's on nice and hot and soft, spray it down with that stuff wait a few minutes then soap scum pretty much just wipes right off." Distilled white vinegar is often hailed as the best option for cleaning soap scum. READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' The acidity of vinegar works to break down the soap scum. Dish soap, on the other hand, is specifically designed to cut through tough grease and food stains, and as a result, can disintegrate dirty marks and soap scum in showers. However, this solution will also need to work in tandem with a little bit of elbow grease. Make sure you scrub tough build-ups with a soft-bristle brush or use a sponge in-between deep cleans. DON'T MISSEasy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach [EXPLAINER]How to clean shower doors using baking soda [INSIGHT]Duchess of Cornwall's trick to make cut flowers last [INTERVIEW] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea