Binibèquer Vell in Sant Lluís in Menorca is a small fishing village regularly visited by tourists in summer. Earlier this week, locals and tourists woke up to find red graffiti had been written on some of the village’s walls. The graffiti message read: “Rude tourists are not welcome” and was written in bright red paint. Majorca Daily Bulletin said that the graffiti comes after some residents have complained the village has been turned into a “theme park”. Some residents feel that tourists don’t respect their lifestyles and are “rude” when they come to the fishing village. There are already signs asking for people to be quiet in the streets but some people do not respect them. READ MORE: 'Always, always pack it': Flight attendant's crucial packing tip Several residents reported the anti-tourist graffiti to the authorities but at the moment the perpetrator has not been caught. Residents have said that some tourists act disrespectfully towards the local people when they visit the village. However, some residents said they disagreed with the graffiti and said that locals could be just as rude. One person said: “I have come across a number of poorly-educated men and women, who were not tourists. “And on the contrary, I have had contact with tourists and visitors who are charming, polite, kind, friendly and cordial.” Binibèquer Vell has narrow streets and whitewashed houses and is located in a beautiful cove. The village is a popular tourist destination with many visitors exploring it during the summer months. Menorca is generally quieter and less touristy than the other Balearic islands of Majorca and Ibiza. READ MORE: Dubai holidays: The hidden side of Dubai This summer is the first peak season since the pandemic and many tourists are expected to travel for a holiday. While many tourist destinations are pleased to see visitors back, others are less enthusiastic about their return. Tourist honeypot cities such as Barcelona and Venice have been struggling to control the number of visitors in the summer. Venice will introduce a daytripper tax in 2023 which will charge tourists a fee to visit the city for the day. It has also banned cruise ships from entering the port although one ship recently got round the rules by shipping tourists in on smaller motorboats. Some residents in Barcelona’s popular Gothic Quarter have complained that tourists are too noisy when they visit in summer. Meanwhile Marseille in France has introduced a new quota system to control the number of tourists visiting its Calanques national park. Closer to home, Cornwall has plans to introduce a mandatory registration system for holiday lets to control the second home boom in the area. Many local residents feel that the influx of tourists has pushed up house prices and put a strain on resources.