Liverpool have been urged to waste no time in firming up their interest in Borussia Dortmund ace Jude Bellingham rather than waiting until next summer to pursue a move for his signature. Bellingham is widely regarded as one of Europe's brightest midfield talents after impressing at Dortmund over the last few years and has been linked with a potential future move to Anfield for some time. Recent reports have suggested that Liverpool could attempt to sign Bellingham in the near future but allow him to stay at Dortmund until the end of next season, at which point he would return to Merseyside. However, former Reds defender Johnson believes that such a move would be counterproductive as a result of Bellingham's ability to fit into Jurgen Klopp's first-team plans from the get-go."You’d usually operate a transfer like that with young players if they’re currently not good enough to get into your team," Johnson told GGRecon when quizzed on Liverpool's reported interest in Bellingham."Jude could improve Liverpool’s team now. I see pros and cons for that sort of deal because Jude will have half an eye on Liverpool if they sign him before he leaves Dortmund. "Of course, he would remain professional and do what he has to do for Dortmund but it would almost be impossible to not focus on your new club. If you’re going to spend the money then do the deal now because he’s good enough to play now anyway."It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will eventually decide to chase a move for Bellingham before the new Premier League campaign gets underway at the start of next month. He remains tied down to Dortmund until the summer of 2025 and it seems unlikely that the German heavyweights would be willing to sanction his departure after losing Erling Haaland to Manchester City earlier in the window.Liverpool have also spent big to secure the arrival of Darwin Nunez from Benfica since the end of last season and could well opt to steer clear of any more expensive moves for the time being. Klopp has already insisted that he is unlikely to chase any further deals this summer by explaining that he is more than happy with his current squad when quizzed on the matter last month. "I don’t think something will happen in midfield, but you never know," the Liverpool boss told reporters. "If somebody comes to you and says 'I want to go'... nobody came to me yet, but if that happens then we have to talk new."But if the situation stays like it is, then tell me why [we would need to buy]? I’m not looking to buy, I can say that. I don’t understand, people told me about this discussion but the last thing that would have crossed my mind is that we have to do this."I know all these things, that we don’t score enough goals from midfield, this and that, but what do we want?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here