The young prince was spotted dressed smartly in a full navy blue suit with shirt and tie as he entered the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, of which his mother is patron, as he greeted Wimbledon's dignitaries and shyly told one of the staff he was backing Djokovic. Serbian Djokovic is taking on Australian Kyrgios in today's final match – the former a 20-time Grand Slam champion, the latter a major singles final debutant. The Cambridges have been committed members of the audience throughout this year's tournament. Prince George, eight, is said to be a passionate tennis fan and has even taken a lesson with Roger Federer. READ MORE: Kate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite desperately begging to go The eight-time men's champion in 2018 described George as a "cute boy" who had clearly taken his love for the sport from Kate, with whom the Swiss has been friends for years. Federer played with the young prince back in 2019, when he visited the Cambridges at their Norfolk residence. He said: "I love to see that they're into tennis or into sports. "His mum has always enjoyed their tennis. "I hope that he'll still say the same in a few years' time." George, Kate and William are this afternoon watching the decisive match from the royal box overlooking Centre Court. The duchess is expected to present the winning and runner-up trophies following the game, after she handed the Venus Rosewater Dish to Elena Rybakina yesterday. The Russian-born player has represented Kazakstan since switching her nationality from Russia in 2018. Russian athletes were banned from Wimbledon as a result of Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine in late February. Kate, wearing a bright Roksanda gown, told Rybakina that she played "really well". The Cambridges' younger children, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis, did not attend Wimbledon. George and Charlotte are thought to have had to say goodbye to their friends at St Thomas's Battersea school this week as the summer break began and the two royals might be starting somewhere else in September as the family is set to move from London to Windsor. If they quit Kensington Palace in favour of a move to Berkshire, the three kids will have to get used to a different environment, including new friends.