Around 12,000 people have signed an online petition demanding Novak Djokovic is allowed into the United States to compete in the US Open. The World No.7 has refused to take a Covid-19 vaccine, which renders him ineligible to enter the US and leaves his presence at the Flushing Meadows tournament in doubt. Djokovic - who won Wimbledon to move within one major title of Rafael Nadal for the most men’s singles Grand Slam titles in history - will not be able to compete in the fourth and final major of the calendar year as the US requires travellers to be fully vaccinated. People also need to provide proof of vaccination before boarding flights. Djokovic won the Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon titles last year, and missed out on the coveted Calendar Slam when he lost to Daniil Medvedev in the US Open final. The Serb was unable to defend his Down Under crown in 2022 after he was sensationally deported from Australia over his vaccination status in January. There are approximately 12,000 signatures on the online petition urging tennis officials to work with the United States government to allow the 35-year-old to play at the US Open. Back in February, Djokovic said that he was prepared to miss major tournaments and wish his legacy rather than be vaccinated. READ MORE: Djokovic's coach gives grim assessment of US Open hopes as ban remains “There is absolutely no reason at this stage of the pandemic to not allow Djokovic to play at the US Open 2022,” said the change.org petition, which was launched on June 21. “[The] US Government and USTA must work together to allow him to play … MAKE IT HAPPEN, USTA!” The news comes after two political figures supported Djokovic and his ambitions to play in the US Open, placing pressure on president Joe Biden. Richard Grenell tweeted: “Let @DjokerNole play in the @usopen! The U.S. Open cheapens itself when it bans one of the best players in the world.” The former politician was picked by Donald Trump to be the US Ambassador to Germany in 2017 and the US Acting Director of National Intelligence in 2020. He was also the Special Presidential Envoy for Serbia and Kosovo Peace Negotiations for 15 months from October 2019, linking him to Djokovic’s home country. DON'T MISSRussia's Rublev shares Wimbledon wish as he considers new citizenshipLeBron could've rivalled Federer, Nadal and Djokovic as tennis greatBerrettini on 'absurd' Covid chaos that forced him out of Wimbledon Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson echoed Grenell’s sentiment, labelling the idea of keeping Djokovic out of the country as ‘stupid’. He tweeted: “@RichardGrenell⁩ is 100% correct on this. “Has anyone noticed the vaccines are NOT preventing infection and transmission? The mandates are idiotic, pointless and destructive. How many jabs did Fauci get? Banning Djokovic would be equally stupid.” Johnson and Grenell’s tweets come after two other US politicians criticised the ban on Djokovic and other unvaccinated travellers. Texas State Senator Drew Springer and Rand Paul, Senator for Kentucky, pressured Biden over the issue last week. The main draw at the US Open begins on August 29.