Prime Minister Boris Johnson faced questions about the possibility of him calling an early general election from journalist Nick Ferrari. Mr Ferrari claimed it was his job to hold Mr Johnson to account when Mr Johnson refused to answer the question about the election rumours. Mr Johnson said he 'refused to comment' on the rumours and pushed to talk about the British Governments political agenda and tackling the cost of living crisis. The Prime Minister is currently under investigation by the Commons Privileges Committee which is seeking to find out if he misled the Commons.  Mr Ferrari said: "While you've been away the Conservatives have become about as popular as a dose of Monkeypox. "You've lost a safe seat, a seat you've just won and you're party chairman. "The idea of an early election is ridiculous isn't it?" Mr Johnson told LBC Radio: "Totally, totally... Look I'm not going to... What I decided by the way." Mr Ferrari said: "Well I'm glad you agree there's no early election, you need every day." Mr Johnson said: "Look, actually I'm not going to comment on..." Mr Ferrari added: "No, you agreed you're going long." Mr Johnson said: "No, hang on I want to be very clear with people because they always ask me these types of questions you know, blah blah blah... Elections, committees etc etc." JUST IN: UK signs 'landmark' deal with New Zealand in huge step to becoming 'science superpower'      Mr Ferrari added: "Of course, they do you're the Prime Minister, don't be surprised you used to do it for a job."  Mr Johnson said: "Right exactly!" Mr Ferrari said: "Precisislyey, so don't be surprised that we're doing it now!" Mr Johnson said: "But let me give you the demarkation, my job is... Is to talk about the Government's agenda, to talk about policy to talk about the UK. "To talk about how we're fixing the cost of living problems, the cost of living crisis, to talk about everything we're doing to strengthen the UK economy. "Our plan for a stronger economy which is what I believe... Talk about levelling up, about the agenda for taking this country forward. READ MORE:Tony Blair admits Brexit will not be overturned for a generation 'Not any time soon'     