Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted leaving Old Trafford early during Manchester United's pre-season draw with Rayo Vallecano. The Portugal captain was subbed off at the end of the first half by Erik ten Hag and wasted no time in leaving the stadium. It is no secret that the forward is unhappy in the north-west and he has asked the club to sanction his departure. He made little impact during his time on the pitch despite making his first ever appearance under his new boss. It was his first appearance of the season having missed most of pre-season training and the pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia citing 'family issues'. He finally returned to training on Tuesday and held talks with the United hierarchy, again stressing his wish to leave. Ronaldo wants to leave United this summer for a team who can offer him Champions League football, with the veteran reluctant to play in the Europa League in the latter stages of his career. He is keen to maintain his goalscoring record in the competition over long-term rival Lionel Messi, something that he will not be able to do if he remains with the Red Devils. He has tried to stress that he would not down tools in a bid to force a move but was spotted seemingly leaving the match early on Sunday. Ronaldo only played 45 minutes as United drew 1-1 with the LaLiga side, with Amad Diallo scoring the goal for the home side. Ronaldo has been linked with a range of clubs including Sporting Lisbon, Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid, however, their interest in the player appears to be tentative at best. It appears increasingly likely the 37-year-old will be forced to remain at Old Trafford, with the Ten Hag reluctant to sanction a move for last season's top scorer. The 189-time capped international only rejoined United 11 months ago in a sensational transfer from Juventus. He scored 24 goals in all competitions for the Red Devils but some pundits have argued that he made the team worse by causing the side to become imbalanced as he was reluctant to engage with the press. Before the game the United gaffer spoke about the legendary forward's current fitness levels. It appears highly unlikely he will start the season having missed so much training and the pre-season tour. As a result the club look set to call on Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho as their front three against Brighton. "I cannot tell in this moment," the Dutchman told Sky Sports. "He is definitely not on the level of our current squad, because he missed a lot of week. "He needs games and he needs a lot of training." The Old Trafford will be desperate to see Ronaldo remain at the club for the rest of the season however it appears increasingly likely that his current transfer saga will grow more and more bitter.