On ITV’s This Morning, Hazel got in touch to ask the money saving expert what happened to her late spouse's state pension. She explained that her husband had died five years ago at the age of 63. He had worked since he was 16 and paid tax and his National Insurance contributions. She wanted to know what had happened to her husband's state pension. The financial journalist explained that he needed more information about Hazel’s situation to give a full answer, and told her it is dependent on a variety of different factors. He said: “It depends on your age, if you have hit state pension age before April 2016, whether your husband would have hit state pension age before April 2016. READ MORE: PIP set to be replaced in seven areas next week - are you affected?  The money saving expert suggested Hazel go to the Pension Service which could help her to find out if she is entitled to this extra cash. The Pension Service gives customers some questions to answer in a systematic order, which enables them to work out whether their state pension entitlement disappears or if they are entitled to some of it. Someone’s state pension amount depends on their National Insurance record. People can use the state pension forecast tool on the Government website to find out how much they could get and when. READ MORE: Pension warning: Britons risk working past 66 to fund retirement as inflation soars On the Government website it states that men born on or after April 6, 1951 or a woman born on or after April 6, 1953, will get the new state pension. The full new state pension is £185.15 per week - but the amount someone gets may be different to this. If someone reached state pension age before April 6, 2016, they will get a different amount under the basic state pension rules. People usually need at least 10 qualifying years on their National Insurance record to get any state pension. They do not have to be 10 qualifying years in a row. The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 per week. Britons usually need a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions or credits to get the full basic state pension. If they have fewer than 30 qualifying years, their basic state pension will be less than £141.85 per week. A person will usually need need 35 qualifying years to get the new full state pension if they do not have a National Insurance record before April 6, 2016. People might be able to increase the amount they get by paying voluntary National Insurance contributions. Britons can check their National Insurance record to find out how many qualifying years they have. This Morning continues at 10am on ITV tomorrow.