Royal commentator Daniela Elser said the Palace has recently been acting "out-of-character", indicating that they may be in "panic mode" over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Their "panic", Ms Elser claimed, was triggered by recent photos that emerged of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on their way to Oprah Winfrey's house last week, causing speculation that they may be gearing up for a second interview with the talk show host. The first "clue" indicating the Palace's concern, Ms Elser said, was a comment from a royal source claiming that Prince Charles was "very emotional" when he met Lilibet. A palace source said: "It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. "The Prince, of course, hasn't seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. "He hadn't met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing. "What grandparent wouldn't think that was a good day all around?" Reacting to the Palace's comment, Ms Elser wrote in the NZ Herald: "Six 'verys' in four sentences — that has to be some sort of effusive record. "The whole thing reads like the sort of frothy briefing an LA publicist would give a supermarket tabloid, not the sort of fare that normally comes from the royal houses. "Ask yourself this: when has a royal mouthpiece ever voluntarily gushed before?" READ MORE: Inside Lilibet meeting with Prince Charles Ms Elser pointed out two other instances where the Palace appeared to act "out-of-character", the first being a Royal source's confirmation that Harry and Meghan have repaid the full $4.2million of Sovereign Grant money spent on Frogmore Cottage. A palace aid said: "Great credit to them. "They said they wanted to transition to financial independence and that has now been achieved." The second instance cited by Ms Elser was Buckingham Palace's decision not to publish the findings of the report into bullying allegations levelled at Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS: Meghan sparks US fury after 'inserting drama' into American politics [REACTION] Meghan and Harry 'insist' The Crown 'stop before reaching us' [REVEAL] Harry being 'dragged around like performing seal' since meeting Meghan [INSIGHT] Discussing the possible reasons for the change in tact, the commentator suggested that the palace may be "trying to mollify the Duke and Duchess" ahead of a possible second interview with Oprah Winfrey. Ms Elser speculated: "The possibility that they might be considering going another round with the billionaire TV host, along with the fact that Harry's memoir is set to be published in coming months, suddenly casts all of this out-of-character make nice in a very different light. "Basically, are they trying to mollify the Duke and Duchess; a strategy of appeasement via senior aide?" She noted a marked change in tone from the Jubilee, where Harry and Meghan were "resoundingly put in their place". The commentator explained: "The royal house looked intent on sending a very clear message during the four-day knees-up about just where the Sussexes now ranked in the pecking order. "That cannot have been an easy pill to swallow. "Fast forward only a month until today and the tables look like they might be turning, with Harry and Meghan looking like they are holding some pretty powerful cards."