Mr Cleverly spoke to Express.co.uk today as Ms Truss officially launched her campaign as Tory MPs took part in the second round of voting today. It came after Ms Truss polled a disappointing 50 MPs in the first round putting her well behind rival Penny Mordaunt on 67 and causing frustration among her Brexiteer backers. In particular, there is concern that 109 MPs backed relatively inexperienced outsiders to be leader with 40 for levelling up minister Kemi Badenoch, 37 for committee chairman Tom Tugendhat and 32 for Attorney General Suella Braverman. Ms Truss is by far the most experienced candidate in terms of ministerial experience with five cabinet jobs on her resume including Foreign Secretary, International Trade Secretary, Justice Secretary, Environment Secretary and Chief Treasury Secretary. Mr Cleverly told Express.co.uk readers that picking a new Prime Minister at a time of unprecedented crisis means that experience is essential. He said: "It will dawn on MPs that as this competition moves they will realise that this person they are choosing to be Prime Minister will be coming in during an inflation crisis and a war. That will focus their minds." But an MP from the Tom Tugendhat camp dismissed the need for experience. He said: "Both Tony Blair and David Cameron had no ministerial experience and were great but Gordon Brown had a lot of it and was terrible as Prime Minister." The Education Secretary’s intervention came as rivals of Ms Mordaunt have turned on her after she polled higher numbers than expected and became the outright favourite to win. One MP said: “I think the penny will drop with colleagues that she is not what she is cracked up to be. “After that first round she is now facing the scrutiny and questions about what she believes in and her past actions which she has managed to avoid so far.” Lord Frost, who some believe will come out in support for Ms Truss, has been on the attack claiming Ms Mordaunt did not stand up to the EU when she was his deputy. READ MORE: Tory leadership: Three PM hopefuls eye-up campaign merger In response to Lord Frost's comments, a source from Ms Mordaunt's campaign said: “Penny has nothing but respect for Lord Frost. He did a huge amount to assist our negotiations until he resigned from Government. "Penny will always fight for Brexit and always has.” Meanwhile, a row has broken out among Brexiteers over the decision by Ms Braverman to plough on with her candidacy despite only just scraping through the first round with 32. One senior European Research Group member said: “Suella has fought a valiant campaign but she is not being encouraged to stand her ground instead of doing a deal with Liz. “I’m afraid she has been badly advised.” DON'T MISSBrexiteer split leaves Truss campaign on life support [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak is the British public's choice for PM - POLL [REVEAL]What do YOU want to see from Tory leadership hopefuls on Brexit? [REVEAL] There are also questions over attempts by Mr Tugendhat and M Badenoch to continue. One veteran Tory MP said: “There are two things in a leadership competition, one is to showcase talent in the party and the other, more important, is to pick a leader and Prime Minister. “Kemi and Tom are part of the first but they cannot seriously expect to become Prime Minister at a time of international crisis without any experience. “This is why someone like Liz Truss will emerge at the end.”