In the trailer and indeed the first episode of Snowflake Mountain, the overprivileged kidults are tasked with taking only essential items out into the wilderness with them. Many of the snowflakes left behind their expensive electrical items, designer clothes and make-up as they ventured off on a survival retreat. Once the important items were decanted, the suitcases were taken away with fellow host and mentor Joel Graves apparently blowing them up. The kidults were left in shock as it appeared all their worldly goods had been blown sky high. Newcomer to the show Francesca later had her own baptism of fire after she went through the rigmarole of emptying out her belongings and taking only the most important things. Again, her suitcase was then apparently plunged into the nearby lake as she could only watch. Luckily, this moment was only a stunt on the show and the snowflakes got their belongings back at the end with the suitcases untouched. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain season 2: Will there be another series? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Matt said about the moment: “They hated us so much! As I look back on that moment and see that video I’m like, ‘That was so funny.’ “And the truth is as their stuff’s going, I hear them crying and complaining, ‘My Mac was in there and the only clothes that I own are in there and I don’t know what I’m going to do.’” Despite finding the scenario amusing, Matt said his heart was “hurting” for the snowflakes and he felt “pretty bad”. But at the end of the day, he said: “It is what it is” with this moment simply being part of the process as the young adults began their voyage to self-sufficiency and independence. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain on Netflix: Where is Solomon now? On keeping a straight face during the stunt, Matt said: “I was a drill instructor with a youth academy for about 10 years and I got lots of practice keeping a straight face during my time there. So, I would just say from experience.” Matt went on to reflect about the food stealing early on in the series when Solomon suggested holding back the more luxurious items such as s’mores and chocolate from the other half of the group. The truth about the concealed food items didn’t stay hidden for long with fireworks exploding when the rest of the camp learnt what Solomon and the others had done. Matt said: “You know, it’s human nature and part of our thing was to - we certainly didn’t want to control every element of everything and every person that was going out there. “So they need to learn from experience and maybe we need to give them enough rope to do that. “Obviously, I was disappointed. I was really more concerned about what it might lead to in terms of friction but that’s part of the process too, learning to work through adversity and friction and anger and anger management. So that’s kind of part of it. But I was kinda surprised.” He said the snowflakes were ultimately humans and were “going to do human things” like hoarding food from the other. Nonetheless, he said it was up to them to grow from the experience and perhaps make a better choice in the future. DON'T MISS...How long were they on Snowflake Mountain? [EXPLAINER]Snowflake Mountain: Why was Devon allowed to stay? [INSIGHT]Is Snowflake Mountain real? [ANALYSIS]Snowflake Mountain: Where is Rae from Snowflake Mountain now? [INTERVIEW] Matt pointed out most of the group didn’t want to follow ringleader Solomon and were plagued with guilt for doing so, particularly Liam. Solomon later departed from Snowflake Mountain after deciding the experience wasn’t for him and he didn’t need to grow. The divisive contestant had set his eye on the $50,000 cash prize and would stop at nothing to get it, even if it meant resorting to shady tactics. He even spent a night at Last Chance Lake where he was given time for self-introspection and miraculously chose not to leave the show. In the end, though, Solomon walked away from the money and the programme. Snowflake Mountain is streaming on Netflix now