According to new data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), goods exports to the EU from the UK reached a record high of £16.9billion in May. This is the highest level of goods exports from the UK to the EU since 1997 with the data showing an increase of exports by £2.3billion in May. As well as an increase in exports, the UK has also seen a similar increase in imports of £2.2billion in the same month. It is thought that the rise in exports to the European Union has been directly driven by increased prices and soaring inflation. When the impact of inflation has been removed from the data, exports from the UK to the EU reached a high of £13.9billion in May, which is the highest level since December 2020. Jack Sirrett, Head of Dealing at Ebury, a financial services firm spoke about the new trade figures on City A.M on Wednesday. Mr Sirrett said: “The global inflation shock is driving up the price of goods around the world and clearly boosting the value of trade going in and out of the UK. “Exports to the EU reached their highest level since the ONS began the trade data series when the effect of inflation is included.” He added: “Higher inflation affects exports because of the uptick in input costs such as labour and materials. READ MORE: POLL: Would you install a heat pump to save the planet? “However, the strong figures even with the impact of inflation stripped out suggest demand for British products in the EU remains strong.” The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine along with the economic ramifications across Europe is also seeing imports from Russia steadily and continually decreasing. Compared to May 2022, Russian imports have reached their lowest level since March 2004. DON'T MISS: Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row (INSIGHT)Chinese officials removed during Kamala Harris speech (REVEAL)Lukashenko begins crackdown on OWN people with brutal step (INSIGHT) Mr Sirett continued: “The figures also reflect the global nature of the current inflationary shock. “The euro has been struggling, too, this year due to the headwinds of the war in Ukraine, recession fears and the sluggishness of the ECB to raise interest rates. “The weakening pound is also likely to start dampening trade for many importers as the goods they look to bring into the UK are becoming increasingly expensive both through inflation and the deteriorating exchange rate,” he added.