The stakes could not be higher, because if a rejoiner or BRINO candidate prevails, the next election will assuredly be lost. The gift of the eighty seat majority of 2019 will have been entirely squandered and unlike in the past, there will be no future chance of correction. Why? Because the Blair co-ordinated "rejoiner" operation that met for discussions on 30 June (joined reportedly by at least one of the current Conservative leadership contenders) will not make the mistake of 1997. A Labour/LibDem/"wet"Tory/Green/nationalist alignment will make its first priority the abolition of our ancient adversarial model of politics that is built into the architecture of the Commons’ chamber, with Government and Opposition benches ranged face to face, opposed, a sword’s reach apart. The continental model of proportional representation will fracture Westminster forever. Semi-circular chambers, such as appeared in our Kingdom with the eye-wateringly expensive return of devolved administrations, especially to Scotland, will become our fate too. And there will never be a clean majority government ever again. How then to decide who to support? Conservative MPs have the biggest responsibility of their careers, be they long or short, next week. As the inimitable Matt captured in his Daily Telegraph cartoon of two worried MPs walking in front of Big Ben, “The Conservative Party is about to make a huge mistake. I just don’t know which one.” It is utterly consequential who is sent to the Party in the Country; and the Party in the Country needs a simple primer to assist it in its final choice. In the first series of the gripping Danish political hit Borgen the appealing, nose-wrinkling, smiley heroine, Birgitte Nyborg, who becomes Prime Minister, is a political novice. Her mentor is the sage veteran Bent Sejrø who advises her that to triumph in Danish politics she “only needs to be able to count to ninety.” Nyborg is a quick learner, evidently, since Borgen ran for three series and has just returned for a fourth. In the current leadership election, MP electors right now and Party members over the summer have a simpler calculation to make. They only need to learn to count to four. Number one is to check which candidates pass or fail an equally simple series of positive and negative tests. These are test of policy, tests of character and tests of who their supporters are. I will return to them in detail in a moment. Number two is can this candidate get into the Final Two? This is the site of the current, frenzied serial knife-fights in telephone boxes. As I see it, the Rejoiner camp who – disgracefully – never ever accepted the decision of the people to leave the EU in the largest ever direct democratic vote in our history in June 2016, are trying by every means fair or foul to ensure that they have control over whichever candidate goes forward to the Party Members. This involves classic magician’s mis-directions (“look up here not over there”). Currently I believe that there are two such operations under way. Brexiteers and loyal remainers – those who accepted the will of the people, albeit with regret, as we did in 1975 - who are a majority of votes in the Parliamentary party and an overwhelming majority of votes in the Party are invited to identify one candidate as the Rejoiner candidate whereas there is actually another one escaping detection. The second Rejoiner misdirection tactic is to offer loyal Brexiteers a focus for their enthusiasm in a candidate with an honestly held agenda that is exactly theirs but who cannot count to four, to encourage a splitting of the Brexiteer votes. Application of The Tests allows electors to unmask and to identify them, respectively. Number three is who can beat the rejoiner candidate in the Final Two? Number four is who has the best chance of winning the next General Election? Unsurprisingly, it has been the fighting commanders of Veterans for Britain who led the way. I agree with their tests, but add two more that I think are crucial. Positive tests are: (1) Rejection of pernicious 'declinism' in Whitehall; (2) Whole-hearted embrace of the huge positive power of the Commonwealth; (3) Rejection of malignantly biased 'woke' reinterpretations of our history and of the perverse (and tragic) trans-sexual agenda; (4) Consistency in support of the cause of freedom in Ukraine; (5) Preparedness to reinforce deterrence of Xi Jinping's China and (6) Understanding that three to five are interlinked. (7) Restore energy security by suspension of the "net zero" agenda for now and return to firm power first on the chronically fragile Grid that has been poisoned by thermodynamically incompetent and very expensive fuels under coerced political forcing in the "renewables" excursion. Now that we are in "grey war", Test five has a very important practical dimension: commit to urgent refitting of our two super-carriers to catapults and traps as they should have been from the start so they can operate fixed-wing naval aircraft. Our allies can then use them too. Then buy – second-hand from the USN if needs be – two full air wings of F-18 Super Hornets (go watch Top Gun if you do not know how potent these machines are), plus Airborne Early Warning, Electronic Warfare and refuellers. The best is the enemy of the good and VSTOL (F35B) will never be the best; and quantity has a quality all of its own.Negative tests which disqualify any candidate are: (1) Any association whatsoever with Tony Blair's Rejoiner project or the Davos globalisation agenda; (2) Failure to commit to disarming the weaponised Northern Irish Protocol forthwith; (3) Being backed by Rejoiners or (4) Employing any staff associated with the remoaner/rejoiner cause. (5) Legally owing any formal duty of allegiance to another state.Deeds speak louder than any fine words. Apply the tests and count to four and you will quickly discover that which candidates are worthy of Brexiteer and traditional Conservative support.