Liverpool assistant Pep Lijnders has compared Harvey Elliott to Andres Iniesta in a glowing assessment of the former Fulham youngster. Lijnders, who became Jurgen Klopp's right-hand man for the second time in 2018, also singled out Trent Alexander-Arnold as an example of what academy products can become, labelling the right-back a 'future captain'. Football fans came to hear of Elliott's name four years ago, when he became the youngest player in Carabao Cup history by coming off the bench for Fulham against Millwall. He then appeared twice in the Premier League just after his 16th birthday before moving to Anfield that summer. After bedding in for one season, the teenager went on loan to Blackburn Rovers in 2020/21 and made a huge impression by scoring seven goals in the Championship. He became part of Klopp's Liverpool squad last term, and while he notched his first goal for the club, there was a feeling that even more could have been achieved but for a devastating ankle injury. With the 19-year-old ready and raring to go for the upcoming campaign, Lijnders has heaped high praise on the midfielder by comparing him to legendary Spaniard and Barcelona icon Iniesta. JUST IN: Chelsea 'trying to hijack' PSG transfer at 11th hour with Timo Werner swap deal proposed "There is no such thing as like for like in football, but Harvey Elliott has some of the ingredients of Andres Iniesta and thinks like a creative midfielder," he wrote in his unreleased book, Intensity. "I’m blessed to have worked with some of the continent’s top talents." Although many believe that Elliott will take the next step and make a telling impact on Klopp's starting XI, the level of talent at Anfield means he still has to fight his way into the mix. Minutes on the wing are contested by Mohamed Salah, Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota, while there are a host of fierce competitors to contend with if he is dropped back into midfield. DON'T MISS: Arsenal and Juventus 'reach double agreement' during Arthur Melo transfer talks One player who has already established himself as an irreplaceable member of Klopp's first-team is Alexander-Arnold. Back in 2015, before the right-back had made his breakthrough, Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard tipped him to become a 'top professional'. Now that he is a hardened member of Klopp's trusted inner circle, Lijnders has gone one better and backed him to become the club's captain. "Trent is the epitome of a successful training and coaching process with a young talent," he added. "I could not be any prouder of the man and the player he has become – from my captain at Under-16 level to one of the world’s best players, with every possible major club medal won by the age of 23. "Even at the age of 15, he was this natural technical talent. He had all the characteristics I loved: a mentality to win, passionate to improve – but his emotions sometimes took control instead of him taking control over the emotions. "He trained with so much power and competition. He has this aggression in a positive way. If someone represents this quote of Bill Shankly, it’s him: ‘Playing at the highest level isn’t pressure, it’s a reward’. I see someone who controls his emotions, a future captain. A leader by example." Pep Lijnders Intensity: Inside Liverpool FC - Our Identity, published by Reach Sport, on sale August 4 from liverpoolfc.com/store and reachsportshop.com.