The barman of the popular Channel 4 reality programme First Dates announced he'd been diagnosed with cancer last September. He has been in and out of hospital receiving treatment, however, he will be back serving drinks to anxious singletons for the entirety of series nine, which kicked off on Thursday. Merlin, 47, was diagnosed with stage three cancer and was given a prognosis that he was unlikely to live beyond five years. The TV star has since been keeping fans updated on his journey. Merlin told followers he was "back home" in June after being hospitalised following complications. Among the pictures he has shared on Twitter, Merlin can often be seen smiling from a hospital bed as he explains the latest on his illness. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star In April, he posted one such picture and captioned it: "Thank you #NHS for literally saving my life. #BowelCancerAwarenessMonth." Days later, he shared a second picture, writing: "Almost there. Another day and then off home. #bowelcancer #stoma #alive." Earlier this month, he posted an Instagram update and urged people to "get checked". Posting a selfie from another hospital bed, he wrote: "Last time for a while I hope. "Minor day surgery for some complications with my anastomosis following a Low Anterior Resection in April. "The #CancerTreatment journey is long, and often painful and ugly. I couldn't do it without my family either. #BowelCancerAwareness #getchecked." Fans have commented with messages of support throughout his journey. Instagram user kevinayres23 wrote: "Sending you a virtual hug. #Kevin and Charlie." DON'T MISS... The Supervet fans in tears minutes in as service dog screams in pain [REACTION]The Handmaid's Tale season 5 theory: Janine to be groomed into an Aunt [THEORY]Richard Osman pays tribute to Pointless co-star Alexander 'I'm lucky' [VIDEO] jackie6795 commented: "You are an inspiration Merlin. "My husband and I love you on First Dates and are following your journey. Keep up the brave battle, you are amazing." mervynphillips added: "Wishing you a speedy recovery from Northampton." rose.kane2 shared: "God bless you, Merlin. Be strong and I, like many other fans and friends, wish you good health." "Good luck Merlin, you seem a strong character and have everything crossed for you," markcooksilver added. (sic)  First Dates host Fred Sirieix labelled his co-star "incredibly stoic." He stated: "I really love him. He’s incredibly positive and pragmatic as well." Speaking to Mail Online, he continued: "I'm just not surprised because that’s the type of guy he is. You can always rely on Merlin." Worried fans will likely be glad to see Merlin continuing to serve behind the bar as hopefuls await their dates. First Dates airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 4.