With temperatures expected to soar well above 30 degrees next week, drivers across the UK have been urged to use a little-known ventilation hack that does not force the car to waste a lot of fuel on the air conditioning system. According to experts, using air con can increase a car’s fuel consumption by up to 20 percent in some cases. And, with the fuel crisis still in full swing, drivers will attempt to do anything to save money. The latest RAC Fuel Watch shows that motorists will have to pay 189.46p per litre of unleaded and 197.52p per litre of diesel. While the prices are expected to fall, it might still take a while for drivers to feel a noticeable difference. READ MORE: New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' drivers With that in mind, experts at RAC have urged motorists to use a clever ventilation trick that can save hundreds of pounds as it does not rely on air conditioning as much. The experts said that many motorists make the mistake of blasting the air con on as soon as they enter their vehicles. However, doing so could increase fuel use by up to 10 percent as the engine will have to work harder. Instead, drivers should immediately open all the car windows and leave them open for the first few minutes of the journey. DON'T MISS Pressure on supermarkets mounts as drivers should see fuel prices fall [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow ‘key trick’ to save money on fuel this summer [REVEAL] Elderly driver left furious after bin lorry crashes into her car [SHOCKING] This will result in the temperature of the car dropping noticeably. After a few minutes, motorists should turn the air con on and close the windows. By doing so, the air conditioning system will not be required to work as hard to bring the temperature down. This in turn means that the engine will have to work less hard and will use less fuel. READ MORE: Drivers urged to choose hybrids over electric vehicles The RAC added that there are a couple of other tricks that drivers can use. Firstly, the experts urged drivers to fan the interior. They said: “Open both the windows on one side of the car, then ‘fan’ the interior by swinging a door on the opposite side back and forth. “Providing you're not worried about potentially looking a bit weird, repeat this open-close motion at least three times to help expel the hot air.” Secondly, car owners should use lower air vents. The RAC said: “Heat rises, so it makes sense to blast the cooler, air-conditioned air into the footwells, forcing the hot air already inside the car upwards and out of the open windows. “Shut off the upper vents on the dashboard and at the base of the windscreen so that the full flow of air into the car is directed upwards.”