Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has already played down prospects of fielding versatile new signing Lisandro Martinez as a central midfielder. The Argentine is also capable of playing at centre-back or left-back, and his arrival is set to force the new boss into a selection headache during the first few weeks of the season. United ended up paying through the nose for Martinez, which is a sign of how much Ten Hag wanted to reunite with his former Ajax star. Arsenal had also shown an interest, but a decisive package which could end up setting the Red Devils back £57million was enough to seal the deal. The versatility to play in three different positions will only have made him a more valuable prospect in United's eyes. Left-back is already well-covered with Luke Shaw backed up by Tyrell Malacia and Alex Telles, but there are vacancies to be filled in the centre of defence and midfield. Some Red Devils fans may have wondered whether Ten Hag had a cunning plan to deploy Martinez as a defensive midfielder, given that Nemanja Matic was among those to leave the club in June upon the expiration of his contract. JUST IN: Chelsea and Armando Broja reach transfer agreement as West Ham-linked striker sent home However, the Dutchman experimented in the Eredivisie by putting Martinez before concluding that he did not have the engine to succeed over the long-term. "Daley Blind does not have the running capacity to play in midfield and neither does Martinez," said Ten Hag in January last year, according to BBC Sport journalist Elko Born. As such, it would seem that the 24-year-old's most likely position will be as a left-sided centre-back at Old Trafford. Ten Hag shifted the team around at Ajax to slot Martinez into the back four, and it worked a treat as he capped off last campaign by being crowned the club's Player of the Year. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing Committing to that position would see Martinez enter direct competition with current captain Harry Maguire. Ten Hag will therefore face a tough decision in terms of whether to drop the Englishman or shift him to the right and demote Raphael Varane to the bench, but the amount of money spent on United's new recruit would suggest that he is in line for a starting spot either way. With a midfield role seemingly off the cards for the former Ajax star, Ten Hag still needs to sign one as a high priority before the summer window slams shut. United have been heavily linked with Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong for weeks, but the Dutchman is reported to be apprehensive about a move to Old Trafford due to their lack of Champions League football. Martinez is the third new arrival at Old Trafford since Ten Hag took charge, with Malacia joining from Feyenoord and Christian Eriksen signing on a free transfer after a short spell with Brentford. There are undoubtedly more gaps to be plugged after a wave of departures, and on top of a defensive midfielder, United are thought to be keen on signing an attacking player before the start of the new campaign. That task will become even more urgent if Cristiano Ronaldo leaves the club, with the Portuguese's camp attempting to manufacture a move elsewhere.