The 66-year-old was a fan favourite on BBC One’s Strictly Come Dancing but has been replaced by Anton Du Beke after struggling to travel between UK and America for Dancing With The Stars. Although he hasn’t completely ruled out a return one day, it’s a solid no for the near future.   Bruno was part of Strictly since it first aired back in 2004 when he sat alongside Len Goodman, Arlene Phillips and Craig Revel Horwood to judge the dancing competition. Although this year, he made the tough decision to quit the BBC show as he was unable to balance work commitments between the UK and USA where he sits on the Dancing With The Stars judging panel. Last year, fans saw former professional dancer Anton Du Beke replace Bruno for series 19 with him now becoming a permanent addition to the judging panel next to Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and head judge Shirley Ballas. Speaking to MailOnlinet at Sister Act! The Musical press performance, he touched on his departure from the show and referred to the cast and crew as his “family”   He said: "Well I always will miss it, it's my family. “I mean we'll always be friends and you never know what's going to happen. "At the moment, you know it's just as impossible, you know the situation is too complicated but they're all my brothers and sisters. “We're all loving each other, you know, no hard feelings, they're great, they do a great job.”   Bruno added that although no one knows what will happen in the future, it’s currently impossible for him to travel due to his commitments on the American show. The 66-year-old revealed that over the last 17 years, his itinerary has been extremely tiresome filming the two dance shows in different countries. He would film in the UK on the Saturday before jetting across the globe to LA for meetings on Sunday morning. After staying in America for a few days to shoot Dancing With The Stars, he’d then catch a flight back to the UK the following week for Strictly.   The judge continued this pattern for 11 weeks straight while the shows were running. Although he’s no longer part of Strictly, he still keeps in contact with Len Goodman as the pair work together on the American dance competition. Despite the show featuring an impressive line-up of celebrity guests, Bruno revealed he regularly has no idea who the star is in the celebrity pairing. The judge has to turn to his 78-year-old colleague for help on who is competing.     However, Bruno says that not knowing who they are is better overall as it doesn’t give him any preconceived ideas. Bruno isn’t the only Strictly star that won’t be returning this year as professional dancers Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec  revealed they were leaving the show. Instead of two new professional dancers being added for the 2022 series, BBC One announced that there will be four new faces. Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka will be the latest additions to join in 2022. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in the autumn.  