Exactly three years since he entered Downing Street, he now presents two contrasting faces to the world. On foreign policy, he has emerged as an impressive global player, clear in his aims and confident in his language. His self-assurance on the diplomatic front was highlighted over the last week when he took a central role at a trio of major gatherings: the Commonwealth summit in the Rwandan capital of Kigali, the G7 meeting in Bavaria and a Nato conference in Madrid. As he charmed other leaders, his success made a mockery of the fashionable idea that Brexit has left Britain hopelessly isolated on the international stage. Nothing better epitomises his growing stature in foreign affairs than his support for Ukraine in resisting Russia’s invasion. Bristling with determination, the Prime Minister has been pivotal in galvanising the West’s response, particularly through the provision of military aid and the imposition of sanctions. President Volodymyr Zelensky has had no stauncher ally, the Ukrainian people no firmer friend. Indeed, last weekend Johnson was made an honorary citizen of the southern Black Sea city of Odesa. Paying tribute to his leadership, the Mayor of Odesa Gennady Trukhanov said if “other countries had given similar assistance, then Ukraine would have defeated the invader long ago”. Yet on domestic policy, it is a far less edifying story. At home, he is the opposite of the confident statesman we see abroad. Whereas he strides through the diplomatic circuit, he stumbles at Westminster. The current mess over Chris Pincher, his Deputy Chief Whip suspended from the Tory Party amid allegations of drunken sexual harassment, is typical. Johnson’s determination to give Pincher the whip’s job, despite his unsavoury reputation, raises concerns about his judgment, just as his mishandling of the fall-out from the incident exposes the chaos in Downing Street.  The Pincher episode is just the latest in a series of scandals that have disillusioned the public, including Partygate and the attempt to protect the rulebreaking MP Owen Paterson. What makes the air of tawdriness all the more serious is that it has been accompanied by a growing sense of paralysis within Johnson’s Government. Despite record expenditure, too many of our public services are in meltdown. Crimes go unpunished, inflation is rampant, property is unaffordable for young people, taxation is at levels not seen since the 1940s and immigration is soaring. In such a context, there can be little surprise that the Tories are sinking in the opinion polls and losing by-elections by record margins. There is always a temptation for embattled Prime Ministers to use foreign affairs to escape domestic troubles. After the financial crash in 2008, Gordon Brown revelled in international summitry that enabled him to pose as the financial saviour of the world, just as Lloyd George, at the head of a fractious Liberal-Tory coalition in 1922, began to agitate for war against Turkey partly to distract from economic turmoil at home. In both cases, these manoeuvres did nothing to prevent their swift ejection from office. Similarly, Margaret Thatcher’s absence at the Versailles summit in 1990 fatefully dissipated the energy of her leadership campaign, while Jim Callaghan’s days were numbered after his jaunt to a global summit in the Caribbean at the height of the Winter of Discontent in 1979. Other Prime Ministers have destroyed their administrations with ill-judged foreign policy, such as Tony Blair with Iraq, Anthony Eden with Suez and Neville Chamberlain’s appeasement. Boris Johnson has the insight and talent to avoid such a fate.  But he will only do so if he can dramatically improve his domestic performance with a clearly articulated plan and a united Cabinet. He needs to bring home the same sense of strategic mission that infuses his international work. That means he has to be much tougher, making hard decisions on inflation, spending, benefits and border controls. He will have to take on the legal establishment, the unions, the quangos, the woke zealots and the bureaucracy. There are, for instance, 600 civil servants and 675 NHS managers on over £150,000 a year. Only if he shows bravery in meeting Britain’s real needs will he recover his political fortunes. However admirable they are, plaudits on Ukraine will not be enough. 