Speaking about Camilla's relationship with Tom and Laura, Judi told Express.co.uk: "Camilla probably and quite naturally looks at her most relaxed when she appears alone with her children. "In body language terms it’s as though all the jigsaw pieces fall into place as she and her daughter mirror each other while she gazes devotedly at her son." In a piece for You Magazine, Tom lovingly recalled growing up in a "very happy home, with good food at its heart". He referenced a core memory of podding peas and beans with mother Camilla. READ MORE: Camilla not allowed to 'throw wobblies' post marriage - expert claims On Tom and Laura's relationship with their mum, Judi claimed: "Their body language with her reflects a shared playful sense of fun and often all three with be seen talking at once in a gesture or relaxation and enthusiasm." One child in particular seems to share something in common with their mum, according to the expert. "Her son in particular seems to sport a suppressed but still-beaming grin in her company that gives the impression that he shares a naughty sense of humour with his mother," she said. Unsurprisingly, her relationships with step-children Prince William and Harry seem a little more formal. Judi continued: "Often appearing looking ill at ease and tentative with both Charles and his sons, with her royal responsibilities seeming to tailor her non-verbal behaviour, Camilla drops some of her inhibitions with her children." This is possibly because they "become her focus of attention when they surround her, rather than worries about ‘getting it right’". Camilla's royal persona and duties surround her relationships with Prince Charles, his offspring and the rest of the Royal Family. For this reason, it is understandable that she might approach these relationships with ever so slightly more caution, as it is these relationships that are the focus and fixation of royal fans - more so than her relationships with Tom and Laura. READ MORE: Kate Middleton breaks royal tradition but fans think she's 'perfect' Despite their "increasingly warm relationship", Camilla tends to "look more aware of her approach" with Prince William, according to the expert. Rather than being entirely relaxed, Camilla is "slightly cautious", she claimed. She continued: "William looks polite and charming with Camilla and Harry’s body language did seem to suggest he was making an effort when he was living in the UK." However, this is appears to be a far cry from the feeling of "relaxation and enthusiasm" in interactions between Camilla and her biological children.