The UK basked in 40-degree heat last week meaning that drivers across the country had to resort to using air con. And with the temperatures not showing any signs of decreasing considerably, experts have told motorists they should follow four of the most important air con tips and tricks if they want to save money on fuel and prevent damage. Motoring experts at Scrap Car Comparison reminded drivers that there are actually a few steps that should be taken to ensure that a cool breeze is emitted from the fans when needed. Dan Gick, Managing Director of Scrap Car Comparison said: “Your car’s air conditioning system can be a real life saver during a heat wave, but it’s important to carry out regular checks throughout the year to ensure everything is working efficiently when the temperatures outside start to rise. “Consult your vehicle’s handbook for further information on the inner workings of your air conditioning system, and stick to the service schedule to ensure any issues are spotted early.” “If you do notice that your air conditioning system isn’t working, you should contact a professional technician to carry out checks and any repairs as soon as possible. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars “A malfunctioning system not only leaves the passengers in your car feeling the heat, but it can also drain power, fuel and lead to an overheating engine.” The experts have now shared four essential things that drivers should do to keep their air-conditioning system in good working order and help save power and fuel while driving in the summer heat. These include: DON'T MISS CarFest to show off one-of-a-kind classic supercar - 'outrageous' [INSIGHT] Little-known petrol station hack will help drivers avoid high costs [REVEAL] Caravan owners urged to check vehicle before summer as prices spike [WARNING] Many of us will automatically shut down the engine without turning the air conditioning system off, once we’ve reached our destination. However, doing this can damage your air conditioning system, as the fans continue to run and collect build-ups of dust and bacteria. To avoid this, switch your air con off after usage to allow the air to remain fresher and your air conditioning system to work more efficiently for longer. Having a working air conditioning system is vital in keeping your passengers comfortable, as well as enabling you to drive more safely in the summer heat. READ MORE: Fuel station selling petrol for just £1.69 a litre - mile-long queues If you’re turning your air conditioning system on for the first time in a few months, you may notice that the system is clogged or faulty, leaving both drivers and passengers to suffer in an overheating vehicle. Just like oils and other liquids in your vehicle, the coolant used by your air conditioning system also needs to be refreshed and recharged. Most manufacturers recommend a recharge every two years, but be sure to check your vehicle’s handbook for further guidance. If your air conditioning levels are reducing faster than expected, you could have a leak in your system, which could emit harmful gases into the environment if not checked. To regas or recharge your air con system, the coolant will need to be drained, and refilled and key parts of the system re-lubricated to ensure all is working efficiently. While you can buy DIY kits to regas your air conditioning system yourself, it’s not advisable if you’ve never done it before. The kits themselves are almost as expensive as paying a specialist to do it – and you could be left with an expensive repair bill if anything goes wrong. If you’re noticing a nasty smell when you first turn on your air conditioning in the summer, this could mean that your air conditioning needs a good clean. Dust and liquid can build up in your air conditioning system over time, leading to your car being filled with unpleasant smells. Regular cleaning will also reduce the risk of malfunction over time, which is often caused by the build-up of bacteria, dust and debris. To ensure everything is running correctly and to avoid deterioration over the winter months, it’s recommended that you run the air conditioning system in your car for around 10 minutes every week – even in the colder winter months. When doing this, ensure that the system is set on the highest speed and coolest setting to test the system to its maximum capability.