The Lichfield MP gave his views on the Tory leadership contest, Brexit and even joked about his hair in responses to your queries. He warned he will "never forgive" Rishi Sunak for his disloyalty to the Prime Minister and praised the Express for bringing some common sense and balance to the media landscape. Scroll down to read his full answers. 1) Can you please stop this leadership race farce and bring Boris back? I wish I could! Boris got all the big calls right. In the pandemic, Boris ignored Keir Starmer and so-called Labour ‘experts’, and even some in the Government, who said we should depend on the European Union vaccine programme instead of going it alone. In the event, we did go it alone and we were the first country in the world to commence a mass Covid vaccination programme. And despite claims by Starmer to the contrary – which he has never retracted – the death rate in the UK was lower than most parts of Europe including Germany, Belgium, and Spain. And for months before the invasion of Ukraine began, the UK alone supplied the Ukraine with anti-tank missiles. If it hadn’t been for Boris, Kiev would have been occupied in the first few days and a puppet government installed which was Russia’s original intention. And then, of course, Boris got Brexit done. While others dithered, he acted decisively. But I fear that things have gone too far down the line right now and I’m not even sure Boris wants to come back right for the present after the treachery shown him. But he’s still a young man and like Churchill, he may well return. I will be the first one to cheer him on if he came back to lead us! Have a question for Lord Frost? Take part in this week's Q&A here. 2) Who do you believe was the prime mover in orchestrating the plan to get rid of Boris? Well, that’s not an easy one. There were several who wanted him gone. Of course, there were the unimaginative Remainiacs who never forgave Boris for delivering what the British people called for: our independence from the European Union. But there were others too from political ideology or for personal gain who slyly plotted Boris’ downfall. I will never forget nor forgive how one candidate for the leadership who disloyally resigned from the Government precipitating the leadership crisis and then had an expensively produced promotional video ready in the can, to be released the very day Boris said he would stand down as Prime Minister. Such deceit and sly cunning should never be rewarded. Others stayed loyal and continue to serve in Boris’ Government. Yes, there were little faults at Downing Street. There always are. But as I said in answer to the last question: Boris got all the big calls right. Have a question for Lord Frost? Take part in this week's Q&A here. 3) Considering all the doom-mongers before the referendum, are you surprised how successful Brexit has been? I always believed in Brexit. Why should a powerful country like the UK, both militarily and economically, be subject to the undemocratic will of left-leaning bureaucrats in Brussels? It never made sense to me. Before I became an MP, I ran a company which set up radio and TV stations in 48 countries worldwide. And I travelled to many of them ranging from places like Iceland to Sri Lanka and Australia. Seeing how those countries operate and in particular the similarities between Britain and Australia, New Zealand, the US, Canada, and Scandinavia too, I understood in a global world that compatibility counts far more than mere geography. Different languages, legal systems, and histories mean there is more that draws Britain to a global network of nations than merely Europe. And while the EU is in relative economic decline, Britain can soar with the nations with whom we share a common identity. Anyway, it’s easier to share a joke with a New Yorker or Sydneysider than a Berliner or Parisian.  4) What have you done to help ease the climate crisis? People forget that Margaret Thatcher was the first world leader to endorse the aims of the Rio Summit on global warming. And so it has been down the years with the Conservatives leading the way. COP26 in Glasgow was a huge success and I have supported the legislation which has allowed Britain to set an example to the world. But without the cooperation of the United States, India, and China, what we do in Britain will have little effect on the world’s carbon emissions. Have a question for Lord Frost? Take part in this week's Q&A here. 5) Are the Conservatives ever going to learn how to defend themselves and each other against the endless attacks from the left, and the often more subtle but still very damaging and concerted attacks by the media? I remember when I first got involved in the Conservative Party – long before I became an MP – I used to give talks based on my experience as a radio journalist on how to get our message across. It was always a problem countering the attacks of the Labour Party and their proxies: the mainstream media. Fortunately, newspapers like the Express and broadcasters like GB News are now available to give some balance. We just have to be true to ourselves and not be shy in speaking to the media and explaining our motives. I always find a smile helps! But there will always be people who believe that revolution and change is for the better. The Russians found out that didn’t work when Lenin and Stalin became their leaders and opened the gulags! But on the whole, people are sensible. They know when they are being peddled a lie or a dream. So we just have to be true to ourselves and not be scared of speaking the truth even if, sometimes, it’s bad news. I use social media a lot: particularly Twitter. Of course, people post horrid stuff in reply to my tweets, but most people ignore all that. I encourage a lot of interactions often getting more than 22 million over a 28 day period. I do that by mixing politics with fun and quirky posts. It can be dangerous with people deliberately misinterpreting tweets to take offence. But it’s worth it in the long term. You can follow me on Twitter @Mike_Fabricant Have a question for Lord Frost? Take part in this week's Q&A here. 6) Should we scrap the foreign aid budget for a number of years until we get back on our feet after the pandemic? We often hear that Britain punches above its weight. It’s true. And that is partly due to our foreign aid programme which influences the policies of foreign governments. The United States is particularly effective at using ‘US Aid’ to encourage recipients of donations to buy US-made products and services. We do the same, but should do it more! There is an interesting debate as to whether we should give quite as much money abroad, but I am not convinced it would make much difference to our own economy even if we were to stop aid altogether. It is only 0.5 percent of total government spending. Indeed, stopping foreign aid could end up hurting us more!  7) When a new leader starts, will you be sporting a new Rishi wig or will you plat in some Liz extensions to your current model? If you follow my tweets, you will already know who I am backing! (It was originally Penny Mordaunt, but sadly she got knocked out of the race.) So let’s just say that I’m backing someone who was loyal to Boris and I am hoping to plat in some blonde extensions to my already too long hair! Have a question for Lord Frost? Take part in this week's Q&A here.