Manchester United have set Barcelona a deadline of Friday to push through Frenkie de Jong's proposed move to Old Trafford, according to reports. The Red Devils have been locked in talks to land the Dutchman for a number of weeks but have struggled to make progress in negotiations at club level, with the move still on hold as things stand. Erik ten Hag is reportedly desperate to bring De Jong to United this summer but has been left frustrated by the lack of concrete steps taken to finalise the deal since the end of last season. The club are not prepared to be kept waiting for much longer and have underlined their desire to wrap up proceedings quickly by insisting that they will walk away from the move if it is not done by Friday, according to talkSPORT.There are said to be a number of major sticking points that are preventing a full agreement from being reached between United and Barcelona at present. A transfer fee of around £55million has reportedly been settled on at club level but there are believed to be questions over the scale of the proposed add-on package, which could rise by another £20m.United have also been held back in their efforts to sign De Jong by a series of outstanding wage payments that are yet to be made by Barcelona. The midfielder agreed to defer a significant chunk of his salary during the COVID-19 pandemic, with his annual wage being reduced by around £9.4m in 2020/21. JUST IN: Raphinha could help Chelsea sign another long-term target despite snub He repeated the gesture last season by taking a £4.3m pay cut, meaning that he is owed £13.7m in basic unpaid wages by his current employers as well as another £3.4m in waived bonuses. Barcelona have reportedly asked United to pay this amount in order to speed up negotiations but the Red Devils are adamant that they will not and have reminded the Catalan giants that it is their responsibility to do so.De Jong's personal stance on joining United has also been causing problems for the 13-time Premier League champions over the last few weeks. He has already revealed that he is more than happy at Barcelona and would prefer to stay in Spain than secure a move to England before the new Premier League campaign gets underway in early August. "I will not go into that," he told Algemeen Dagblad when quizzed on the possibility of a move to Old Trafford last month. "Not even about other names or clubs, I used to be naive and open-minded about it, I don’t do that anymore."I understand that that link is made. That sum is not that difficult, it is logical. I have enjoyed working with Ten Hag at Ajax and I can’t look into the future, of course, but I prefer to stay at Barcelona."That has always been my dream club and it still is. As long as I don’t hear from the club management, I assume nothing is going on." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.