Manchester United’s offer for Frenkie de Jong ‘has an expiration date’, according to reports. The Barcelona star is Erik ten Hag’s priority, with the 52-year-old believing his compatriot can be key to his Old Trafford rebuild. However, a deal to take the Netherlands international to the Premier League remains some way off. Manchester United have agreed to pay £63million for De Jong. Barcelona had originally been banking on receiving more but, with the La Liga giants now willing to accept a reduced fee, an arrangement suiting both parties has been struck. De Jong is now due to travel with Barcelona for their pre-season tour of the United States, however. And Catalan newspaper Sport, via SportWitness, has claimed United’s offer for the player ‘has an expiration date’. The Red Devils are continuing to insist De Jong is open to moving to the club, despite claims in Spain emerging saying the 25-year-old has no interest whatsoever. But it’s also stated Barcelona have been ‘piling on the pressure’ to ensure their No 21 departs. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings De Jong is said to be unhappy with his treatment of the club, especially given how he’s publicly insisted he’d be more than happy to stay. The Barcelona star believes he can be a key part of the team under Xavi. And that’s despite the club hoping to boost the chances of Pedri and Gavi developing into world-class midfielders in the future. De Jong hasn’t always operated at the highest level for Barcelona ever since his arrival from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Ernesto Valverde often struggled to get the best from the midfielder before he was relieved of his duties in January 2020. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Likewise Quique Setien, who actually failed to get the best from any Barcelona player throughout his short stint in the dugout. Under Ronald Koeman, De Jong was sometimes used in defence - regardless of the fact he’s one of the best midfielders in world football. And De Jong has continued to blow hot and cold under Xavi since the Spaniard was appointed as Koeman’s successor in November last year. Meanwhile, as United struggle to tie up a deal for their top target, Gabriel Agbonlahor has slammed the Red Devils for their current transfer issues. "If I had the choice to go to Manchester City or Liverpool before Manchester United, it would be a no-brainer," he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "But I’d also go to Chelsea before Manchester United and I’d choose Spurs now. “If I was a player now, and I had the choice to go to Spurs or Manchester United, I’m going to Spurs. "He’s like, ‘I might go but I’ll see how I feel. I’ll let you know in a month’. That’s what Manchester United have come to. It’s actually embarrassing for Manchester United fans. "They’ve become that club that players are like to their agent, ‘If I can go to Spurs I’ll go there but, if not, then gone then I’ll go to Man United. “I think that’s what it’s come to." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here If United do sign De Jong, he’d become their latest Dutch recruit. Jaap Stam was a huge hit upon moving in 1998, helping the club win the treble the following year. Ruud van Nistelrooy, Robin van Persie and Alexander Buttner all won the Premier League title at Old Trafford, while Edwin van der Sar won four of them. Daley Blind, Memphis Depay and Tim Fosu-Mensah all featured for the club under Louis van Gaal. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer gave Tahith Chong his debut, while also recruiting Donny van de Beek from Ajax two years ago.