Fran Healy, 49, of Travis fame, has taken to Twitter to tell fans that he was nearly the victim of a terrifying carjacking in downtown Los Angeles. He added that a “huge guy” attempted to pull the star out of the car window. The message was posted in full view of Fran’s 46,900 followers. He wrote: “Almost got carjacked inside the parking facility of my studio. Man! “That was close. Huge guy tried to pull me out my car window. Managed to get away. DTLA is mental.” He wrote a follow up post, making light of this situation. READ MORE: Kenneth More open on infidelity in marriage: 'I was a terrible flirt' Fran quipped: “Possible headline tomorrow ‘Fran Theft Auto’?” He also explained in a further post that he tried to “punch” the attacker. The star wrote: “As the adrenaline dissipates, my right hand is hurting like I punched a wall. “I hooked the guy really hard in the face a few times while he was all in my window. He didn’t flinch. Didn’t even register it. His fans were quick to jump on to the post and share their thoughts on the matter. @MarinaaNavy said: “Oh Fran I'm sorry you went through that. “I’m glad you're safe, it must  have been frightening…” @Babyarmyscot commented: “Oh my Fran I hope you are ok. DON'T MISS... James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST] Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] “What a horrible experience. Please take care x.” @Mattcooper85 wrote: “Glad to hear you are ok. That will live with you. “Nice to see you fought back, bought the Glasgee out of you.” @Usagicoulson said: “Dammit! What a shock!! Hope you are ok and your hand will be fine after an ice and some pain pills... “Could you file a complaint for that theft attempt? Keep safe Fran.” It wasn’t the first time Fran has had bad luck when out in public. Last year, the star was admitted to hospital after being mauled by a dachshund near his home in Hollywood Hills. He was attacked after he spotted the dog on the road following a three-car collision. Fran tried to pick up and save the dog which he said “would have been toast” but was bitten on the hand. The musician had to undergo surgery on his hand after the incident left him unable to play guitar.