Debbie (played by Sue Devaney) has been struggling with her spiralling debts on Coronation Street in recent weeks. ITV soap spoilers have revealed the character is set to reach her breaking point next week when she realises she cannot afford to settle with Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) following his accident at her hotel. Will a desperate Debbie commit insurance fraud in a bid to avoid bankruptcy?  Coronation Street fans will remember Ed got electrocuted while he was carrying out some work for The Bistro. Debbie has been trying to raise money for Ed following the incident, and in upcoming scenes, Ronnie Bailey (Vinta Morgan) suggests she runs themed nights at the cobbles venue. The businesswoman agrees and starts organising a psychic night and casino night. As she is putting up posters advertising the events, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) gives her a disapproving look. READ MORE: Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles As Debbie and Ronnie set up the bistro for the psychic night, Leanne worries they are just conning vulnerable people out of their hard-earned money. Debbie later admits to Ronnie the extent of her financial problems and feels she is left with two options - bankruptcy or an insurance scam. Ronnie tries to remain positive and assures Debbie it won't come to that. But when she later overhears Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) telling the psychic he is also skint, she hatches a dangerous plan.  Will she try to convince him to commit insurance fraud together to solve their financial problems? Could she over exaggerate her injuries if he hits her with his car in the hopes of getting greater compensation? If their dangerous plan fails, the pair could end up being jailed for fraud. Debbie actress Sue recently spoke to Digital Spy about the upcoming storyline for her troubled character. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kelly murders Gary in revenge twist  [EXCLUSIVE]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Shona Platt takes over Audrey's salon [THEORY] "She overhears Ryan telling the psychic he is skint and she comes up with this plan, which is going to take her down the sort of road Ray Crosby would have gone down," she explained. "It is sheer desperation and she has decided criminality is the only way forward. "As a businesswoman, she is used to having to tread on people's toes sometimes but this is extreme and can only end badly for them all. "In her mind, it is not hurting anyone, it is a victimless crime."  The actress hinted her character lives to regret the risky plan she has gone through with. Sue added: "She feels guilty because of what she has now stooped to doing. It was a spur-of-the-moment plan, not calculated. "I know that in the past she has probably sailed close to the wind before and got away with it, but she might not do this time." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 