Marcus Jeanton claims he and his family have faced "months of stress" after the council said it was going to build on land next to his home. The "land" includes a chunk of a garden they have been using since they moved into the property in 2002. The family also built a permanent gazebo and a specialist shed for their disabled daughter on the land, reports MyLondon. Marcus, from Longley Avenue, Wembley, has been left "confused" by the situation as he says all roads pointed to the garden being part of their home. He claims a 2009 letter from Brent Housing Partnership, which once managed Brent Council properties, referred to the space as "your garden".  As part of their "Right to Buy" application, two valuers included the space in their valuations. Their tenancy agreement also states they have exclusive use of the garden at the "side and rear". Brent Council has since insisted it is the rightful owner of the land and said this was recently ratified in court - a decision Marcus wants to contest. The council has since told Marcus he is "trespassing" and could face costs if he does not clear the space. Marcus said: "It’s been very stressful, and we just can’t understand how the council can say it’s their land. "They told us in 2009 that we had to better maintain the area as it had become overgrown. "We’ve done so ever since, putting in timber posts and fencing. Then we suddenly get this letter saying they want to build here and we’re left thinking ‘what’s going to happen to the garden?'" He said he has invited council representatives to visit so they can discuss the situation, but that his requests have been ignored. As well as the principle of the matter, the stress it has caused his family and the thousands spent in legal fees, Marcus wants to ensure his home is valued properly. The two-bedroom home is a bit of a squeeze with four growing children, and the family was told they could convert their living room into a third bedroom to deal with this. Instead, they plan to buy the property and convert the loft space. On top of this, they want to keep the garden for their children to enjoy and, if it comes to selling, ensure they get a fair price. Marcus added: "I just want to keep this as a nice place for my family and I to live in, and keep the garden we have built and were told is ours. "Going through the ‘Right to Buy’ process, applying for a mortgage, getting it approved, it can be stressful and time-consuming. "And to be told we would have to go through it all again and that we might lose access to the garden doesn't seem right. "It feels like our garden is being taken away and attached to another property the council is building because, legally, they have to have a garden."  The council has already bulldozed a set of garages in front of the disputed area. But Marcus claimed the workmen "didn’t feel comfortable" knocking down the gazebo area until the situation was fully cleared up. A Brent Council spokesperson said: "The disputed land is owned by the council and not by the residents of Longley Avenue. Their claim to it was dismissed by the courts only recently. "The space, when developed, will provide a much-needed four-bedroom council property, providing a family a safe, secure home."