Princess Victoria turned 45 yesterday and had many events planned, including a castle concert, a horse drawn carriage ride, and a new royal portrait. The Princess is the eldest daughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia and as the heir, the royal will be the first Queen of Sweden since 1720. She marked the occasion with her family by taking some photographs in the gardens of her summer residence, Solliden Palace. She was joined by her husband Prince Daniel alongside their two children, Princess Estelle, 10, and Prince Oscar, 6. Victoria wore a floral white dress for the special occasion and completed the look with white heeled sandals, a silver watch and hanging earrings. The Princess matched well with her husband Prince Daniel, who wore a beige suit and chalk blue tie.   Standing out in a colourful outfit was Queen Silvia, who wore a bright green dress with a yellow and pink floral design. The Royal Family spent the day listening to a children's choir perform for them. They later lead a procession in a horse drawn carriage ride through the city of Borgholm. The couple waved and smiled at passers-by as they made their way to Borgholm Castle. READ MORE: Charlene stuns at garden party as royal fans gush Princess Victoria had time on the special occasion to hand out the Victoria Award. This award is a special scholarship and it’s tradition for Princess Victoria to give it out to a fortunate Swedish athlete. This year, the award was given to Ebba Årsjö, an alpine skier. The athlete won two golden medals in Beijing this year at the 2022 Winter Paralympics. DON'T MISS:  Boris Johnson urges defeated Tories: 'Back anyone but Rishi!' [REPORT]Princess Charlene and Prince Albert celebrate milestone [INSIGHT]Heathrow boss ordered to tackle 'airmageddon' [REVEAL]  The crowned royal spent the later part of the day at Borgholms Castle, in order to spend more time with family members who could not be with her earlier that day. Princess Victoria’s siblings, Prince Carl Philip and sister Princess Madeleine joined the family for a castle concert. Famous Swedish singer Jonathan Johansson performed for the royal family and was also joined by other musicians such as Tomas Ledin, Tove Styrke, Janice and Victor Leksell.  