Alba is Netflix's latest original Spanish-language drama that has shot to the top of many most-watched lists around the world. With subscribers hooked to the intense 13-part limited series, it's no wonder questions are starting to arise regarding the show's shooting locations. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the filming of Alba. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Alba. Filming for Alba predominantly took place in Spain's Province of Alicante and Madrid in 2020. Work started on the drama in June with filming running for six months and wrapped up in December. Shooting of Alba was during the height of the coronavirus pandemic so strict health and safety rules had to be implemented. Since the Netflix series' release, some of its specific filming locations have been revealed. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Alba sees the titular character (played by Elena Rivera) return to her coastal hometown in Spain after studying in Madrid. The real-life location of the seaside town is the Spanish municipality Finestrat which is in Alicante. Finestrat has a small population of more than 6,000 residents and is next to the Puig Campana mountain. Another key location used is the Bol Nou Beach which is located east of Spain, near the town of Villajoyosa. Fans will also see Serra Gelada Natural Park, a cliffside preserve not too far away from Benidorm. The area is best known for its scenic walks which is unsurprising given how stunning it comes across on the small screen. Some scenes were shot in Madrid as well, the city where Alba was returning from. It may have just been a week since the drama's release date but many have already binge-watched all of its episodes. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew [ROYAL]Who plays Alba in the Netflix series? Meet Elena Rivera [CAST]Bridgerton season 3 plot, cast and teaser: Everything we know so far [EXPLAINER] Alba came out on Netflix on Friday, July 15, with every instalment coming out in one go. The drama was adapted from the 2010 Turkish television series Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne?, with the creators choosing to set it in Spain rather than Turkey. Alba delves into the story of the student who returned to her hometown, only to be drugged and raped by friends of her boyfriend. She has no recollection of the actual event taking place when she wakes up on a beach but there is physical evidence of rape. Alba is desperate to piece together what happened on the night and tries to convince the local police what happened. One of the men who attacked her is from a wealthy family with the power to hide what went on. As Alba tries to find out the truth, she is faced with many obstacles, lied to and blackmailed but she is not going to stop until she gets justice. Alba is available to watch on Netflix.