Wendy, who lives in a UK flat, has urged people to make sure that their electricity bills are correct, after she was hugely overcharged, reports the Irish Mirror. Sharing her story on Twitter, she said: “Please dispute your electricity bills. “I’ve disputed all of mine. Called multiple times and then my bill magically reduces to 40-50 percent.” She realised that she was being overcharged when she looked at her meter readings. Wendy said: “All this time they were charging me the same rate for a day when I provide both day and night readings. “The rate differs when you provide two readings. READ MORE: State pension payments could stop for thousands in months - act now  “They first sent me a bill which averaged £190 a month. I said it’s impossible. “After a few calls and investigations, it’s around £94.” Her tweet was liked by more than 120,000 people, with some asking her for advice on how to reduce their own bills. One consumer asked: "Can I have more details. What did you say? What did you notice?" DON'T MISS:Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list [REVEAL]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [GUIDE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [INSIGHT] Wendy replied: "Everyone’s situation is different but I felt like I was paying way more for someone who is living alone. I was even providing meter readings so they insisted it was accurate. "I had to get someone I knew with some knowledge to look into it and they discovered my tariff didn’t reflect the meter readings I was providing. “I learnt to just give meter readings every month and check that I’m on the correct tariff or it’s pointless.” Research from Cornwall Insights has predicted that the energy price cap is likely to hit £3,000 by January of next year. USwitch energy expert Rik Smith spoke to Express.co.uk about cost-cutting tips to help Britons reduce their energy bills. READ MORE: State Pension fail - if you make this mistake you will get NOTHING when you turn 66  He said that one way to cut bills is to reduce the temperature on washing machines and tumble dryers. Modern bio and non-bio washing powders work well, and Mr Smith said Britons could try doing a wash at 30C or even 20C. He said: “Tumble driers are equally big electricity users, often costing £1 per load of washing dried, so it’s easy to imagine how that can really add up over the course of a year. “As the warm weather has finally arrived, save money by drying your clothes on a washing line outside. “Alternatively, those of us who have dehumidifiers at home can use it to dry their clothes. “According to statistics from the Energy Savings Trust, a dehumidifier costs between three and nine pence per hour to run (depending on the wattage and litres of water it can extract) in comparison a tumble dryer can cost between 60p and £1.50 per cycle (depending on the style of machine). “So, even if you have the most economical tumble dryer, you could run your dehumidifier for six hours and still be saving money in comparison.” People may also want to consider lowering the temperature on their boiler. Mr Smith said that setting the flow temperature on a boiler and hot water cylinder to a few degrees over 60C should be enough for heating and hot water.