Ukrainian forces were able to snatch Snake Island back from the Kremlin’s grasp following a campaign of sustained attacks on the Russian forces stationed in the area. Zmiinyi Island, more commonly known as Snake Island, was captured by Vladimir Putin’s military in the early days of the war after the area was surrounded and attacked by Russian navy warships. The Ukrainian military bombarded the Russian-occupied island with a series of continued attacks, destroying a huge amount of Moscow’s military equipment and eventually forcing the Russian soldiers to withdraw from the territory on Thursday. New video footage from Ukraine has provided insight into President Zelensky’s campaign to push Russian forces out of Ukrainian territory as Kremlin supplies on Snake Island are shown to be obliterated in a calculated missile strike.    In the video clip, a Russian military vehicle is shown stationed on a jetty as a drone moves in from above, identifying the vehicle as a target. Seconds later, there is a huge explosion as the military supplies erupt into a fiery blaze and a series of several additional explosions follow. Aerial footage shows the fire continuing to burn, with smoke billowing high into the sky, as the drone steadily retreats. Before the aircraft is out of range, a second huge explosion rips through the jetty, scattering debris into the surrounding sea. The weapon used in the attack has been identified as a Bayraktar TB2, a medium-altitude, long-endurance unmanned combat vehicle. The Turkish-made system is capable of autonomous flight, but can also be controlled by ground units who are able to identify and attack desired targets The Ukrainian military explained they were forced to take action after Russian soldiers abandoned their equipment on Snake Island as part of the panicked evacuation. Speaking on the Telegram messaging platform, the Commander-in-Chief of the Ukrainian Armed Forces said the strike in the video showed Ukrainian efforts to destroy traces of Russian occupation. Read more: Putin nightmare as huge Moscow tower block catches fire Valerii Zaluzhnyi said: “With yesterday’s airstrikes, the Russians tried to destroy their equipment, weapons and property on Snake Island. “However, traditionally, they did not cope with the task.” General Zaluzhnya continued: “We ‘helped’ the invaders to finally evacuate the remnants of their garrison from our island. “It doesn't smell like the ‘Russian spirit’ anymore.” Don't miss: Russia accuses Ukraine of launching 'deliberate cluster strike’ [REPORT]Putin under pressure as Kremlin growing 'upset' over sanctions [INSIGHT]Ukraine death toll: Numbers could be far higher than thought [ANALYSIS] The Russian military were forced to withdraw from the island on Thursday, after occupying the Ukrainian territory for over four months. Moscow claimed the withdrawal of military personnel was a gesture of goodwill,” as the Russian forces had completed their military objectives within the area. The Kremlin also branded the Russian retreat from Kyiv a goodwill gesture, after the attempt to besiege the capital of Ukraine failed dramatically. Sergey Lavrov, Russia’s Foreign Minister, has previously argued that Moscow’s goodwill gestures have gone unappreciated by President Zelensky, especially after Russian forces withdrew from Chernihiv and Kyiv. Read next: Liz Truss pledges UK will support Ukraine 'for the long-haul'Russia makes ‘significant’ advance in Ukraine warMI6 ramps up bid to free captured Britons as two more face show trialsRussia needs 'to reconstitute military' to take over whole of UkraineRussia on brink of caving on peace talks as 'deep freeze' war looms