Your diet, however, is powerful as it can influence how much cholesterol is left to settle along blood vessel walls, or how much is transported back to the liver to be broken down and excreted from the body. One fruit, native to the southern region of Italy, could help to lower the amount of "bad" cholesterol. There are two main types of cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL). LDL cholesterol contributes to the fatty build-up in the blood vessels, which is why it is considered "bad" cholesterol. On the other hand, HDL cholesterol picks up excessive amounts of LDL cholesterol and transports it to the liver so that it can be broken down and excreted from the body. "But HDL cholesterol doesn't completely eliminate LDL cholesterol," the American Heart Association (AHA) noted. "Only one-third to one-fourth of blood cholesterol is carried by HDL." READ MORE: Eyesight: Drink enjoyed by billions could be linked to 'leading' cause of blindness  One research paper, printed by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago, noted that bergamot "can reduce total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol". The citrus fruit contains phytochemicals, such as brutieridin and melitidin. Prior evidence demonstrates that "bergamot can alter the function of AMPK and pancreatic cholesterol ester hydrolase (pCEH)". Furthermore, multiple clinical trials have "consistently shown that it is well tolerated in studies ranging from 30 days to 12 weeks". Bergamot also contains flavonoids, such as neohesperidin and naringin, which "can bind with an enzyme called HMG-CoA reductase", according to Medical News Today. The health site explained: "This enzyme is involved in the production of cholesterol. "Binding to it can interrupt cholesterol production and may reduce cholesterol levels. "This process is similar to the function of statins, a medication that aims to lower LDL." While current research is promising, a person's overall diet is key in whether cholesterol levels are well managed or not. The charity Live To The Beat urges people to first get their cholesterol levels checked. You can do this by requesting a blood cholesterol test from your doctor. "The key to managing cholesterol is boosting good cholesterol and lowering bad cholesterol," the charity stated. This is made possible by choosing fibre-rich foods and minimising how much saturated fat you eat. "Small changes can make a huge difference over time," the charity assured. Saturated fats to limit: Eating too much saturated fat raises bad cholesterol; instead, focus on eating unsaturated fats. Unsaturated fats to enjoy: