Despite their strong public stance regarding Cristiano Ronaldo's future at the club, Manchester United could be happy to let him leave this summer with the Erik ten Hag era now in full swing. And Chelsea are one of a few suitors interested in securing a sensational deal for the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. On Monday, The Athletic reported Chelsea are considering a move for Ronaldo after he informed United of his desire to depart just one year into his two-year contract. New Blues owner Todd Boehly recently discussed the 37-year-old striker with agent Jorge Mendes and is keen to back Thomas Tuchel in his first transfer window. Following reports last week revealing Ronaldo's intention to leave Old Trafford for a second time, United quickly insisted he wasn't for sale. However, according to ESPN, the Red Devils would be open to offloading him and his £500,000-a-week salary package this summer. Chelsea's hopes are slim, though, with the club considering a Stamford Bridge switch 'unpalatable' and only willing to let him join an interested party outside of the Premier League. The Blues are considered direct rivals in Ten Hag's bid to return United to the Champions League via a top-four finish next season. JUST IN: Leeds close in on Luis Sinisterra transfer from Feyenoord The report adds that there is an acceptance at United that getting Ronaldo off their books would help accelerate Ten Hag's rebuild in M16. His absence would free up around £25million annually in wages and afford the Dutchman to recruit a striker more suited to the play style he's currently drilling into his new squad in pre-season training. Ronaldo was due to return to Carrington on Monday but failed to show up, citing family reasons, amid his desire to play the remaining years of his stellar career in the Champions League. So it seems unlikely that he'll be with Ten Hag and Co. when they fly to Bangkok on Friday to begin their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. READ MORE: Arteta sends message to Arsenal transfer chiefs as Jesus signing made United should have two new faces through the door by that time, with 22-year-old left-back Tyrell Malacia expected to be announced as the club's first summer signing on Monday. Christian Eriksen has also verbally agreed to sign a three-year contract and will imminently join on a free transfer. But if Ronaldo departs, a worthy replacement would be crucial to ensure Ten Hag isn't short of options throughout a hectic 2022-23 campaign, intensified by the winter World Cup and Europa League football. Along with United's continued pursuit of primary target Frenkie de Jong, it's bound to be a busy next couple of months.