Fraudsters are impersonating celebrities in a bid to deceive Britons and take their hard earned cash. These criminals post adverts on social media as a celebrity and offer users a legitimate investment opportunity. As a result the victims can lose thousands as they believe they are sending the money to a trusted public figure. Fake cryptocurrency ads are the most popular type of scams that use images of celebrities to endorse false money-making schemes. For the second year NatWest has released the annual NatWest Celeb Scam Super League table featuring the highest value fraud cases where celebrities have been unknowingly exploited by criminals and members of the public left with losses totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds. Scams featuring images of Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield topped the league with one victim losing over £370,000 to a cryptocurrency investment scam which impersonated the celebs. READ MORE: Carers risk losing £279 a month by claiming certain benefits - check now  Stuart Skinner, NatWest’s scam expert said: “Fraud is surging in the UK, the most powerful tool we all have in defeating these criminals is knowledge. “In knowing that criminals are exploiting the images of celebrities we can all take steps to protect ourselves.” He urged people to take five minutes to consider how likely an ad promising large profit, high rates of return and/or offering to help you invest in cryptocurrency is to be a scam. He added: “If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.” READ MORE: Britons could slash energy bills by £1,800 a year with three changes NatWest reported that the top seven highest-value scam cases all involved cryptocurrency investments. This type of investment isn't regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the same way as other investments, and therefore your money isn’t protected by the UK’s Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) should something go wrong. On their website they explain that scammers are capitalising on the growing attention cryptocurrency is attracting, by offering fake investments that don’t really exist or aren’t worth the money. It says: “Investment scams are one of the many ways criminals try and steal your money. “They try to convince you to invest in a scheme, shares, or commodities, which either don’t exist or aren’t worth the money paid for them. These scams are becoming increasingly common and can take a variety of forms, so it's really important you know how to spot them.” By advertising on social media – sometimes using fake endorsements and images of celebrities or public figures – scammers can promote these investment opportunities. The ads link to professional-looking websites to persuade people to invest using cryptocurrencies or traditional currencies. They state: “Scammers can manipulate software to distort prices and investment returns and may even scam people into buying non-existent crypto-assets. “The firms operating these scams are usually based outside the UK but will claim to have a UK presence. You should always have sole control of your cryptocurrency ‘wallet’ and nobody else should have access. “If you didn’t set the wallet up yourself or can’t access the money there this is likely to be a scam. You should stop making payments right away and get in touch with us.” They warned that before making any investments using cryptocurrency, Britons should always make sure they understand everything completely and they’re only using money they could afford to lose.