Lesley Jones has previously opened up about returning to her role as Dorien Green after the Christmas Special back in 2020. Starring alongside Loose Women panellist Linda Robson, the pair have entertained the nation since 1988. However, Lesley has since revealed she has refused to play Dorien on a Zimmer frame. The BBC One show aired between 1988 and 1998 before it returned in 2014 to rival broadcaster ITV, running through until Christmas 2020. Speaking about whether there would be any more episodes of the iconic show, she told Metro.co.uk: "I don't want to see Dorien on a Zimmer frame, so bless her heart. "I think I've laid her to rest now. It was a phenomenal series, and people still adore it – I can't tell you how many letters I get from people about it, and there's only a handful of sitcoms that have success like that." Lesley also revealed she had held onto some of Dorien's clothes and admitted: "I've kept half of them. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "I will admit to still wearing a lot of them. She had amazing clothes, so if I'm going somewhere fancy, they're perfect." She previously spoke to ITV host Lorraine Kelly about her return to the character after the presenter hoped the series would make a return. In an interview after the Christmas special, Lesley exclaimed: "I would love it to come back! "The only thing about doing Dorien is you do have to keep your weight very much in control, I've kept all her [Dorien] clothes... or nearly all. "They were all wonderful designer clothes – had to buy them – but some of them are so thin I can't quite get in them again! But I'd love to." Prior to her interview with Lorraine, Lesley also admitted it was tough to play Dorien because of how skinny she was. She joked about how difficult it was to lose weight, "especially when you've had Victoria sponge the whole of lockdown. "As Dorien, you could never eat that!" she laughed at the RHS Hampton Court Palace Garden Festival Preview Day. DON'T MISS...'Load of s***' Linda Robson addresses Pauline Quirke 'rift' [INSIGHT]Lesley Joseph health: Star says exercise is the 'secret of ageing' [LATEST]Linda Robson and Lesley Joseph's co-star in swipe about their acting [WATCH] Since hanging up her role as Dorien, Lesley has since moved on to a new character, miles away from the personality traits of Dorien. Lesley will be starring in the West End show Sister Act and playing the role of Sister Mary Lazarus and Mother Superior. She explained: "I'm actually playing two characters. In London, I'm Sister Mary Lazarus, who is one of the nuns. "She's the choir mistress and quite chippy and grumpy. Jennifer Saunders is playing Mother Superior, who looks after everybody. "Then, on tour, I'm Mother Superior, so I have to learn two parts. I don't think I've ever rapped in my life before this! It's my rapping debut." Lesley compared the two characters in Sister Act to Dorien and exclaimed they "couldn't be more different". "Dorien was only a part of my career. Dorien is the one role people pick up on. "In the beginning, more than 20 million people watched the show – we can't imagine those figures now. She was iconic." Sister Act The Musical is at London's Eventim Apollo and on tour in the UK and Ireland.