The songstress’ biographical 2015 documentary, Dolly Parton: The Queen of Country, airs on Saturday on Channel 5, which reveals her rise to fame in the music industry. But she has done far more than sing to build her fortune – Dolly’s influence as a businesswoman is almost as profound as her chart-topping hits.   In 1998, Nashville Business named Dolly as the wealthiest country music star at the height of her fame. While her fame has since subsided slightly, Dolly is currently the fourth richest country singer in the world, falling short of Shania Twain, Garth Brooks and Toby Keith. Her current net worth is estimated around $350million (£295million), but not all of it has been from her own music. Dolly is a prolific songwriter, having been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2001 and claiming to have written at least 3,000 songs by 2003. Though it is not always Dolly laying the vocals, she has notably written songs for the likes of Tina Turner and has done music for several film projects as well. READ MORE: James Bond death secrets: The inside story of filming No Time To Die's explosive ending  She has also written a score for a musical, 9 to 5: The Musical, which takes her iconic feature film from 1980 to the stage. Outside of music, Dolly has been known to invest her earnings in business ventures in East Tennessee. She is also the co-owner of The Dollywood Company and was a former co-owner of Sandollar Productions. The production company would create the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and films like Father of the Bride. While Dolly’s music catalogue has earned her a fair share of millions, The Dollywood Company and its theme park Dollywood is her largest asset.  The park receives millions of visitors every year and while she does not own it outright, her portion reaps a pretty bit of income All of this has also been accompanied by her acting career, with Dolly’s role in music gaining so much recognition she has done multiple cameos as herself in film and TV. Dolly has attributed her great successes across all of these industries to a single piece of advice her mother gave her: “Always keep something back for you.” Dolly has since explained that she interpreted this to mean that one’s own financial, emotional and physical needs should be met first before they can help others. On the podcast The Kelleigh Bannen Show, Dolly shared: “You can give what you’ve got, but don’t give it all away.”    /entertainment/music/1633429/elvis-presley-priscilla-presley-move-graceland  She has noted that this steadfast belief has led her not just to financial freedom but also personal fulfilment throughout her career. The advice helped Dolly to stick by her morals and ideas before she grew to international stardom. When she was just starting out she claimed people said she should “change her look” if she wanted to be taken seriously. The star’s confidence in herself helped her create her unique stage presence and iconic imagery that is now immediately recognisable.  She also maintains full ownership of publishing rights for her songs, with the exception of a small few tracks. Forbes estimates that her current music catalogue is worth around $150million (£126million). Dolly still stands determined to give as much as she can and has become a notable philanthropist, donating millions to valuable causes. Dolly Parton: The Queen of Country airs on Channel 5 at 8pm on Saturday, July 16.