 The wedding between Mike and Zara Tindall brought royal enthusiasts and sports fans together in celebration in 2011 and the couple enjoyed their 11th wedding anniversary yesterday. However, behind-the-scenes Mike had refused a royal request by his soon-to-be mother-in-law Princess Anne.  The former sports star had been playing rugby professionally since the age of 18, leaving him with a fair share of battle scars to account for his days on the pitch. Prior to the wedding, the mother of the bride Princess Anne set down a demand for Mike, which he refused to go ahead with. She had asked him to get a nose job before the wedding day, a request which Mike revealed only months after his nuptials. Over his years as a rugby player, it is believed that Mike broke his nose at least eight times, leaving it slightly crooked and scarred. READ MORE: Meghan 'used wedding to build career' as father 'knew guests better than her', says Bower  When he revealed the request, Mike noted it was “light-hearted” and not “a big deal”. He also added jokingly: “Look at my nose - can you blame her?” At the time of the wedding, Mike was still an avid rugby player and reportedly did not undergo the requested procedure as it may have interfered with his training. Although he did not have surgery on his nose before the big day, he did allegedly have his teeth straightened in time. Gloucestershire Live reported that Mike unintentionally started a trend as dentists find more men coming forward for the procedure.     The groom wore discreet braces, which went unnoticed as his bride stunned onlookers in her ivory dress. Years later, shortly before Prince Harry’s marriage to Meghan Markle, Mike would have corrective surgery for his nose. This was only once he had retired from his professional sports career. Mike is not the only sports fanatic in his home, as Zara would go on to win a silver medal at the Olympics barely a year after their wedding.  The pair now share their Gloucestershire home with their three children, Mia, seven, Lena, three and Lucas, one. Mike and Zara had originally been introduced by Prince Harry during the Rugby World Cup in 2003 in Australia which saw England walking away with the title. Zara is the Queen’s granddaughter and 21st in line for the throne, however, she does not have an official royal title. Princess Anne chose not to give both Zara and her brother Peter Phillips a royal title when they were born. Zara has since commented she felt “lucky” her mother had made that decision as it enabled her to have a more normal childhood.  However, as the number of working members of the Firm grows scarce, it is believed that Zara could be called upon to take over some royal duties if the need arises. Royal author Brian Hoey told Express.co.uk that Zara is “extremely popular” with members of the Firm. Specifically, the mum-of-three has a good relationship with Prince Charles and gets along well with her cousins Prince William and Prince Harry. Hoey concluded: “If there is a vacancy, she would be the right person to do it."