With a net worth of $80million (£66million), it’s hardly surprising that the English actor Sir Michael Caine has owned a plethora of beautiful properties. The actor and author made his breakthrough in the 1960s and has featured in famous films The Italian Job and Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy. Sir Michael has been married to his wife Lady Shakira Baksh since 1973. The couple, who were married in Las Vegas, have one daughter and have lived in a plethora of stunning homes since being together. So where has the English actor lived over the years? This 17th-century property was once the home of Sir Michael and his wife and was put on the market for £6.95million in 2020. The home has a pool, sauna and spa which can be seen beneath a vaulted ceiling. The Grade-II listed home is also located just 200 years from the River Thames which means it has stunning views. READ MORE: 'Eliminate' streaks from outside windows with white vinegar wash There’s also plenty of space in the home with four bathrooms, six reception rooms, a library, a study, a cinema room and an incredible kitchen and breakfast room. Some of the most incredible period features in the house include vaulted ceilings, large windows, wooden panelling, original stone and wooden beams. There’s also a separate cottage in the property which has a sitting room, two bedrooms and a bathroom. The property also benefits from beautiful grounds which includes a cut flower garden, an orchard, large open areas of lawn, ponds, a lake, tennis court and lime walk. DON'T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Lynsey TV Queen of Clean's carpet cleaner is on sale [INSIGHT]Remove limescale from bathroom taps in 5 mins with no scrubbing [UPDATE]How to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [ANALYSIS] Sir Michael sold his seven-bedroom home in Surrey earlier this year for £3.5million after putting it on the market in 2019. The 89-year-old had to cut the price by £250,000 last year. The home is located in Leatherhead and was the home of Sir Michael for 22 years who bought the property for £1million in 1999. The 12,000 square foot property comes with a barn conversion. The eight-acre estate is known as Keston Lodge and includes an indoor pool, hot tub and separate two-bedroom cottage. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Chelsea Harbour is a contemporary mixed-use development situated in the Sands End area along Chelsea Creek. The area is along the historic southeastern boundary of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. It’s thought Sir Michael still owns his flat in Chelsea Harbour. The area has been home to a number of celebrities over the years including Robbie Williams, Sir Elton John and Grace Jones. Sir Michael put his four-bedroom home in Albion Close, Hyde Park on the market for £5million.  The home is located on a cobbled street and was home to Sir Michael during the 1960s. The property is one of just 12 homes on the street and has two reception rooms, a state-of-the-art kitchen and four ensuite bedrooms. The actor also previously had a home in South Beach, Miami which he sold for $7.45million (£6.15million) in 2018. The 4,154 square foot condo saw the actor make a $4million profit. The home has four bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms and a screening room.