Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, has had a style evolution during her time as a working royal. During the late 1990s and early 2000s, Sophie would wear bright and colourful dresses that got mixed reviews from fashion commentators. Nowadays, she chooses a lot of pale pink outfits which seems to be one of the Countess’ favourite colours.  The Countess is also rarely seen without her Sophie Habsburg bag, of which she has many different designs. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why the Countess opts for certain brands for her go-to accessories? Daena suggested: “Much like many royals including the Queen, Sophie loves many brands that she regularly turns to. “A lot of her go-to handbags are by the Rome-based designer, Sophie Habsburg.  “The bags and clutches from the bohemian designer often serve as Sophie’s ‘extra something’, to contrast her classic looks.” Which other royal enjoys carrying Sophie Habsburg bags? The expert continued: “The Countess' daughter, Lady Louise, too, has been inspired by mum Sophie’s style. “The duo carried matching Sophie Habsburg clutches to the Platinum Jubilee service of thanksgiving at St. Paul's.   “Sophie Habsburg’s bags experiment with unusual materials such as straw and raffia and also include elements of ethnic embroidery, leather fringe and ikat fabric. “These designs may perhaps be too unconventional for other British royal women. “But the kooky prints match the Countess of Wessex’s unpretentious vibe.” What is Sophie’s go-style?  READ MORE: Sophie was 'relief' for Queen as Countess knew 'how to handle Philip' Daena said: “Sophie, Countess of Wessex is one royal lady that always appears stylish and comfortable. “It is evident that she understands the colours and cuts that work for her and that’s why she always appears so effortlessly chic. “She always complements her classic, tailored taste in clothing by adding her own idiosyncratic spin of that extra something. “This includes an unusual necklace, eye-catching earrings or a bohemian print.  “Sophie is a big fan of unique headpieces, belted waist silhouettes and flared skirts on formal occasions,” Daena noted. Why does Sophie love the colour pink? The expert added: “Sophie’s wardrobe has a dress in nearly every shade of pink that exists, from blush pink to bright fuchsia, with hats to complement every single shade of pink in her wardrobe. “The reason being that the colour pink does wonders to bring out Sophie’s glowing complexion.” 