Three is running a big sale on its 5G home broadband which slashes the price in half. The mobile operator's 5G home broadband package usually costs £20 a month, but right now you can get this for £10 a month for the first six months of your contract. This is the best price Three's 5G home broadband has ever been with the previous best deal £11 a month. As the name suggests, Three's 5G home broadband is powered by the same 5G network it uses for its mobile plans. In theory, you'll be able to get lightning-fast download speeds of up to 1Gbps with the Three 5G home broadband hub. Three says this plan is ideal for 4K streaming, super fast speeds and near-instant downloads. Three also offers a 30-day money back guarantee on the plan that offers unlimited downloads. One of the best things about Three's 5G home broadband is - because it's powered by the operator's mobile network - you won't need to worry about getting an engineer over, or needing to have a landline. Three's 5G home broadband offers a simple plug and play set up, and if you order before 8pm you'll get free next day working delivery. Speaking about its 5G broadband offering, Three said: "5G Home Broadband gives you faster speeds for heavier streaming. It also means you get less lag for your gaming and increased capacity for multiple users. It’s perfect for busy homes with lots of screen time going on." Three has also slashed the prices of its 4G Plus and 4G Home Broadband Hub, but these - like the 5G broadband - are all available for £10 a month. These plans run for 24 months, but Three does have one month rolling contracts available on its 5G Home Broadband Hub. If you're not after home broadband then Three also has other great money-saving deals running right now on mobile packages. All 24 month SIM-only plans have been cut in half for the first six months, with an Unlimited data plan available for £11.50 a month. While other deals Three are running right now include a £200 gift card that is given away when anyone switches network and gets an iPhone 13 or a £250 when they switch and get a Samsung Galaxy S22 phone.