Boris Johnson’s rule over the UK lies in tatters tonight as mutinous ministers and aides resign in droves. Elected to govern with a mega majority in 2019, British political history has hardly seen a fall from grace for a serving Prime Minister as spectacular as this one since the demise of Margaret Thatcher’s Government in 1990. But few actually know that Boris isn’t the Prime Minister’s real name. Mr Johnson’s first name is actually Alexander, and his full name is Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson. The Pfeffel name comes from the House of Pfeffel, a Bavarian-German noble family. Mr Johnson’s great grandfather was Christian Hubert Theodor Marie Karl von Pfeffel (born 1843 in Munich, died 1922), and his great grandmother was Hélène Arnous de Rivière, a Frenchwoman. READ MORE: I adored Boris but it’s over, says CAROLE MALONE His two siblings, Jo and Rachel Johnson, did not retain the de Pfeffel element of the name, for reasons unknown. His father Stanley also does not retain the Pfeffel name. Stanley Johnson was the conservative MEP for Wight and Hampshire East from 1979 to 1984. He later gained notoriety after he won over the nation after his appearance on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2018. He has also been in contention with his son in recent years, having opposed Britain leaving the EU, and even securing a French passport prior to the Brexit deadline. Boris Johnson was born on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City, on June 19, 1964. He was raised by his father Stanley Johnson and his mother Charlotte Fawcett, who died in September 2021. The family moved between the USA, Belgium and the UK throughout his childhood before settling in North London. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson will NOT resign as 'defiant' PM snubs Cabinet's demands [INSIGHT]Battle for Downing Street: Sunak and Mordaunt fight to be PM [ANALYSIS]Will there be a general election? Boris on brink [EXPLAINER] He attended Ashdown House, a boarding school in East Sussex, and while in Belgium he attended the European School in Brussels, before boarding at Eton College in his secondary school years. None of Mr Johnson’s family have publicly declared support for him as a slew of his party turns on him. Mr Johnson has not yet bowed to the pressure of his party, despite the resignation of more than 40 Government ministers since Tuesday afternoon. A Number 10 source told the BBC Mr Johnson is ”continuing to focus on delivering for the public" and addressing the "hugely important issues facing the country". Among his allies, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries and Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg all remained supportive of Mr Johnson. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab also remained loyal to Mr Johnson and defended him at a session of the backbench 1922 Committee. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is also thought to be sticking with the Prime Minister despite not making a public declaration in his favour. Home Secretary Priti Patel, Transport Secretary Grant Schapps, and Welsh Secretary Simon Hart have all urged the Prime Minister to quit this evening.