Dolly Parton’s sister Stella, 75, has responded to a headline about herself, sticking by her defence of Meghan Markle amid the “snooty behaviour” of the Royal Family. Stella also hit out at Meghan’s sister Samantha on Twitter. Stella, who also is a country star like her Jolene singer sister, tweeted an article from Showbiz CheatSheet. The headline was: “Dolly Parton’s Sister, Stella, Defends Meghan Markle Saying She’s Glad the Duchess and Harry Got Away.” To this, Stella replied: “Yes, I said it and I think more people should speak out when they see phony [sic] people in high places thinking their snooty behavior is ok. “I also think it’s very telling of Meghan’s sister to change her name back to Markle then use it to trash her little half sister.” READ MORE: Linda Nolan stuns in wedding look as nephew Shane Roche ties the knot Some of her 128.7k followers got involved in the debate. Jo wrote: “Meghan has more class and intelligence than anyone in that family she married into! Period!” Susan added: “Absolutely agree. Harry knew how badly his wife was being treated by the family and got her away from them. “Now they are happy and it drives people crazy.” “I’m in U.K. I really miss them but happy that #PrinceHarry took his family to safety,” typed Carol. Stella was referring to claims Meghan and Harry made in their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, as well as Samantha Markle’s lawsuit against her former Suits star sister. Samantha filed a defamation lawsuit against the Duchess of Sussex in March over the Oprah interview. Meghan was alleged to have lied about her family, and was accused by Samatha of making up stories about growing up in "virtual poverty” - something she denies. DON'T MISS...'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [ADMISSION]Lily James, 33, looks unrecognisable in stunning gothic transformation [PICTURES]Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz's gesture to 'protect their marriage' [INSIGHT] Meghan has accused her sister of changing her surname from Grant to Markle at the same time she began her romance with Prince Harry - though Samantha says she changed her name long before that. Samantha has publicly hit out at Meghan several times, criticising her for ending her relationship with her dad, Thomas Markle. Meghan is said to have cut ties with Thomas after he courted paparazzi in the lead up to her wedding. Last month, Stella said she was glad Prince Harry and Meghan had escaped and said that in her opinion, “jealous” royals treated them like “outcasts”. She tweeted: “I don't blame Harry for manning up and getting his family away.” “Harry committed a Cardinal sin, he married a mixed race, beautiful, American woman.” Stella is the younger sister of country legend Dolly, 76, and has also released music with great success. Her most famous track is I Want to Hold You in My Dreams Tonight, released in 1975.