Cristiano Ronaldo has bitten back at Atletico Madrid fans who strongly opposed his summer transfer during a pre-season game earlier this week. The wantaway Manchester United forward has taken to social media to react to a banner brutally rejecting his potential return to the Spanish capital. On Wednesday, Atletico stepped up their pre-season preparations with a 4-0 win at fourth-tier Spanish opposition Numancia. And there was a lively atmosphere in the away end amid rumours surrounding what would be one of the most controversial transfers in La Liga history. Supporters present unveiled numerous banners strongly indicating their disapproval of links to Ronaldo, given his mass success at bitter rivals Real Madrid and previous animosity towards the club. The most noticeable in the area stated: 'CR7 NOT WELCOME.' And Ronaldo, who is still attempting to engineer a United exit to play Champions League football, has reacted on social. Amongst the comments of an Instagram post showing the Atleti fans revolting against his potential switch, the 37-year-old showcased his amusement by typing four 'crying laughter' emojis'. JUST IN: Liverpool told why Jude Bellingham deal must happen this summer Ronaldo returned to Carrington this week and has trained with Erik ten Hag's squad for the first time as he gears up for the new season. But on Tuesday, he arrived alongside Jorge Mendes and is understood to have informed United again of his desire to depart before the September 1 transfer deadline. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner held a meeting with club figures where he discussed his future, but they continue to strictly maintain the stance that he isn't for sale. A lack of high-profile interest has seemingly helped their cause, with the only offer Ronaldo has received so far from Saudi Arabia. He rejected a two-year contract worth over £200m due to his eagerness to continue his Champions League legacy in Europe. READ MORE: Ronaldo ‘would join Liverpool if he could’ amid Man Utd exit stance  United will stage their final two pre-season games this weekend, one week before 2022/23 kicks off at home to Brighton & Hove Albion in the Premier League. On Saturday, Ten Hag takes his side to Oslo to face none other than Atletico, where their fans will no doubt take the opportunity to act against Ronaldo's links to the club once again. The Dutchman will then be welcomed by supporters at Old Trafford for the first time a day later against Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo could feature in either fixture, considering he is yet to feature in pre-season and needs a boost in match sharpness regardless of where he'll be playing for the remainder of the campaign. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt