Former British No 1 Johanna Konta feels Katie Boulter is set for a "special moment" on Saturday when she competes in her Wimbledon third round match against Serena Williams conqueror Harmony Tan. Boulter is enjoying her best-ever run at a Grand Slam in this year's Championships after her sensational comeback win over Karolina Pliskova. The world No 118 had beaten Pliskova the week prior at Eastbourne, but rose to the occasion on Centre Court to set up a fascinating tie against Tan. Her run comes just a few years after she suffered a potentially career-ending injury as part of Great Britain's Fed Cup team back in 2019. Before that, Boulter was diagnosed with chronic fatigue as a teenager which left her bedridden. The spinal stress fracture combined with her chronic fatigue meant rehabilitation was a long and arduous process. But Boulter has seemingly put her injury woes behind her this week, culminating in her attracting the spotlight after her win over Pliskova. Konta, who announced her retirement from tennis at the age of 30 back in December, played alongside Boulter in the Fed Cup back in 2019. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios the centre of more controversy at Wimbledon after fine  And she couldn't be happier for her compatriot for being in a healthy place right now and achieving a career-best performance at a slam. "That's really good obviously, a great win for her so I'm very, very pleased and excited for her," Konta told Express Sport. "This is the first time that she's reached the third round of a slam so it's going to be a very special moment for her. But she has been someone who has struggled with injuries so I'm just really happy for her that she's healthy, her body is healthy and she's able to put some good wins together and hopefully long may that continue." Boulter broke down in tears on court after he win over Pliskova when she dedicated the victory to her late grandmother, who passed away earlier this week. Konta felt for the 25-year-old and was happy to see her former Fed Cup team-mate come through a difficult situation. DON'T MISS  "Of course that's a tough loss and a very personal situation and every single athlete will have their own personal situations," she added. "100 per cent it obviously meant a lot to her this win and obviously she had those things happening personally with her family and it's nice to see her being able to be healthy and competing coming through a tough match today." Boulter now has a strong chance of progressing even further at Wimbledon when she takes on Tan. The French tennis star made headlines earlier this week when she ended Williams' comeback on Centre Court in an epic three-hour contest. She followed that up with an impressive victory over Sara Sorribes Tormo, but this too will be her first ever third-round match in a major. Samsung’s new premium TV range – including Samsung Neo QLED TVs – features Multi View and with this, users can play their mobile content alongside the TV programme, all at once on the same screen. Individuals can simply cast their screen to the TV with screen mirroring to split the big TV screen2 so that they can keep an eye on one sport whilst following another at the same time. For more information on Samsung TV’s range and Multi View, please visit: https://www.samsung.com/uk/tvs/smart-tv/multi-view/