With news of fuel prices topping £100 to fill an average family car this week, millions of Britons are facing pain at the pumps, looking to make savings where they can. Carmoola - a new car financing service - has made a shortlist of the top five fuel-efficient family cars you should know about to help you narrow down the best ones that will suit your family’s needs. Aidan Rushby, CEO, said: “When buying a car, it’s important to know its MPG or miles per gallon. “By knowing the mpg of a car, you’ll have an idea about how fuel-efficient it is, how much you might need to spend on petrol or diesel, and whether you should opt for an electric or hybrid car instead. “MGPs can also help you compare different family cars so you can calculate and budget for fuel expenses. “This is easier if you also know your average mileage. With a bit of computation, you’ll be able to know which family car is the most practical one for your driving needs.” READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits Peugeot 308 SW (Petrol)This family hatchback can return an impressive 54.9mpg. It’s impressive because the 308 SW has a petrol engine and not a mild-hybrid car, meaning there’s no electric motor to give it assistance and reduce its fuel consumption. While the Peugeot 308 SW doesn’t have a very powerful engine, it can produce 108bhp and 205Nm of torque, so you can expect power in reserve for your driving needs. DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] Volkswagen Golf (Petrol)If you choose the latest generation of the VW Golf, you’ll get a 1.0-litre mild-hybrid petrol engine. It’s comparable to the Skoda Octavia and the Audi A3, and with a return of 54.3mpg, it can match the Peugeot 308 SW. The engine is decent and sufficient with its 108 bhp and 200Nm of torque, plus it can go from zero to 60mph in just 10.2 seconds. Ford Focus (Diesel)To get the best fuel economy for frequent long-distance driving, you can opt for the 1.5-litre diesel-engined Ford Focus.The most fuel-efficient petrol and hybrid versions of the Ford Focus can return up to 51.4mph and 56.5mpg respectively, the diesel version has 118bhp and can return 67.3mpg. With 300Nm of torque, this car has good power. Skoda Octavia (Diesel)The Octavia hatchback has the same reputation as its petrol-engined counterpart in terms of being fuel-efficient.It has a 68.9mpg figure for its fuel consumption, making it among the most frugal diesel cars you can buy. It has a 113bhp output and 300Nm of torque, which is great for motorway cruising. Suzuki Across (Hybrid)This family car is a medium-size SUV hybrid. It has a 2.5-litre petrol engine and a plug-in hybrid powertrain to give it electrical assistance. Also, it has a claimed 282.4mpg. If you’ve tried driving the plug-in hybrid Toyota RAV4, the Suzuki Across is much like it because it’s identical to it under the bonnet.