 From today, July 6, 2022, all new cars in EU countries will be fitted with Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) technology as a legal requirement. The UK’s leading motoring and criminal defence lawyer warned of the risks that drivers face if this technology were to be used in this country.  Nick Freeman, the celebrity brief known as Mr Loophole for winning cases on legal technicalities, says the technology could lead to even more dangerous driving since it removes control from the motorist. The lawyer, who’s A-list clients include David Beckham and Frank Lampard, said the speed limiters were “incredibly dangerous” and will set back the cause of road safety. He added: “There are always circumstances where you need to briefly accelerate, say, to avoid a potentially dangerous situation. “Only today I had to move quickly because the car in front was weaving erratically between lanes. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel  “To have a device which will automatically prevent the driver from being able to escape from danger as well as the freedom to make decisions is ridiculous. “It smacks of Big Brother and could lead to carnage.” The new EU rules will see speed-limiting technology made mandatory in all new cars, vans, and trucks from Wednesday. Mandatory speed limiting technology has been written into EU law as part of its updated General Safety Regulation that will be introduced today. DON'T MISSEU speed limiters to be introduced today despite driver concerns [INSIGHT]Electric police cars are 'running out of puff' and causing 'problems' [SHOCKING]Supermarket 'fuel price wars' over with no incentive to cut costs [WARNING]  The new laws follow recommendations from the European Transport Safety Council, to reduce traffic collisions by 30 percent and casualties by 20 percent as part of a wider target of achieving zero road deaths by 2050. Mr Freeman, who drives around 50,000 miles per year, warned that speed limiters could cause drivers to become “automatons”. He added: “When you travel slowly you are lethargic, you don`t concentrate and so lack the adrenaline and awareness to drive safely. “We already have cruise control and that works well for those who want to self-impose a suitable speed. But the state is taking away our agency to be on the ball, to be engaged and be reactive drivers.  “Driving too slowly has the potential to cause accidents in a number of ways, including enraging other drivers and encouraging dangerous behaviour on the roads such as unsafe overtaking. What’s more, how are motorists supposed to safely overtake cyclists? Speed isn't dangerous, bad driving is. “Drivers need to be allowed to exercise judgement. Speed limiters are another step towards cannibalising motorists’ control of their vehicles. “People should be allowed to drive. I’m not against safety devices but am against losing overall control.”  Mr Freeman predicted that speed limiters would be introduced in the next few years, which is why he is speaking out now. He believes the Government will force drivers to retrospectively fit these devices on older vehicles. In a previous statement to Express.co.uk, a Department for Transport spokesperson said: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety. “We’re currently assessing the vehicle safety technologies included in the EU's General Safety Regulation and a decision will be taken in due course as to whether to mandate any of those in Great Britain.”