Leroy Sane wants to stay at Bayern Munich this summer, according to reports. Arsenal are reported to have held some interest in the player but he is set to stay at the Allianz Arena despite Serge Gnabry signing a new contract. Gnabry was strongly linked with a move away from Bayern in this window, with his previous contract set to expire in 2023. However, he has ended speculation over his future by penning a new long-term deal. Sane made 22 starts in the Bundesliga last season, compared to Gnabry's 25. The exit of Gnabry would have opened up more of an opportunity for the former Manchester City man. But Gnabry's new deal has not unsettled Sane. Sport Bild reporter Christian Falk says Sane will not be joining Real Madrid and wants to stay at his current club. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd announcement, Chelsea signing 'very close', De Jong update  Falk tweeted: "The rumours that the agents of Leroy Sane offered the Player to Real Madrid are NOT TRUE @realmadrid. TRUE Sane wants to stay at Bayern @FCBayern." Earlier this week, CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claimed Arsenal held interest in Sane before they pursued Raphinha earlier this summer. Raphinha has since joined Barcelona and Arsenal are looking at alternative options. Jacobs told the Football Terrace: "I’ve not heard rumblings at the Chelsea end, I’ve actually heard more rumblings from Arsenal that this was a name being considered at the beginning of the window, but then they turned their attention to Raphinha.” Sane has worked under Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta before. Arteta was assistant manager to Pep Guardiola at City during Sane's time at the Etihad. DON'T MISSArsenal told Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge  Speaking in July 2020, Sane was full of praise for the Spaniard following his time at City and the start he had made at Arsenal. Sane told the Independent: "I can just say positive things about Mikel Arteta. "Since we started working together, he helped me a lot on the pitch. He tried to improve my football; he told me what I did good and what I did wrong, and he tried to work on it. "Next to Pep, they both really helped me and improved me, to bring me to the next level. Even now, at Arsenal, for me you can see he’s doing a great job. "You can see he has a concept, a way that he wants to play, a way that he wants his team to play, and obviously it will take some time until everybody really understands it. I think he will do a great job as a [head] coach too." 