 Older drivers are facing steeper increases in their car insurance rates than younger people because of the number of over-55s driving electric cars. Over the last year, the average motor insurance premium increased 7.8 percent, with the typical policy now costing £786.  The data, from analyst Consumer Intelligence, found that drivers over the age of 50 had been hit with the highest increases. Their premiums rose by an average of 9.4 percent. In comparison, drivers under the age of 25 saw premiums fall by an average of 3.2 percent. This is despite that age group being statistically more likely to have an accident. READ MORE: Drivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine  Kevin Pratt, of Forbes Advisor, said: “Electric vehicles are popular among older drivers, but there still isn’t an extensive network of garages in the UK that can deal with them. “Premiums we’re seeing now will reflect claims expenses from previous months, so there’s a lag between insurance premiums and inflation, so it will continue upwards “When your car goes in for a repair, the bill is higher than it used to be. “While insurance companies foot the bill, the increased cost will be reflected in the rates they’re charging,” he told the Telegraph. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use little-known ventilation hack to save fuel [URGENT]Furious driver hits out at neighbour who parks in front of their house [SHOCKING]Electric car drivers urged to make use of little-known battery tips [INSIGHT]  He added that further increases to insurance premiums are “inevitable” as prices catch up to the rate of inflation. Younger drivers still pay more on average than those over 50, with under-25s typically paying £1,669 for their car insurance, compared to £414 for older drivers. Motorists aged between 25 and 49 now pay £592 on average – an increase of 6.4 percent on last year. This comes as new research has found a staggering 170 percent rise in parents fronting their car insurance for their children.  More and more parents across the UK are naming themselves as the main driver on their child’s motor policy to bring down the premium. Demand for driving tests is at an all-time high, and with learners passing their tests and eager to get on the road, accommodating parents are helping them do just that. But, new research reveals nine in 10 aren’t familiar with “fronting” as a type of insurance fraud, leaving many parents completely unaware that their thoughtful act could have serious consequences.  However, with 33 percent admitting they don’t keep up to date and stay aware of insurance fraud, parents could face void and cancelled car insurance.  If the car is involved in an accident, they could also be liable for the damages and injuries caused in the accident and in some cases, severe consequences can include a substantial fine, points on their licence and even a criminal record. Matt Crabtree, Head of Fraud Strategy at LV= General Insurance, commented on the data and warned parents not to get themselves or their children into trouble. He said: “Parents will always want to do what they can for their kids, but fronting can have serious consequences. “I would encourage anyone who may have declared themselves as a main driver when they aren’t, or provided details that aren’t true, to update their policy before it’s identified. “There are other ways that the cost of insurance can be kept down and we’d encourage new drivers and parents to understand what these options are.”