Elaine Reid was sentenced at Liverpool Magistrates’ Court yesterday for using threatening behaviour towards neighbour Sarah Rasmussen after a long-running dispute between the pair. The court heard Reid and Miss Rasmussen were arguing outside their homes in April. During the row, Reid shouted a homophobic insult at Ms Rasmussen’s son before grabbing the broom and swinging it at her. Video of the incident from both CCTV and footage filmed from a mobile phone were released to the Liverpool Echo. The video shows the incident unfold as the argument escalates. In one piece of video, which has sound, Reid, 62, can be seen lunging towards her neighbour and swearing at her as other members of her family hold her back. She can also be seen abusing John-Paul Brooder, Miss Rasmussen’s son, pointing at him and saying to Miss Rasmussen: “Is that the one you dressed up in girl’s clothes?”  A second video, which captures the later part of the incident, shows Reid grabbing a broom Miss Rasmussen was using to sweep the pavement before trying to swing it around. Her son then grabs her and pulls her away from the scene. Magistrates heard there had been tension for months after Reid and a number of other neighbours, all of whom have lived on the road for years, started feuding with Miss Rasmussen's family. In statements to the court, Miss Rasmussen said she had quit her job because of the stress of the incident and her mental health had suffered significantly as a result. Mr Brooder said Reid’s actions had made him feel anxious and ashamed about his identity.  Simran Garcha, defending, said Reid apologised for her behaviour and accepted it was completely unacceptable. She said Reid had struggled in previous months to deal with the ongoing feud with Miss Rasmussen, which she claims she became embroiled in after she saw Miss Rasmussen treat an elderly neighbour in a way she thought was unacceptable. Ms Garcha said Reid had told her she "just snapped" and after months of tension and was now remorseful for the way she acted. Reid was supported in court by a number of other neighbours yesterday as she appeared at court and was handed a 12-month community order. A restraining order will prevent her from contacting Miss Rasmussen. 