The Newsreader is an Australian drama set in the 1980s and focuses on broadcast news. Season two has already been given the green light by broadcaster ABC with audiences eager for more. Express.co.uk looks at the cast of The Newsreader and where you may have seen them before. Helen Norville - Anna Torv Anna Torv takes on the role of Helen Norville, a broadcaster who has to team up with a rookie reporter on news. Australian actress Torv is best known for her role in Netflix’s Mindhunter as well as starring in Fringe and Secret City. Speaking about taking on the role, Torv said: “I think often you take jobs in a kind of reaction to the last gig that you had. “I wanted to make [Helen] just not still … I just needed her to be just volatile and outwardly so, in every area.” READ MORE: Mindhunter cancelled: Why has Mindhunter season 3 been cancelled? She went on to say of preparing for the part: “I did a couple of sessions with a beautiful person they’d brought in to teach the newsreading. “But what I learned is that the phrasing, and all that kind of stuff, comes purely through the autocue.” She added to The Guardian: “The way you speak as a newsreader is because you can’t see the next word.” Dale Jennings - Sam Reid Joining her as newbie reporter Dale Jennings is actor Sam Reid. Reid has appeared in movies Belle, Anonymous, The Railway Man as well as Prime Suspect 1973 and The Hunting. He will next be appearing in the TV series Interview with the Vampire playing Lestat de Lioncourt. Tim Ahern - Chai Hansen Chai Hansen takes on the role of Tim Ahern after featuring in Amazon Prime Video’s Night Sky, The 100 on The CW and The New Legends of Monkey. Dennis - Chum Ehelepola Chum Ehelepola portrays Dennis with the actor previously starring in Lodge 49, Lady Dynamite, No Activity, and Preppers. Noelene - Michelle Lim Davidson Actress Michelle Lim Davidson takes on Noelene after appearing in Top of the Lake, Uptopia, and Harrow. Lindsay Cunningham - William McInnes In the role of Lindsay Cunningham is William McInnes, who counts credits in Total Control, Rake, Blue Heelers, and Look Both Ways. Rob Rickards - Stephen Peacocke Stephen Peacocke is Rob Rickards with the star’s previous work including Whiskey, Tango, Foxtrot, Hercules, and Me Before You. Evelyn Walters - Marg Downey Prior to playing Evelyn Walters in The Newsreader, Marg Downey appeared in Queen of the Damned, Blue Heelers, and Kitty Is Not a Cat. Geoff Walters - Robert Taylor Robert Taylor is Geoff Walters with the actor previously featuring in Longmire, The Meg, Focus and Dolly Parton’s Heartstrings on Netflix. Jean - Caroline Lee Jean is ported by Caroline Lee, who has appeared in The Dressmaker, Blue Heelers, Borgan Pride, and Neighbours. DON'T MISS...Mindhunter: Why did Debbie Mitford star Hannah Gross leave? [INSIGHT]Mindhunter: How did Ed Kemper role effect actor Cameron Britton? [ANALYSIS]Mindhunter: Who is serial killer Jerry Brudos? Who plays him? [EXPLAINER] Val Jennings - Maude Davey Maude Davey takes on the part of Val Jennings with the actress previously starring in Summer Heights High, My Year Without Sex, Tangle, and Sisters. Gordon - Bert LaBonté Bert LaBonté puts on the mantle of Gordon with the veteran star appearing in Animal Kingdom, Pirate Islands: The Lost Treasure of Fiji, and Nightmares & Dreamscapes: From the Stories of Stephen King. Cheryl Ricci - Maria Angelico Maria Angelico plays Cheryl Ricci with previous projects including Stateless, Retrograde, and Sisters. Further cast members include Tony Rickards as Dr. Shaw, John Leary as Murray, and Jackson Tozer as Ross. The Newsreader airs on BBC Two on Sundays at 9pm