Chelsea have reportedly identified Real Betis midfielder Guido Rodriguez as a potential replacement for N'Golo Kante, who has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent weeks. The Gunners are said to be weighing up an ambitious swoop for the Frenchman, who they are hoping Chelsea will decide to sell before his contract expires at the end of next season. Thomas Tuchel is known to be a keen admirer of Kante, with the Chelsea boss having waxed lyrical over the midfielder's qualities on a handful of previous occasions. However, it seems as though the Blues are quietly planning for life without the 31-year-old by evaluating their options in the transfer market in case he joins Arsenal in the not-too-distant future.Those in power at Stamford Bridge have earmarked Rodriguez as a potential signing in the middle of the park after impressing over the course of his spell at Real Betis, according to Estadio Deportivo. It is said that Chelsea would be 'well positioned' to firm up their interest in the 28-year-old, who was previously targeted by Arsenal in a failed attempt to bring him to the Emirates Stadium last summer.The Blues are likely to face stiff competition in the race to land Rodriguez, with a number of 'proper names' also in the hunt to prise him away from Real Betis over the coming weeks. His potential arrival in west London could be set to coincide with the departure of Kante, who Chelsea are said to be open to selling as he enters the final year of his current deal. JUST IN: Tottenham fans stunned as Son Heung-min collapses in training drill However, the wheels are yet to be put into motion regarding a move for Rodriguez, who made 47 appearances for Real Betis in all competitions over the course of last season. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will eventually submit a bid for the Argentina international or if he will end up joining a different club before the new Premier League season gets underway in early August.Chelsea will already have a number of options in midfield to succeed Kante if he does leave, with Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Conor Gallagher and Ross Barkley all on their books. None of the aforementioned trio have consistently started matches for the Blues in previous seasons, though, which suggests that a replacement would be sourced from elsewhere in the event of Kante joining Arsenal this summer. The latter has also been linked with a potential move to Manchester United over the last few months, with the Red Devils eyeing the addition of a new deep-lying midfielder in advance of the new campaign. However, the club's top target remains Barcelona maestro Frenkie de Jong, with negotiations said to be ongoing between United and the Catalan giants as things stand.Kante has played a crucial role for Chelsea since arriving from Leicester City back in 2017 and is still widely considered to be among the Premier League's most talented players. It seems as though his spell at Stamford Bridge could soon be coming to an end based on his contract situation, though, with little to no progress having been made over a new deal as of yet. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here