After a sunny opening day, Sail GP has returned today for a second day of facing in the Plymouth Sound. Kate Middleton will join the British team this afternoon as they compete against New Zealand. Kate stepped out today in Plymouth wearing a fitting outfit for the sailing. She donned a navy blue and white striped wool jumper with long sleeves. This was tucked into a pair of white shorts that reached just above her knees. Kate is rarely seen in shorts, and this pair seemed appropriate for both formal and informal events. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' The Duchess wore shorts during her and Prince William’s royal Caribbean tour of The Bahamas in March this year, but they were a shorter grey pair. Navy shorts are also a staple in her wardrobe, which she donned before boarding a boat in August 2019. But before the summer of 2019, Kate hadn’t been seen in shorts for over 10 years. In recent years, she seems to don them only for sporting events. Royal fans were quick to take to social media today to praise Kate’s chic appearance. Twitter user @duchesskatefan_ wrote: “Kate is perfect in Plymouth today!!” Lynette commented: “I love everything Catherine wears.” Instagram user @ammithum said: “Wow!! Love that outfit!” The Duchess of Cambridge’s shorts are made of oyster linen and are available to buy on the Holland and Cooper website. They cost £199 and also come in black. On its website, Holland Cooper describe the shorts as “combining timeless style with modern sophistication, the Luxe Tailored Shorts are realised in a luxury linen blend, with two single knife pleats and signature gold rivets. “The high-waisted design provides a flattering silhouette that perfectly complements the female form, making it a must-have when composing a relaxed, yet sophisticated aesthetic.” On her feet, Kate wore a pair of simple white plimsolls from Superga, which she has worn on multiple occasions in the past. Her golden brown locks were down in loose curls, and she wore subtle make-up. The Duchess completed her look with a small pair of gold hoop earrings, as well as her sapphire engagement ring. Interestingly, the Duchess of Sussex wore shorts earlier this month too. Meghan was seen meeting with Gloria Steinem in New York donning a smart navy blue pair, the same length as Kate’s.