Model Christine McGuinness, 34, was once adamant that she would "never kick Paddy out". She might have appeared to have had a change of heart when she and Top Gear host Paddy, 48, announced this month that they were going their separate ways, but she has since confirmed on Instagram that the pair will "still happily live in [the] family home together". Christine made the vow of loyalty to her beloved husband in her autobiography A Beautiful Nightmare. It had previously been rumoured that she showed Paddy the door after photos circulated of him walking arm in arm with former All Saints star, Nicole Appleton, in 2018. However the star was quick to assure fans that it wasn't the case. "There were stories saying I'd kicked him out - I never did or would ever do that," she insisted. READ NOW: Alex Scott's appearance at Euro 2022 as leaves BBC viewers distracted "No matter how difficult things get, I would never kick my husband out. "I wanted my children to have a dad at home." Nevertheless, she struggled with insecurity, admitting to breaking down in tears after her husband left the house on multiple occasions and wishing that he would simply stay at home. As she explained in A Beautiful Nightmare, her work commitments took him away from the home they shared in Cheshire all too often. Yet Christine reiterated in her book that nothing could persuade her to break up the family - her, Paddy, and their three children. "It didn't matter to me if I'd forgiven him, if I was OK with it or if I trusted him," she explained. "All of that didn't count, I just wanted my children to have their father there - something I never had." The Real Housewives of Cheshire star had a "difficult" childhood, by her own account.  She recalled in her book: "When I was around one, Mum found out my dad was a heroin addict. "My mum longed for the relationship to work, but when I crawled over one of his needles as a toddler, she knew it was over." When her parents separated, her mother shielded her from the truth about the extent of her father's problems. It wasn't until she was eight years old when a man approached her in an ASDA store to tell her: "Your dad's a druggie." Her father has rarely been in her life since her parents split up and has not commented on her claims. "I'd asked him to walk me down the aisle and he agreed," she wrote sadly. "Then came the morning of my wedding and just as I was putting on my dress, I got a call from my auntie who told me he wasn't coming." She added that though she loves her father "dearly" and harbours no ill will towards him, she "doesn't respect" him. Now Christine is moving on but hopes twins Leo and Penelope and daughter Felicity can have an amicable and close relationship with both her and Paddy going forwards. Both have said on Instagram that their main priority is "loving and supporting" their children.