Arsenal have concerns over Youri Tielemans' physicality which has put them off making a firm bid for the player, according to reports. Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates since January but the Gunners are yet to push through with their interest. Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer but are yet to bring in a recognised central midfielder. Tielemans continues to be a rumoured target, with his contract at Leicester expiring at the end of the upcoming season. The Foxes would likely be keen to sell in this window if the Belgian has no intention of signing a new deal. But talkSPORT's report has raised further doubts over a potential move to Arsenal. The radio station claims part of the reason Arsenal have not submitted an official offer for Tielemans is because of physicality concerns. Tielemans has made 120 appearances in the Premier League since initially moving to Leicester on loan in January 2019. He has only missed seven league matches in the last three seasons. But Arsenal are not yet convinced he is the right player for them. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offer De Jong £110m deal, Atletico £36m Ronaldo plan  Leicester chairman Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha recently spoke about Tielemans and insisted there had been no offers for the player. He said: "It's nothing. "There haven't been any offers yet. There hasn't been anything concrete or a proposition yet." Tielemans has also been linked with a move to Manchester United. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers claimed last week there had been no progress over a new contract for the 25-year-old. Rodgers said: "There’s no update at all. He’s an amazing guy to work with. He’s just re-joined the club [for pre-season] and he’s pretty much the same. In training he’s very committed. DON'T MISSArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fractured foot' as Tomiyasu and Tierney updates givenArsenal include smart clause in Guendouzi and Hutchinson transfersSir Alex arrives at Carrington ahead of Ronaldo showdown Man Utd talks  "He’s happy in his work and he’s happy at the club. But naturally with a year in his contract he may feel he has to look at everything for him and his family. But I certainly know he’s committed while he is here. "I’ll have a good chat with Youri next week to get privately what he’s thinking. But it won’t change, whether he’s leaving or staying for another five years, he’ll still be super committed. "From Youri’s perspective, he’ll continue to train and work. He’s very focused on getting himself fit and like he always is with the team, he’s a great guy to have in the squad. "Until that changes, I will give everything to keep developing him and the team. There is a possibility, but we have to wait and see." 