According to the Aehcos hotel association on the Spanish Costa del Sol, the number of international tourist bookings has fallen. It blamed airline strikes and Brexit “complications”. A spokesperson said: “In just a fortnight, more than two thousand flights have been cancelled at European airports, to which must be added the delays suffered by passengers.” Spain has been hit by cabin crew strikes from both easyJet and Ryanair staff in the last month. Staff are protesting over working conditions and an ongoing pay dispute with the budget airlines. Although the strikes haven’t led to widespread chaos, some planes have been cancelled and delayed in Spain. READ MORE: Flight attendant issues warning to people who fall asleep on planes Ryanair staff have walked out this week in Spain and will take industrial action again from July 25-28. easyJet cabin crew have further action planned from July 29-31 and airports such as Barcelona, Malaga and Palma are likely to be affected. The Aehcos spokesperson continued: “Tourists, from the United Kingdom, are encountering certain complications at the borders following their exit from the European Union.” British tourists must have their passport stamped when they enter and exit the EU as they can only stay for 90 out of every 180 days.  This can result in long queues for British travellers at peak holiday times on Spain’s Costa del Sol. Rob Chapman tweeted in June: “All the incoming UK flights arrive around the same time. “Queues out of the door. Flight arrives from Dublin and passengers stroll in via the empty EU queue.” Taxi drivers at Malaga airport have also complained of “daily chaos” for passengers arriving for a holiday in the sun. READ MORE: The safest country in the world for British expats is ‘unbelievable’ Antonio Cortés, a taxi driver in Malaga, told Spanish paper SUR: “This is a daily chaos, although it gets worse at weekends. “We can’t all fit in and we can’t even leave the car in a double row to pick up customers because we block other colleagues. “And if we pick them up in other areas, we end up being fined.” The drivers criticised the size of the pick up area at Malaga airport and said it needed to be expanded to accommodate all the drivers. Uber drivers are unaffected by the space issue as they have 35 allocated spaces by Terminal 3. However, the Uber drivers must pay the airport operator Aena around 20 percent of their income. British tourists have also had issues leaving the UK due to chaos and flight cancellations from major British airports. British Airways has cancelled thousands of summer flights in a bid to avoid last-minute chaos.