Fuelled by Omicron subvariants BA.4 and BA.5, the current wave is driving up cases in the UK. According to the latest Government data, there was a 26.5 percent rise in Covid cases in the week ending on July 1. Some hospitals have even brought mask wearing back amid this outbreak. Furthermore, a health minister has warned that restrictions might be reintroduced if cases impact the NHS backlog. While Covid might be best known for symptoms such as cough and loss or change of smell and taste, the virus can also trigger various other signs. Zoe Covid Study App explains that one of the “earliest” symptoms linked to the virus is a headache. It shares: “Even though headaches are a less well-known symptom of COVID-19, they are one of the earliest signs of the disease and more common than the ‘classic’ symptoms of cough, fever and loss of smell.” What’s more, Zoe reports that this symptom was seen across 69 percent of their contributors. READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk  As headache can be a symptom of various conditions, Zoe shares the tell-tale signs that could help you spot the one characteristic for Covid. When it comes to the pain, coronavirus headaches tend to be moderate to severe. They can feel pulsing, pressing or stabbing while occurring across both sides of your head. One other telling is that the headaches tend to be resistant to regular painkillers. Zoe adds: “Headache tends to come on at the very start of the illness, and usually lasts for an average of three to five days. “But some people can suffer from COVID-related headaches for much longer.” Persistent headaches that often come and go are also considered one of the main symptoms of long Covid. While a headache could be a symptom of Covid, this sign is a common problem experienced by many. READ MORE: Diabetes symptoms: The sign of high blood sugar on the feet that can become 'overwhelming' See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Zoe explains: “It’s important to remember that headaches are very common, especially as many of us are staring at screens for so long each day. “So although many people with COVID-19 experience headaches, most people with a headache will not have COVID-19.” Fortunately, there’s also plenty of other symptoms that could help identify the virus. According to Zoe, other signs that can appear with a headache are fatigue, sore throat, loss of smell, fever, unusual muscle pains, a persistent cough and dizziness. Here’s the full list of the main symptoms linked to Covid, according to the NHS: While it’s no longer required to self-isolate by the law, the health service still encourages people with Covid to stay at home and avoid contact with others. However, Lord Syed Kamall shared that Covid restrictions could be brought back if the rising number of cases affect the NHS backlog.