Manchester United have reportedly been dealt a setback in their attempts to reinforce their attack this summer with club chiefs admitting defeat in the battle for £17million-rated RB Leipzig striker Brian Brobbey, who is expected to join Ajax in the coming weeks. With the futures of Cristiano Ronaldo, Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial uncertain amd Edinson Cavani having already departed the club, United are in severe need of a striker to battle for a starting spot. Many strikers have been linked with a switch to Old Trafford under Erik ten Hag although nothing has come even close to fruition just yet. With Tyrell Malacia signing for the Red Devils earlier this week, and Frenkie de Jong and Christian Eriksen expected to join United soon, Ten Hag has focused on players who have plied their trade in the Eredivisie at some point in their careers. It seemed Brobbey was the next Dutchman up for United but the Manchester Evening News reports that a move for the 20-year-old is now unlikely to happen with the Premier League giants expecting a move to the Dutch capital to occur over the coming weeks. Brobbey left Ajax for Leipzig in July last year, although he faltered at the Red Bull Arena and failed to score in 14 appearances. He returned on loan to Ajax and scored seven goals in 13 games, hitting the ground running at his former club. But whilst he is set to return to the Amsterdam Arena, Brobbey previously joked that he wished he could join Ten Hag at Old Trafford in two years' time. "I am very happy for [Ten Hag] and that's a great step for him that he deserves after everything he has done for Ajax," he said. "I am happy for him, but only if he brings me with him in two years!." United's interest in him further shows their willingness to back up Ten Hag's recommendations in the transfer market as opposed to their own recruitment strategy. Pau Torres had been identified as a top target by scouts, although Ten Hag overruled that and is going for Lisandro Martinez at Ajax instead. Elsewhere, Jurrien Timber was also considered as a potential target to solve United's defensive problems, although a move for him has gone cold. United are currently in Thailand for pre-season, where they take on Liverpool in a pre-season friendly on Tuesday afternoon. Christian Eriksen could join up with his new team-mates when the team travel to Melbourne the day after their clash with the Reds, although a deal would have to be wrapped up as soon as possible.