Tottenham were without a host of new signings through illness, but Antonio Conte's side still got their pre-season schedule off to a flying start with a 6-3 win over an all-star Team K League. Eric Dier thumped Spurs into a 31st minute lead, but Gue Sung Cho equalised on the stroke of half-time. Harry Kane's teasing cross led to an own goal moments after he was introduced at the break. Lars Veldwijk restored parity, but Kane put Tottenham back in front with a pinpoint strike from range. Son Heung-min grabbed a fourth from the penalty spot before Jun Amano beat Hugo Lloris with a long-range free-kick. Kane and Son grabbed another goal each to cap a wild match. Here, Express Sport takes a look at five things we learned from Wednesday's entertaining clash... Richarlison was making his first appearance since completing his £60million switch from Everton, and the Brazilian striker gave Spurs fans a glimpse of whats to come. Although Richarlison failed to bag a goal, he would have had a tap-in if Kane's cross hadn't been diverted into an own goal. Away from goal, the new man impressed with some slick link-up play with Bryan Gil and Lucas Moura in the early stages of the match, which included a couple of neat flicks. He also showcased his impressive versatility by filling all three attacking roles throughout the match. Tottenham have two of the most consistent attacking players around in the form of Kane and Son Heung-min, but the Londoners have paid the price before for their reliance on them. Richarlison's arrival should change that - and his ability to play anywhere across the forward line means he is likely to feature more prominently than some may expect. READ MORE: Chelsea face bumpy road ahead in talks to tie down Mount and James It was a mixed afternoon for Tottenham's wing-backs, with Ryan Sessegnon and Emerson Royal struggling to provide any real quality from the flanks. Sessegnon enjoyed a strong finish to last season and is set to battle with Ivan Perisic for the left-wing back slot this season. He was a constant outlet down the left-hand side in Seoul, but the former Fulham man's end product was lacking. It was a similar story for Royal on the right flank, who somehow missed a sitter from six-yards after some sterling build-up play from Richarlison. On this evidence, it comes as no surprise that Conte has been keen to bolster his options at wing-back this summer. As energetic and lively as the Sessegnon and Royal can be, Conte's system relies heavily on consistent quality in the final third from wing-backs; something that both struggle with. DON'T MISS...Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled to Koulibaly as deal 'close'Thomas Tuchel breaks silence on Cristiano Ronaldo to ChelseaBarcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil It's been a tough 12 months for Gil, who has failed to make any sort of impression since he arrived in north London in a player-plus-cash deal from Sevilla last summer. The fleet-footed winger ended up spending the last six months of last season on loan at Valencia - but he made the most of a rare opportunity to impress Conte in Seoul. Gil impressed on the right-hand side of a front three for Spurs and was full of creativity and guile during an encouraging 45 minute cameo. Gil even managed to grab an assist after Dier unleashed a thunderbolt after a give-and-go with the young Spaniard on the half-hour mark. There's still plenty of work for Gil to do if he is to feature under Conte this year, but he did his first-team hopes no harm. Tottenham could - and probably should - have had a hatful of goals in the first-half before they were caught with a late sucker punch. Unsurprisingly, Kane's introduction at the break turned out to be the spark needed to get Spurs going. The England captain had only been on the pitch for a matter of seconds before his whipped cross was diverted into the net, and he then went one better by lashing in Tottenham's 3rd goal of the match not long after. Kane then wrapped up  an enthralling pre-season spectacle with a fine free-kick. Although Spurs have improved their squad significantly over the summer, Kane is still very much the main man. Tottenham's chances of success this year will once again hinge heavily on the striker, who has already laid down a marker. Conte's brutal pre-season training approach has gone viral in recent days, and the Italian's tough stance is seemingly paying off. Although there were some question marks defensively, Tottenham looked formidable at times going forward in Conte's preferred 3-4-3 formation. With much more still to come from Spurs, and more signings expected, there's every chance that Conte's savage methods could reap the ultimate reward over the coming months. He wants Tottenham to challenge for trophies rather than make up the numbers - and it would be foolish to bet against him.