Residents have shared their disbelief that the storms are already moving in, whereas parts of the north, which are typically colder, are melting in tropical and unprecedented temperatures. People have taken to Twitter with snapshots of the storms which appear to have targeted Cornwall just before 7am, where “comfortable” temperatures of 26C have been enjoyed by many today. The stark contrast has been described as “global warming gone mad” by one resident, but the forecast of stormy rain was not wholly unexpected for this part of the country. The Met Office did predict scattered showers across the south west, saying it would be a “slightly less hot day”.  But storms were not on its radar, it appears, until tonight. Its forecast added: “Rather cloudy into the evening, with brighter skies initially across the east of the region. “Scattered showers, locally heavy and perhaps thundery arriving across the region from the west. Minimum temperature 15C.” Bolts have been seen crashing through the sky, causing power outages for scores of residents right across the south west. Rain, thunder and lightning is also crashing over Weymouth.  FOLLOW OUR LIGHTNING LIVE BLOG: Lightning map LIVE: UK's record-breaking 40C heatwave to be shattered According to Western Power Distribution there are 113 properties without power in Exeter, 87 in Shaldon which is east of Torquay and around 20 in Weston-super-Mare. A total of 59 homes are without electricity on the outskirts of Bristol. UK thunderstorm updates tweeted: “A few thunderstorms are currently impacting Cornwall right now. “These will move NW throughout the day and may impact other areas of SW England, and potentially Wales.” READ MORE: Horror warning over 'destructive' TikTok trend as temperatures rocket A yellow weather warning for thunderstorms is earmarked for tomorrow afternoon, but it does not cover the West Country. It blankets the south east, eastern and central England. The Met Office issued the warning earlier today, and it will come into force from 2pm to 9pm. It means some power outages may occur as a result of lightning strikes, and people are to be aware of delays, train cancellations and surface spray on the roads. DON'T MISS: RAF chief lambasts 'desperate' Russia Air Force [INSIGHT]Iran turns on Putin and demands 'war must be stopped' [REPORT] Octopus Energy to power 7mn homes with undersea cables [REVEAL] Some routes may be closed suddenly due to flooding. The Met Office had never before forecast highs of 40C and these record- breaking temperatures have now been hit. London Heathrow has recorded 40.2C just before midday, surpassing 39.1°C which was provisionally recorded at Charlwood, Surrey, not long beforehand. The leading forecaster warned “temperatures are still climbing”, urging people to be weather aware. 