Prince Charles is expected to host the Queen’s Awards for Enterprise at a special Royal Reception on Tuesday. They are the most prestigious awards for UK businesses and are officially announced in a special issue of the Gazette every April. The awards recognise businesses who have made outstanding contributions in the categories of innovation, international trade, sustainable development and promoting opportunity through social mobility. In the past, the awards have been hosted by the Queen, but in light of her recent mobility issues, Charles has been stepping in for the 96-year-old monarch when necessary.Both he and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall have taken on more visible roles, providing a glimpse into what the future holds for the Royal Family.It has been widely acknowledged that the Prince of Wales may face opposition from the public when his time comes to take the throne.Charles has long been at the lower end of the popularity spectrum. A YouGov poll revealed that only 42 percent of British adults had a positive view of the heir. READ MORE: "I love Crimewatch": Duchess of Cornwall is a huge fan of BBC show Crimewatch Live Meanwhile, Camilla comes in below her husband with an even lower score of 40 percent.Both royals faced public scrutiny when their affair became public knowledge, as the Duchess was blamed for the breakdown of Charles’ marriage with his first wife, Diana, Princess of Wales.The pair did not marry until 2005 — 35 years after they initially met.And following her experiences with press and public opinion, the Duchess was fearful of the potential reaction to her and Charles’ union. Speaking during the 2021 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Charles and Camilla: King and Queen in Waiting’, current affairs commentator Carole Malone said: “She [Camilla] was terrified no one would come. She was terrified she’d be booed.” Ms Malone recalled of the big day: “I remember seeing film footage at the time, it was about 6am, and there was no one on the streets of Windsor. It was freezing as well, it was a really, really cold day. “As a journalist, I was looking at it and thinking the only reaction to this is going to be national apathy, which is kind of almost as bad as protest.” But Camilla had no need to fear the public’s reaction. Ms Malone continued: “By 10.30am the streets were thronging with people.” Charles and Camilla got married in a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall on April 9.Having both been divorced, they opted for a civil marriage followed by a blessing at St George’s Chapel.The Queen and the late-Prince Philip did not attend the ceremony but were present for the blessings and photographs at Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS:Camilla and Kate have Country Life covered to mark birthday [LATEST]Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall 'truly lovely' in blue dress and £4k bracelet today [STYLE]Royal dream team! Future Queens Camilla and Kate's 'warm' bond laid bare in sweet moment [INSIGHT] Other members of the immediate Royal Family were in attendance, including Charles’ two sons — Prince William and Prince Harry.Camilla’s children from her first marriage — Laura and Tom Parker Bowles — were also present.The wedding was the first large-scale royal event that put Camilla at the centre of public life. Robert Jobson, a royal journalist, told the documentary: “I think people really, at that time thought, well why shouldn’t these two, who were the picture of happiness, who had this long, long love affair, on and off over many years, why shouldn’t they find happiness.” At the time, it was announced that Camilla would be known as Princess Consort once Charles ascended the throne. This is believed to have been done out of respect for Diana, who tragically died in a car crash in August 1997. Following her untimely death, Charles and Camilla kept their relationship relatively lowkey, with the prince gradually introducing his girlfriend into the royal fold. Diana’s death triggered an outpouring of national mourning, so it was decided that Camilla would not be named Queen Consort, and would take on her secondary title of Duchess of Cornwall, rather than Princess of Wales. However, in February, the Queen went against the original plan when she expressed her desire for Camilla to be named Queen Consort when Charles becomes King. In a message to the nation to mark Accession Day, and the start of her Platinum Jubilee year, Her Majesty wrote: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support.