Chelsea have been labelled "ill-prepared" for the new season and Thomas Tuchel has been warned he is now "under pressure" for his job. Former Blues defender Jason Cundy and ex-Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara have both given their verdicts on the Stamford Bridge club. Chelsea fell away towards the end of last season in the Premier League. The situation which saw Roman Abramovich sanctioned by the UK Government before selling the club had an impact on matters on the field. Chelsea took their time to make their mark in the transfer market this summer following Todd Boehly's purchase of the club. Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly have joined and will not be the only incomings in west London. But Cundy, who supports his former club, is slightly concerned just two-and-a-half weeks before the start of the Premier League season. The pundit says Tuchel needs to sign at least one more defender before the end of the window. Cundy said on talkSPORT: "I think Chelsea are ill-prepared right now. We haven't got enough, certainly at centre-back. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  "I think we need at least one more, depending whether he's going to play a four or a three. I think he's going to play a three so we need at least one, possibly two more." Meanwhile, O'Hara insists the way last season ended has put pressure on Tuchel. He believes Chelsea must win silverware this term for the German to ensure his future at the club. O'Hara said: "I think Tuchel's under pressure because last season, really and truthfully, you fell apart. You had to kind of pick yourselves up. "This season you've got to win something. Chelsea have to win something next season." DON'T MISSArsenal finalise loan exit after Oleksandr Zinchenko 'signs contract'Arsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Zinchenko transfer dealChelsea told to hijack Man Utd transfer for next signing to close gap on Tottenham  Chelsea are in the market for another defender. Sevilla's Jules Kounde is a top target but a move for Presnel Kimpembe has gone quiet. Meanwhile, Sterling was the first player through the door at Chelsea earlier this month. And ex-England winger Trevor Sinclair reckons he should be appointed new captain, replacing Cesar Azpilicueta who is linked with a move to Barcelona. Sinclair said: “I think Raheem Sterling should go in at Chelsea and become the captain. If you look at it, he’s vice-captain of England and the only person who you can say has more experience than him is Thiago Silva and he’s getting on. "You can’t build your team around someone who might be leaving at the end of the season. Everyone looks up to [Sterling]." 