During Tuesday's GB News, Bev Turner and Mercy Muroki talked to royal correspondent Michael Cole about the NHS being awarded the George Cross. The honour from Queen Elizabeth II recognises heroism and bravery, and Her Majesty is set to present the award on Tuesday. Bev questioned if the award would "mean anything" to NHS staff, though. Mercy explained: "The Queen herself will be presenting the George Cross to representatives of the National Health Service at Windsor Castle today." "That's right," Bev added. "The George Cross is the highest award bestowed by the British government for acts of great heroism or for most conspicuous courage in circumstances of extreme danger." "To talk about this is former BBC correspondent Michael Cole," Mercy explained. "Thank you for joining us this morning, so just explain to us the significance of receiving the George Cross, especially for an organisation rather than an individual." READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "Well good morning let me just say that I too was at the Jubilee," Michael reflected. He told Mercy: "So, I didn't see you and your daughter, but I promise I was there. "Well of course this is a very big deal, it's a very big deal at Windsor Castle. "The fact that Her Majesty the Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales will both be in attendance.  "And there will be representatives from all four parts of the United Kingdom representing the NHS and this is particularly important for Her Majesty the Queen because this order of gallantry the George Cross was set up by her father King George VI. "And as you say it's quite rare, in fact, there's only two previous examples of this for an organisation to receive it, the first time was 1942 when the island of Malta became George Cross Island - it was given the cross because for two years it had suffered terrible bombing from German and Italian planes. "But they carried on serving Britain. And then the second one, going back to Northern Ireland, was in 1999 when the Royal Ulster Constabulary received a joint George Cross. DON'T MISS... Christine McGuinness addresses marriage issues with Paddy [VIDEO]Coronation Street fans gobsmacked by pre-watershed sex scenes [REACTION]Business owner rages over heatwave debate on GMB 'Snowflakes!' [LATEST] "They lost 302 serving officers during the 30 years of troubles. "This is a rare day and it doesn't just acknowledge the NHS and its staff during the pandemic but during way back to its foundation - that 74 years of achievement, it's a huge organisation. "And those people who work for it are now saying they are part of an organisation that has the highest award for bravery, the George Cross." "I wonder whether it will actually mean anything to nurses and doctors," Bev replied. "I know that sounds controversial. I'm sure we all appreciate the hard work of nurses and doctors every single day of the year, not just during times of Covid. "But I wonder whether some of them would say, 'You know what, we'd rather have some decent funding.'" She asked: "Does it sound a little bit like tokenism, do you think?" "Well I think that's a respectable point of view," Michael replied, but he argued people would still "cherish" the honour. It's never a bad idea to say thank you." To The Point airs daily at 10am on GB News.