Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) sees Gary (Mikey North) and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) as parental figures on Coronation Street. ITV soap fans will remember Kelly's mother Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) selflessly took the fall for Rick's (Greg Wood) death before she died. But it appears as though it's only a matter of time before Gary's killer secret is exposed by Kelly - could she get revenge by killing his wife in a bitter revenge plot? In dramatic scenes which aired on Friday night, Kelly found a stash of cash which belonged to her father and she decided to try and make amends for everyone he ripped off when he was alive. When a protective Gary learned about her plan he was furious as he knew how dangerous her loanshark father's associates could be. The head-strong teenager ignored Gary's warnings and met with one of her dad's former partners. However, she soon found herself kidnapped and locked in a cellar, with the abductors demanding £50,000.  READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Kelly actress Millie opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about her character's risky decision which left her in serious danger. She said: "I think she wants to redeem her dad's work in any way she can. "When she was passed down the money from him, she repeatedly called it dirty blood money. "So I think it's her way of paying back all the wrongs her dad committed.  "I know it won't save the people that are too late, but it could save the ones that still have a chance because she always believes in second chances. "She's trying to redeem it in any way she can." The actress added: "And she's so stubborn. I think that's another characteristic she developed from her mum and dad." Mille said Kelly has been "determined" to do what she thinks is right ever since Seb Franklin's (Harry Visinoni) tragic death.   DON'T MISS...Corrie's Sally Carman and Joe Duttine wed in lavish ceremony [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Dee Dee Bailey arrives in Debbie twist [UPDATE]Antony Cotton boyfriend: Who is the Coronation Street star's partner? [EXPLAINER] However, will one of her kidnappers tell her Gary was the person responsible for her dad's death? Gary killed Rick in an act of self-defence after the dodgy character lured him into the woods three years ago. Riddled with guilt, Gary and Maria took Kelly under their roof and vowed never to tell the youngster the truth. How would Kelly react if her abductor could prove Gary was Rick's murderer?  Millie said Gary is very protective of Maria so she may plot to hurt or even kill her in a bid to break Gary's heart. Would she tell Gary she's rumbled his secret straight away or would she bide her time to plan her revenge? Millie added: "I think it's sad because Kelly came in as quite an innocent soul, she was obviously the black sheep of the school." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 