Murder in Provence is the next crime drama to come out on ITV, having originally been released on the streaming service Britbox. The series will be set in the beautiful French city, following an investigation into the dark underbelly of Provence. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Murder in Provence. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Murder in Provence. Murder in Provence was first released earlier this year on Tuesday, March 1, on Britbox. So it's been quite a wait for the drama to make its presence known on ITV but the wait is almost over. Murder in Provence will premiere this evening, Sunday, July 17, at 8pm on ITV. The mini-series is going to consist of three 90-minute episodes. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue A new episode will be coming out every Sunday in the same timeslot until the finale airs on Sunday, August 31. There is an alternative way of watching the series if you don't have Britbox and miss the series being released on ITV. Murder in Provence is also going to be dropped on the channel's streaming service ITV Hub. The boxset will be out on the platform once the first episode comes out so viewers won't have to wait three weeks to find out the outcome. Murder in Provence is based on the book series by ML Longworth which came out in 2011. The series will follow investigating judge Antoine Verlaque (played by Roger Allam) and his other half Marine Bonnet (Nancy Carroll) investigating the murders and mysteries in Provence. They will be joined by the detective and Antoine's trusted friend, Detective Hélène (Keala Settle). While the investigations themselves remain a mystery so far, many of the faces within the cast are very recognisable. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to betray Rhona Goskirk in affair plot [THEORY]Why did Mark leave Doc Martin? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas [SPOILER] Taking on the lead role of Antoine Verlaque is Endeavour star Roger Allam. Apart from the popular ITV drama where he plays DI Fred Thursday, Allam has been in The Thick of It, Parade's End and The Missing. Allam will be joined by actress Nancy who can be recognised for her work in Father Brown, The Crown and Queens of Mystery. The Greatest Showman star Keala Settle will portray Detective Hélène in one of her first TV roles. Managing Director BritBox UK Will Harrison commented: “We hope that Murder in Provence will be the first of many global originals made exclusively for BritBox subscribers. "The books by M.L. Longworth seem to be tailor-made for television and we can’t wait to launch the series next year.” As of yet, there has been no confirmation that Murder in Provence will return for a second season. Murder in Provence premieres on Sunday, July 17, at 8pm on ITV.