Rafael Nadal has admitted he "doesn't know" whether he'll be able to play his Wimbledon semi-final on Friday after suffering the "worst" day with his new abdominal injury. The Spaniard battled through it to defeat 11th seed Taylor Fritz 3-6 7-5 3-6 7-5 7-6(4) in four hours and 20 minutes in the quarters despite confessing that he considered retiring from the match. Nadal has sparked fears that he will be unable to recover in time to face Nick Kyrgios in Friday's semi-final match, which would give the Australian a walkover into a maiden Grand Slam final. The Spaniard was physically hampered for most of his match against Fritz, receiving an off-court medical time out and admitting he considered retiring. And he has now refused to commit to playing his next match as he awaits further tests and scans on Thursday. “I had these feelings for a couple of days but without a doubt today was the worst day," he said of his injury in his abdomen. "Have been an important increase of pain and limitation. I managed to win that match but we’ll see what’s going on tomorrow." The world No 4 was seen with tape on his abdomen in his previous match against Botic van de Zandschulp but brushed off questions about the strapping as he said he was "tired" of always having to discuss a new injury. JUST IN: Kyrgios heaps praise on 'important' Emma Raducanu after Brit's message  Asked whether he'd be able to compete in the next round, the Spaniard said: "I can't give you a clear answer because if I give you a clear answer and another thing tomorrow happens, I will be a liar." And he sounded even more in doubt as he admitted tha there wasn't much the physio had been able to do in his off-court medical timeout, reiterating that he was unsure on his future at the tournament. "They can't do much, honestly, no. Doctor came, give me some antiinflammatories. Well, antiinflammatories and analgesic, no? And that's it," he said. !The physio just tried to relax a little bit the muscle there. But it's difficult. Nothing can be fixed when you have a thing like this. That's it. No, I don't know. As I said before, I just wanted to give myself a chance. Not easy to leave the tournament. Not easy to leave Wimbledon, even if the pain was hard." But he made it clear that he was yet to make a decision, claiming he wouldn't "be here" if he had already opted not to play on Friday. DON'T MISSWimbledon crowd 'like parents' to Kyrgios as Aussie reaches semi-finalKyrgios admits to wrongdoings after reaching first Wimbledon semiKyrgios ends long Wimbledon wait but may be denied epic Nadal showdown   He added: "If I already decided something, I will not be here and do any show and say something that tomorrow I say another thing or not. If I am here, it's because I am honest and I don't have a decision. "The decision at the end - all the decisions - are the player decision, but at the same time I need to know different opinions and I need to check everything the proper way, no? That is even something more important than win Wimbledon, that is the health. Let's see how this is going." 