Newcastle legend Alan Shearer previously declared Timo Werner "makes everything look far more difficult than it should be" in a damning assessment of the Chelsea striker, amid talk of a potential swap deal between the two clubs. The Magpies are reportedly interested in acquiring the German, while the Blues are understood to have made enquiries over Allan Saint-Maximin, prompting suggestions that the Premier League pair could look to strike a swap deal this summer.  Werner has seemingly fallen out of favour at Stamford Bridge and it is thought Thomas Tuchel is keen to offload the struggling striker in the current window. The Blues reportedly failed in their attempts to hijack Nordi Mukiele's move from RB Leipzig to Paris Saint-Germain in recent days having seen an offer, said to have included Werner as a makeweight, rebuffed by the Ligue 1 champions. Despite a failure on that front, Chelsea may seek to exploit Newcastle's interest in the 26-year-old in order to rid themselves of the forward, while capturing a player on their own transfer wishlist. The Athletic previously claimed the Blues have enquired about Magpies winger Saint-Maximin, while Newcastle are themselves understood to be interested in rescuing Werner from his west London nightmare this summer, according to Bild. As a result, a potential swap deal between the pair has been touted, but it's a transfer which is unlikely to appease Newcastle hero Shearer. The former Magpies No.9 previously proclaimed Werner "hasn't done enough in a Chelsea shirt" while insisting he and fellow pundit Ian Wright have been left "screaming" at the striker's poor movement. JUST IN: Newcastle 'contact' PSG star after submitting official request  Discussing Werner following the forward's faltering display in Chelsea's 1-1 draw with Manchester United last November, Shearer said on BBC's Match of the Day: “It wasn’t his day, he [Werner] hasn’t had enough days in the blue shirt of Chelsea. When you look at his record before he came to the Premier League with RB Leipzig, you would think with those goals there was a bit of a natural goalscorer in there. “But there’s not and the reason why there’s not is that he should actually get into so many good goalscoring positions because he trains with Reece James every day and plays with him every day. We watch Reece James, we know exactly what he’s good at, we know what he’s going to do and we know he’s going to get the ball into the box because of the quality. "He should get in there and he’ll find that he’ll have a tap-in. We were sitting screaming at the television this afternoon, myself and Wrighty.  “Exactly the same thing with [Hakim] Ziyech, who gets into a good position, if [Werner] moves into that position four or five yards out then there’s a tap-in. Again there was a complete and utter lack of movement." Should Eddie Howe add Werner to his ranks this summer, according to Shearer, the Newcastle boss would need to spend "hours and hours and hours" coaching the ex-Leipzig sharpshooter on the training ground. The Magpies icon also insisted Werner makes everything look far more complicated than it actually is. "He makes everything look far more difficult than it should be," Shearer added. "Someone should get him and spend hours and hours and hours on the training ground to improve his movement, then you will see those goal movements massively improve.”  