 Posting the video onto the MoneySaving Expert website this morning, Mr Lewis warned that the UK was about to hit a “financial cataclysm” and that it was going to hit this just as the UK is to get their new Prime Minister. Posting it to Twitter, he called the video a letter to the Conservative leadership candidates to “help” them understand the situation and urged them to bring the cost of living crisis to the “front and centre of the debate”. Mr Lewis accused the candidates of "ignoring" the "financial time bomb that's due to explode" just as the new Prime Minister takes power. He also stated that "more intervention and action” was needed and it needed to be quick.     Mr Lewis highlighted that the £400 energy bill rebate which the former Chancellor and Conservative party leader candidate Rishi Sunak announced in May will be “swallowed up” just by the energy price increase predictions alone. The energy price cap increase is set to be announced by Ofgem in August of this year and will be brought in in October. The energy price cap is set by Ofgem twice a year and reflects the wholesale costs of gas and electricity. In April, the energy price cap went up by 54 percent. This took it up to £1,971 per year for those on typical use. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     In May, the energy watchdog predicted that it would increase again by around 42 percent reaching £2,800 a year. However, according to the latest prediction from analysts at Cornwall Insight it is predicted to increase by around 65 percent. This will take the bills of those on typical use to around £3,244 per year. Mr Lewis told the Tory leader candidates that there was a “hard deadline coming” and without further action by the Government, he believes “lives could be lost”. Mr Lewis further explained that Ofgem’s October increase would cost around a third of the old state pension and over a third of the new.     He also detailed how it would look for those paying a set rate stating that Britons paying £100 for energy will be paying £165 in October and that someone paying £200 will see their monthly bill increase to £330. He did highlight that there was more money available for Britons on means-tested benefits, those on the State Pension, and those with disabilities. However, Mr Lewis stated that because the amounts that are being given had been based on the predictions the Government had back in May “it will not be enough now”. He further warned that the new Prime Minister will be in “situ” as the direct debits for energy increased and that will cause people to panic, adding that there will be “a risk to mental as well as physical health”. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack    One Twitter user accused Mr Lewis of “scaring” older people and that it wasn’t right that he was “dropping news like this” especially as “times are already worrying enough”. However, Mr Lewis responded and said: “I carefully thought about doing this. And yes it is scary but it isn't scaremongering. It's based on fact. It may be awful to contemplate, but the reality is coming, and people need warning. “Plus if enough people put pressure on NOW policy change to avoid the worst may happen.”     Mr Lewis also highlighted that some people will face an even bigger jump in their energy bills as those who have been protected by fixed rate tariffs will see these come to an end this year with many most likely not being able to switch. He also warned that people are unable to afford their debts and that it was “no surprise that credit card debt is rising.” Mr Lewis said: "I suspect after the first of October, it will explode and an explosion of consumer debt is crippling to individuals and the economy. "It means many people just about managing things will turn into people not managing at all."   