Arsenal are facing heartbreak as their midfield target Lucas Paqueta has previously outlined his decision-making process when selecting a new club. The Lyon ace has been tipped to turn his back on his current employers this summer and head to the Premier League, with the Gunners and Newcastle vying for his signature. Brazilian star Paqueta first moved to Europe at the start of 2019 when he left Flamengo in his homeland to sign for AC Milan. Ahead of the transfer, he was heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid but reportedly snubbed an offer from the Spanish giants to move to the San Siro. And the 24-year-old later explained his surprising decision. “Milan thought of everything and I believe that means a lot,” he said. “The career plan is very important in the life of a player leaving Brazil.” Paqueta is clearly focused on maximising his potential and taking his game to the next level. And that means he could prefer a move to Newcastle rather than Arsenal. The Magpies became the richest club in the world last autumn after they were taken over by a Saudi-led consortium. And the project at St James’ Park may now appeal to the midfielder, who would surely become a key figure under Eddie Howe as Newcastle look to become a force in the Premier League. READ MORE: Ronaldo's Man Utd tour absence goes on but new signing expected Arsenal have already signed forward Gabriel Jesus, winger Marquinhos, midfielder Fabio Vieira and goalkeeper Matt Turner this summer. And if Paqueta made the switch to the Emirates Stadium, he could well find himself wrestling with Vieira and Martin Odegaard for a place in Mikel Arteta’s starting line-up. Over the weekend it emerged that Paqueta has asked to leave Lyon during the current transfer window. And the French club’s president Jean Michel Aulas has now confirmed that there are offers on the table for the Brazil international. DON'T MISSHakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea futureJuventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circleRonaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future  “There are proposals for him,” Aulas told reporters. “There are certain players who can feel complete in the project and others who don’t. Economically, we have the means to pursue our ideas and objectives.” Paqueta joined Lyon from AC Milan two years ago after just one-and-a-half seasons in Italy and has impressed in Ligue 1, contributing 21 goals and 13 assists in 77 appearances for his current club. He has also become a regular for Brazil since moving to France and has now won 33 caps for his country. The ace was instrumental last summer as Brazil reached the final of the Copa America and will be hoping to play a key role for the team at this winter’s World Cup in Qatar. 