Dolly Rincon-Aguilar is alleged to have hit a crowd outside the Beatrix Potter Primary School in Earslfield, South London, at pick-up time in September 2020. The incident injured eleven people, including children. The 39-year-old denies eight counts of dangerous driving. She accepts the incident and injuries occurred, but claims she accidentally pressed the accelerator. Ms Rincon-Aguilar passed her driving test on her second attempt in 2019, a year before the incident. The court heard from a witness that pupils and parents were knocked down "like skittles" when the 4x4 mounted the pavement and uprooted a tree. The Toyota Rav4 surged forward and flung a seven-year-old boy into the air. Children as young as six were trapped beneath the vehicle. Nine people, four children and five adults, were rushed to hospital by paramedics. The casualties suffered "serious" fractures to faces, arms and legs. READ MORE: Train strikes LIVE: 'Couldn't run a bath!' Rayner skewers Shapps A woman told the court Ms Rincon-Aguilar’s face appeared "blank and frozen" as she drove forwards. She said: "There was a very loud metal grinding sound and I immediately felt a sense of danger. "I saw a car coming straight towards us. There was a sense of mayhem and panic." She added: "Dolly’s face looked blank and frozen. I wondered where her children were and saw her youngest son in the passenger seat." DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin Kate jokes Prince Louis is her only child that resembles her Brexit-hating Femi sparks outrage after 'horrible' Kate McCann tweet One of the casualties told jurors they thought they were going to die. They told the court: "I felt for a moment that, 'This is it'. I fell on the floor and a weight was on top of me. "I remember thinking, 'Where are the children?' I was lying on the pavement for about an hour before being moved to a wheelchair. "I didn’t feel pain until I got up and felt extreme pain." The court was shown footage of Ms Rincon-Aguilar being interviewed by police at the school in the immediate aftermath of the crash. In the clip, the mum said: "I was just collecting my kids in the car. "I put my foot in the gas and I tried to stop and suddenly the car just went really fast." She said she felt "panic" and attempted to "stop and turn”, and added: “I heard screaming and I tried to put the handbrake on.” According to forensic collision investigator PC Sean Wakeman, the incident was consistent with the accelerator accidentally being applied. He added: "This can only be due to panic or driver inexperience."