When moving through its home sign of Cancer, this Moon transit is often felt more strongly than other transits. Emotions can run wild and you might find yourself deep in nostalgic thoughts and feelings. However, watch out for the Mercury-Mars square today as whimsical sentiment can switch to aggression. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 26. The Moon will spend the next few days orbiting in protective Cancer until it moves into Leo on Thursday. While in a Cancer transit, we’re more likely to seek comfortable and familiar settings, according to Cafe Astrology. Cafe Astrology said: “The restlessness of the Gemini Moon gives way to an instinctive need for peace and quiet. “A feeling of belonging and safety is what motivates us under this influence.  READ MORE: Space: Babies to be born on the Moon by 2050  “The Moon feels right at home in the sign of Cancer, as it rules the sign. This Moon position has much healing potential. “Although insular by nature, our feelings run deep, making it an ideal time to get in touch with what motivates us.” The Cancer sign is maternal, sensitive, intuitive, and protective. This means if pushed during this transit, Cancer’s maternal and protective instinct might cause you to pounce, especially while defending others.  The Moon School said: “Watch this tendency in yourself and in other people under this lunar transit. “That depth of feeling may not need to be acted on in all situations.” When Mercury moves to square Mars at 8.12pm BST, feelings might switch to being more irritable, short-tempered, and aggressive, which isn't the most productive influence on a protective Cancer Moon transit. It’s important to be mindful of this because, like the Cancer Moon, it’ll last until Thursday, too.  DON'T MISS: Get rid of mosquitos in the house during heatwave using common herb [EXPLAINED]Brit travellers are 'more laid back' compared to US counterparts [ANALYSIS]How to make your garden quieter - 7 ways to block out noisy neighbours [INSIGHT]    Astrology King said: “We should watch for hasty communications and skipping steps”, as we might find ourselves “too quickly in disagreement, likely because we’re communicating ineffectively or impatiently.” It continued: “We may be competing for the floor when expressing our ideas, thoughts, and opinions, making it difficult to engage in healthy dialogue.” In this instance, Cafe Astrology advises listening carefully and thinking before speaking.  It continued: “Otherwise, disagreements, arguments, and even open hostility are possible. “Release built-up energy safely through creative projects or physical exercise.” 