Prince Harry spoke on Monday at the United Nations about seeking insight from the late Nelson Mandela during a time of global uncertainty and urged countries to take action on climate change. Accompanied by his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the couple held hands as they walked into UN headquarters in New York City to mark Nelson Mandela International Day, held annually on the former South African president's birthday. US commentator Meghan McCain slammed the royal for his comments. Speaking to GB News, Ms McCain said: "I was really shocked. The audacity of Prince Harry. "He is a guest in this country. Someone that has not universally beloved. "He is not universally liked. "He is very controversial, he and his wife. READ MORE: Prince Harry row as Duke accused of 'copying and pasting' William "Coming here in front of the United Nations and having a very deep misunderstanding of what our constitution is. "The Supreme Court exists to vote and have many judges who analyse and discuss and figure out what they think. "He has a very, very basic misunderstanding of democracy and democracy in America. "We have fantastic politicians in this country. No one cares what he has to say. "I found it really offensive and Meghan is floating running for president." In the UN General Assembly hall, Harry spoke about the threats from Russia's invasion of Ukraine, what he called the reversal of constitutional rights in the United States and the "weaponizing" of lies and disinformation. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life," he said. Mandela became South Africa's first Black president in 1994 after spending 27 years in prison during apartheid. He died in 2013 aged 95, but remains an icon for his struggle against apartheid and message of reconciliation. Harry warned about the impact of climate change on Africa and the world. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [VIDEO]Prince Harry told to 'hand back title' after breaking royal protocol [ANALYSIS]TV host slams Harry's friends for Duchess snubbing hunting trip [INSIGHT] "This crisis will only grow worse, unless our leaders lead, unless the countries represented by the seats in this hallowed hall make the decisions - the daring, transformative decisions - our world needs to save humanity," he said. Harry spoke about a 1997 photo taken in Capetown of Mandela and his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, which he said hangs on his wall. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away, what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. The playfulness, cheekiness even, pure delight to be in communion with another soul, so committed to serving humanity," he said. Harry described Africa as a "lifeline," saying: "It's where I felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I found a soulmate in my wife."