Last year, Prince Harry, 37, revealed he was penning an “intimate and heartfelt memoir” about his life. The Duke of Sussex called the book an “opportunity to tell my story”. He then said the account would be “accurate and wholly truthful”. He said: “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” He added: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” The memoir, published by Penguin Random House, will be the “definitive account” of the Duke’s “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons”. However, the exact publication date has not been made public. It is expected to hit the shelves at some point in the autumn. But Prince Harry "keeps stalling on edits", despite the "print date looming", an anonymous source has claimed. They described Prince Harry as "caught between a rock and a hard place, which is why he keeps stalling on edits". READ MORE: Royal Family: New masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US They told Heat Magazine it had "been going on like this for months". They added: "With the print date looming, he has to make a decision to officially put it on hold or pull the trigger and hope for the best." Earlier this week, it was claimed that the memoir, ghost-written by JR Moehringer, had been signed off by lawyers for publication. It was then reported that Penguin Random House was readying the tell-all for the US Thanksgiving and Christmas seasons. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [LIVE] Meghan and Harry slammed for alleged fears over Lili’s royal rank [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [VOTE] A publishing source told The Sun: “The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes. "It’s done and out of Harry’s hands. "The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year.” The publication date has been a source of anticipation and speculation, after the memoir did not appear on a list of expected publications for Penguin Random House. Roya Nikkhah, royal expert and correspondent for The Times, told The Royal Beat: “When Prince Harry’s book finally appears is an interesting question. “We’re expecting it in late 2022 and yet we don’t seem to be seeing any sign of it.” When The Royal Beat host Kate Thornton commented, “Well, it’s certainly not on any publishers' ‘to be released’ list that we know of yet", Ms Nikkhah questioned whether the Queen had an impact on the publication date. She replied: “No, and it may be that an amazing surprise drops in the autumn. "I personally question whether or not the things Harry wants to say he will want to say during the Queen’s lifetime. I’m not sure." 