The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined members of the Royal Family watching Trooping from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. But according to royal commentator Camilla Tominey, the couple left before the special RAF flypast. Although they were banned from watching from Buckingham Palace's balcony, they could have joined other non-working royals on the roof of St James’s Palace for the display of over 70 aircraft filling the skies with red, white and blue plumes. However Harry and Meghan reportedly made their way home to their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage instead. Ms Tominey claimed they missed a lunch with royal cousins who gathered after Trooping. Writing for the Telegraph, she said: "The swift exit meant the couple also avoided a family lunch with royal cousins, including Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips, after watching the parade of pomp and pageantry together from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards." Ms Tominey cited several sources as saying the cousins had planned to visit Harry and Meghan at Frogmore later that day but the lunch went on longer than planned. An insider added: “It was quite boozy and went on well into the early evening, by which point there was no time to get to Windsor to see the Sussexes.” Harry and Meghan travelled from the US to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. However they kept a low profile and were absent from many of the festivities. READ MORE: Prince William 'unhappy' Meghan using royal title in politics row They were pictured through a window watching Trooping the Colour, which marked the start of the extended weekend. The Sussexes stepped out in public alongside the Windsors for the first time in more than two years since Megxit for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. However, their relegated seats were a clear sign of their change in royal status. Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, while working royals filled the front-row chairs. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry warned 'the Firm wins' if new Oprah chat goes aheadHarry being 'dragged around like performing seal' since meeting MeghanMeghan and Harry 'insist' The Crown 'stop before reaching us' They were far across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate. The couple did not attend the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace. And they reportedly jetted back to California before the Pageant on the final day of celebrations. The Sussexes' return to the UK came just over a year after they made a series of explosive claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview. They accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about their son Archie. Harry has also been embroiled in an ongoing rift with his older brother William and has a troubled relationship with his father Charles. The Jubilee marked the first time the couple had travelled back to Harry's home with their two children Archie and Lilibet since quitting royal duties in 2020 for a new life across the pond. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes for comment. 