Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) has been avoiding telling her new husband Phill (Jamie Kenna) that she's rekindled her romance with Tyrone (Alan Halsall) on Coronation Street. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Fiz and Tyrone go behind Phill's back to attend couples' therapy but it looks as though Fiz could be in grave danger if she's caught out by Phill. The machinist tied the knot with Phill during a dramatic episode of the soap despite Tyrone admitting he still loved her.  It came after she admitted she still loved Tyrone but could never trust him again after his affair with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu).  Fiz is now caught in a love triangle as she has not been able to tell Phill she is back together with Tyrone.  Could Phill turn to murder if the truth about Fiz's affair with her ex-lover comes to light in upcoming scenes?  The machinist tied the knot with Phill during a dramatic episode of the soap despite Tyrone admitting he still loved her. It came after she admitted she still loved Tyrone but could never trust him again after his affair with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu). Fiz is now caught in a love triangle as she has not been able to tell Phill she is back together with Tyrone. Could Phill turn to murder if the truth about Fiz's affair with her ex-lover comes to light in upcoming scenes?  READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit ITV soap spoilers have revealed Fiz and Tyrone are set to attend a therapy session as a couple. When Fiz lets slip she likes a man in uniform Phill calls at the factory dressed as Richard Gear from An Officer and a Gentleman and to Fiz’s horror, attempts to lift her up. Phill injures himself and when he is rushed to A&E he admits defeat and promises he will sign the annulment form. However, he later begs her to attend couples' therapy with him and she's stunned when it turns out to be the same therapist she and Tyrone are seeing.  Later on, the therapist makes it clear to Fiz that she’s not impressed with all of her lies and deceit. Meanwhile, Phill realises he has left his phone at the therapist who is in the middle of talking to Fiz and Tyrone. Will he walk in on Fiz and Tyrone's appointment with the therapist and find out the truth? Phill's head of heels for Fiz and would be left heartbroken by her infidelity - would he kill her in a jealous rage?  DON'T MISS...Sally Dynevor health: ‘It was unbelievable’ star's past condition  [LATEST]Strictly eyeing up footballing legend and Corrie star to sign up [UPDATE]Coronation Street fans gobsmacked by pre-watershed sex scenes [REACTION] Some soap fans were left fearing for Fiz's life and took to Twitter to voice their opinions on the storyline. @VampLover 27 tweeted: "Is Phil gonna turn out to be John Stape’s brother and kill Fizz in revenge #Corrie?" Another user said: "I reckon Phill's gonna turn into a serial killer now, then he can write about himself #corrie." @Juani983 said: "Phill won’t let it go. He’s turning into a stalker. I can feel the secondhand embarrassment from here. #Corrie" 