According to the Met Office, “exceptional, perhaps record-breaking, temperatures are likely” in parts of Britain on Monday and Tuesday, with some regions expected to reach 40C (104F). The agency has issued it’s first-ever red warning for heat, urging citizens to treat the incoming heatwave as a major incident and to make “substantial changes in working practices and daily routines”. While climate change and the impact it has on the nation’s weather is a certainty, this is not the first time Britain has experienced soaring temperatures. The summer of 1976 in North Devon saw an unlikely business opportunity skyrocketing in demand: plastic buckets. The town of Northam took drastic action to conserve what little water resources they had left after a long, dry winter left the region in drought and incoming heat led to increasing water security fears. Water supplies direct to homes and businesses were completely shut off. People collected water from where they could in buckets, with residents in a town near Bideford queuing in the street to fill up their buckets at standpipes.  The inconvenience of losing direct water supply paired with the hot temperatures was not the best pairing, and the bucket method meant individuals could only take as much as they could carry. While it was an undeniably devastating circumstance, it was also the most exemplary moment of community. People rallied together to help collect and move water to where it was needed most, and even a simple gossip in line for the standpipe was enough to raise spirits. Other areas also struggled under the severe temperatures of the 1976 summer, with each in a unique debacle of its own making. Brighton, for example, was hit by the heatwave whilst their bin workers were on strike.  But this didn’t stop people from heading to the beach, where many pictures began to surface of Britains enjoying the sun next to piles of rotting rubbish. While people did eventually begin to notice the smell, across the country in East Sussex there were far bigger problems at hand. It is believed fire crews in the area had to deal with as many as 70 blazes in just 24 hours. A record-breaking series of heath fires scoured the land with firemen on high alert across the country. In Brighton, workers at the Department of Health and Social Security walked out of their offices once temperatures inside heat 32C. Since it ended, the summer of 1976 has become a part of national history and has been socially dubbed as the ultimate comparison for hot temperatures. However, it wasn’t necessarily the heat that made that summer so particularly difficult but also the dry weather leading up to it which saw many areas’ water reservoirs dipping worryingly low and causing severe droughts. The dry weather originally started in 1975, lasting all the way until the end of summer 1976. At the time people were encouraged to save water wherever possible, leaving their cars dirty and using dish or bath water to hydrate their plants. One often reported myth of the time was that the government sought such extreme water-saving methods that they encouraged people to bathe with a friend. While this has since been revealed as false, the government did appoint an emergency minister for drought, proving the scale and severity of the weather conditions. None of these emergency measures have been taken on currently, despite record-setting temperatures felt across the country this summer. Devon residents have also once again been urged to save water wherever possible, with the main idea this time round is cutting shower time down. South West Water has urged people in West Country counties to save five litres of water every day. It is believed this will help maintain reservoir levels and perhaps avoid the water cuts Devon experienced in 1976. An additional strain on water levels this time round is tourism after the pandemic, as people flood to have their first real summer holiday in years and economies yearn for their pennies too. What has since happened to the plastic buckets of Northam is unknown, although it could be fair to say some are seeing the light of day this summer as paddling pool accessories.