On Monday, the President was giving a speech on gun law reform in the United States following the introduction of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act. The Act will see reforms made to the mental health system, school safety programmes, and gun safety laws. The speech on the White House South Lawn was to celebrate the passages of the first major federal gun safety law in thirty years. The Act will extend background checks on those purchasing guns under the age of 21, clarification of Federal Firearms License requirements, and funding for red flag laws along with other things. In a statement from the White House Briefing Room, it was said that the Act is “the most significant gun violence legislation to pass Congress in 30 years.” Manuel Oliver lost his son Joaquin, 17, who was with 14 other students and three staff members who were killed in a mass shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida in 2018. As the President began to speak at the event Mr Oliver stood up and shouted: “we have to do more than that! “We’ve already gone through this for years and years!” President Biden lashed out saying “sit down, you’ll hear what I have to say” before sympathising and saying, “Let him talk, let him talk, ok?”, however security was already busy removing him. READ MORE: ‘You’re second last!’: Shapps bid for Tory leadership blasted by polls Previously on Monday, Mr Oliver stated his objections to the event being celebratory following the mass shooting at an Uvalde high school in Texas which killed 19 children and two teachers. He had tweeted: “The word CELEBRATION has no space in a society that saw 19 kids massacred just a month ago.” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters: “Our hearts go out” to Oliver who the President has met before. DON'T MISS: Drunk royalist bit grandad's face accusing him of hating the Queen (REVEAL)Nadine Dorries mulls over entering crowded Tory leadership race (INSIGHT)Nadine Dorries believes Boris will return - ‘He’ll be back!’ (COMMENT) She continued: “The President agrees with him. He agrees that we need to do more.” During the speech, President Biden once again called for a ban on assault weapons saying that the United States is “awash in weapons of war”. He said: “Assault weapons need to be banned. I am determined to ban these weapons again.”