Lewis Hamilton crashed out of qualifying for the Austrian Grand Prix after a heavy shunt at turn seven. The Mercedes star suffered a loss of traction midway through the corner which chucked him off the track. Hamilton then stuck a wheel on the gravel which sucked him into the barrier.  His car was destroyed in the incident with heavy damage on the front right hand side. The session was immediately red flagged while the accident was cleared from the side of the circuit. FIA doctor Ian Roberts ran towards Hamilton to check on him after the accident. However, the Briton was okay after the crash and managed to get out of the car off his own accord. He was seen getting out of the medical car back in the paddock minutes later suggesting he may need to go for some precautionary checks. Speaking on team radio, Hamilton said: “Damn, I am so sorry guys. I'm so sorry to damage the car.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton in Austrian Grand Prix blow as race engineer Bono away  Hamilton sounded like he was struggling for breath as he asked his engineers what position he was in. Hamilton said: “Where did we end up? What position am I?" His race engineer, Marcus Dudley, responded: “We are still waiting for the rest of the session. We are currently P8 and we are going to end up in P10.” However, Dudley then suggested Hamilton's lap would have been quick enough for second if he had completed the run. Dutch fans were heard cheering as footage of Hamilton slumped in the wall was broadcast around the trackside televisions. Austria is a second-home race for Max Verstappen with the trackside covered in orange T-shirts. The track is also a home race for Red Bull, whose owner Dietrich Mateschitz owns the circuit. DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel's X-rated team radio message during Austrian GP [INSIGHT]Lando Norris' car catches fire during Austrian Grand Prix practice [ANALYSIS]Hamilton worried about Austrian GP but changes mind on Mercedes car [COMMENT]   The Silver Arrows appeared to be more competitive in Austria, with Hamilton only just a fraction slower than Red Bull and Ferrari in the opening stages of qualifying. Team-mate George Russell was then involved in a huge accident at turn 10 minutes after the session was restarted. The Mercedes rookie lost control of the rear-end through the final corner and slammed into the wall. The impact destroyed the back of the car and brought out the second red flag of the final part of qualifying.