Chelsea may have already hinted that they will not raid Manchester United to sign Cristiano Ronaldo this summer as they have made Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling their priority ahead of the new season. Ronaldo reportedly wants to call time on his career at Old Trafford and didn’t turn up for pre-season training on Monday morning due to “family reasons”. United signed Ronaldo for a second time last summer after prising him away from Juventus. And he bagged 24 goals in all competitions during his first season back at Old Trafford. But the Red Devils endured a miserable campaign as they finished sixth in the Premier League and missed out of Champions League qualification. Ronaldo is said to be unwilling to waste the last few years of his career at a team who can’t provide him with Champions League football and has been linked with the likes of Bayern Munich, Napoli and Paris Saint-Germain. But Chelsea have recently entered the fray to sign the 37-year-old as new owner Todd Boehly wants to mark the beginning of his Stamford Bridge tenure with a marquee signing. Ronaldo would surely guarantee the Blues plenty of goals after their struggles last season. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer' But, according to CBS Sports Golazo, Chelsea have not made any offer for Ronaldo and there is no real indication that their manager Thomas Tuchel wants him. The Portugal international was discussed in a meeting between his agent Jorge Mendes and Boehly - but Chelsea are focusing on Sterling and a full agreement for the England international is very close and expected to be finalised early this week. Chelsea scored 76 goals in the Premier League last season, with only Manchester City and Liverpool registering more strikes. But, incredibly, the Blues failed to find the back of the net more than once in 17 of their top-flight encounters as they often struggled to break down opposition defenders. And Sterling is seen as a player who can help the team overcome that problem. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  The talented ace has hit double figures for Premier League goals in each of the last five campaigns and has helped Pep Guardiola’s side win four league titles in that time. But he fell out of favour last season and was left out of the City team for both legs of their Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid, as well as their Premier League title-decider against Aston Villa. The 27-year-old only has one more year remaining on his contract at the Etihad Stadium. And if he can agree terms at Stamford Bridge, he could well jump at the opportunity to embark on a new chapter of his career. 