First Dates is one of the UK's most popular dating shows catering to a wide range of ages. The show sees singletons sent on blind dates with someone who the creators think could be their "perfect match". The Channel 4 series wouldn't be the same without its lovable staff tending to their guests' every need during their dates. Sam Conrad was part of the First Dates team during the early days of the reality series on Channel 4. He was always on hand to calm down the nerves of anxious daters and listen to the concerns of those in need. He also had plenty of chemistry with waitress Cici Coleman who still remains on the show. Sadly, Sam wasn't in the 2021 season of First Dates and won't be back for future episodes. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to First Dates' Cici Coleman about the upcoming season and what goes on behind the scenes. When questioned on Sam's whereabouts, Cici explained he has now gone down a different career path. While she couldn't remember the exact job title, she said that Sam is into "film tech" and "lives all over". Cici also indicated why Sam did decide to quit the popular Channel 4 show.  She said: "I just think for him, you can either do the TV thing or you can't and he just loved the graft. "The other side of it, people start to recognise you, it suits some people and doesn't suit others." "I do, all of us, we're in a Whatsapp group and we were all talking last night because the Pride version [of First Dates] is on and it's so nice to see him and Austin [Ventour] and all the others pop back up, so all of us still talk." Sam posts very little on his social media, only giving his followers a rare update from time to time. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO]Cici Coleman boyfriend: Is the First Dates waitress in a relationship? [CAST]Fred Sirieix unveils 'dream first date' in rare personal life insight [REVEALED] In terms of his personal life, it isn't clear if Sam is currently in a relationship. Back in 2019, he did post a blurry picture of the back of a man, dancing with a woman in a wedding dress. The caption simply read: "First Dance in space" but there are no congratulatory comments or follow-up posts that point to him being the groom. This may have simply been a wedding that Sam attended at the time as it is believed he remains single.  First Dates fans will be delighted to know that it will be returning for season 19. An official release date hasn't been confirmed just yet but Cici told Express.co.uk that there won't be long to wait. According to the First Dates star, series 19 will premiere sometime in July 2022. First Dates is available to watch on All4. 