False claims were made about Alexandra Pettifer – who as a nanny to Princes William and Harry was known as Tiggy Legge-Bourke – in a bid to secure the now notorious 1995 interview with Princess Diana. Malice and deceit has no place in reporting, and it is right that the BBC has agreed to pay “substantial damages”. Mr Davie has apologised to Mrs Pettifer as well as the Prince of Wales and the Dukes of Cambridge and Sussex. People throughout the BBC will seethe with anger that the high standards for which the broadcaster is rightly renowned were abandoned on this occasion. Mr Davie’s BBC should not be pilloried for what occurred in a very different era. There are occasions when even the most respected journalistic teams make serious mistakes or are betrayed by a rogue reporter; when this happens it is important that it admits its errors, apologises, and ensures there is no repeat of the outrages. The director-general has demonstrated a true commitment to impartiality and the daily work of brilliant men and women in this great British institution is admired around the world. There are good reasons to hope the BBC has learnt from appalling mistakes that will never be repeated.  It is horrifying to learn that just one in 20 crimes recorded by police results in a suspect being charged. This is the lowest percentage on record and constitutes a scandal that should alarm us all. What has gone wrong that so many victims of crime do not get to see justice? Are our police forces fit for purpose? Our society will be a frightening place to live if criminals believe they can get away with horrendous acts. The broken elements of our criminal justice system must be repaired without delay and the protection of the innocent must be prioritised. Tory leadership contender Liz Truss has displayed her sure-footed political instincts with her pledge to stage an immediate review into the taxation of families. Parents across Britain will be delighted to hear that this will investigate whether people are penalised if they take time out of work to care for family members and their children. The dedication of carers to their loved ones is humbling. It is vital that our tax system recognises their critical contribution to our national life and that they do not lose out for doing the right thing. 