Chelsea's long-awaited 'first formal offer' to sign Jules Kounde has reportedly arrived at Sevilla. The Blues registered their interest in Kounde 12 months ago, but were put off by Sevilla's asking price. The Frenchman was the priority target for Thomas Tuchel last summer and initially thought an agreement was in place to sign Kounde. But the Spanish outfit raised their asking price by £12.8million, forcing Chelsea to pull out of the deal. The Blues have maintained an interest in signing the central defender though and have been the frontrunners to make their move this time around. Diego Carlos' departure to Aston Villa threatened to ruin any chance of Kounde getting his move away from Sevilla. But the La Liga outfit have hinted that they're open to offers this summer still and are asking for a bid in the region of £55m. Chelsea aren't alone in showing an interest in Kounde though with Barcelona said to have the defender as their top priority.  Barcelona have already made big moves for Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha this summer while Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen have also joined as free agents. However, the Blues have now seemingly moved ahead of Barcelona in the race to sign Kounde. According to Marca, Chelsea have submitted their 'first formal offer' worth in the region of £47m. The offer still falls short of Sevilla's asking price of £55m and they reportedly aren't willing to accept anything lower. But Sevilla are hoping that Barcelona are able to spark a bidding war in the final few weeks of the transfer window. Barcelona are said to have a number of issues in their interest in Kounde though, the main one being that Sevilla do not want a player-plus-cash deal.  The other aspect potentially preventing Barcelona from making a move for Kounde is the Frenchman's move to Chelsea will likely free up Cesar Azpilicueta to move to the Nou Camp. Barcelona's financial prowess this summer have already raised eyebrows, considering the situation they faced 12 months ago where they had to let Lionel Messi go. The club's board decided to sell future TV and merchandise rights earlier this summer with Joan Laporta stating at the time that he was hoping it would raise around £600m in immediate cash. But that still falls short of the near £1billion debt the club faces while their salary limit was incredibly negative to around £120m. Some of the big earners at the club have taken huge wage cuts to help keep the bill down, but they're now owed millions.