Stranger Things season four has returned to Netflix with its second volume and it was an emotional rollercoaster. Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn), leader of The Hellfire Club, proved himself to be a hero. Fans are keen to find out more about the star, including his age. Joseph Quinn joined the cast of Stranger Things for the latest season as the quirky Dungeons and Dragons master, Eddie Munson. He was on the run after being accused of killing Crissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien) in the first part of the season. In volume two, he went back into the Upside Down with a plan to take down Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). Fans have fallen in love with the brave character and the actor who plays him. Joseph Quinn is a British actor, known for his roles in Dickensian and Catherine the Great. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ending explained: Does Max die? He is 29 years old, celebrating his birthday on May 13. He was born in 1993 and celebrated his special day a couple of months ago. The Eddie star was born and raised in South London, attending the Emanuel School. He had been awarded a scholarship to join their drama program. Following this, he went to drama school at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, graduating in 2015. One of his first roles out of school was as Arthur Havisham in BBC One's Dickensian in 2015. Since then he has appeared on both stage and screen in Game of Thrones, Wish List, Strike and Howards End. In 2019 he was cast as Eddie Munson and filming for the fourth season of Stranger Things started in 2021. The star opened up about working with Jamie Campbell Bower as the terrifying Vecna. He told People: "It's so funny because he's kind of terrifying on camera and then you see him with these massive fingers and then kind of in-between takes, he's got a ciggy in between them. DON'T MISS...Raphael Luce age: How old is Stranger Things’ young Henry Creel star? [EXPLAINER] Jamie Campbell Bower wife: Is the Stranger Things Vecna star married? [INSIGHT] Stranger Things' Max star Sadie Sink admits 'body needs a break' [INTERVIEW] "It's kind of hilarious, this tiny cigarette and these big fingers. "And just kind of watching him have an iced coffee is a pretty surreal sight." The star said he would have liked to have had a shot at playing Vecna, adding: "That would have been a fun one." Quinn enjoyed exploring Eddie's vulnerability, as well as his heroic side. By the final episode, he really put his bravery to the test.  He used his love of music to draw the evil creatures away from the rest of the gang. Standing on the roof of his trailer, he blasted out Master of Puppets by Metallica. He had become close to Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and fans fell in love with their bromance. They will be keen to find out what other projects actor Quinn has lined up following his stellar performance.   Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now.