A familiar war of words between Red Bull and Mercedes has already kicked off ahead of this weekend's Austrian Grand Prix. The 2022 F1 season lands at the Red Bull Ring after a scintillating race weekend at Silverstone; Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton will hope to fit in with Red Bull and their title rivals Ferrari again. The British Grand Prix could've been worse for Red Bull, with Sergio Perez finishing in P2 and Max Verstappen losing just six points on Charles Leclerc. However, they are vying to return to winning ways on their home race weekend, during which Verstappen has won three of the last four Austrian GPs. No one is looking forward to the weekend's festivities more than Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko, who has expressed his excitement for something away from the racing - the schnitzel. However, he made a point to exclude Lewis Hamilton from the enjoyment of the meaty delicacy... In his latest column for the Kronen Zeitung, Marko joked: "It [Spielberg] lacks the flair of a big city like Singapore a bit, but the drivers love it. They are really hospitable, and of course, you have the schnitzel. Except for Hamilton because he is vegan." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's warning to Ferrari and Red Bull after British GP Marko has also backed the crowd at the Red Bull Ring to follow the incredible support at Silverstone. Around 400,000 fans descended upon the famous track last weekend to watch the best race of the season so far, and Marko expects another lively showing for Verstappen and the team. "The growth of F1 is incredible," the 79-year-old continued. "We had 400,000 fans at Silverstone, and with such a race, the popularity will only increase further. The Red Bull Ring will also be packed. I am personally looking forward to this weekend. We just need to make sure that all the attention on Max passes him by a bit so that he can rest for the race." READ MORE: Gary Lineker divides fans after supporting Silverstone protestors Red Bull continue to dominate both standings after the 10th race of the 2022 campaign. Verstappen (181 points) and Perez (147 points) sit in first and second in the drivers' standings, accumulating 328 points for Red Bull in the constructors' standings, 63 more than second-placed Ferrari. There is no better place to extend their lead than in the Austrian Grand Prix, in which they can flaunt their blistering pace on the high-speed track to trump Ferrari and Mercedes again. But while he may be the butt of Marko's jokes now, Hamilton could be feeling the momentum from his podium place at Silverstone and eyeing another impressive showing...