The Deputy Labour Leader fumed at the Conservative party during a House of Commons address as Boris Johnson announced he would remain in office as interim Prime Minister over the summer, despite his resignation on Thursday morning. Angela Rayner questioned when the Government “chaos” would end as a tidal wave of resignations has rocked the organisation of the Conservative leadership. A series of high-profile Cabinet departures has brought the authority of the remaining Tory Government into question as some ministers have advocated for a caretaker Prime Minister to oust Mr Johnson at the earliest possibility.    Speaking in the House of Commons, Ms Rayner said: “What contingency plans are in place to deal with emergencies in the short term, Mr Speaker?” The Deputy Labour Leader continued: “The Prime Minister has said he will stay on as caretaker - how many more months of chaos does this country have to endure? “Dozens of ministerial posts unfilled - who on Earth will join the Prime Minister’s Government now? “How will a half empty Cabinet run the country until October?” She concluded: “Mr Speaker, they will try desperately to change the person at the top, but it is the same old Tory party in Government.”    Ms Rayner highlighted that the new Education Secretary Michelle Donelan had resigned from her role just 36 hours after her appointment had been announced. “There is not a single member in the Department of Education,” she declared, as junior ministers under Ms Donelan also stepped down. The Labour MP also drew attention towards the economic strain of rising inflation and the ongoing war against Russian aggression in Ukraine as core areas of concern. She suggested the unfolding disruption of the Government threatened to undermine the vital political agenda as Parliament grappled to address the crisis in leadership. Read more: Rayner sparks fury as she slams Johnson for Pincher appointment     Conservative Minister Michael Ellis replied: “I cannot preempt the Prime Minister’s statement and the House and the nation will hear more very shortly. “Government and the civil service will continue to function in the meantime. “The business of the House statement will be made shortly and members can ask questions of the Leader of the House of Commons about the matter of the business of this place. “The House will continue to function and Government business will continue to function.” Don't miss: Cummings warns of 'CARNAGE' if Boris not forced out TODAY [REVEAL]'Bye bye Boris!' Bundestag channels Steve Bray [REPORT]Top MP tells Boris to go NOW and not wait until autumn [ANALYSIS]  He added: “Other Secretaries of State can deal with issues for other departments, constitutionally and legally, in necessary circumstances.” The Commons exchange of Thursday morning preceded the Prime Minister’s formal statement on his resignation, expected around midday. Mr Johnson has expressed that he intends to remain in office to serve the interim period over the summer months as Tory candidates battle for Conservative leadership. However, some ministers have suggested it would be more appropriate to appoint a caretaker Prime Minister in an effort to reform aspects of the Cabinet and provide stable governance for the coming weeks. Read next: Rishi's wife serves TEA to press amid Conservative Party revolt'My head is spinning' Kay Burley shook over Zahawi's confidence letterSeven Tory leadership hopefuls that could replace Boris JohnsonElection polls: Who would win an election right now?Boris Johnson may face another vote of confidence NEXT week 