Girls Aloud stars Cheryl, Nadine Coyle, Kimberley Walsh and Nicola Roberts took part in Sunday’s Race For Life in memory of Sarah Harding. Sarah died in September aged just 39 following a battle with breast cancer. Cheryl, Nadine and Nicola reunited at London’s Hyde Park to take part in the 5k run in Sarah’s honour.Kimberley also took part but was unable to join her friends in London so ran in her hometown accompanied by her family members.Speaking at the charity race, Cheryl admitted that she still hasn’t processed Sarah’s death.She said: “To be honest, I’ve never experienced or anticipated this grief. READ MORE:'Shady ladies' Amanda Owen shares family update amid Clive split “You know, I’ve lost grandparents when I was younger and I lost a friend when I was younger but nothing like this, the feeling of shock and disbelief and it still lingers now to be honest.  “I still can’t quite believe it’s real.“It hasn’t even been a year. It doesn’t feel like she’s gone at all.”Nicola also said that the group “don’t feel like Girls Aloud” without Sarah’s “electric” personality. She said: “Sarah's energy was like a firework so I feel like that huge difference in energy when she's not there."I think that for us right now, we don't feel like Girls Aloud. We don't feel like a band without Sarah. She, like I said just now, was such a huge part of our energy that it doesn't feel like that." Hundreds of people took part in the Race For Life For Sarah in a bid to raise funds for life-saving breast cancer research.After completing the race, Cheryl took to Instagram to thank her fans for making the day “easier”. DON'T MISSVILE! Jeremy Clarkson savaged for taking 'xenophobic' swipe at Brexit[INSIGHT]'Emotions high' Janette Manrara marks milestone with Aljaz ending[NEWS]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change[LATEST] The singer shared a snap of herself, Nadine and Nicola wearing their bright pink Race For Life t-shirts and wrote: “I had such a gorgeous day seeing and catching up with you all.  “You made it easier and much better. Sarah would be so happy! Thank you from the bottom of my heart for coming together to try and fight this! I love you.”Sarah confirmed that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer back in August 2020.  In December that year, Sarah documented her battle in her autobiography, Hear Me Out, in the hope that it would encourage others to get checked. According to the NHS website, the symptoms of breast cancer are: