Kate Middleton and Princess Beatrice have both worn white and black polka dot dresses to quintessentially British events, Kate to Royal Ascot this year and Beatrice to Wimbledon in 2021. The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out for day four of Royal Ascot on June 17, 2022, giving Audrey Hepburn a run for her money. She opted for a white gown covered in dark brown polka dots by go-to designer Alessandra Rich. The asymmetric gown had pleats on one side of the bodice. It boasted a high collar and cuffed sleeves. READ MORE: Kate Middleton perfect in polka dots for Wimbledon final - pictures The dress was belted at the waist to accentuate the Duchess' stunning figure. As for accessories, the royal opted for a Sally Ann Provan cartwheel hat which featured an array of beautiful white flowers. In one hand she carried a petite suede brown clutch. She wore a pair of pumps in the same colour, from Gianvito Rossi. As for hair and makeup, the Duchess swept her hair into a bun at the nape of her neck, unveiling a pair of diamond and pearl drop earrings. For a pop of colour, Kate went for a bold pink lip and bronze smokey eye. Royal fans went crazy for Kate's Royal Ascot look. @copel008 stated: "My goodness, she looks spectacular!" READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Crown Princess Mary 'near style twins' in same dress @cynthia_sewell_moser added: "Every single component looks perfect!! Kate looks cool and classy...My Fair Lady!!" But the Duchess of Cambridge wasn't the first royal to stun in a white dress and dark polka dots. A pregnant Princess Beatrice donned a white dress with black polka dots on July 8, 2021 to watch a match at Wimbledon. The dress boasted balloon sleeves and a ruffled bodice. Like Kate's dress, Beatrice's also featured a white buckle belt. She accessorised with a vibrant red mask, two gold bracelets and a chic pair of huge black sunglasses. The Princess was glowing in barely-there makeup, with just a sweep of gold eyeshadow. Instagram user @dkavanagh12 said: "Absolutely gorgeous." @kerryquin added that the royal looked "phenomenal".