Stallone famously said that "I hated him on sight" when the 6'4 star was cast opposite him in 1985 as Ivan Drago in the epic boxing franchise. Despite such a 'Rocky' start, over the subsequent decades the stars have gone on to build up a warm friendship. However, Sly has just furiouosly broadcast to the world that their relationship is over – and he blames his Rocky IV co-star entirely, saying he has been completely "betrayed." Stallone is apoplectic about a planned spin-off from the Rocky franchise, claiming he feels like his "ownership" of the characters he created has been violated and completely dismissed. Although it will primarily be an origin story about Drago's early years, Lundgren will also feature in the upcoming MGM project. Good news for his career, but bad for his friendship with Sly. Stallone posted: "By the way, I once had nothing but respect for Dolph but he NEVER told me about what was going on behind my back with the character I created for him !!! REAL FRIENDS Are more precious than gold." The actor was even more vicious about long-term Rocky producer Irwin Winkler, who is behind the project. Sly said: "ONCE AGAIN, IRWIN WINKLER , this PATHETIC 94 year old PRODUCER and HIS MORONIC VULTURE CHILDREN, Charles And David, are once again picking clean THE BONES of another wonderful character I created without even telling me." Stallone has the sole writing credit on Rocky IV and was famously Oscar-nominated for the original Rocky screenplay, so his sense of betrayal is understandable. In the past hour, he just posted another furious message: However, news of the planned spin-off has been rumbling around the industry since last November. At the same time, Lundgren also finally answered the long-running reports that he had put Stallone in hospital. Sly had reignited the tale when he was promoting the new re-release of 1985's Rocky IV, subtitled Rocky Vs Drago: The Ultimate Director's Cut. Stallone said: "I had to find a superhuman being as an opponent, someone who would be overwhelming... And then Dolph Lundgren walked in, and I hated him immediately... This is what I would imagine they would create as an athlete — someone who is literally perfect. Indestructible. Shoulders, calves, forearms, giant butt, neck, back, everything." He added: "He hit me so hard, he almost stopped my heart. I told him, 'Why don’t we just do it? Just try to knock me out. Really cut loose as hard as you can.' That was a really stupid thing to say." DON'T MISSFrank Sinatra and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned down same iconic roleSylvester Stallone got Richard Gere sacked before 'fistfight'Clint Eastwood refused Sean Connery film role despite 'massive' salary Incredibly, the actor revealed that the first time he was smashed to the floor is the take that remains in the finished cut of the movie. Asked about it last year in a fan Q&A, Lundgren said: "We shot those 15 rounds over two or three weeks, eight or 12 hours a day, so you're throwing thousands of punches. If you don't connect, it looks a bit fake, but it doesn't mean you want to hurt the other guy. But there were no hard feelings." But did he really put Stallone is hospital or not? The Swedish star added: "I don't know. He keeps talking about it, so maybe he's right. "He did go to the hospital, but I don't know whether it was my punches or the fact that he was so overworked as the director, actor and writer." The 64-year-old actor also clarified that Stallone may have "hated" how physically impressive Lundgren was, but he also used every trick as a director to make him look even bigger. Lundgren added: "I am taller than him, so it's all about camera angles. A lot of times, they put me on a box. When I come into the press conference in my uniform, I have lifts in my shoes. "Stallone was clever to exaggerate the difference. Less talented actors would try to make themselves look bigger against the other guy, but he knew that, by building up the opponent, it made him look better at the end." SYLVESTER STALLONE INSTAGRAM