Paulo Dybala is reportedly evaluating transfer interest from Manchester United after Inter Milan put his signing on standby. Dybala is currently a free agent after leaving Juventus at the end of his contract. The Argentina international's exit from Juve ended a seven-year stay at the club. Inter were thought to be leading the race for his signature. However, Sky Italy claims Dybala has now been put on the backburner by the San Siro club. AC Milan, Napoli and Roma have also been linked with the 28-year-old but they are yet to make an official offer. Now the player is looking at his options abroad in both England and Spain. United are interested, especially due to the uncertainty over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo offered to Barcelona, third Man Utd deal ordered, Arsenal blow  Ronaldo has told United he wants to leave the club this summer. The 37-year-old wants to continue playing in the Champions League. If Ronaldo was to go, it would leave United without a recognised striker in their squad, with Edinson Cavani having left at the end of his contract. Dybala can play as a No 9 but his versatility means he can operate in a number of positions. Former Crystal Palace midfielder Darren Ambrose does not think Dybala would be able to fill the boots left by Ronaldo. He instead reckons linking the former team-mates up at Old Trafford would be the best case scenario for Erik ten Hag. Ambrose said on talkSPORT: "I think they should [sign Dybala] if Ronaldo stays. I don't feel he's a suitable replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to sign Cristiano Ronaldo's former team-mate in attempt to keep superstarTaylor's Transfers: Tottenham track 'next Haaland', Chelsea exit stalls, Leeds double dealMan Utd could do four swap deals for Cristiano Ronaldo including Chelsea trade  "He's a fantastic player but he hasn't got the numbers that Ronaldo gets, he doesn't score as many goals. Whether he can do that in a Manchester United side remains to be seen. "But the best thing that can happen to Manchester United with Ronaldo is to put a partner next to him that works hard, and Dybala will do the press, he will do the squeeze, he's a fantastic player. Keep them both. "Sign Dybala and keep Ronaldo, play them together, see how that works out. He wouldn't be a replacement if Ronaldo left but yeah I expect Manchester United to go for players like Ronaldo." Dybala scored 10 Serie A goals last term for Juve. He has only scored more than 11 times in a single league campaign for the club twice, the last of which came in the 2017/18 season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here