A television licence is needed to watch or stream programming as it is being broadcast live with the money going towards the funding of the BBC. In the age of streaming, it is also required to watch any live content that is featured on services such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. While TV Licensing manages the administration of the licence fee, the Government is responsible for setting discounts and concessions for certain groups. One of the groups is people diagnosed as blind who are eligible for a sizeable 50 percent discount. Currently, the full cost of a television licence in the UK is £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence. In comparison, a television licence for a blind person would cost £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. With the cost of living crisis continuing to affect people's income, many individuals will be looking for ways to cut costs and applying for a discounted licence fee may help in their savings. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  There are two million individuals who are living and dealing with some sort of sight loss in the UK, according to official statistics from the NHS. Out of this set group, 336,000 people are diagnosed as either being legally blind or partially sighted. To get the discount, applicants will need to prove to TV Licensing that they are in fact legally blind. There are multiple ways people can provide evidence to the licence fee body to qualify for this concession.  This includes presenting documentation such as a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. As well as this, applicants can show TV Licensing a copy of a certificate from an Ophthalmologist (eye surgeon) confirming their blindness. Alternatively, it is possible to use a certificate from a local authority as documentary evidence to qualify for the discount. It should be noted that only people who are registered as being legally blind will be able to get the 50 percent concession. After someone has presented TV Licensing with any of the above listed evidence, they will not need to show it again. Those looking to claim the 50 percent discount on the licence fee can go onto the TV Licensing website to download a form. Outside of the discount for blind people, the Government has also set further concessions for certain vulnerable groups. This includes a free television licence for over 75s who are in receipt of Pension Credit, a benefit payment provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Furthermore, those who live in residential care who are either disabled or over 60 years of age do not need to pay the licence fee. People who are eligible for a free TV licence who are not currently claiming one can call TV Licensing on 0300 790 6117 for guidance on the application process. Recently, the Government announced plans to freeze the licence fee for two years as it explores alternative funding options for the BBC. This means the full price of a television licence will remain at £159 for the foreseeable future, while a fee for eligible blind people will cost £79.50.