Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) proposed to Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) not long before he was arrested and put in prison. New official EastEnders spoiler pictures show the couple will get a chance at a happy ending as they make plans for their upcoming nuptials. However, will their wedding end in horror for the Slater clan? EastEnders fans will remember Phil was offered a chance to avoid prison altogether by taking a deal and becoming a police informant. He refused and spent months behind bars while Kat was left running the Mitchell empire in Walford. Kat was oblivious to the deal Phil was offered but the hard man had confided in Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean) who repeatedly begged him to reconsider the proposal. Phil continued to reject the deal but changed his mind when he received a very probable death threat. Read more: EastEnders theory: Couple torn apart as Jay Brown begins affair Now back in Walford, the spoiler pictures show Kat and Phil enjoying a meal in Walford East. Phil shows his fiancée he’s serious about getting married when he produces an engagement ring. The couple set a date and he reveals the special meaning behind the jewellery. However, the spoiler ends with the ominous question: “Will their happiness last?” These scenes are set to air next week and it could spell trouble for the couple. Phil was initially adamant he wouldn’t become a police informant because of safety concerns. He openly admitted he would be putting his family in danger if he took any sort of deal. The dodgy dealer returned to the square in spectacular fashion by gate-crashing Peggy’s. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Ben flees to avoid prison after assaulting Kathy  [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved family exit as death rocks Walford [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Grant Mitchell in dramatic return to Albert Square [SPOILER] It won’t take long before news travels in the criminal underworld. If Phil’s associates discover he’s a free man they’ll begin to wonder why he was released after spending such a long time behind bars. Will some of Phil’s dodgy business partners realise he’s working with the police? The Mitchell hard man himself confessed to Sharon he was so worried his children would be in danger to the point he agreed to spend the rest of his life in prison. In true EastEnders fashion, Phil’s deal with the police could come to a head on his wedding day. Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney) or perhaps any number of Phil’s criminal associates could lash out at one of Phil’s loved ones in a bid to silence him. Kat and Phil will continue to plan their wedding in upcoming episodes but their big day could end in tragedy. Will Kat be murdered by one of Phil’s associates to stop him from spilling all to the police? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.