The 46th US President was speaking about protecting women's reproductive rights when he made the flub, accidentally saying “end of quote, repeat the line” as he finished a sentence. Tesla chief Elon Musk took no time to mock President Biden and said: “Whoever controls the teleprompter is the real President!”  During his speech, President Biden said: “It is noteworthy that the percentage of women who register to vote and cast a ballot is consistently higher than the percentage of the men who do so—end of quote, repeat the line. “Women are not without electoral and, or, political—let me be precise: not and, or—or political power.” The teleprompter had instructed him to repeat the line “Women are not without electoral or political power,” a sentence that he first said moments earlier. Washington Times columnist Tim Young tweeted: “Biden is so far gone that he will literally read anything put on the teleprompter in front of him. 'End of quote' ... 'Repeat the line’.”  “Women are not without electoral and, or, political—let me be precise: not and, or—or political power.” The teleprompter had instructed him to repeat the line “Women are not without electoral or political power,” a sentence that he first said moments earlier. Washington Times columnist Tim Young tweeted: “Biden is so far gone that he will literally read anything put on the teleprompter in front of him. 'End of quote' ... 'Repeat the line’.” Despite clear footage documenting Mr Biden’s blunder, White House Assistant Press Secretary Emilie Simons tried to gaslight Twitter into believing the POTUS wasn’t really reading cues directly from the teleprompter.  READ MORE: Nato alert: Russian warship intercepted off Norway as war fears erupt She claimed President Biden said what the White House told Americans he said. She tweeted: “No. He said, “let me repeat that line.” This is not the first time the President has been mocked over social media. Last month, his mental health was questioned by experts after he mistakenly showed the press cue cards telling him exactly what to do at a White House event.  DON'T MISS:‘Stunning’ Princess Beatrice and husband Edo look loved up UK weather: Health alert issued as mercury soars Kate could face embarrassment for ‘congratulating someone from Russia' The instructions on the cards were specific enough to say “YOU take YOUR seat” and “say hello” to guests. The POTUS has previously been mocked for gaffes and polls have shown that many Americans are concerned with the President’s “mental sharpness”. President Biden has reportedly been at odds with his staff in the past as they have tried to control his message. Earlier this year, when he said the Russian President Vladimir Putin “could not remain in power”, unnamed White House staffers quickly walked back the comments - telling the media President Biden was not discussing regime change. 