Dad Rhys, mum Louise, 15-year-old Gethin, baby Clemmie and Tomos all set off in their pick-up truck on September 6, 2021 for a trip to the Welsh valleys of Rhondda Cynon Taf, where they took water into rented fields for grazing cattle. But Rhys, 38, who has made the same journey ever since he was a child, immediately knew something was wrong. As he felt the truck and water bowser sliding as they drove down the hill, he made a split-second decision and urged everyone to get out of the truck.  Louise, 36, described the terrifying event, said: "When we were going down, the truck started to slide and at the bottom of the field is this massive cliff and a big drop. "Rhys said for us all to get out. Tomos was in the passenger side in the back, then it was me and then baby Clemmie, and Gethin was in the front with Rhys. Rhys was driving and then Tomos jumped and I pushed him as far as I could from the truck. I then jumped with the baby on my chest and I went under the wheels with the baby. "I then passed the baby to Gethin as he and Rhys jumped out while we were going down the field. Gethin grabbed me from under the wheels, not knowing the bowser was jackknifing when we all decided to exit the vehicle." But when Rhys looked for Tomos after making sure baby Clemmie was safe, he watched in horror as the water bowser headed towards his son and hit him. He said: "I said to everyone to jump out and then as everyone started jumping out I looked around. I could see it coming round to my side and it went over Tomos.  “I knew he was gone." Despite Rhys’ efforts at CPR and Louise on the phone to 999, the nine-year-old couldn’t be saved. Had Rhys not have made the call to jump from the truck they would have all likely died. The horrific accident occurred on the last day of the school holidays, with Tomos due to return to his classmates. Rhys said: "Tomos loved school. My eldest, Gethin, hated school, but Tomos loved it. He wanted to be a vet, and when he'd go into school the teacher and kids would ask, 'What have you done this morning, Tom?' and he'd go, 'Oh, I've collected 1,200 eggs, I've trayed them up, fed the cows'. "We'd go to livestock markets and you'd go, 'Christ, where's Tom gone?' and he'd be talking to an old man or something around the corner. READ MORE: Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' [REVEAL]  “He had his head switched on, he wanted to be a famous YouTuber, he was always on his iPads and TikToks. He loved wildlife. If there was a poorly lamb or anything he'd look after it in the house." To help keep his memory alive, Tomos is buried in a garden on the family farm just 25 metres from their home, while his bedroom remains untouched. His parents say the house is a lot quieter now without him around. The family are sharing their sobering story as part of Farm Safety Week and are pleading for more to be done to help make UK farms safer. On the day of the freak accident, the field conditions weren't different, the level of water in the bowser was the same as always and the vehicles passed post-accident safety checks. A decade after the first Farm Safety Week campaign, agriculture continues to have the poorest safety record in the UK and Ireland, according to figures released by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE). Over the last year, which covers April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, 25 people have lost their lives on farms. 