Max Verstappen, 24, first met Nelson Piquet’s daughter, Kelly, 33, in 2020. The couple publicly confirmed their relationship on New Year’s Day 2021 with loved-up photos shared to each of their Instagram accounts. Proving that they are smitten with each other, they both included the caption: “Love is what makes the world go round.” Speaking in June last year, Max confessed that Kelly had been a positive force in his life as he is now “more relaxed”.He told Austrian TV station, Servus TV: “From [the age of] 17 to 23, things change. This is completely normal. Before I used to yell. Now, on the other hand, I am more relaxed."By the time their relationship was announced, Kelly’s daughter, Penelope, was around 18 months old. READ MORE:Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap Before dating Max, the Brazilian model was in a three-year relationship with Russian F1 driver, Daniil Kvyat, 28.They dated from 2017 and Penelope was born in July 2019.However, they split just five months after the birth of their daughter.  Kelly confirmed the breakup at the time with a cryptic post shared to her 946,000 Instagram followers. She penned: “December 18, 2019 — nothing in your life can leave without a possible replacement. The end always has a reason. When you cannot quite figure out why — it's okay, time will always provide more answers. Keep moving forward and believe that the best is ahead.”Aside from being a regular fixture on racing circuits, Kelly has made a name for herself as a model and writer, previously working for Vogue Mexico, Marie Claire, and New York luxury store, Bergdorf Goodman.Since 2015, Kelly has been responsible for Formula E’s social media coverage.It comes as her dad, Nelson, hit the headlines this week for his controversial comments about Lewis Hamilton on a Brazilian podcast back in November. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena[INSIGHT]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive[NEWS]Cliff Richard, 81, looks downcast as he's spotted at Wimbledon day two[PICTURES] It was reported that he used a racial slur when discussing a move Lewis made on Max Verstappen during the 2021 British Grand Prix.The three-time World Champion has since issued an apology to Lewis and says he has been falsely accused of racism as he claims his comments were mistranslated.The statement read in part: “What I said was ill-thought-out, and I make no defence for it, but I will clarify that the term used is one that has widely and historically been used colloquially in Brazilian Portuguese as a synonym for 'guy' or 'person' and was never intended to offend. I would never use the word I have been accused of in some translations.”He added that he apologised “wholeheartedly” to Lewis and that “discrimination has no place in F1 or society”. Max has also come to his father-in-law's defence saying he is “definitely not a racist”, but did criticise his choice of words.The Dutch driver said: “I’ve spent a bit of time with Nelson - more than the average person in general - and he’s definitely not a racist. He’s actually a really nice and relaxed guy."The wording which was used - even though there are different kinds of cultures and it’s probably something they said when they were younger - was not correct... Let it be a lesson for the future not to use that word because it’s very offensive.”