Tom Bower's biography Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors was released last week with a number of fresh claims about the Royal Family. Reflecting on the success of his book and Prince Harry's upcoming bombshell memoir, Tom launched an explosive attack on Meghan Markle and how she started her romance with the Duke of Sussex. Tom received considerable backlash when he claimed Meghan was "on a manhunt" in his GB News interview. He told Eamonn Holmes and Rosie Wright: "Well I think they’re both very needy people. “The point is I think that Meghan was on a manhunt. She was looking for a husband, and an English husband. And Harry was available.” Tom’s analysis became even more controversial as he claimed Meghan prepared for the marriage by researching Harry’s strengths and weaknesses. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims He continued: “She carefully researched all his strengths and, more importantly, his weaknesses. “When that moment came when she first met him, she could easily, because she is an extraordinarily good performer in those circumstances, she’s an actress after all, she could reassure him she was the one he was looking for.” Tom's comments sparked uproar on Twitter with many furious at his claims Meghan was "on the hunt" for Harry. A number of viewers hit back at Tom’s comments, with many accusing GB News of having an "obsession" with the divisive royals. Andy Mackintosh replied: “This is news? Just leave them alone eh?” @mark147852 fumed: “What a horrid bunch of a**holes the editors of #GBNews are. Harry is very much his own man, ex-army as well. “This constant drip drip drip of hate for the guy and his missus is shameful.” @ThorhallaBjorg said: “You’re almost as obsessed as Piers Morgan, and he’s bordering on pathological!” DON'T MISS:GB News viewer fume France ‘punishing UK’ for EU exit [OPINION]Rick Grimes movie cancellation explained by The Walking Dead boss [UPDATE]P-Valley star on ‘bearing his soul’ for Uncle Clifford role [EXCLUSIVE] Neal Pinder warned: “I agree with him, but shouldn't someone tell him to be careful because the Sussexes are very sue friendly and they win more than they lose.” While @lochs_and_glens replied with an eyeroll emoji and quipped: “GB News dealing with the important issues of the day.” Tom has outlined his thoughts on the Sussexes in more detail in his latest book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. Meanwhile, Harry’s memoir is expected to be published in the near future after ghostwriter JR Moehringer reportedly finished the manuscript in recent weeks. The Duke of Sussex said: “I was writing not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become.” He also revealed the book would include “the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned". Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.