Jorge Mendes has offered Napoli the chance to sign Cristiano Ronaldo on loan from Manchester United, according to reports. The super-agent is working around the clock to satisfy the demands of his star client, who is continuing to push for a move away from Old Trafford due to the lack of Champions League football following the club's bitterly disappointing sixth-place finish last season. Ronaldo believes he still has plenty more to give at the top level and for that reason, he has no interest in playing Europa League football next term. While he has known United's fate since May, Ronaldo is believed to be underwhelmed by the club's lack of productivity in the transfer market. To date, United have made three summer signings in the form of Tyrell Malaca, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez but ultimately, he knows many more will be required to compete with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. According to Diario AS in Spain, Mendes is now working to find a loan move for Ronaldo so he could potentially return to the club next summer - should United decide to extend his contract or trigger the one-year extension written into his deal. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer The report claims Napoli have been offered the chance to land the Portuguese superstar on loan, although an agreement seems unlikely. United have no intentions to sell or loan Ronaldo and expected him to fulfil the second year of his contract at Old Trafford. Club officials held crunch talks with Ronaldo and his agent Mendes at Carrington on Tuesday in a bid to solve his immediate future. Ronaldo is said to have reiterated his desire to depart as he looks to pursue a new challenge. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoManchester United set to play unexpected role in Jules Kounde transfer saga  The Red Devils are confident they can convince Ronaldo to remain at the club where he will remain focal to Erik ten Hag's plans moving forward as the focal point in attack. Yet even if he does return to action, Ronaldo will have to force his way back into the team to begin with. Anthony Martial has been revitalised in pre-season after scoring in three successive matches against Liverpool, Crystal Palace and Melbourne Victory in Thailand and Australia. United are no longer looking to sell the Frenchman and are ready to hand him new opportunities in attack. Ronaldo is seemingly running out of options if he is to depart United. Atletico Madrid have ruled themselves out of the race while Napoli, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Chelsea have all turned down the chances to sign the 37-year-old on a permanent deal. That's why Mendes is now keen to explore whether a loan move is viable after also floating the idea of extending Ronaldo's contract with United. The Red Devils could yet sign a new striker but have shown little interest in any forward targets after allowing Darwin Nunez to seal an £85m switch to bitter rivals Liverpool.