Business magnate and Conservative life peer Karren Brady, 53, says she is backing Liz Truss to be the next prime minister. However, after reflecting on Friday’s Tory leadership debate, Karren says Liz did not get her “fantastic” personality across and instead seemed “uptight” and “unfeeling”. The Foreign Secretary appeared alongside fellow contenders: Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Tom Tugendhat and Kemi Badenoch for the Channel 4 debate. READ MORE:Kimberley Walsh on relationship with Strictly's Pasha and wife Rachel “But I was impressed when she stood up to Rishi Sunak, who sneered at her plans to pay off the Covid debt over a longer period.  “Instead of retreating, Liz stood firm and hit back, criticising the former chancellor’s national insurance hike. It was a reminder of why she’s my kind of woman.”Although Karren says Liz has her vote, she felt that Rishi Sunak was the most convincing of the night.The business executive also highlighted Liz’s outfit choice, which many thought was a recreation of one of Margaret Thatcher’s famous looks. Despite the similarities, Karren felt that Liz “didn’t quite display the Iron Lady’s core of steel”.Liz wore a cream pussybow blouse under a smart black suit jacket with matching trousers.Many took to Twitter and pointed out that the look was similar to Margaret Thatcher’s 1979 election broadcast outfit.Andrew said: “For the #C4LeaderDebate Liz Truss has recreated Margaret Thatcher’s appearance from her 1979 election broadcast down to the last detail.” DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary[NEWS]Lorraine Kelly issues health update after show absence[LATEST]Phillip Schofield enjoys 'lovely day' on river after reunion with wife[INSIGHT] Steg quipped: “Are we sure @liztruss hasn't got a Margaret Thatcher mannequin in her bedroom that she talks to each night?”And Bernadine said: “Liz Truss on the @Channel4 leadership debate right now channelling Margaret Thatcher. As transparent as glass.”During the debate, Liz was asked by host Krishnan Guru-Murthy about when she had stood up for integrity and honesty.She replied: “I stood by Boris Johnson. Of course, I raised issues with him in private, but I supported him for the leadership election. I was part of his cabinet and I owed him my loyalty." Setting forward what her leadership could look like, she continued: “Now is not the time for a continuity of our current economic policy. "We need to be bold, we need to do things differently, we need to cut taxes, we need to unleash growth, and we need to unleash the potential of all of the people across our great country."The five contenders will take part in another live debate aired on ITV this evening.Britain's Next Prime Minister: The ITV Debate will air on Sunday 17 July at 7pm.