A heart attack is a medical emergency whereby the supply of blood to the heart is suddenly blocked, usually by a blood clot. It's important to respond immediately to the warning signs because delaying can result in permanent damage to the heart muscle. Impeding this effort is a general ignorance of the symptoms, which extend far beyond chest pain. Poll the average person and they will tell you chest pain is the hallmark feature of a heart attack. However, there is a spectrum of symptoms and a full grasp of the possible signs could save your life. According to the Heart Foundation, one "less obvious" warning sign of a heart attack is "vision starts to fade". As the health body explains, "if you suddenly become unsteady on your feet, the room starts spinning or your vision starts to fade, your body may be warning you of an impending heart attack". READ MORE: How long have you been on statins? 'Many patients' develop side effects at a specific time Other less obvious signs include: A heart attack is a medical emergency that requires an immediate response. It happens when there’s a sudden loss of blood flow to a part of the heart muscle. Without enough blood and oxygen your heart can be seriously damaged. According to the British Heart Foundation (BHF), you should call 999 for an ambulance immediately if you suspect you're having a heart attack. DON'T MISSDementia: The hair change seen in 70% of patients [INSIGHT]Cancer: The hot drink that may hike your risk by 90% [ADVICE]How to sleep: The 'Navy SEAL' hack to fall asleep in seconds [TIPS] You should then: According to the BHF, the ambulance team will do an electrocardiogram (ECG) to detect whether you're having a heart attack. "If the ECG shows you’re having a heart attack, you’re likely to have emergency treatment as soon as you arrive in hospital," explains the health body. If the ECG doesn’t confirm a heart attack you might need further tests to investigate if you are having a heart attack, including: READ MORE: Smell that? The smelly sign that may increase your risk of dying by 46% within 10 years  Prevention is always better than a cure and there are some simple lifestyle changes you can make to reduce your risk. Above all else, eating a healthy, balanced diet provides a buffer against a heart attack. The NHS explains: "Eating an unhealthy diet that is high in fat will make hardening of the arteries (atherosclerosis) worse and increase your risk of a heart attack. "Continuing to eat high-fat foods will cause more fatty plaques to build up in your arteries. This is because fatty foods contain an unhealthy type of cholesterol." Regular, daily physical activity can also lower the risk of a heart attack. The Mayo Clinic explains: "Physical activity helps control your weight. It also reduces the chances of developing other conditions that may put a strain on the heart, such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol and type 2 diabetes." UK health guidelines advise doing at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise a week. Moderate activity will raise your heart rate, and make you breathe faster and feel warmer.