WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season 4 Stranger Things volume two took fans on an emotional rollercoaster as the series finale came to an epic conclusion. In season four, newcomer Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn) was the leader of a group called The Hellfire Club which involved the show’s long-running characters Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard).   Throughout the series, it was clear Eddie and Dustan had a close friendship in the show. After Eddie was accused of murdering school girl Chrissy, which was the work of series villain Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower), he went on the run to avoid the police. Not believing the rumours, Dustin fiercely protected his friend and was by his side right until the series finale. When Eddie sacrificed his life in order to try and help save Hawkins, his last moments with pal Dustin were highly emotional.   Although fans have praised the actor for the tearful goodbye scenes, Joseph has praised his co-star Gaten for his “extraordinary” performance. e said: “Well, I've waxed lyrically about that boy in various interviews and I never get bored of it really. "He is an extraordinarily talented young man. “I think he has grown so much during the filming of all of these seasons, and especially this season.”   Speaking about Dustin’s character in series four, he added: "His playfulness, his timing… in this season, we get to see the depth of his humanity. “He's just extraordinary. And being near that, especially in someone so young, is a really thrilling thing. “I had so much fun getting into that stuff with him. I'm so excited to see what he's going to do with his career." Although his character was killed off, the 29-year-old revealed he’s been thinking of ways Eddie’s role could make a comeback.   He told Radio Times: "Me and Joe Keery, were discussing ways in which I could kind of (come back) maybe I'd be like a figment of Gaten's imagination or something. "Like if there could be some kind of room for something like that, something a bit supernatural." Another standout character in series four was Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink), who became one of the villain’s main targets. Max’s future is unclear for the next season after she ended up being hospitalised from injuries inflicted by Vecna.    While the Stranger Things cast take a break from filming, Sadie spoke to GoldDerby on what’s next in store for her. She said: “I love horror but I think after Stranger Things all the cast is in agreement we need to give our bodies a break. “I’d like to go back to theatre maybe, that would be really interesting and really fulfilling for me too. “But more kind of drama-centred projects that maybe don’t have too much like supernatural stuff, like something a little different from Stranger Things.” Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are now streaming worldwide on Netflix.   