Motorists across the UK have been warned by motoring experts that failing to adequately prepare for hot weather could land them with huge fines. This includes causing dangerous driving while failing to wear sunglasses. Experts at Vanarama have urged drivers to opt-in for polarised sunglasses over normal lenses. This is because they are a safer option when it comes to combating sun glare. Polarised lenses filter out the incoming horizontal light that causes glare and only allow in vertical light that improves visibility. However, wearing sunglasses is not the only way to tackle the sunshine. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule It is vital that drivers follow other precautions and prepare themselves for longer journeys. This includes checking the car’s windshield. Vanarama experts warned that a strong glare across the vehicle’s windshield can distort the driver’s view. This can then result in failure of having control of the car, which could see drivers fined £1,000. DON'T MISS Drivers could face £2,500 fine for failing to check important function [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [WARNING] Drivers warned of exploding tyres during heatwave [REVEAL] On top of that, motorists who do not have a clear view of the road could be slapped with three penalty points. Andy Alderson, CEO, and Founder of Vanarama, said: "With the UK experiencing a heatwave, many people will plan to hit the road to visit summertime attractions. “However, if drivers are not prepared for driving in bright sunlight, they could put themselves and other road users in danger. “To prevent being dazzled by the sun when driving, motorists should check their windscreen is clean before setting off, wear polarised sunglasses, and keep a safe distance from other drivers when the sun is distorting their view.” READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick The experts also came up with tips for motorists that could help them in avoiding hefty fines this summer. These are: When bright sunlight causes a glare across the windscreen which lowers the visibility of the road, you should slow down and create extra space between you and the car in front. This will give you more time to assess the road situation. If drivers feel like they do not have full control of the situation they should pull over when safe to do so. Another thing you should check before setting off is that your screen wash is topped up. So that you can wipe away any streaks or dirt on the windscreen which you spot during the drive. An all-weather screen wash is a great option for the summer months. Visors will reduce the amount of sun that is blocking your vision when driving. Using the visor also helps your eyes adjust when driving in shade after driving in bright sunlight. Drivers should familiarise themselves with their visor, figuring out which angles it can be placed to block out the sun from different angles.