Smoke could be seen billowing into the sky as the fire brigade desperately tackled the blaze. More than a dozen fire crews have been called to the fire in Weeting near Brandon. The fire brigade were called just before 2pm today and are currently attempting to tackle the blaze in Ferngate Drove. Locals have been taking pictures of the large plumes of smoke in the area. A spokesman for Norfolk Constabulary said: "We are assisting fire on the scene and we have closed the top end of the road." A man who works at the industrial estate, but did not want to be named, said the "smoke is jet black". He said: "There are so many people standing around watching, everyone in the area has got out of their cars. "The flames are 15ft high." Police officers are also at the scene and are diverting traffic in the area with the main road being closed. Residents are also being told to stay indoors. READ MORE: Tory leadership: Each candidate's voting record  Appliances from Thetford, Beccles, Haverhill, Bury St Edmunds, Elmswell, Ixworth, Brandon and Newmarket are currently at the scene. Emerency services are unsure if there are any injuries at this stage. In a post on Facebook Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service said: "We currently have a significant number of resources attending to a fire in an industrial unit, in Weeting. "We recommend all local residents to keep windows closed until further notice."  DON'T MISS:Zelensky's heroes unblock major waterway Putin's defence obliterated [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: New maps show Putin tactics ruined by Zelensky strikes [LIVE]Ukraine brigade blows up Russian tank in masterful display [PICTURES] A resident, who asked not to be named, told Eastern Daily Press: “The factory is completely wiped out, next to the harvest church. "I was told earlier on by the police to stay indoors and we weren’t sure if there were chemicals coming from it. "Debris has been falling in all our gardens. I saw it from my bedroom window, initially I heard some bangs and thought it was the steam rally but thought it’s going on too long. Then I looked about two hours ago and saw the flames and black smoke. “There were so many fire engines I’ve lost count. We have a fire hydrant just outside the church and had seen them hook up to that. The water pressure in the house is low now. I have never seen anything like that before."  