Sharing their experience, families of the victims who were aged 86 and 95, have said that their elderly relatives have been left shaken after two men 'stormed' into their Coventry homes in the West Midlands. In fact, the two pensioners remain fearful that the scammers may return. Speaking to Coventry Live, Yvette Peake, the daughter of one of the victims, said: “Basically, I got a phone call from my dad, he went ’Yvette I am that scared I can’t remember my pin code’ and I went ‘Pardon, what are you on about dad?’ “He went ‘I need some wood replacing on my guttering and it is going to cost me £1,200, they are coming back in a minute, they are coming back for the money. He told me to take £500 out of the cashpoint and £500 out of the bank, but I can’t remember what my cashpoint is.' He went ‘What is it?’ and I said ‘I am not telling you'.” Yvette said she quickly alerted her partner Paul, who was sadly grieving the loss of his own father, and he rushed to help. “I ran upstairs and woke my fella up. I was just screaming ‘Paul, Paul, you have got to help my dad!’. “I told him the story, he went down there and when they turned up he said ‘You’re not doing the work’ and they turned around and said we have already got the stuff. Paul went 'you can do the work but you are not getting paid'. He said he has not got the money, he does not know his pin code and we are not telling him his pin code.”  Yvette said that her 86-year-old father, a former army veteran, was petrified hiding behind a door while her partner attempted to get rid of the scammers. She said: “My dad at this stage is in the hallway on the chair hiding behind the door, he is absolutely petrified and the younger one of the two that was wearing a high-vis turned around and went ‘Do you think I am a f****** soft guy?’. "Paul went ‘No, I am just telling you he has no money, you aren't getting any money, if you want to do the work for free that is up to you but you are getting no money.’”  At this point, Yvette said that the younger of the two men was started to behave “viciously", adding: “He was ready to headbutt Paul, he was face-to-face with him." Thankfully, Paul managed to get rid of the cunning pair who left empty-handed. Yvette said she was extremely lucky that her father rung her before he withdrew any cash from the bank. She said: “My dad was ready to go down to the bank and get all the money out, they scared him that much. He was not even going to phone me, he only phoned me because he couldn’t remember what his pin number was. He went to the bank, Tesco couldn’t remember what his pin number was and phoned me.”  Speaking about the impact the ordeal has had on her elderly father, Yvette said: “Scared, obviously. He was terrified when it happened to him, they went into his house. I turned around and said ‘Oh dad, the other day…’ he said ‘I don’t want to talk about it. I don’t want to talk about it.’ "Certain things that are that upsetting he blocks out, you know at that age you have a mechanism that you just block things out and pretend it hasn’t happened.” Suffering from anxiety herself, Yvette said the ordeal has taken an emotional toll on her as well as her dad. She said: “You know the anxiety of something happening to my dad was just too much for me. We all feel guilty because we have got elderly relatives that are refusing to have help.” She has now told her father to look out of the window before opening the door and to avoid answering knocks from unfamiliar people. Another family member of one of the elderly victims said the pair struck again targeting his 95-year-old grandfather. He said one of the scammers “got quite nasty” during the ordeal. He told CoventryLive: “So they have gone round and said they are going to clean the gutters and then said they are going to look around the back and they have sort of like distracted him and then taken some money out of the drawer.  "They have basically rifled through the drawers, found some money and stole some cash.” He urged the police to take action as he fears the con artists could strike again. He said: “I think they need to do something because it is not just one person, this seems to be that whole area, these people are going around and actively old people. It is just worrying that they are going around and now I am thinking are they going to go back to my grandad’s house and try again.”  A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: “We are investigating reports of a distraction burglary in Coventry after a man had money stolen by a man offering to clean his guttering. It happened on Beake Avenue, Coventry, shortly before 11am on Thursday, June 23. “Anyone with information can contact us via Live Chat on our website, quoting crime reference number 20/589125/22. Being a victim of a burglary can be very distressing, the thought of a stranger being in your home can feel like a violation of your privacy and security. Victim Support can offer advice and support for victims, they can be contacted on 0808 1689 111.” 