On Sunday, US government official Ashish Jha spoke to ABC News and said President Biden "had a great day yesterday, was feeling well". The spokesperson added that President Biden's close contacts were continuing to follow the protocols of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and had not tested positive. The US president tested positive for the virus on Thursday.   Mr Jha told CBS News on Sunday that Biden likely has the BA.5 variant and that he had an upper respiratory infection. He said: "I checked in with his team late last night. "He was feeling well. "He had a good day yesterday. READ MORE: Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms "He's got a viral syndrome, an upper respiratory infection, that is, and he's doing just fine," President Biden, aged 79, has so far had only mild symptoms and his diagnosis comes as the highly contagious BA.5 subvariant of the coronavirus drives a new wave of cases in the United States. The new variant, called BA.5, is now the dominant US strain. However, the new variant may pose the biggest threat to immune protection yet. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argumentTwo Americans dead in Eastern Ukraine Putin under threat as US contemplating America-made fighter jets The FDA has now advised the manufacturers of vaccines to create new boosters for the BA.4 and BA.5 strains. The BA.5 variant accounts for nearly 54 percent of the US's coronavirus cases. Speaking about the new variant, professor at the Human Vaccine Institute at Duke University Medical Center, David Montefiori, said: "They're taking over, so clearly they're more contagious than earlier variants of omicron." The strain appears to evade protection from vaccines and previous infections more easily than most of its predecessors. Research suggests that BA.5 is four times more resistant to antibodies from vaccines than predecessors. The new strain has replaced the omicron variant as the most dominant version in the US since April. The director of the University College London Genetics Institute, Francois Balloux, said: "At this stage now, I think all these variants actually are roughly equally transmissible. "So there’s not a huge difference. "It’s just some are slightly better at infecting people who have been vaccinated or infected by previous variants."