Los Angeles will join London as a three-time Olympics host in 2028, with the 2024 Games in Paris and the 2032 celebration based in Brisbane. But with the new International Olympic Committee host process seeing Games chiefs identifying a “preferred” candidate, Mr Khan said he could see London spearheading another bid off the back of the success of 2012.  Mr Khan said: “We are working on a plan to bring the Olympic Games back to London. “We have got to make sure future Games are green - and our plan would be for the greenest Games ever. “The great thing about London is that we wouldn’t need to expend carbon on building a new stadium, cycle track or swimming pool because we’ve got all the kit already - so watch this space.” Mr Khan was speaking after lighting an anniversary flame on Queen Elizabeth Park, marking 10 years since the 2012 Games.   The earliest London could bid for a Games would be 2036, with Paris already set to host the next Olympics in 2024 followed by Los Angeles in 2028 and Brisbane all but confirmed for 2032. The IOC traditionally awards a Games to a host city seven years in advance although they have changed the process following criticism of the vast sums of money spent on bids, most notably Russia's bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics. The IOC has also urged potential bidders to present better environmental plans for any future Games. Mr Khan added: “With the next three Games tied up, there’s no pressure on the IOC. READ MORE: Spanish bull running horror as three revellers gored and killed  “The key thing for us is to make sure we’ve got all the building blocks in place. “It would be great to break a record by becoming the first city to host four Games although it’s early days. “But the ambition is there to engender that Olympic spirit through the power of sport.” The London Mayor told Sky Sports News he wanted to show the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the world that a mega sporting event could be held with green credentials, with the basis of any bid set to centre around reusing many of the venues used during the London 2012 Games. DON'T MISS:Putin looking to strengthen ally ties as he pushes into phase 2 of warAberdeen fire: Farm ablaze as ‘plumes of black smoke’ rise into airUkraine LIVE: Putin warned mobilisation tactic spells failure