Gabriel Jesus made an immediate impact in his first appearance in an Arsenal shirt. The Brazilian scored within 90 seconds of coming off the bench at half-time of the pre-season friendly against FC Nurnberg on Friday. Arsenal were in trouble at the break, trailing 2-0 to the Bundesliga 2 outfit. A weakened defence was taken advantage of by the German hosts. However, Jesus' introduction was the turning point in the match. In the 47th minute he netted after a one-two with Eddie Nketiah. He scored again late on to seal a 5-3 win, while also playing a role in two of the Gunners' other goals. But it's not just his goalscoring prowess which attracted Mikel Arteta to him and Express Sport looks at six reasons why he is the perfect frontman for the Gunners. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  All of Jesus' Premier League goals for Manchester City came inside the 18-yard box. Arsenal needed a poacher in front of goal and that is a part of his game he excels at. Jesus' second goal in particular showed his ability in the six-yard box. He deflected Gabriel Martinelli's cross in from close range. Arsenal have been used to Alexandre Lacazette as their striker in recent times. But the Frenchman was not as nimble as when he first joined the club. Jesus provides wise movement, having learnt from one of the best coaches in Pep Guardiola. Arteta may also take credit for that following his time as an assistant at the Etihad. DON'T MISSMan Utd set to suffer Christian Eriksen blow before he's even played for clubMan Utd 'agree personal terms' with Antony and Lisandro Martinez as duo both push for moveErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez  Jesus is quick but with a tight control to boot. He has the ability to run in behind and be composed in front of goal. That was one thing that Lacazette certainly lacked in his final season at the Emirates. Jesus' speed will help him get on the end of service from the likes of Martin Odegaard and Fabio Vieira. Jesus had two chances and scored two goals. That is all you can ask for from your striker. His first goal was from a tight angle but he had the knowhow to lift the ball high to beat the Nurnberg keeper. Arsenal have lacked a player with that instinct for too long.  Jesus showed that he links up well with his team-mates. Arteta wants his front three to dovetail, whether it's Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli or Emile Smith Rowe in the wide positions. You have to be smart on the ball to play under Guardiola. Jesus has certainly shown he is that in the last few years. Jesus can drift wide and come off either flank. His first goal on Friday proved exactly that. He took up a position on the right, ran inside and got his rewards after a fine return pass from Nketiah. If Arteta fancies playing Nketiah this season then Jesus is more than capable of operating out of his preferred role. 