Many BBC Breakfast viewers were overjoyed on Sunday morning when they saw 29-year-old Luxmy Gopal presenting the show. Viewers were so thrilled they demanded she host every week as they brand her and Roger "the best Sunday team". Usually, Luxmy presents the broadcaster’s Look North program but has occasionally stepped in to host the BBC Breakfast show. Luxmy first returned last weekend on June 26 after tweeting a photo to her 17.9k followers announcing her comeback. Sitting alongside co-hosts Owain Wyn Evans and Roger Johnson, she smiled between her two colleagues. She captioned the image: “Wishing you a joyous Sunday morning from us here at the @BBCBreakfast studio.   "First time back on the sofa in a while but thankfully dear @OwainWynEvans & @RogerJ_01 are here to keep me in order!” Now the host is back on the red sofa once again and viewers are calling on the BBC to give her a permanent slot on the show. One viewer on Twitter even called Luxmy and Roger the best Sunday team that the broadcasters have in their rotation of presenters. GarySpurs 50 said: “Good morning Luxmy hope you are well great to see you back presenting breakfast on the red sofa  have a lovely day take care”   Dean added: “luxmy_g @BBCBreakfast great to see he best Sunday morning team on breakfast let’s make this every week” Joe Connelly commented: @BBCBreakfast @luxmy_g nice to see you back this morning Luxmy to brighten up a Dreich Sunday morning here in Bonnie Scotland, it's time you were on that sofa permanently.” While Adynch tweeted: “Honestly would watch every morning if it was this lineup. Can we have you on every Sunday?” During the two-hour-long show, Luxmy had some fun with her colleague and weather forecaster Matt Taylor.   As he finished up one of the forecasts, Luxmy decided to test his knowledge. She asked: “Can you just reel off the forecast for any place I pick in the country?” He replied: “Just about yeah, that’s my talent.” Putting him to the test, she quipped back: “Alright, Bognor Regis.”    Laughing, he said: “Bognor Regis a lovely week to come. Most the time dry, sunny spells and getting  warm by the end of the week.” Impressed, Luxmy replied: “That’s amazing! He’s like a magic eight ball for the weather!” BBC Breakfast continues at 6am on BBC each day.  