Camilla Tominey stated that the Queen turned down the photo opportunity due to having a bloodshot eye. Queen Elizabeth II is said to have been concerned that a picture of her injured eye would spark health concerns if the photo was made public. Ms Tominey wrote in the Telegraph: "The couple had hoped to bring their own photographer to capture the first meeting between the sovereign, whose family nickname is Lilibet, and her great-granddaughter. "However, the Queen personally intervened to prevent an official image being taken, apparently advising the couple that she had a bloodshot eye and did not want to feature in any pictures for public consumption." Lilibet is Meghan and Harry's second child and first daughter. The couple named their daughter Lilibet as a tribute to Prince Philip's nickname for Queen Elizabeth II. READ MORE: Meghan heads for 'bigger and better things' as she eyes White House  Harry and Meghan threw a first birthday bash for Lilibet at Frogmore Cottage on June 4 during their visit to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. However, the majority of the Royal Family did not attend. A source told the Telegraph: "There was a bit of reluctance among the royals to admit to having any involvement in Lilibet’s birthday party." Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge did not attend the party. The couple's children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were also absent from their cousin's birthday party. Earlier this week a royal insider claimed that the monarchy wants to draw a line under tensions with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex following the end of a bullying inquiry. The source told Vanity Fair: “It was damage limitation, protecting the Royal Family and also the Duchess of Sussex. “The Queen feels there has been enough drama around the Sussexes, and she wants a line to be drawn.”  Royal commentator Richard Fitzpatrick stated that the decision to keep the inquiry findings private was an olive branch from the Firm to Meghan and Harry. He said: "The Palace, faced with the possibility of a memoir by Harry later this year and who knows what else if the Sussexes, as budding philanthropists, were antagonised, has simply closed it down. "This is obviously an olive branch to the Sussexes too. "This is not a monument to transparency and those involved may well feel hard done by, especially considering the allegations that Meghan ill-treated staff." 