Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi had Boris Johnson admit defeat and resign after the parliamentary Conservative Party crumbled around the Prime Minister last week. Chancellor Zahawi urged him to stand down in a stern letter following the resignation of 57 ministers, PPSs, and envoys. Sky News host Kay Burley questioned the importance of loyalty for Mr Zahawi as she noted he turned his back on his boss two days after being promoted to the top Treasury job. Mr Zahawi is now one of 11 candidates vying to take over the leadership of the Conservative Party and of the country. The Sky News host asked: "How important is loyalty to you given your actions with the Prime Minister over the last week?" Mr Zahawi insisted he pressed Boris Johnson into leaving to keep him from being "humiliated" by his detractors. He said: "Very important. I think I remained loyal until the end. JUST IN: Tory leadership bloodbath IMMINENT: Swathes to be wiped out in 48hrs as Boris GONE in days  "In fact, when I and many colleagues went to see him Wednesday night, and I sat with him, I told him, 'I've known you for 30 years. "'They've been trying to humiliate you and I can't bear to see you being humiliated. "'I want to explain to you what I think is going to happen and I hope you will consider it. "'Do this with dignity'." READ MORE: Brussels bloc plunged into chaos as Germans accused of blocking €9BN Ukraine aid package During his exclusive interview with Sky News, Mr Zahawi also dismissed an investigation into his tax affairs after HMRC confirmed they would review his records. He repeated that he was being "smeared" over his tax affairs, again pledging to publish his returns annually if he becomes prime minister. The newly-appointed Chancellor told Sky News in a pre-recorded interview: "I was clearly being smeared. "I was told that the Serious Fraud Office, the National Crime Agency, HMRC, were looking into me." DON'T MISS: 'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [ANALYSIS]Brexit: EU rules to replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [INSIGHT]'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [REVEAL] "I'm not aware of this. I've always declared my taxes - I've paid my taxes in the UK." He said he would "look at what the options are in terms of backdating and publishing annually", but added he would not release his tax returns from over the last decade. "If I am prime minister, I will publish them going forward. "I don't think being retrospective is right. I was in business before, I came out of that, of course, now I'm in politics."