Ackley Bridge series five will be stripped every night this week on Channel 4, catching up with what's been happening in the lives of Ackley Bridge College's students and teachers. The comedy-drama will air every night, Monday to Thursday, in the same timeslot of 10pm, with Friday, July 15's grand finale starting at the slightly later time of 11pm. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the filming of Ackley Bridge season five. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ackley Bridge. Channel 4's Ackley Bridge is set in the fictional Yorkshire mill town of the same name. The show is filmed in several locations in the north but is primarily set and filmed in Halifax. The school scenes are shot at the former St Catherine's Catholic High School in Holmfield, Halifax. In real-life, St Catherine's closed down in 2013 and has since been used for Ackley Bridge filming. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury Some of the other locations include the Square Chapel Arts Centre, Westgate Arcade, Halifax Borough Market and near Claremont Road where there is a stunning view of the city. During a Q&A, writer Jade Taylor explained the significance of filming in the area to press, including Express.co.uk. "It's hugely important that the show is filmed in Halifax", she said. "I know it's massively important to Channel 4 to celebrate and champion and use the talent that exists within the north, because there is a lot of it in TV and film. "It's not centralised to London and that's from our wonderful actors to all our other departments, the runners on the floor, looking after everyone, every day." Taylor continued: "I myself am from Yorkshire and I think it's really, really important to represent the north and to tell those storylines that don't always get the spotlight they need on television. "It's important they are told by the communities of which they are grown from. "Ackley Bridge is inspired by and was created to represent those northern working-class communities and in order to keep the authenticity, they have to be connected to the people to bring that to life. "It takes a village to make a TV show and everyone is just as important as the next person. "Therefore, filming in Halifax and utilising the wealth of talent in the north is imperative to making the show what it is. "Also, it's beautiful and it looks great on telly! So the more scenes, of which we've got quite a few, in this series, look fantastic. It's a really beautiful part of the world to film in." DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med: Fans call for Raygan firing amid season 7 premiere [REACTION]Ackley Bridge star hints character's vulnerability puts her in danger [SPOILER]Ackley Bridge season 5 cast: Who is in the cast of Channel 4 series? [CAST] While Halifax is the central location for filming Ackley Bridge, some other areas have also been used. Areas such as Bradford and Leeds have been used for various scenes in season five as well. Bradford Ice Arena can be briefly spotted in this latest season, which was also used in the 2016 TV movie Hank Zipzer’s Christmas Catastrophe. The series continues every night this week with more drama expected in the latest episode airing tonight, Tuesday, July 12. The description for episode three reads: "Johnny spirals down a dangerous path. Marina's brother Kyle arrives and causes chaos." So how will Marina Perry (played by Megan Morgan) react when her brother starts disrupting her life as Queen Bee at the college? Season five consists of 10 episodes in total, with two instalments airing every night. Ackley Bridge season 5 continues every night this week at 10pm until Friday, July 15, when it will be on at 11pm on Channel 4.