The International Air Show kicked off on Monday morning, and will last until Friday, July 22. Footage posted by an account affiliated with the local branch of the climate change protest group shows protesters dressed all in black. This is to "represent the mourning of lost generations from climate change and the resulting conflict", the account added. This comes as temperatures in the UK soar above 35C, with an unprecedented 41C forecast for later this week. The rising and potentially record-breaking temperatures have been widely linked to climate change. Protesters were spotted waving black flags bearing the Extinction Rebellion logo along with the funeral-like attire.   A number of the demonstrators also pushed empty white prams in what they dubbed a "pram rebellion". The prams are intended to symbolise "the threat that conflict and climate breakdown pose to the world’s children", the group said. The climate change protest group said that a number of weapons manufacturers who are hosting exhibits at the show were compounding the problems posed by climate change. They said: "The world’s armed forces are amongst the largest climate polluters, but avoid scrutiny as countries do not have to include armed forces’ emissions in their climate targets." READ MORE: BBC forced to apologise following athlete interview  The south-east branch of the organisation tweeted: "In solemn procession, #PramRebellion walk sorrowfully, mourning #OurChildrensFuture and remembering those children suffering and dying now in those countries most affected by conflict and #ClimateChange." In a separate post, the account added: "Arms manufacturers are meeting in air-conditioned halls to sell their destructive technologies, as ordinary people in the UK swelter in a #heatwave that experts tell us is a wake up call on #ClimateChange." The climate protests come on the same day the Met Office warned of a "danger to life" as the UK swelters in a heatwave. A red warning for extreme heat is in place for the southeast of England, the Midlands and up to Manchester, York and Leeds on Monday and Tuesday, with "serious illness" or possible death a real possibility. DON'T MISS: Hot weather LIVE: Horror charts show UK one of hottest places on earth [LIVE] New maps show how HEAVY rain will bring extreme heat to shattering end [MAP]POLL: Should schools close in the extreme heatwave? [VOTE]   The forecaster added: "Substantial changes in working practices and daily routines will be required." The Met Office said on Monday afternoon that Wales has provisionally recorded its hottest ever day, with 35.5 C logged near Aberystwyth. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who attended the opening of the Air Show on Monday, attracted criticism for showing up to such events and missing emergency government meetings on how to deal with the heatwave. Green Party MP and former leader Caroline Lucas told the House of Commons: "The government is turning up at this national extreme heat emergency with a watering can, when we need a giant fire hose.   "We are seeing a total absence of leadership. "The Prime Minister refuses to chair the Cobra meeting taking place today, and is instead filling his time with lavish parties at Chequers and juvenile photo-ops on an RAF fighter jet." She added: "The Government’s utter lack of preparedness for this crisis has been laid bare." A spokesperson for Mr Johnson said it was "not unusual" for Cobra meetings to be led by Cabinet ministers rather than the Prime Minister.