Queen Elizabeth II, 96, will open the State Rooms of Buckingham Palace for summer on Friday. The public will get a glimpse into Her Majesty’s London residence for the first time since the pandemic. The annual palace tour is held as the Royal Family go on holiday and runs for 10 weeks until October 2. Royal fans will be taken around some of the most iconic areas of the Palace, including the Grand Entrance, Grand Staircase and White Drawing Room. This year there is also an extra treat for visitors as the tour features a Platinum Jubilee display to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign. Examples of Her Majesty’s personal jewellery will be on show, alongside portraits of the monarch. The rare photographs show the Queen just after she came to the throne aged 25 in February 1952. The pictures, used for the Queen’s portrait on stamps and coins, were taken by Dorothy Wilding, the first official female royal photographer. The public have been allowed into Buckingham Palace for three decades, but things were not always this way. JUST IN: 'Should leave!' Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury The Queen decided to throw open the doors of her London residence for the first time on August 7, 1993, as the Royal Family found itself in a major crisis. The move was in response to the huge fire at Windsor Castle the previous year, which destroyed 115 rooms and caused an estimated £36.5million of damage. In the aftermath of the blaze, some MPs and sections of the media called on the Queen to pay for the repairs out of her own pocket. It was said that taxpayers’ money should not be used, especially since the country had just been through a recession. It was then that the Queen had her masterstroke of selling tickets to the public to visit the Palace. Julie Montagu, Viscountess Hinchingbrooke recalled the monarch’s lightbulb moment for Channel 5 series, ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ earlier this year. She said: “They came up with a pretty genius plan – open up Buckingham Palace to the public. “What is extraordinary about this genius plan is that it was thought of by the Queen herself. “Even if her courtiers have thought of this as a way to raise money, I don't think they would have ever approached her on this.” The Queen told other royals of her idea in a top-level meeting about the future of The Firm and its finances. DON'T MISS: 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' appearance [LATEST]Meghan and Harry snubbed as ‘fading force’ for leaving UK – ‘Not the real thing anymore’ [INSIGHT]Harry has 'broken No.1 rule of Royal Family' as prince expected to deliver more bombshells [ANALYSIS] Former Health Minister Edwina Currie was one of the first visitors to get tickets to the Palace. Speaking in the Channel 5 show, she said: “Going into Buckingham Palace when the doors open, and the flunkies invite you in, it is stepping over a genuine threshold into a world that we can only imagine.” It was originally planned the palace would only open for a limited time in order to make some quick money. But the Palace’s popularity among the public made the Royal Family think again. Ms Currie added: “The tickets went like hotcakes. What the Queen has realised is that it is an absolute goldmine. “I think it must have dawned on Her Majesty, who is an extremely shrewd investor, that we are on to a good thing here. “Actually, if we keep doing it, we could get rid of those cobwebs. We could change those drapes.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.