 Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry flew to New York City on Monday for their first joint public engagement since the Platinum Jubilee last month. The Duke of Sussex delivered a keynote speech to an informal gathering of the United Nations (UN) General Assembly as they marked Nelson Mandela Day, which celebrates the life and legacy of the late activist and former South African President. Later that day, Harry and Meghan appeared to be enjoying the city as they were spotted leaving an Italian restaurant after an evening with friends.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have forged new lives in Montecito, California since they stepped down from their royal duties two years ago. They now find themselves toeing the line between celebrity and royalty, and one royal expert has claimed the pair will be a “fading force”. Howard Hodgson, author of ‘Charles - The Man Who Will be King’, told Express.co.uk: “A bit like the Duke and Duchess of Windsor in the Forties, Fifties and Sixties, I think they [Harry and Meghan] will become a fading force. “They’re not the real thing anymore and all celebrities have their day.” READ MORE: Meghan failed to stay silent on Harry relationship despite 'strict orders' from prince  He added: “Celebrities go in and out of fashion, and they come and they go. “Our monarchy has gone on for thousands of years, but US celebrities, which is what Meghan and Harry are becoming, don’t have that same longevity.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK with their children — three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet — for the first time at the beginning of last month. Meghan and Harry kept a low profile throughout the celebratory weekend and were only spotted at two public events.  Their standing within the Royal Family was made clear during the national Service of Thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II, for which the Sussexes were seated on the other side of the aisle to other senior members of the Firm, including Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Following the service, the couple made no further public appearances to celebrate the Jubilee, and jetted back to the US before the festivities came to a close. In California, the couple have been pursuing their own interests, including launching their non-profit Archewell and producing content with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. Harry is understood to be working on a documentary which focuses on the Invictus Games, a multi-sport event for sick or injured military personnel and veterans, which he founded in 2014.  He and Meghan travelled to the Netherlands in April for the Games and were reportedly spotted with a film crew — believed to be working on the documentary. The couple are also said to be filming content for an at-home style docuseries, with the film crew reportedly spotted during their recent trip to New York City. Meanwhile, Meghan’s new podcast ‘Archetypes’ is expected to be released this summer, having been teased with a Spotify trailer back in March. The podcast is set to tackle type casting and delve into the labels that “hold women back”.  Meghan is reportedly throwing herself into the podcast, which will include in-depth conversations with historians, experts and women who have been impacted by stereotyping and type casting. In moving to the US, and launching business and charitable ventures across the pond, Meghan and Harry have planted themselves away from the British public. Mr Howard claimed: “They are just a sideshow to the Royal Family here [in Britain], but perhaps a bigger sideshow in the US. It is like giving America their own little Royal Family.” Similarly, former TMZ journalists and co-hosts of the Hollywood Raw podcast Dax Holt and Adam Glyn have previously insisted that Meghan and Harry are considered royalty in the US. Speaking on Kinsey Schofield’s ToDiForDaily podcast in May, Mr Holt said: "Here in America, Prince Harry and Meghan are still royalty to us.  "We don’t care what they think over in the UK… you guys can be mad at them… you can be upset that they left… you can side with whatever you want. "Sorry, they’re royalty here in America and by all means… dress up, play royal, have a good time… because we are here for it." Mr Glyn added: "Yeah, no, I agree with Dax. "It’s no matter what they do, even though they left the royalty, they are still royalty, they will always be treated as royalty."