Manchester United may be about to receive exactly what they need to haul two of Erik ten Hag's key deals over the line this summer. Andreas Pereira's £10million move to Fulham is on the verge of completion, which should give the Red Devils enough firepower to clinch moves for Frenkie de Jong and Lisandro Martinez. The United hierarchy will be pleased to bank what could turn out to be eight figures for Pereira, given that he has never been a nailed-on regular at Old Trafford and has not appeared in the Premier League since 2019/20. His move to Fulham is set to net them an initial £8m, with the extra £2m potentially arriving in add-ons. Although the sums are nothing to write home about by today's standards, they could be exactly what Ten Hag needs to get two important deals over the line. The former Ajax boss has already welcomed his first recruit of the summer after Tyrell Malacia's switch from Feyenoord. It is now a poorly-kept secret that the Dutchman holds De Jong as the cornerstone of his United project, but Barcelona seem to be playing dirty during negotiations. The move seemed to be heading in the right direction when United agreed a £56m fee for the midfielder, potentially rising to £73m, but Barca President Joan Laporta stated last week that the club did not want to sell. JUST IN: Tottenham line up five more transfer exits before pre-season tour after £26m Bergwijn deal De Jong is believed to have two options on the table - join United, or stay at Barcelona on a reduced wage. The player has described playing for La Blaugrana as his 'dream', which means it could take an even more lucrative pay packet to sway him towards the Premier League. That, of course, is where the Pereira windfall would come in mightily handy. De Jong has built a reputation as a press-resistant midfielder who is comfortable taking the ball in tight spaces, and his tendency to pass forward could give United an extra edge alongside the incoming Christian Eriksen. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'tracking' bargain Raphinha alternative as Todd Boehly's back-up plan takes shape The Red Devils' extra cash could also be put to good use by out-gunning Arsenal to the signing of Lisandro Martinez. Ajax are believed to be holding out for £43m, with United and the Gunners both toying with offers several million below the asking price. United fans would surely appreciate the Pereira windfall being put to good use and sewing up the deal for Martinez before Arsenal get the chance to make headway. Although, on paper, the prospect of a reunion with Ten Hag would make Old Trafford the defender's more likely destination, he is reported to be an admirer of Mikel Arteta's ideas, and the Emirates may be considered a more stable environment at present. "He has a lovely left foot, is very constructive, can play in that defensive midfield position, can play as a defensive but constructive left-back - not an auxiliary winger flying up the flank, but someone who can construct from deep," South American football expert Tim Vickery told Sky Sports. "You wonder if he has the physicality for the Premier League and maybe that explains why United don't seem to be in pole position. It's Arsenal who would seem to be doing the running on this one."