Wimbledon fans will have a tough decision to make on Wednesday with the order of play for Day 10 putting Nick Kygios and Rafael Nadal's matches at the same time. The battle for the singles title has narrowed down to real contenders now with the quarter-final matches underway on Tuesday. Novak Djokovic opened play on Centre Court in his clash with No 10 seed Jannik Sinner while Britain's Cameron Norrie plays later on Court One. But there will be plenty of interest in Kyrgios' first major quarter final since the 2015 Australian Open. And Nadal also continues his run for the Calendar Slam when he takes on Taylor Fritz. Tuesday's quarter-final day saw the men's and singles matches split so that they wouldn't clash with one another. But that's not been the case for Wednesday's order of play with both women's quarter finals opening play on Centre Court and Court One. Simona Halep faces off against Amanda Anisimova on Centre Court while Ajla Tomljanovic takes on Elena Rybakina. JUST IN: Djokovic sends Tsitsipas stern message after joking with Kyrgios  That means Kyrgios' match against Cristian Garin will likely start around the same time as Nadal's quarter final with Fritz. A similar situation happened at the weekend with Nadal scheduled last on Centre Court against Lorenzo Sonego when Kyrgios was facing off against Stefanos Tsitsipas. BBC have ended their coverage of Wimbledon on both channels in the evening, but the two men's quarters will likely avoid being cut from TV. Even if the women's quarters goes to three sets, the men's matches will likely start between 3-4pm. But that means Wimbledon fans watching from home will have to pick and choose between which match to watch out of Nadal and Kyrgios. The men's and women's singles quarter-finals had traditionally been played on separate days in the past. But the introduction of play on middle Sunday this year has led to a change in scheduling with 'Manic Monday' no more. DON'T MISS  It's still expected for the women's semi finals to take place on Thursday with their final scheduled for Saturday. That could be the reason for Wimbledon scheduling the two women's quarters first on Centre Court and Court One for Wednesday in order to give them more time to rest and recover. There are only four seeded players left in the women's draw and Ons Jabeur is the sole top-15 player who remains. No 1 seed Iga Swiatek suffered a shock defeat in the third round to Alize Cornet - the Polish star's first loss in 37 games. Emma Raducanu, Anett Kontaveit and Danielle Collins were also among the favourites to suffer early-round exits.