Yes, it's Prime Minster's Questions at noon - and we're all set for an edge of the seat thriller and just possibly a "remember where you were when....?" defining moment. All the lying, cheating, double-crossing and groping has been leading up to this - so will it be the inevitable ending we all now suspect or will Boris leave us with a cliff hanger? Because the only question in politics today is should he stay or should he go now? We know what Sir Keir thinks, and we know what Rishi and Sajid think. But the rest? The only rock solid backing for Boris right now seems to be Boris. Everyone else seems to be calculating what's in it for them and acting accordingly. How very Adam Smith. The PMQ's cheer-ometer (and just who's doing the cheering and who the hissing) will be as enlightening on this matter as any round of po-faced media interviews, so keep your mincers peeled! Oddly today's PMQs pugilistic half hour will be as much a judgement on Sir Keir as on Boris. If the Labour leader can't land proper killer blows today then when can he? Boris, who is staggering around with a positive canteen's worth of knives in his back, should be a dead man walking. It's hard not to feel slightly embarrassed that the Tory front bench are so much more proficient at humiliating the Prime Minister than the leader of Her Majesty's Opposition. But, despite the fin de siecle mood in the party (and I suspect over the nation's breakfast tables) take nothing for granted yet. Boris has had so many "et tu Brute?" moments in his parliamentary career he might as well add the phrase to his email signature. But, lord above, that was a lot of resignations. Even if the pompous self-serving manner in which they were delivered left most of us feeling like heaving.   Politicians - elected or unelected - don't resign on high principle (no-one with an actual scruple would come within a mile of Westminster), they resign when they calculate the damage being done to their political ambition outweighs the benefits of sucking up to the leadership. But, cynical as this may be, it also offers a more honest view of just how deep in the s*** senior Tories feel the party now is. And yesterday Rishi and Sajid (and a positively dizzying supporting cast) did their own sums and here we are. So at quarter to 12, down tools, put the kettle on and treat yourself to a feast of high drama. At this point it's impossible to second guess whether we'll get a satisfying ending or whether the unlikely hero will escape and get another series, but it'll be great telly either way. 