Janette Manrara spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the “massive change” she made in her life during lockdown. Fearing she would burn out amid her gruelling Strictly schedule, Janette quit the show and became an advocate for wellness. Janette, 38, became the new host of It Takes Two in 2021, replacing Zoe Ball. Discussing how she had heard of people totally burning out and collapsing due to the stress of work, she said: “It wasn't until the pandemic happened and I was forced to kind of slow down, that I realised just how close I could have been to something like that happening to me. “And I think that's the same for a lot of people these days, we all learned and  reflected a lot in lockdown in some shape, or form. “I fell in love with meditation and yoga, and wellbeing has always been a subject that I'm interested in because it encompasses all of those things in one.” She continued: “So I took a course online and then another course online and I'm not an expert, but I would say I am a fan, I am a wellness warrior. "So I've kind of shifted my approach, my ethos and my lifestyle has really massively changed over the last couple years.” Janette was speaking at the launch of New Nordic’s new Collagen Shot, exploring the rise of beauty from within and the practice of taking collagen to improve how you look and feel from the inside out. “I was introduced to the New Nordic team, and their Collagen Shot, and I just felt that it was such a perfect match because that's exactly what they're all about,” she explained. “It's a combination of how it takes care of all of you, not just a cream for this, something for that - it's about the holistic experience that comes with New Nordic.” Janette recently made headlines after an unfortunate incident involving a dog. She had been performing on BBC One’s Morning Live with husband Aljaz Skorjanec, and the pair had been so engrossed in their dancing, they failed to support an enthusiastic canine approaching - until it was too late. Janette’s foot made contact with the pup’s head, as the camera swiftly panned away. The dog, named Dolly, belonged to TV vet Dr James Greenwood, who had brought him on to the show. Janette apologised profusely and expressed relief that the adorable Dolly was unharmed. She posted a photo captioned with her "sincere apologies to Dolly" on an Instagram Stories slide, after the pup had been a little too enthusiastic about joining in with their moves. "She stepped into Aljaž and I doing our little lift at the end of the show," she explained. "Her excitement to join in was high! She is completely okay and we cuddled and kissed and made up.” She reiterated the same message on Twitter when Dr Greenwood made a social media update about his pet, reassuring her 195,200 followers: "We had cuddles and kisses straight after! Posting a heartwarming photo of Dolly appearing to be in high spirits, Dr Greenwood had also assured followers: "Just home from @BBCMorningLive - THANK YOU everyone for all your messages and concerns after Dollies eagerness to join in with #strictlyfitness this morning!" He emphasised that he wanted "to reassure everyone that she is 100% fine, all is OK and she’s currently back to charging around the garden!" "I’m so happy she is okay. Sending more cuddles her way."