Chelsea striker Timo Werner is reportedly annoyed at Thomas Tuchel for being "too critical and skeptical". Werner could leave Stamford Bridge this summer after falling out of favour under Tuchel last season. The Germany international spoke about his future earlier this week, claiming he wants to play more to get ready for the World Cup later this year. Tuchel has hit back at the 26-year-old's comments, questioning his public stance. And it appears there is bad blood between the duo. Sky Sport Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg says Werner is not happy with Tuchel's treatment of him and claims there is no harmony between them. Plettenberg tweeted: "Update #Werner: His possible departure can become a hot topic. Been told that Werner is annoyed of the fact that Tuchel is too critical & skeptical. "There is no harmony. Timo likes #CFC a lot but he wants to play regularly. His big aim: A big role at the World Cup." READ MORE: Bayern boss Julian Nagelsmann makes Harry Kane prediction - 'We'll see'  This comes after earlier claims that Werner is likely to leave Chelsea in this window. Werner made just 15 Premier League starts last season, scoring four goals. The former RB Leipzig star claimed at the beginning of this week that he would be happy anywhere if he was playing. And he wants to ensure he is putting himself in the best position to play at Qatar 2022. Werner said: "First of all, the most important thing is that I am happy. I am happy when I play and score goals. That's the fact. "I could be happy everywhere. It is clear I want to play more, and I should play more to first be in good shape for the World Cup and, also, to have a chance to play at the World Cup." DON'T MISSMan Utd given major Frenkie de Jong boost as Barcelona boss Xavi 'sanctions exit'Man Utd’s title-challenging XI if Neves, Depay and two other players joinLiverpool sent reassuring message as three Guardiola mistakes pointed out at Man City  Tuchel hit back at Werner's comments when speaking to the media on Friday. He says the forward should be happy to be at Chelsea and does not understand his desire to leave. Tuchel said: "I'm surprised. I would be very happy as a young guy having a contract at Chelsea Football Club. "I would be one of the happiest people on the planet. Show quality, take your place and defend your place. "I would be one of the happiest people on the planet having a contract with Chelsea. If he said this, I do not understand." 