Nick Kyrgios has been tipped for US Open success by former tennis pro Leif Shiras, following his impressive battle against Novak Djokovic during last week’s Wimbledon final. Kyrgios competed in his first ever Grand Slam finale at SW19 last week, following an impressive string of performances. World No. 1 Novak Djokovic proved just a step too far for the Australian star though, as he was beaten 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 despite a valiant batter in the scorching Wimbledon sunshine. Defeat means that Kyrgios’ wait for a singles Slam title goes on, with his next chance coming in New York in September. Ahead of the fourth and final Grand Slam in the United States, former pro turned journalist Shiras believes the 26-year-old has what it takes to make a second successive Grand Slam final. Speaking on the ‘With Kamu Murray Podcast’ he said: “I think he has got the talent to do it [reach another Grand Slam final]. “Can he marshal all the resources required to win seven three out of five said matches in a full draw, not one that's gutted by withdrawals and players not being allowed to play and that's where it can be a little tough." Unsurprisingly tennis’ notorious ‘bad boy’ Kyrgios was up to his usual tricks at SW19. JUST IN: Wimbledon champion donates bonus in heartwarming gesture Throughout his rollercoaster run to the final, the Australian star had run-ins with his opponents, tournament officials, the crowd and even his own family and team on the way to his final defeat to Djokovic. Most notably, Kyrgios was accused of ‘bullying’ by his third round opponent Stefanos Tsitsipas, but brushed off the claim when questioned post-match. As a result, Shiras believes the Wimbledon finalist’s incredible talent mixed with his fiery personality shadows that of seven-time Grand Slam champion John McEnroe. “I think he can, he reminds me a little bit of John McEnroe back in my era," Shiras said. "John was blessed with so much talent. You always wondered though how his emotions and his temper would get in the way and he was able to manage that enough to allow his best tennis to come out and he became one of the game's greats. I am not sure Nick has that level of achievement in him but I think he has got another slam final maybe in New York on the fast hard courts.” DON'T MISS...Novak Djokovic shares Australian Open plans and pleads with US chiefsTennis star releases furious statement after match-fixing allegationsDjokovic warned five players may stop him winning Nadal GOAT battle Kyrgios also caused uproar when sporting a red cap and red trainers court side, breaking the strict all-white tournament dress code which led to a fine. Discussing the controversy, Shiras added: “Nick always seems to be pushing buttons you know, he just can't resist it. “The red hat, I mean it carries so many connotations nowadays, obviously in the political spectrum. So there is always seems like it was just such a powerful image you know, here we are at all white Wimbledon the dress is, you know, considered a sign of respect to the venue and to the history of the game."