Britons are bracing themselves for a scorcher. The Met Office has issued a three-day extreme weather warning as of Sunday across parts of England as temperatures are forecast to reach as high as 36C in some areas. While stifling weather conditions might be a welcome change for some, it can make for an uncomfortable experience indoors in the typically highly insulated UK homes. The Met Office said the amber warning, which has been issued for Sunday, July 17 and Monday, July 18, “highlights likely adverse health effects for the public, not just limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat.” It said: “Temperatures could be in excess of 35C in the southeast, and more widely around 32C within the warning area.” This could leave many Britons throwing the windows open as the first point of call, but is this the best thing to do during these conditions? Advice leans in both directions, but the answer is to find the right balance. READ MORE: UK energy bills to rise by £100 over use of 'Soviet style' heat pumps   The NHS' George’s, Epsom and St Helier Hospitals Group advised: “Keep windows closed when the room is cooler than outside, but open them at night when the temperatures have dropped.” So, if the temperature is hotter outside, typically during the daytime, it’s much better to keep them closed to prevent the warm air from filtering in and exacerbating conditions indoors. But make sure to open them again when temperatures drop to get the cooler breeze. Northern Ireland Direct Government Services echoes the same advice, as does the official UK Government website.  It reads: “Open windows when the air feels cooler outside than inside, for example, at night. Try to get air flowing through your home, if possible.” It also advised keeping blinds and curtains drawn during the day - especially if they’re lighter colours. However, if you happen to have darker curtains or metal blinds, it’s advised to do the opposite as this can in fact make the room much hotter. Dark colours absorb more heat because they absorb more light energy. The closer the colour is to black, the more light energy it will absorb, which will translate into a climbing room temperature.  DON'T MISS:How to lift sun cream stains from clothes - avoid this one ingredient [EXPLAINED]Exact temperature setting for fans to be ‘most efficient’ [ANALYSIS]Will schools close in the hot weather? What you need to know [INSIGHT]   The Hospital Group provided a list of additional tips to keep cool during the stifling heat, as follows: Adhering to these measures will ultimately help keep you safe, as extended periods of time spent in hot weather can lead to illnesses like heat exhaustion.  Although this isn’t often serious and will ease up in time, there is a chance it can turn into a heat stroke, which is much more serious. The NHS website lists the key symptoms of heat exhaustion to look out for as the following: If you feel yourself suffering any of the above, the NHS advises to seek means to cool yourself down and drink plenty of water. 