Households in tax bands A to D are now eligible for the £150 rebate and will not have to pay it back.Britons are urged to not miss the deadline as they risk missing out on the extra cash if it passes by. Britons will have to apply for the rebate if they do not pay their bills by direct debit. For more information on deadlines, Britons are encouraged to check with their local council as the requirements vary. The rebate will be come as a separate payment rather than part of someone’s council tax bill. People can find out who their local council is by using the postcode checker on the Government website. For most households, the stated deadline to apply for the rebate has been extended to September 30, 2022. READ MORE: Mum explains simple way to save £171 a year in number of budgeting moves It was previously announced that if someone pays their council tax by direct debit, the rebate will likely be sent straight to their bank account from April. However people who pay their council tax bill manually may experience some delays as they may have to apply for the rebate, which means the cash could take longer to come. Councils across the country have until September 30 to administer the tax rebate to eligible households which means the deadline has yet to pass. When someone gets their £150 rebate depends on where they live. Each council will have different systems and the dates dates can vary. Many have put up instructions on their websites on what to do if someone has not got their money by a certain point. All councils have a contact page on their website for those who are concerned about what to do while waiting or are looking to see if there is any issue regarding their claim. People living in council tax brackets E to H are not eligible for the rebate but could receive other support. Households that are struggling to afford their bills are being urged to apply for support through a £144million discretionary fund. Many people who are unable to claim assistance from the £150 discount may be able to get £40 in support from elsewhere. The Government explained: "In recognition that billing authorities may wish to provide support to households who are not eligible under the terms of the main scheme, councils will receive a share of a £144million discretionary fund." Each council in the UK can decide who is eligible for the payment. Those who are not eligible for the £150 will be able to apply, like those living in council tax bands E to H.