They didn’t actually use the words sod off but the sentiment was there all right. Judge for yourself. This was tweeted out by staff member AndyM: “We strive for inclusion and equality and quite simply in doing what’s right. If you disagree with our values you are welcome to close your account.” And hopefully by now tens of thousands have. And hopefully many more will follow. Because whoever posted that tweet (probably some wet behind the ears Generation Z numpty) clearly hasn’t a clue what inclusion means having just alienated vast swathes of the bank’s customers. That contemptuous, hostile, passive aggressive response was basically the Halifax sticking two fingers up at customers who dared to question their policies or should that be ideologies? The furore started earlier this week the bank tweeted a photograph of a staff member’s name badge that said “Gemma” and underneath had she/her/hers pronouns. The caption on the image said: “Pronouns matter. #ItsAPeopleThing” Had I banked at the Halifax that condescending tweet on its own would have been enough for me to close my account because I don’t want to be preached at by the people I entrust with my money. It’s the customers’ money and the profits made on the back of that money which pays these people’s wages. How dare they tell us how we should address people? And the clear implication here is that you object to these badges – or you just think they’re unnecessary nonsense – then you’re obviously a bigot and the bank doesn’t want your business. Here’s another of the Halifax’s nonsensical statements: “We want to create a safe and accepting environment that opens the conversation around gender identity”. I don’t want to be having conversations about gender identity with a bunch of self-righteous bank tellers. I couldn’t care less what he/she thinks about the issue – just look after my money will you? “We care about our customers and colleagues’ individual preferences so, for us, it’s a very simple solution to accidental misgendering,” said another statement. Er no, this bank clearly doesn’t give a stuff about its customers. If it did it wouldn’t have been so damned rude to them. So here’s a question – what happens if a customer did accidentally misgender a bank teller? Would they forcibly thrown out onto the street. Would they be publicly shamed and humiliated in front of other customers? Would their accounts cancelled? If the answer is no to all of those questions and someone is accidentally misgendered (hardly the crime of the century) surely a simple apology would suffice. And how would it work if you went into the bank with a query having previously spoken to someone in there the day before. You’d go in and say you’d spoken to a woman (you’re already in trouble for assuming the person is a woman) on Counter One yesterday. You’d then get accused of misgendering that person and of being a bigot for not using the proper pronouns. (You are of course expected to remember what pronouns were on this person badge) This is simply madness and won’t work in any case. And what might feel like the “right thing” to the little wokies in the bank’s social media department might not feel like the right thing to the millions of loyal Halifax customers . This is simply a virtue signalling exercise and I very much hope it turns out to be the bank’s Gerald Ratner moment (he was the jewellery boss who once joked that his firm’s jewellery was crap and the business promptly fell off a cliff) because this banking giant clearly doesn’t respect what the vast majority of their customers think or feel. Nor it seems do they care about losing money (probably because it’s actually ours) because after what’s happened this week the Halifax will lose money. And it will deserve to. And while the bank can say “pronouns matter” the fact is they only matter to a tiny minority so why has it alienated and insulted the vast majority? Also how do the elderly and the vulnerable have a hope in hell of dealing with this woke tosh when it’s so incredibly confusing. For many, the online world is already scary enough now they’re going to be terrified of misgendering people if they even understand what that means. This just isn’t fair. It’s bad enough we have to put up with shoddy, erratic service from banks along with their pathetically poor interest rates. It’s bad enough that scores of branches are closing and you can never get through to anyone on the phone. But to be insulted and then told you can beggar off if you dare to question one of their policies – well the Halifax really doesn’t deserve anyone’s custom. And I’m wondering how many of its staff actually wanted to wear these badges? There was talk they’d been forced into it but the bank quickly denied that and said it was totally voluntary. Yeah okay. But how many staff would dare not to wear them if they knew the bank wanted them to? I don’t know about you but I wouldn’t give a single penny of my money to a bank that forced its beliefs and its ideologies onto the people who literally pay their wages. More importantly why would anyone entrust their money to a bank that holds its customers in such contempt?