Anyone with a Fire TV Stick plugged into the back of their telly is about to be treated to one of the biggest changes in years. Amazon has just confirmed that it's about to unleash a massive redesign to its popular Prime Video app and its Fire devices will be some of the first to see the blockbuster upgrade. The new look has been in the making for almost two years and will completely transform how this streaming service appears on the big screen. Amazon is promising a more "dynamic and immersive experience from the moment you sign on" and it's about time too. Those who use the current Prime Video app will be well aware that it's nowhere near as slick as rivals such as Netflix and Disney+ but Amazon is hoping to fix that problem thanks to this major redesign that features a simplified navigation system that appears cleaner and less cluttered. The all-important "Continue Watching" carousel - that lets you carry on viewing favourite content - has been improved to make finding it more simple and there's a new structure to the whole menu system with content categories now listed down the left of the screen rather than at the top. Another nice feature is instant access to a Top 10 list which quickly shows what other users are bingeing on so you don't miss out. There's no exact release day for this upgrade but it's expected that the majority of Fire TV users will see it arrive on their devcies before the weekend. Luckily, it's not just those with Amazon streaming gadgets plugged into their gogglebox as there's also good news for owners of Roku devices, Apple TV and Android-powered players with Amazon confirming that these platforms will also receive the upgrade this week. If you weren't already aware, Prime Video is included as standard as part of Amazon's Prime delivery service. This subscription plan costs £7.99 per month and also offers audio via Prime Music and free, fast delivery on thousands of products. Anyone not interested in those added features can simply subscribe to Prime Video and pay £5.99. This fee brings access to blockbuster movies, boxsets and Amazon originals such as Clarksons Farm, The Grand Tour, The Boys, Good Omens, and American Gods. Along with getting content on TVs, Prime Video also includes full access to shows and movies on mobile devices such as iPhones, Android smartphones and tablets.