Sir Keir Starmer faces a tougher path to electoral victory facing off against a new Conservative leader, former Labour Advisor Kevin Meagher has suggested. Mr Meagher has given his views on the future of the Labour Party after Boris Johnson's resignation set the wheels in motion for a new prime minister to take over in Number 10. Mr Meagher told GB News: "The danger for labour is of course if something similar happens here where Boris goes and takes with him some of the kind of toxic legacy about the last couple years, the things that have dogged him, the scandals all the partygate stuff and all of that. "That goes and you get somebody else that comes in with a very different tone, a very different style and the public take a look and say, okay, let's give this person a go. "I mean, I can imagine, you know, the juxtaposition of Boris with somebody like Sajid Javid, for example, who is a very serious person, and someone who seems to most voters a reasonably sincere chap. "Now if he was to win and there is no indication he will, I think it'll be a big struggle for him, but for example, if he were to win a symbolism being the first Asian Prime Minister, it will be quite a moment. JUST IN: Boris Johnson compared to Gordon Brown—‘Had to be dragged out of No10'  "Again, I think it would help to reset the narrative of the Conservative Party's got and we'll give it a chance possibly of winning the general election. "We are in that awkward kind of halfway stage in this parliament where all things are kind of possible. "But, Labour having Boris Johnson in office, kind of fatally wounded hold below the waterline whichever kind of phrases or adjectives you want to use, is probably better for Kier Starmer and Labour than having a new conservative leader, new prime minister." The Tory leadership contest is now unofficially under way, with Boris Johnson's resignation setting the wheels in motion for a new prime minister to take the reins. Mr Johnson intends to remain in office until his successor is elected, a process which could take months, prompting a backlash from party grandees and political opponents over his attempt to "cling on" in No 10 until the autumn. But with his departure firing the starting gun for a contest to replace him, attention has turned to potential successors. The clear favourite to replace Mr Johnson among Tory party members is Ben Wallace, according to a new YouGov poll. The Defence Secretary, who has not yet announced a leadership bid, has won admirers in Westminster for his straight-talking and straightforward approach, particularly among Conservative MPs who applauded his push for increased UK defence spending. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson - it’s time for you to stand down, says Roy Daniels [OPINION] Will there be a general election? Boris on brink [INSIGHT] Prince Charles' tense meeting with Boris Johnson: 'No respect!' [REVEAL]  Mr Wallace, who served in the Scots Guards, was a key voice in the UK's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and this increased exposure could assist any leadership bid. Hot on his heels in YouGov's popularity ranking is Penny Mordaunt, who made waves in 2019 as the UK's first female defence secretary before being fired by Mr Johnson shortly after he became Prime Minister. The Brexit-backing trade minister is reported to have a campaign team in place. Other big beasts who have not yet announced their candidacy include Rishi Sunak and Mr Javid, whose resignations from Cabinet on Tuesday triggered the mass exodus that ultimately crippled Mr Johnson's leadership.