Regular arrangements with friends are starting to bore you. You want something different out of life. Travel holds a strong appeal. You won’t be able to fight the temptation to scan through travel advertisements and holiday brochures when getting away from it all sounds like a great idea. It helps to talk. If you haven’t been getting on well with a close friend or partner, ignoring the problem is not going to make it go away. Ask yourself what went wrong, how and why. Once you realise a minor misunderstanding has caused all the problems, a heart-to-heart discussion will help clear the air. Your positive outlook makes this an ideal time to start working on long-term plans and aims for the future. You have a clear picture in your mind of where your life should go. All that remains is figuring out the best way to get there.  Don’t rush into making important decisions. Instead, take your time to consider your views on a number of matters. Making an impetuous choice could prove costly in the future. If need be, get a second opinion before putting your name to anything. A project you have been planning for some time will be launched. You are bubbling over with enthusiasm and this motivates others into action. This venture has been thoroughly considered and once begun, there will be no complications. The talking stage is over. It is time now for action. You’ve always had a good sense of what is and what’s not good for you. Don’t get so carried away by a wave of popularity that you start to overdo it. Health problems, no matter how small, should not be ignored or neglected. A social invitation will allow you to exploit a creative talent.  Are you being too generous and giving with your time and energy? You want to be able to help people and as vital as it is to you to be able to put yourself out for your friends and family if this is what they need from you, your own affairs are being neglected. There is work to be done and a task you now must tackle isn’t a job for one person only. Help is needed and the more people you can persuade to join in with this task, the better. With several talented friends helping out, the work will quickly be accomplished. Make it your aim to help out only where and when you know it is really needed. Someone is making too much of a habit of relying on you to make choices and decisions for them. It is time to encourage them to be more independent.  Attending a quickly arranged get-together or agreeing to help with a community exercise could have surprising consequences. New friendships will blossom out of just such a celebration. Expect the day to be sprinkled with plenty of interesting gossip. A lot has been going on recently that you seem to have missed. You hadn’t thought a recent offer or suggestion was one you could benefit from. Someone is waiting for an answer and you still have a few things to consider before making up your mind. Once you have weighed up the pros and cons, you could start seeing this in a different light. Activities you don’t normally get to enjoy will add a special brand of pleasure to your day. Meeting up with friends and other social gatherings will mean that your feet may not be still for very long. You intend to enjoy this bright and breezy day to the fullest. 