NCIS' Agent Michelle Lee (played by Liza Lapira) was introduced in season four where she embarked on a fling with Donald "Ducky" Mallard's (David McCallum) medical assistant Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen). Their romance ended in season five as Palmer felt that he was being "used" and she wasn't seen again until series six. This is when the real drama started for Agent Lee as she was hiding plenty of secrets from the rest of the team. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.US military plans were being leaked from within NCIS and after some digging, it was discovered that Lee was the mole. When confronted, she confessed but explained it was because Amanda, her sister who she has raised like a daughter since their parents' death, was being held captive. She helped NCIS track down the real culprit behind it all Ted Bankston (David Eigenberg) who took hold of Lee as a human shield to try and protect himself. But in a moment of self-sacrifice, Lee gave Agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) the nod to shoot, killing both her and Bankston. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury While actress Liza Lapira didn't become a series regular in NCIS, she has gone on to star in various other popular shows since her exit in 2008. Some of these include Dollhouse, Traffic Light, Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23, Super Fun Night, Battle Creek and Cooper Barrett's Guide to Surviving Life. More recently, Lapira starred as Eve in the CBS sitcom 9JKL and Mia in Netflix's Unbelievable. She also starred in the revamp of Nancy Drew on The CW as clairvoyant Victoria Fan. Fans nowadays will best know her as Melody "Mel" Bayani in the CBS drama The Equalizer. Starring alongside Queen Latifah as Robyn McCall, Mel is a former sniper with the US Air Force, turned bar owner. She is often Robyn's right-hand woman on missions and someone the equalizer can truly rely on when things get tough. Lapira praised the show earlier this year for allowing her to work closely on a racism storyline. DON'T MISS...John McEnroe shares regret over Wimbledon mistakes [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA’s Fatima star sparks frenzy over new collaboration from series [CAST]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sent tributes as he celebrates with cast [TRIBUTE] In season two, the justice vigilantes find out that the owner of a Chinese-American restaurant was killed in a hate crime, masked to look like an accidental electrical fire. This led to Mel herself opening up about her own experience of racism. Speaking to EW, Lapira said: "The way the writers' room worked with me is the way it should be, or could be the model for other shows. "I was involved soup to nuts in a very real way. I was given the heads-up months before, I had several conversations with Zoe [Robyn, writer]. "She listened, listened, listened. It was a case study in active listening." NCIS will be back for more exciting episodes as it has been renewed for a 20th season. CBS gave the drama the green light, along with its spin-offs NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS Hawaii. NCIS season 20 will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS. NCIS is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK. 