Jurgen Klopp has always insisted that pre-season is arguably the most important time of the year, not just for players to get fit but for new players to settle in. And with Darwin Nunez, it could be a crucial period in helping the Uruguayan adjust to his new surroundings after struggling on his Liverpool debut. The 22-year-old was handed his first minutes in a Liverpool shirt since his £85million move, after replacing Bobby Clark on 62 minutes against Manchester United in Singapore on Tuesday. But the towering forward looked some way short of full fitness, which is common at this early stage of the pre-seasons schedule due to the fatigue and lack of match practice. There was a noticeable amount of criticism that followed when the striker missed a gilt-edged chance to restore some pride for the Reds after their heavy 4-0 defeat. But Klopp insisted he was not worried in the slightest about the missed opportunity and spoke about his responsibility of getting the best out of the former Almeria star. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp fires Nunez warning to fans after difficult debut "I’m completely calm. I know with strikers it is like this, he missed a chance and then we have these nerves, people out there (saying), ‘Oh my God, he missed a chance’," he told reporters. “I can promise it will not be the last, for no striker in the world. They will miss chances, that’s how it is. Having them is good. And from there we go." This show of faith is nothing new from Klopp — in fact, the abundance of confidence he shows in his players often proves to be contagious and spreads to the players themselves. And his absolute certainty that Nunez will eventually come good derives from years of creating the same pre-season schedules where team bonding is regarded as being just as important as improving their fitness. Back in 2017, Klopp took his side to a warm weather training camp in California before heading onto the Austrian Alps. And there, he spoke at length about the marked difference from the first day to the last in pre-season, after watching his side bond across the weeks they spent together in the United States. DON'T MISSKlopp has perfect Liverpool player to unlock Nunez's true abilitySuarez tried to sign Liverpool new boy Nunez for Barcelona in 2020Liverpool threaten to hijack Man Utd move after 'talking' to agent “That’s why you go to training camps, usually, because they are then all together 24 hours [a day],” he continued. “Having breakfast, lunch and dinner together, spare time together and all that stuff. It’s very important. "You can ask each new player who came in last year how he felt on his first day and the day after the camp or day after pre-season, that’s a very decisive period. The closer you can get in this period, the better it is.” It is the small details that Klopp recognises, from team bonding sessions to hiring coaches that specialise in throw-ons, that make him one of the best in the world. He will put every ounce of his meticulous preparation into helping Nunez become the best striker he can possibly be for the Reds. Of course, Klopp will be hoping his marquee signing will be up and running in no time to deliver the goals that have left with Sadio Mane, after the Senegalese joined Bayern Munich earlier in the summer. But he will acknowledge and accept that, with every player, there is a bedding-in period that must be respected. There is little doubt that Nunez will find his feet with some patience after scoring 34 goals last season for Benfica. It will take time for him to find an understanding with Mohamed Salah, while Luis Diaz — who also speaks Spanish — can do his part in welcoming Nunez into the fold. With further friendlies against RB Leipzig and Red Bull Salzburg to come this month, Nunez will welcome the chance to acquaint himself with the way Liverpool play on the pitch. Away from it, there will be a concerted effort from the squad and Klopp to make him feel at home — because once he is fit, firing and content, Liverpool will reap the full benefits.