This side really has captured the imagination of a nation, with record TV audiences and sold out stadiums. We could see the biggest UK TV audience for a women’s football match yet. I, for one, cannot wait. But will the wait be over for a first major trophy for the women’s national team? Is football coming home? I’m taking my toddler to Wembley for the afternoon to soak up the atmosphere as – while I won’t be going to the match itself – I want my daughter to be part of something very special. I want her to be that next generation of female that plays the game, watches the game and feels included. There’s just the small matter that my partner is German and I grew up supporting Scotland. But as an English-born little girl I get the feeling she will thank me for the newly-purchased all-white kit in the not-too-distant future – not sure my washing machine will though! I’ll then join the many millions tuning in to watch the match at home. Nine million watched the quarter-final win, while Tuesday’s semi-final saw a whopping 11 million viewers on the BBC and online. This evening’s sell-out final is set to break records yet again. It’s not hard to see why. The goals have been free flowing, we’ve seen a midfield master class and a solid defence – with the mastermind in their bid for glory, manager Sarina Weigman. All hail the Dutch manager who has brought a change of culture and improved performances – England are a joy to watch. Weigman is incredibly pragmatic and level-headed in situations of pressure and it is very much rubbing off on her squad. They are cool, calm and most importantly have an incredible team spirit – they look to be having a lot of fun too. Her impact on this England team is clear. Already this squad have created incredible lasting memories as well as household names, cruising through their group scoring a whopping 14 goals and remarkably not a single goal conceded. They have had us on the edge of our seats – we have seen passion and pride in abundance. As a Man United fan, I hadn’t been this excited about a game at Old Trafford for a while. Jokes aside, things felt distinctly familiar with 68,871 fans in attendance. The tournament hosts kicked off with a 1-0 win against Austria. Beth Mead set the goalscoring tone of what was to come, with the first of her six goals en route to this final. It was certainly a curtain raiser to remember – and with it raised expectations. The second match saw the free-flowing football kick in, with a showdown against the 11th-world-ranked Norway, who were stunned by England’s eight strikes. There was a brillaint Beth Mead hattrick, a brace from Ellen White and goals from Georgia Stanway, Lauren Hemp and super sub Alessia Russo. They were ruthless, blew the opposition away in Brighton, and with it booked their place in the knock out stages. From five different scorers followed a five-goal win against Northern Ireland at St Mary’s, wrapping up the group with a 100 per cent record. Fran Kirby broke the deadlock with a spectacular first goal of the tournament for her, followed by Beth Mead’s fifth of the Euros, and yet again there was a sublime brace from the bench – with Alessia Russo’s double easing the Lionesses to victory in the final group game. A quarter final against one of the pre-tournament favourites – Spain – followed. England needed extra time against tough opposition but an extra special moment for Georgia Stanway secured their place in the semi-finals. It was the first game that England had to win from behind, but an Ella Toone equaliser and that Stanway 25-yard strike sunk the hearts of the Spanish, who had made England work hard for their victory. Sweden then stood in their way and what a way it was to book their place in the final of a major tournament on home soil, thrashing the number two team in the world at Bramall Lane. It was a nail-biting half an hour before Beth Mead netted her sixth of the tournament, Lucy Bronze added a second and an outrageous backheel nutmeg goal from Alessia Russo, one of the many highlights of England’s tournament so far, not forgetting Fran Kirby rounding off the 4-0 win. Incredibly it has been the same starting eleven in all of England’s matches. If the side remains unchanged they will be the first team in European Championship history to name the same eleven in every game. More importantly, will they be the country’s first team ever to finally win a European Championship?