Andy Murray has returned to the world’s top 50 for just the second time since undergoing hip resurfacing surgery three years ago. The three-time Grand Slam champion made it to the milestone ranking after reaching the Stuttgart final four weeks ago but quickly dropped back out as injury derailed his grass season and the ATP removed Wimbledon ranking points.  Murray played one last tournament on the grass last week in Newport, making it to the quarter-final where he lost to Alexander Bublik in their fourth meeting of the year. And despite the defeat, he’s back inside the world’s top 50 at exactly No 50 in the rankings today - just the second time he has returned to the milestone since he began his comeback from hip surgery. The 35-year-old did reach No 47 in the world four weeks ago following his run to the final in Stuttgart but he picked up an abdominal injury during the championship match, losing to Matteo Berrettini before being forced to withdraw from Queen’s. Unable to play at the west London club, he dropped back out a week later and subsequently lost his points from making the Wimbledon third-round last year following the ATP’s decision to strip ranking points from the event this year. With his preparations for his home Grand Slam cut short due to the injury, the former world No 1 took a wildcard into Newport after a second-round Wimbledon loss to John Isner. Murray reached the last-eight at the Hall of Fame Tennis Championships, beating Sam Querrey and recent Wimbledon doubles champion Max Purcell before falling to the third seed. JUST IN: Nadal injury update given after Wimbledon as 'hotel reservations made' And he returned to the top 50 today to put himself back on track following the unfortunately-timed injury. The 2012 US Open champion will now hope to improve his ranking to be seeded for the final Grand Slam event of the year, with the upcoming Masters 1000 events in Canada and Cincinnati set to be the best chances he will have to earn more points. Murray did not play in Canada last year and only won one match in Cincinnati, giving him plenty of opportunities to boost his place in the rankings if he can win a couple of matches at each event. He opened up on his rollercoaster grass season after losing to the Kazakh 7-5 6-4 on Friday and shared his desire to keep improving. DON'T MISSNadal handed US Open advantage with Zverev joining Djokovic in doubtNovak Djokovic tipped for new retirement benchmarkNadal credited for emerging star's title as Spaniard made him 'angry'  “The grass-court season as a whole there were some good moments, but also some tough ones,” he admitted. match and the loss at Wimbledon were disappointing and frustrating for me, but then I also had my best wins in a while in Stuttgart.  “So a bit up and down, but a little bit of progress overall and I’ll try and keep that going through the hard-court summer. “[I want] to continue to improve. If I keep seeing progress I’ll continue to keep playing.” 