Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag thinks Frenkie de Jong is ‘close to unique’ as a player and expects the club to improve if he joins, according to reports. The Barcelona star has been aggressively pursued over the past two months. And though a fee for the 25-year-old has been agreed, there’s still no guarantee he’ll make the move to Old Trafford. Manchester United agreed a £63million deal for De Jong on Friday. Barcelona are eager to get the Netherlands international off the wage bill, especially given how he pockets a huge £354,000-a-week over at the Nou Camp. The midfielder, for his part, needs convincing. De Jong wants to play in the Champions League, something the Red Devils can’t provide after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. And The Independent claim that Ten Hag is so keen on landing his former Ajax midfielder because he believes he is ‘close to unique’ as a player. The 52-year-old thinks the midfielder is unlike anybody else in Europe. And he also thinks, in an exciting update, that United can accelerate progress in his first season given ‘how much De Jong gets what the coach wants’. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Now, the onus will be on the Red Devils convincing the midfielder that his future lies at Old Trafford. United are confident the midfielder will be open to hearing to what they have to say, especially given how they have Ten Hag as manager. They’re expected to make him one of the best-paid players at the club, putting him in a bracket consisting of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and David De Gea. And United are hopeful they can bring this saga to an end soon given they’ve now got the fee agreed. De Jong’s agent would be interested in talking to Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain should the opportunity arise. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong But there’s nothing to indicate the two clubs are in the mix to land the Netherlands international. If De Jong does join United, he’ll become their latest statement signing following their failure to qualify for the Champions League. In 2014, after finishing seventh under David Moyes, they forked out a huge £59m on Angel Di Maria. Di Maria failed to live up to expectations, however, with the Argentina international departing to Paris Saint-Germain just a year later. In 2016, after finishing fifth under Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho landed Paul Pogba for a massive £89m - while Zlatan Ibrahimovic also moved for free. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. That made the France international the costliest signing in world football, gazumping the £85m Real Madrid paid for Gareth Bale three years previously. And United splashed the cash on Harry Maguire in 2019, with the England international moving from Leicester for £80m. Regarding De Jong, Luke Chadwick recently said United should stump up whatever is required in order to secure the midfielder’s arrival. “I can’t see Barcelona shifting their asking price for De Jong,” he said. “United have been guilty in the past of taking too long and not getting their number one targets, so if De Jong is at the top of Ten Hag’s list, which you’d imagine he is because of their past together, you’d hope United will just meet the asking price. “They surely have to be ready to pay – he’s done well at Barcelona, he’s not close to the end of his contract. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Money shouldn’t be an issue, as Richard Arnold said in the video, so they need to pay what it takes because he’s a player they need. “Even if it comes to €80-85million, that’s where the market is now. “Ten Hag needs to be able to get the players he wants. €85m is a large price, but at the same time it wasn’t so long ago that he was seen as one of the hottest prospects in European football. I think that’s the kind of market for players of that calibre now. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here