A series of head-to-head rounds for the remaining Conservative candidates will be shown on major news channels from today, Friday July 15, to Tuesday, July 19. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the broadcasts. The final five will be going head-to-head, after the second round of voting eliminated Suella Braverman. They are: Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. Mr Sunak is currently on top with 101 votes from Thursday’s vote - but Ms Mordant is currently the bookies' favourite to become the next Conservative Prime Minister. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: Mordaunt takes swipe at Truss' 'mudslinging' Britain’s Next PM: The Conservative Leadership Debate will air on Channel 4 on Friday at 7.30pm. The debate will be hosted by Channel 4 News presenter and journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy, and the candidates will face 90 minutes of questions and debate. Ian Rumsey, Managing Director of ITN Productions, said: "We're delighted that all the remaining candidates have now confirmed that they will be appearing for the first time together in a live TV debate. “This gives an opportunity for our audience - both in the studio and at home - to hear what they really think on the issues that matter most." Live from White City Studios, ITV will broadcast the second debate of the contest on Sunday evening. The debate can be watched live on ITV1 and ITVHub - but if you miss it you can also watch on catch-up. Michael Jermey, ITV's Director of News and Current Affairs, commented: "Television debates at important elections help voters engage with politics. "ITV has been the home of some of the biggest political debates over the past decade. Sunday's debate will be an important event as the country's next Prime Minister is chosen." DON'T MISSLiz Truss promises tax bonfire in swipe at Green Levy and NI hike [INSIGHT]Boris successor needs major Number 10 overhaul to survive big beasts [ANALYSIS]Careful what you wish for Tories things are a lot different than 2019 [OPINION] Candidates will face veteran presenter Kay Burley in the third debate of the weekend on Sky News. However, only three will progress to this debate, as the third round of voting will take place on Monday, and the fourth during the day on Tuesday. John Ryley, Head of Sky News, said: "There has never been a more important time to reinvigorate the trust of voters in the office of the Prime Minister. "This live TV debate on Sky News gives the candidates a chance to reconnect with millions by debating the major issues facing Britain. “It presents a unique opportunity to re-engage a disillusioned electorate." The event will be on Sky News’ digital channels and will also be streamed on YouTube."