Former Countdown star Carol Vorderman was in Cardiff on Wednesday afternoon for the last leg of the This Morning menopause awareness tour. During the segment, Carol was joined by Dr Philippa Kaye to discuss the stigma surrounding menopause and how women struggle to cope with their emotions before starting HRT. Carol opened up about her own struggles with menopause and explained she suffered with depression. Carol first saw signs of menopause in her early 50s, explaining: "I didn't have the sweats, I didn't have any of that. "I started feeling anxious, and I have never felt anxious in my life. I have run companies and do all sorts of different things, but I started feeling anxious. "Even about what trousers I was going to wear or if I was going to have a tea or a coffee, that developed into a deep depression. "But, what saved me really, and I mean a deep depression, I felt suicidal at times for many months. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale "I had kept a note of when my period started in my electronic calendar, and that helped me analyse that, I started on a bespoke HRT, and within 48 hours, literally two days, I felt back to normal. "I have never had a symptom since, it is wonderful," she expressed. Members of the public were invited onto the bus to speak confidentially to experts about symptoms and methods of management. Martin Frizell, This Morning Editor, previously said: "This Morning takes great pride in what support and advice we offer to our viewers. "This bus is to not only raise awareness on its travels, it will be helping so many with the advice it can offer across the nation too. "I’m hugely proud of the team involved and thankful to Boots for supporting this important campaign too." Carol has been very open about her battle with menopause in the past and revealed she felt a "blackness" when she would wake up in the morning. In an interview with Lorraine from 2017, she explained: "There was a blackness where I would wake up, and nothing else in my life was going wrong, and I would think 'I don't see the point in carrying on, I don't see the point in life.'" DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman gobsmacked after x-rated Gogglebox probe [WATCH]Carol Vorderman breaks down in tears over heart-breaking reunion [LATEST]Carol Vorderman savages Alan Sugar over women's football remarks [INSIGHT] She noted the dark feelings hit her like a ton of bricks, saying, "It didn't occur to me, I was getting on with it. I'm independent, powering on, bringing up my kids by myself and then this depression hit me. "I thought I'd do anything for this feeling to stop, but I just can't sort it. I was doing all the things that are recommended, eating healthy, exercising, but I was still that low." After her pap smear to get to the bottom of why she was feeling low, she began to use a cream made up of oestrogen and testosterone to help regulate her hormones. Many fans of the show were thrilled to see the topic being spoken about and took to Twitter to express their delight. @AndrewPinks commented: "#ThisMorning #Menopause it’s great that we are talking more about menopause, but we should start earlier; we need to talk openly about periods; in schools, boys and girls should be together when we talk periods (we instil guilt by separating girls)." @Tally-Anne added: "I love that they have kept this menopause conversation going. It's a taboo topic which needs to be broken." Jodie Poole said: "Menopause bus for the win! And well done to Carol for being so open and honest." With Anthony Pads agreeing: "As a man, I know very little about the menopause and think all men need to be educated more. Women go through so much with their bodies." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.