Juventus new boy Paul Pogba will not feature in this week's pre-season friendly match against Barcelona after suffering a troublesome knee injury in training, according to reports. Pogba rejoined Juventus on a free transfer earlier this summer after leaving Manchester United, where he arrived from the Old Lady as the club's record signing back in 2016. The French midfielder wasted little time in negotiating a romantic return to Juventus and will be expected to play a crucial role in their Serie A title charge over the course of the upcoming season. He appears to have made an unfortunate start to life with his new employers, though, by picking up a knock on the club's pre-season tour of the United States.Pogba was forced to limp away from Juventus' first training session in Los Angeles after suffering a knee injury as he and his new team-mates were being put through their paces, according to Sport Mediaset. The 29-year-old then returned to a hotel before working in the swimming pool and watching the rest of the session from the sidelines after he was deemed unable to take part.It was quickly decided that Pogba will not be risked in this week's game against Barcelona, who are also touring in the United States in order to finalise their pre-season preparations. He made his second debut for Juventus against Guadalajara over the weekend to mark his return to the club in style, with the Italian giants cruising to a 2-0 win over their Mexican opponents. JUST IN: Arsenal given clear Bukayo Saka contract warning with Liverpool claim Pogba did not appear to have been left overly concerned by his latest injury blow, with the former United man flashing a thumbs-up in the direction of his Juventus team-mates as he hobbled off the pitch to signal that the problem was not serious. It remains to be seen whether or not Pogba will be fully fit when the competitive action gets back underway or if he will be forced to miss Juventus' first league match of the campaign against Sassuolo next month.Juventus will be desperately hoping that Pogba is able to recover quickly and return to action in order to avoid missing out on a significant chunk of their pre-season training programme. He recently admitted that he will simply be looking to recapture his love of the game during his time in Turin after a turbulent six-year spell at United in which he often failed to meet the lofty standards expected of him. "I want to rediscover my joy of playing football," said Pogba in his first interview back at Juventus last month. "My heart decided for me and I am sure that I made the right decision, this jersey is everything for me. "I feel great, it's an atmosphere I cannot define. Juventus gave me the opportunity to be Pogba. Now I want to give back that joy, bringing trophies to a club that deserves only to win." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here