Kemi Badenoch has been eliminated from the running after securing only 59 votes to next-placed Liz Truss on 86, despite fears Tory MPs would support her in a bid to block the Foreign Secretary from becoming PM. Penny Mordaunt came second with 92 votes and Rishi Sunak won for a fourth time with 118. Ms Truss is now favourite to face Mr Sunak in the final showdown that will play out over the course of the summer.  Ahead of today’s ballot, Express.co.uk readers shared who they wanted to be eliminated. In a poll that ran from 8am to 2pm on Tuesday, July 19, Express.co.uk asked: “Who would you drop in the next round of voting for Tory leader?” A total of 3,179 readers responded with the most popular candidate to drop being Mr Sunak, gaining 46 percent (1,456 people) of the vote. This puts the bookie’s favourite for the top job in stark contrast with Express.co.uk reader opinions about who should take over as the next Prime Minister. The second most popular candidate to leave the contest was Ms Badenoch with 23 percent (738 people) of the vote. Meanwhile, Ms Mordaunt received 21 percent (669 people) of the vote from readers. And just 10 percent (316 people) of readers wanted Ms Truss to be knocked out of the contest. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on who should be eliminated next in the Tory leadership contest. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: 'Real winner today' Truss closes the gap Many argued that former Chancellor Mr Sunak should be eliminated from the contest. Username capt cleg said: “Not sure of the ladies but Rishi is absolutely the worst choice for the PM job.” Username Anon1000 wrote: “Say goodbye to the Conservatives if Sunak is elected.” And username wellard1967 said: “Drop Rishi, he has ruined this country.” DON'T MISS:Huge fires erupt across London – 'major incident' triggered [EXCLUSIVE]Brexit LIVE: Tensions erupt as ERG grills Sunak [LIVE]Prince Harry row as Duke accused of 'copying and pasting' William spee [REACTION]End of the euro: Germany on life support amid fears of riots [ANALYSIS] However, others argued Ms Mordaunt and Ms Truss should also be knocked out of the contest. Username snowleopard said: “Drop Sunak and drop Mordaunt.” Meanwhile, username Maisiemoo1 said: “The only one with any nous is Kemi. Sunak too privileged, Truss and Mordaunt too weak.” And username The truth will out all politicians said: “Definitely drop Truss, she would definitely lead the conservatives to defeat in an election.”  Other readers argued that none of the remaining candidates were able to do better than outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Username BiRo said: “Drop all of them – not a single one is up to the job in my opinion.” Username waterstar wrote: “Can they all drop out and bring back Boris.” And username Brian at home said: “I would keep Boris, he is the only one to win the next election.”   By tomorrow evening the field will be down to just two, who will then have a month of campaigning ahead of them. Ms Mordaunt was the bookie’s favourite for PM after coming second in the first ballot, but has now fallen to third place. Ms Truss has narrowed the gap to Ms Mordaunt, who remains in second place but only six votes ahead, as many suggest the Foreign Secretary has the momentum to pose a serious challenge to Mr Sunak in the final two. It will then be down to the 160,000-strong Conservative membership across the country to select the next PM via postal vote, with the winner taking over from Boris Johnson on September 5. 