Sports presenter Mike Bushell was once again in Wimbledon for more Grand Slam coverage this weekend, and Naga Munchetty shocked the reporter by revealing a tennis intriguing connection involving one of their co-stars. She then cracked a bold jab at weather presenter Matt Taylor when he revealed he was related to a past winner. BBC weather presenter Matt was forced to admit he hadn’t inherited his family’s tennis abilities after Naga’s jab. On Saturday, Matt revealed he was related to five-time Wimbledon winner Dorothy Round. The connection was revealed when Naga sent sports correspondent Mike on a mission to find her statue at the All England Lawn Tennis Club in London. “We’ve got a hand up by Matt Taylor,” she said after revealing Dorothy was related to one of the BBC team. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' “Matt, tell us all about it. She sounds like an amazing woman, but I don’t think any of her talent has passed on, has it?” Matt raised his eyebrows but moved swiftly past the remark to explain how exactly he was related to the tennis champion. “She is my gran’s cousin, was Dorothy Round. She won the Wimbledon’s women’s singles final twice, I think she won the mixed doubles three times at Wimbledon. “And she also won the Australian Open, all back in the 1930s.” Matt then admitted: “I’d like to say the tennis rubbed off on me, Naga, but it didn’t I’m afraid.” However, Naga assured her co-star: “You have many other talents!” She continued: “But what a brilliant, brilliant thing. It must just bring back, not memories obviously, but a bit of nostalgia when it’s Wimbledon week.” Much like Mike, Matt also went on the hunt for Dorothy’s memorial when he last attended the tournament. DON'T MISS:You on Netflix season 4: Joe’s next victim teased in new snap [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth and Rip split sealed [THEORY]The Walking Dead major death confirmed in first look [SPOILERS] “It does, and do you know what, when I was last there I did have to go find the bust,” he confirmed. “It was just unusual to find a relative, just looking back at you from the ‘30s. “But a stunning, stunning player, she did very well.” Dorothy was an active tennis player from the late 1920s to the 1950s and won two singles titles in Wimbledon’s Grand Slam finals in 1934 and 1937. She also won three mixed doubles titles, playing with Ryuki Miki in 1934 and Fred Perry in the subsequent two years. Thankfully, Matt went on to confirm Wimbledon fans should enjoy sunny skies throughout the events on Saturday. Despite losses from Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu, British players Cameron Norrie and Heather Watson could be leading the charge heading into the second week. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.