Households are being told to prepare for an energy bill hike later this year with the price cap set to hike £3,200 by October. Ofgem has informed suppliers they must take urgent action following a review which found that multiple energy providers have severe weaknesses when charging customers direct debits. Out of the UK’s total of 17 large suppliers in the market, the majority were found to only have minor issues. However, five providers were found to have ‘moderate or severe’ weaknesses when handing direct debit customers. Specifically, Ofgem’s review revealed that around seven million energy consumers on a Standard Variable Tariff (SVT) experienced a hike in their direct debit between February and April 2022 Overall direct debit levels for customers on an SVT rose by 62 percent over this period of time. In response to this, the regulator is pushing for energy providers to look into the accounts of all customers whose direct debit has risen by 100 percent or more between February 1 and April 30, 2022. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly They are also being told to change any miscalculations and determine whether a goodwill payment will be needed in certain circumstances to help customers. Jonathan Brearley, the CEO of Ofgem, said: “We know how hard it is for energy customers at the moment so it’s crucial that the amount they pay each month in direct debits is right so they can manage their money. “Suppliers must do all they can, especially during the current gas crisis, to support customers and to recognise the significant worry and concern increased direct debits can cause. “We know there is some excellent service out there, but we want to make sure that it’s consistent and standard across the board.  “It’s clear from today’s findings on direct debits that there are areas of the market where customers are simply not getting the service they need and rightly expect in these very difficult times. “Today’s findings show that with the urgent changes we are now expecting, the current system will be much fairer for consumers. “Bringing down the price of gas is not in Ofgem’s control; however, we will do all we can to have a fair system and ensure suppliers look after their customers.” Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at Uswitch.com, added: “Suppliers have a responsibility to make sure that direct debits accurately reflect customers’ energy use. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “At a time when customers are paying close attention to their bills, it is more important than ever that the processes setting the direct debit levels are robust. "Half a million households have seen their direct debits double - another reminder of the challenging landscape consumers are facing. “While these will be reviewed, the difficult truth is that there are legitimate reasons why this could happen to customers if their direct debits don't cover their energy use.” However, the energy expert noted that both suppliers and the regulator should continue to increase their support as bills are expected to reach further heights. “It is a positive step that Ofgem has conducted this review,” Ms Miltienyte said. However, with winter just around the corner when both the price cap and household energy will increase, this is definitely not a job done. “Ofgem should continue with proactive regular reviews for at least the next six months to give customers some reassurance. “If you are a customer of one of the suppliers found to have inadequate processes, you can rest assured that the excess which has built up in your account as energy credit will be protected and you can request it to be reviewed. "If you think your direct debit isn't right, contact your supplier. It is more important than ever to have your energy account up to date and provide regular readings if you don't have a smart meter.”