Prince Charles’s wife will celebrate her birthday later this month, on July 17. Ahead of this occasion, The Oldie magazine and broadcaster Gyles Brandreth threw a birthday for the royal. Amid the celebrations, the Duchess was presented with a three-tiered cake pointing to a number of her most favoured activities. Among the iced items on the cake are a selection of books. Camilla is known to be an avid reader. During the lockdown of 2020, the Duchess shared a reading list and has since launched the Reading Room channel which offers new seasons of recommendations. Speaking on the project in January last year, Camilla said: “I think it like it to be something that everybody could delve into and find something that suited them and enjoy it… “I love reading myself. I think a lot of people also get a huge amount of pleasure from it.” Camilla has claimed that Britons got through the pandemic not just because of reading but also gardening. The Duchess of Cornwall’s cake, therefore fittingly, also featured an iced monument to this other of her passions. READ MORE: Putin plot crumbling as soldiers 'booby-trapped’ dog with bomb In the August of last year, she told BBC Two’s Gardeners’ World: “I think gardens got people through Covid. “They realised how special a garden was and what they could do with it. “It was a sort of spiritual experience for them, they discovered a sort of affinity with the soil – you can go into a garden and you can completely lose yourself, you don’t have to think about anything else, you’re surrounded by nature, you’ve got birds singing, you’ve got bees buzzing about. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] “There is something very healing about gardens.” Talking at the lunch held to mark her birthday, Camilla joked: “You might not believe it, but I have actually been trying to keep quiet about reaching three quarters of a century – and, as you see, have failed dismally.” The Duchess also described Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, alongside The Queen, as “two of the most remarkable people in our country’s history”. She noted that, upon becoming Queen Consort, she intends to follow the Duke’s philosophy. Camilla said: “The Duke of Edinburgh’s philosophy was clear: ‘Look up and look out, say less, do more – and get on with the job’ – and that is just what I intend to do. “Both he and Her Majesty have always been the very touchstone of what it truly means to ‘get on with the job’, and an inspiration to each one of us here to do the same, whatever our age.”