Victoria Beckham, 48, joined TikTok today, with her first video poking fun at her supposed diet of fish and vegetables. Prior to opening the account, Victoria spoke about it on Instagram with her sons mocking the idea. Victoria posted a video in view of her 30.2 million followers asking for their opinion. While she was getting her hair and makeup done, she said: "James is going on and on and on about who i need to engage with TikTok…guess I need to get into it. "So what do we think… should I join TikTok?!" Resharing the post to his own Instagram VIctoria's middle son Romeo said: "About time mum…" READ MORE: ABBA's Bjorn Ulvaeus gushes over new love following 41-year marriage He added a laughing face and a red love heart emoji to the message. The youngest son Cruz also chimed in as he said: "Bout time @victoriabeckham is joining TikTok." Fashion designer Victoria has supposedly eaten the same meal for 25 years, and made fun of the idea on her first TikTok. Her video was captioned: "Tell me you're Posh, without telling me you're Posh..." The former Spice Girls star was sitting at a table before a waiter came over and served the infamous dinner. As she opens the lid, she proclaims: "I love it!" The mum-of-four also uploaded a behind-the-scenes from her recent Vogue Australia shoot and a makeup look video. This comes after David revealed in a podcast that whilst he loves food so much he "gets emotional thinking about it", as his wife has eaten the same thing for 25 years. DON'T MISS... 'Wish I could've persevered' Fern Britton talks regret over Phil split [INSIGHT] Philip Schofield posts update on op in the hot weather [HEALTH] Helen Skelton flashes flashes abs in crop top amid recent split [PICS] He said on the River Cafe Table 4 podcast: "I get quite emotional about food and wine, when I'm eating something great I want everyone to try it. "Unfortunately I'm married to someone that has eaten the same thing for the last 25 years. "Since I met her she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate from that." Reacting to her husband's comments, Victoria told Vogue: "'I mean, talk about making me sound boring! "No. What he meant is that he's never met anyone who's more disciplined with the way that they eat. "I eat lots of healthy fat: fish, avocado, nuts, that sort of thing. I do drink alcohol, unless I have a reason not to. "I'll detox from anything for three to six months where I won't drink. "I'm quite extreme in anything I do, whether it's eating or working out or drinking or not drinking."