Asha (played by Tanisha Gorey) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street recently, especially after the past two years saw her ex-boyfriend Corey Brent (Maximus Evans) trying to avoid being jailed for the murder of Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni). This has allowed her to spend quality time with Nina (Mollie Gallagher) and the pair seem to be getting on really well on the surface. However, it could be Asha is going to spend a bit more time with Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) and this could lead to some big trouble for her relationship on the ITV soap. It has been teased Kelly and Asha's brother, Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain), will soon be embarking on a romance after spending more time together in recent weeks. This will come after Kelly was recently kidnapped and held hostage by one of her father's former associates, which resulted in her being unable to attend her first date with Aadi. As the love blossoms between them, Asha could become incredibly jealous of the relationship she is seeing which doesn't seem to match her own. A huge dilemma could arise as she would doubt whether it's Kelly or the situation itself which is causing such feelings in her. Wanting to test out her theory, she could ask to spend more time with Kelly as a way of getting to know her brother's girlfriend a little better. READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present However, this is where things could turn romantic between the two characters as it seems Kelly is questioning whether she likes Asha as well. Deciding to venture out into Manchester, the pair could end up going clubbing without their respective partners just to have some fun together. As they are on the dance floor and with some alcohol making them a bit braver to admit their feelings, they could end up sharing a kiss. The next day, they could meet up to talk about what happened and they could tell each other they want to explore this chemistry further. Not telling their partners, the two characters could end up spending the night together and realise they do want to be with each other. As an affair begins, Nina and Aadi would be completely oblivious to the betrayal going on behind their back but secrets don't try harboured for long on the cobbles. It could be Nina could walk in on her girlfriend kissing Kelly and she would be left horrified by what she has seen. Asha would try to excuse her behaviour but having felt a distance for several months, Nina would know this has been going on for a while. Talking about why she cheated on Nina, Asha could tell her she felt she could never live up to what her girlfriend had with Seb. This would leave Roy Cropper's (David Neilson) niece crushed and she would end the relationship there and then, not wanting to continue a romance with a cheater. DON'T MISS...Maureen Lipman hits out at snobs who don't like the show [COMMENT]Sue Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer [COMMENT]Coronation Street star Faye Brookes splits from PT boyfriend [COMMENT] Aadi would also be devastated his new love interest was having an affair with his sister and would call time on their relationship. This would cause a huge divide between the Alahan twins, just a few months after they managed to get a good place in their relationship. Will Asha's decision to persist with an affair with Kelly leads her to lose several loved ones on the cobbles? The actress who plays Kelly, Millie, hinted at this plot twist during an appearance on Wednesday morning's edition of ITV's Lorraine. As well as talking about her latest storyline, the actress discussed her friendship with the star who plays Asha, Tanisha. Off-screen, the pair spend a lot of time together, with Millie explaining: "I'm best friend with Tanisha, she's great. We love each other to bits. "It's great meeting someone on set you get on with. Even though we don't have many scenes together, we still see each other all the time." This is where host Lorraine Kelly told her guest with Kelly's new romance with Aadi on the cards, her character could spend more time with Asha. So, could there be the possibility the two actresses will spend more time together on-screen as their alter-egos become lovers? Millie has also spoken out about her character revisiting her father's dodgy past, now she knows he is dead. The actress explained: "I think she was his little princess and probably the only person he truly cared for, I believe. "And she could ask for anything and he'd do it. But even though she knew what he did, she didn't care about all that. She loved him no matter what. "And I think that's why she felt ironically, safer with him than anyone. And that's why it was so heartbreaking for that image of a dad to be turned around," she told RadioTimes.com. If she does get into a relationship with Asha, will she be more loving than her father or will her past seeing failed relationships seal the fate of her own romance? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.