Manchester United have been hit by another snag in the transfer window after Brian Brobbey personally called Erik ten Hag up to tell him he did not want a move to Old Trafford. It is just one of several blows to the club over the summer. RB Leipzig star Brobbey has turned down the chance to join United this summer and has instead decided to return to Ajax for good. The 20-year-old was one of the top names on Ten Hag's radar as he desperately covets a forward after Edinson Cavani's departure and speculation surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo. There had been interest from the Dutch manager, who took him on loan last season. After a failed campaign with RB Leipzig where he failed to score in 14 games, the German side decided to let him leave on loan with Ajax picking him up last summer. The striker scored seven times in the Eredivisie in 11 games to help them win the title under Ten Hag. Now at Old Trafford, the 52-year-old had been keen to reunite with the promising forward as he looked to get his career back on track. But Brobbey has shut down any chance of a transfer after calling his old boss up to tell him exactly what his plan was, according to De Telegraaf. And that is not good news for the Red Devils after he told them that he wanted to stay at Ajax after finding his form there once again. There is an option to make the loan from Leipzig permanent but it will involve a sizeable transfer fee. That has pained Ajax, who let Brobbey leave in 2021 and will now have to fork out for one of their own youth products. However, they believe that there is a huge resale opportunity in the future with the Dutch star tipped for stardom. Meanwhile, at United this is another blow but the club have not been licking their wounds at all and have looked to motor on ahead with other signings - including Lisandro Martinez. The Argentine defender looks set to become the latest signing at Old Trafford under Ten Hag, who coached him last year at Ajax. Tyrell Malacia has joined from Feyenoord after a £15million fee was agreed while Christian Eriksen has signed as a free agent after his contract at Brentford expired. A deal is still in the pipeline for Frenkie de Jong but there are plenty of complications.