Arsenal will submit an offer for Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo soon, according to reports. Arthur is back linked with the Gunners after a deal fell through in January and he is an alternative target to Leicester star Youri Tielemans. Arsenal are set to make a move for a central midfielder once the signing of Oleksandr Zinchenko is confirmed. Zinchenko, who can also play in midfield, is set to join from Manchester City for a fee of £32million. Leicester's Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout 2022 so far. The Belgian is out of contract at the King Power Stadium next summer and is said to be keen on joining Arsenal. However, Arsenal are keeping their options open and Arthur is back on their radar. Italian football reporter Marcello Chirico says the Gunners will soon submit an offer to Juventus for the 25-year-old. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  Arthur sees Arsenal as a 'welcome destination' and Juve are willing to let the player leave in this window. A deal was in the pipeline in January as Mikel Arteta aimed to resolve a mini midfield crisis. Arsenal were only keen on a six-month loan deal at the time. However, Juve wanted the deal to be for 18 months, which the north Londoners rejected. Arthur joined Juve from Barcelona in 2020 in a deal which saw Miralem Pjanic head in the opposite direction. However, he has not been able to nail down a starting spot. He has scored just one goal in 63 appearances for the Old Lady. He managed just 11 starts in Serie A under Massimiliano Allegri last season. DON'T MISSArsenal finalise loan exit after Oleksandr Zinchenko 'signs contract'Chelsea told to hijack Man Utd transfer for next signing to close gap on TottenhamTuchel 'under pressure' as Chelsea warned they're 'ill-prepared' for new season  Arthur has won 22 caps for Brazil but has played just twice for his country since the end of 2019. He would be the third Brazilian signing Arsenal have made this summer if they do complete a deal. Gabriel Jesus has been the most expensive arrival to date, joining from City for £45m. One of the first signings was young winger Marquinhos, who signed from Sao Paulo. Meanwhile, CBS Sports claims Tielemans still wants to leave Leicester even if Arsenal do not push through with their interest. Manchester United are now keen on the Belgian as an alternative to Frenkie de Jong. Tielemans is described as a 'less complicated option' than De Jong. The Dutchman wants to stay at Barca despite a fee being agreed with United. 