Brian and Lorna sought the help of Lee Juggurnauth on Friday’s A Place in the Sun as the couple looked to make a permanent move to Almería. The hopeful buyers had £160,000 to spend on a home that would suit both them and their pet dog Angus. However, Lee was forced to remind them during the search that their budget may not stretch as far as they’d hoped.    Lee was surprised to hear the couple hadn’t been to Almería before but were excited to start their new life in the Spanish sun. The keen bowlers were looking for a three-bedroom property with a garden. They hoped for a traditional property and noted a pool would be an added bonus. Lee’s search didn’t get off to the best of starts as the couple immediately point out the outside space was too small. Read more: A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman apologises after 'terrible' joke Lorna remarked: “It’s maybe just on the small size for a mad collie. All the rooms are good sizes and there’s plenty of storage.” “It doesn’t feel like something that you could make a home,” Brain quipped. Lee warned: “For your budget this is as good as it gets.” As the couple set off to viewing number two, Lee added: “Finding a dog friendly property could be the key to getting a sale at the end of the day.”    The next property failed to excite the couple for the same reason. Commenting on the garden, Brian said: “It’s still too small for Angus running about.” “I must say for the budget we’re looking at certainly for town houses as well a garden like this is really what we’ll be looking at in most properties,” Lee remarked. Despite a disappointing start, Lee had some success with his third offering. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton 'whips off' dress live on TV [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Laura Hamilton gives ‘reality check’ to buyer [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Jean mortified as guests cut viewing short [VIDEO] Brian commented: “It a home rather than a holiday home.” But, the couple still pushed Lee on finding them a property that was better suited to Angus. Lorna said: “If we could have a garden that we could do gardening in, a bit more green.” “A slightly larger living area,” Brain added. “We’re just being picky,” Lorna quipped. “If you could improve that but everything else is great.”    Luckily for Lee, his final property ticked all of the couple’s boxes. The spacious property with a wraparound garden and private pool appeared to be the ideal home for the couple. After the search was complete, Brain and Lorna were disappointed to hear an offer of £157,000, the asking price had already been put forward on the house. But, as cash buyers Brian and Lorna had an offer of £155,000 accepted by the owner. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 3pm.   