Joe-Warren has become best known for his role as Jacob Gallagher on Emmerdale, a character he has played since 2010 when he was introduced as the son of Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi). In 2021, he got more of a fan base for starring on ITV's Dancing on Ice, which he later had to withdraw from after contracting coronavirus. Returning to work on the show some months after his appearance on the reality dance show, the actor has been focused on his career but he has made time for a new romance. Back in February, Joe-Warren went public about his relationship with Anna Norton by sharing a picture of the pair on Instagram. This picture has become the profile image for his Instagram account, with the couple both sporting a gleaming smile in the shot. Apart from the odd picture on the social media platform, not much is known about the romance or indeed who Anna is or what she does. The young woman has private settings on her own Instagram account, meaning she likes to stay out of the public eye as much as possible. Seven weeks ago was when Joe-Warren posted the last picture of the pair together from his account, with the couple enjoying the sun. READ MORE: Billy Connolly panicked good friend Judi Dench ‘fancied me’ Discussing the couple's relationship, an unnamed source said: "Joe and Anna are totally smitten with one another and feel now is a good time to let the world know they're an item. "They've been spending a lot of time together recently at charity football events and make each other really happy," they told The Sun. This relationship came a year after split from his previous girlfriend Nicole Hadlow, who he had been together with for four years. The pair first got together in 2017 and again, this became public knowledge when they shared a series of pictures together on Instagram. According to reports, the couple were living together as Joe-Warren moved back in with his mother once the pair split. Ahead of his debut on Dancing on Ice last January, the young soap star spoke about relationships and where his mind was at. Hinting at the end of his current romance at the time, the actor said: "Dancing on Ice has come at a good time for me physically and mentally. "Relationships are hard to kind of deal with. It has helped to take my mind off of it slightly, having to focus and train all day every day. "Even when you're not training and you're at home you've got to take the recovery aspect into terms. It's helped taking my mind off it, but things are still tough to be fair. "I'm just focusing on getting the show started and then getting into the swing of things." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to claim benefits [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb begs 'send help' before updating fans on kids [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb weight loss: How TV star lost weight without exercise [COMMENT] Whilst it seems his love life is on track away from the soap world, Joe-Warren's character is focussing on his education at the moment. This comes a year after his girlfriend who he was going to go travelling with, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), was killed. Before this, the youngster believed he was in a relationship with school teacher Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein) but he didn't realise he was being groomed. However, Leanna was someone who helped him recover from his trauma but he was struggling once more when she was cruelly snatched away from him. Joe-Warren spoke about the impact the character's death had on Jacob and whether he could ever see a future with someone else. The actor explained in the wake of Leanna's death: "It has been and is going to continue to be extremely difficult for Jacob. "He has never really experienced the death of someone this close to him and, given his age and how much he cared for her, I can imagine it being a hell of a struggle for him to come to terms with it." Asked if he blamed himself, Joe-Warren added: "Jacob definitely holds himself responsible for Leanna’s death, especially after Liam‘s accusations towards him. "After Jacob told her he had changed his mind about going travelling, he saw the effect it had on her and he believes that drove her to drink excessively. "Causing her to fall off the bridge. He’s constantly self-blaming, feeling guilty and upset because of it." Asked if he thought his character was ever really in love with Leanna, Joe-Warren said: "Although Jacob ended up jetting off to Portugal for a while, I really do think he felt something for Leanna as he came back with a ring ready to propose. "Whether that was the right thing to do, probably not, he is still very young. "But now she’s gone Jacob is going to feel huge amounts of regret and remorse for the way he acted with Leanna. He feels he should have cherished her more and never have left her. "I don’t think Jacob will ever get over the trauma fully. However, he has people always willing to pull him out of that dark place." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.