Researchers from the university have said feeding dogs raw meat could cause health problems for owners. The reason for this is because the food can contain an antibiotic-resistant bacteria which can lead to health problems further down the line. Although there are a variety of dog foods available, some owners choose to feed their pets raw meat to boost their energy, improve their skin, and strengthen their teeth. Furthermore, pet food companies produce pet foods in a similar vein which are described as more natural. READ MORE: Is sleeping with a fan on bad for you?  However, while this may benefit said hound, it could impact owners negatively. The scientists said this is because of E-coli found in the faeces of dogs who eat raw food. Lead author Professor Matthew Avison explained in a statement: “E.coli is a widespread bacterium that is found in the intestines of all humans and animals, however it is a common cause of many diseases including urinary tract infection and can cause sepsis if it spreads to other parts of the body. “We should do everything we can to reduce the circulation of critically important antibiotic-resistant E. coli and other bacteria.”  The scientists said the bacteria can spread from dogs to owners. The study authors added pet owners should take precautions when handling raw meat. Furthermore, they said it is important owners clean up after meal-times. READ MORE: Stroke: Women with endometriosis may be at higher risk Overall, it is about keeping to practices one would engage in when interacting with other humans. Professor Kirsten Reyher supplemented: “We know humans and animals share bacteria with one another, so what we find in your pet may well also be in you. “Pet owners should be encouraged to practice good hygiene and not feeding raw food to your dog can be part of this. “We can all do our part to decrease antibiotic resistance and its terrible effects on both human and animal health.” Although the peak has passed, the UK is still set to experience high summer temperatures in the coming weeks. While these won’t be anywhere near the 40-degree temperatures the UK has recently felt, they’ll still be hot enough to cause discomfort to dogs and humans alike. As a result, it is important to keep dogs hydrated and cool as much as possible to prevent dehydration.