Mr Lynch argued the offer made to railway workers of an eight percent pay rise was not sufficient to meet the demands of growing living costs. He called on Transport Secretary Grant Shapps to take the union's requests seriously and to focus on working with them to avoid major disruption across the railway network at the end of July and in August. But as he expressed his support for the "redistribution of wealth" from top railway CEOs to workers during an appearance on Good Morning Britain, he was dismissed as "not realistic" with his demands. GMB host Ben Shephard said: "As you know, it's been an unprecedented couple of years with the pandemic. And a lot of other groups will say, 'we haven't had pay rises either.' "And the idea of tracking a pay rise through inflation, right now, is not realistic. What would you say to people who say that?" Mr Lynch responded: "It's realistic for everyone in this country to get a pay rise. Corporate Britain is making vast profits, we've got more billionaires than we've ever had. "The rich are doing very well, thank you very much. And all British workers need a pay rise, and if our members don't get a pay rise, this idea that cleaners, and nurses, and caterers, and doctors, retail workers are going to get a pay rise is nonsense. JUST IN: Energy supply shock: UK exporting RECORD numbers to France despite facing own crisis He continued: "What British workers need is a campaign to get a square deal out of corporate Britain and they're not getting it at the moment. "People are storing out profits, paying out dividends and they're not prepared to pay workers the correct rate for their labour. "This needs to be addressed. "We need a redistribution of wealth in this country because it's all being stored by the people at the top, and it's being taken away from people at the bottom." READ MORE: Oil price slump: Cost for crude plunges below £80 for first time since Russia invasion Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 14 train operators will walk out on August 18 and 20. The union previously announced a strike for July 27, the day before the Commonwealth Games open in Birmingham. Network Rail chief executive Andrew Haines said: "By announcing even more strike dates, the RMT has dropped any pretence that this is about reaching a deal. "It's clear the best interests of passengers and our staff are taking second place to the union's bosses' political campaign." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT]