Manchester United could sign two replacements for Cristiano Ronaldo if he ends up leaving Old Trafford. The Portugal international has grown frustrated during his second stint with the Red Devils and, now, is eyeing the exit door. So, with that being the case, it’s time to look at how the Red Devils' frontline could look next season. Manchester United are, publicly, saying Ronaldo isn’t for sale. But the Red Devils could still part ways with the Portugal international if they receive an offer too good to turn down, with the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Napoli and Roma all being linked. If Ronaldo does leave United, it will free up a substantial sum of money to go towards new signings. Not only would they get a fee for the 37-year-old, they’d also save themselves from paying £500,000-a-week - the player’s current salary. Therefore, in the event of a departure, United could very well pursue Antony with vigour. They’re currently locked in talks with Ajax as they look to land the Brazil international for cheaper than his current £70million price tag. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United aren’t willing to go that high but Erik ten Hag, specifically, is driving interest in the Samba star. And there’s no denying Antony would be a good recruit for United, especially given their need for a right-winger. A second potential replacement for United is Brian Brobbey. He joked earlier in the year about potentially moving to the Premier League but, now, it’s very much a possibility. United have contacted RB Leipzig as they step up their plans to sign the 20-year-old, who scored seven goals on loan at Ajax last term. And though the Dutch giants want to re-sign former academy graduate Brobbey on a permanent basis, United’s pulling power may see them win the race instead. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen If the duo both touch down, it will certainly give Ten Hag options. Amad could stay at United, having impressed the Dutchman during the early stages of his reign at Carrington. Anthony Martial also looks set to remain at Old Trafford, with suitors for the France international in short supply following his alarming dip in form over the past 18 months. And then there’s Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford. Big things were expected of Sancho when he arrived from Borussia Dortmund last year, for a huge fee of £73m. But with three Premier League goals, and just as many assists, the winger struggled to live up to expectations at United. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team However, Sancho’s immense talent - coupled with Ten Hag’s coaching ability - is expected to trigger an upturn in form. That’s a similar case with Rashford, too, who netted just five goals across all competitions last term. But, if Ronaldo goes, there’s no denying it would leave a sizeable hole that would need to be filled. And Louis Saha, speaking recently, admitted he was concerned about the prospect of the Portugal international departing. "I'm more concerned about losing Cristiano Ronaldo [than Manchester United's lack of transfer activity this summer],” he told Sky Sports. “Finding a new striker that is going to get you 25 to 30 goals, it's going to be tough. This is something they need to consider for a year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "When you are a player like Cristiano Ronaldo you want to win the Champions League and break records there. “Those are the kind of discussions you have when you're a world-class player with these stats. "Man Utd as a club is below that level, is not playing well and the manager is new so maybe Ten Hag's plan is a middle-term one and the short-term one for Ronaldo is just one or two years at the top level. That's a conflict in some way. "I'm not happy with [United fans asking Ronaldo to go] as Ronaldo has done his part. “He's provided some terrific performances and he's been a leader and behaved when times were hard and demanding." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.