Dan Wootton took the time to blast the latest two Tory leadership debates on his GB News show on Monday evening. The presenter hit out at the broadcasters as he accused them of focussing on Boris Johnson rather than the candidates’ plans for the future if they were to be elected as leader. Wootton vented: “I knew it was a bad idea, I said so on the show last week during a consequential Tory leadership election that will determine our next prime minister, why give the all-important debates that help shape public opinion to Channel 4 and ITV?" The GB News host branded the broadcasters “bias” before claiming they had both campaigned to “bring down Boris Johnson”. Dan accused the broadcasters of not “focusing on the candidates' future plans for the country”. The host showed GB News viewers a clip from Channel 4’s debate. Read more: 'Why are we so British!' GB News viewers blast red alert heatwave Krishnan Guru-Murthy asked the candidates: “When did you stand up for integrity and honesty? “When did you tell Boris Johnson he was wrong and he had to go? “Why did it take you so long to stand up? Even when you said you might like to be leader one day you didn't pull for him to go?” Turning to Rishi Sunak, he asked: “Why should they trust you when you were the second most powerful person in the country?” Wootton commented: “I mean, honestly what were they thinking signing up to that? “They’ve spent eight months talking about party gate, and Channel 4 still isn't finished. “Well, we are, it's over, you won. Now we need to know about tax cuts and Net Zero plans and the war on woke.” Wootton compared Channel 4’s debate with ITV and praised the latter. DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change [VIDEO]GB News: 'She needs to move on!' Panellists clash over Sturgeon [INSIGHT]GB News: 'Boris backstabber' Rishi Sunak slammed [INTERVIEW] However, he still hit out at ITV for focussing on the Prime Minister. “When Penny Mordaunt tried to push back and offer a defence of Boris Johnson's legacy, she was cut off,” Wootton continued. “So in that context, and while I'm usually all for media scrutiny of politicians, of course, I think it's right the front runner Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss pulled out of the [Sky] News leadership debate plan for tomorrow night.” Sky News was forced to cancel the latest Conservative leadership debate yesterday. The debate was due to be hosted by Kay Burley on Tuesday. Conservative MPs are said to be worried about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the party. On Monday, Tom Tugendhat was eliminated in the third round of voting. Sunak, Truss, Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch remain. Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.