It's been almost a year now since Daniel Craig ended his 15 year reign as James Bond so explosively at the end of No Time To Die. Even before he signed on for his fifth film, 007 fans have been speculating over just who could replace him. According to the latest bookies’ odds, which should be taken with a pinch of salt, the outing star’s runner-up for the role in the 2005 Casino Royale auditions is now the favourite. Superman star Henry Cavill, who was just in his early 20s when he auditioned for Casino Royale, has overtaken the likes of Tom Hardy and Regé-Jean Page with Coral’s odds. The 39-year-old hunk is now at 2-1 with the bookmakers to replace Craig as 007 in Bond 26. A spokesman said: “Henry Cavill has proved red-hot in our next James Bond betting over the last 24 hours. He is the favourite once again to replace Daniel Craig following this strong support.” Hardy and Page are just behind Cavill on 3-1, while behind them are the following. Richard Madden on 7-1, Idris Elba, James Norton and Jamie Dornan on 8-1, Michael Fassbender on 10-1, Lashana Lynch on 12-1, Sam Heughan on 14-1 and both Tom Hopper and Henry Golding on 16-1. When auditioning to be Bond 2005, The Witcher star confessed he was fat-shamed by director Martin Campbell. READ MORE: James Bond: Daniel Craig Bond girl condemns female 007 idea Speaking previously with Men’s Health, Cavill shared how he had to reenact a scene in From Russia With Love when Sean Connery’s Bond was wearing nothing but a towel. A few years before bagging the role of Superman, the actor recalled: “I probably could have prepared better. I remember the director, Martin Campbell, saying, ‘Looking a little chubby there, Henry’." Nevertheless, this actually inspired the rising star to get into shape, which prepared him for Man of Steel. DON'T MISSNext James Bond: Rising star with genuine chance of replacing Craig [NEXT BOND]James Bond death secrets: Inside story of making No Time To Die's end [EXCLUSIVE]James Bond secrets: Bizarre way Sean Connery prepared for love scenes [SEAN CONNERY] As for the next Bond auditions, they could well be a while off as 007 producer Barbara Broccoli has confirmed production on the reboot won’t begin for at least two years. Meanwhile, Cavill may just be too famous now having already channelled Ian Fleming’s spy in other franchises. He starred as a CIA agent in The Man From U.N.C.L.E., played the villain in Mission: Impossible – Fallout and is set to portray another spy in Argylle later this year. SOURCE