Airline luggage rules can make packing for a holiday a struggle, but what many people might not realise is that they can affect the souvenirs and gifts you bring back. As well as considering the weight and size of your bag, you also need to think carefully about whether your holiday trinkets could be considered as a "banned" item. Rich Quelch, an expert from Lifestyle Packaging explained: "Buying souvenirs to bring home can be a great way to remember a trip, but not checking regulations could mean your treasured keepsakes and gifts don’t get past security." According to the expert, there are six items you should be wary of to "avoid landing in trouble on your return". Reminiscing about a tropical vacation while sipping on fresh coconut water might be the perfect way to relax once you're at home, but holidaymakers should think twice about transporting a coconut back home. Mr Quelch said: "If you’re planning to fly home with one in your hand luggage, or hold luggage too, think again. "The innocuous coconut is on the International Air Transport Association's Dangerous Goods Register thanks to its high oil content which makes its meat extremely flammable in dried form. "This means it is banned by most airlines, except for retail packaged coconut products." READ MORE: Kate's affordable summer destination where children enjoy 'picnics' Water globes, including glitter and snow globes, are a tourist souvenir staple, but they are one which could be confiscated at the airport. Mr Quelch explained: "But as the miniature scene is housed in a dome filled with liquid, water globes are banned from hand luggage. "As airlines find it hard to measure how much liquid is contained within the globe, most don’t allow them in carry-on bags no matter what size it is." Sauces, vinegar, jams, honey and chutneys are a great way of bringing the taste of a far-flung destination back home. While such food items make lovely gifts, you need to be careful about packing them. Mr Quelch said: "Condiments and preserves are considered by airlines as liquid foods. "Therefore, they cannot be over 100ml individually, or above one litre collectively. "So, take care to check the volume of any liquid food items you want to bring home before you buy." If you do want to pack larger quantities, you should place these in your hold luggage. Olives in brine, or any other food item in brine or oil like gherkins or sun-dried tomatoes, also count as a liquid item when flying. If you want to carry these in hand luggage you'll need to make sure it is in jars, cans or pouches under 100ml. Mr Quelch said: "Souvenir lighters can be found at almost any tourist shop, but did you know there are strange restrictions to travelling abroad with lighters? "A person may bring one lighter on board if it is on their person, for example, in a pocket. But you will be stopped for trying to bring a lighter in your carry-on." However, this rule may differ depending on the airline and airport you are departing from, so it’s best to check online before you bring a lighter.