Brian May is coming to the end of his Queen and Adam Lambert UK tour and last night performed with Roger Taylor and the singer in Copenhagen, Denmark. During his acoustic section of the show where he performs Love Of My Life with footage of Freddie Mercury, the audience spontaneously burst into a rendition of Happy Birthday a few hours before the Queen guitarist’s 75th birthday. Brian shared videos on his Instagram stories, clearly touched by the moment. He captioned the footage: “Thank you dear Copenhagen folks for my birthday present. Caught me completely by surprise !! Bri XXX So TODAY I am 35 !!!” The 75-year-old could even be heard saying to the audience: “I've got to do a show! Bless your hearts, you're wonderful thank you.” Today, he’s shared a video of artwork fans have shared with him on social media in celebration of his milestone. Brian wrote: “A wonderful collection of your thoughtful messages !! Thanks so much - I feel very lucky. With I could thank every one of your personally but please know I’m appreciative of EVERYTHING I am seeing today. —- Birthday Bri XXX.” He also shared a video this morning from his hotel balcony in Copenhagen, which was captioned: “Thanks #Copenhagen for a great stay and a great memory to treasure ! The shows were warm and passionate, and the Vibe second to none !!! Hope to see you again some day. Bri.” READ MORE: Brian May emotional message to fans: 'I feel so loved and so alone' In the video, Brian said: “It’s a very nice view of Copenhagen and I feel very lucky to be here. Copenhagen has been very, very good to me. Thank you guys! God bless!” If that wasn’t enough, today saw Queen's Greatest Hits become the first album in the UK ever to have over 7 million sales. The Queen guitarist commented: “This was a nice birthday present !!! Biggest album in UK History ?!! Wow. Thanks folks XXX BRI.” DON'T MISSQueen and Adam Lambert perform Nessun Dorma in honour of Pavarotti [ITALY]Queen and Adam Lambert live filmed concert announced for streaming [QUEEN AND ADAM LAMBERT]Bohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury sister's ‘bizarre' reaction to Rami [FREDDIE MERCURY] In response to the news, Birthday boy Brian also said: “We’re here to bring you the joyous news that Queen’s Greatest Hits album has sold 7 million copies, which nobody has ever done before. No album has done this before in history. Thank you, we appreciate it. The British public and their infinitely-great taste have made this the biggest-selling album in history. Thank you very much; we’re humbled and honoured. We salute you!”