Some people find "cheat days" are well worth the wait when on a weight loss journey, as it gives them something look forward to and strive for at the end of the week. And while some believe indulging after being good all week won't hurt, that might not necessarily be the case for those going through the menopause. Women’s health expert Jackie Lynch, founder of the WellWellWell Nutrition Clinic, revealed it's a "waste of time" having a cheat day every week. "Our metabolisms are all different," she said. "But really it depends how often." She explained that every now and again will make a minor difference but added: "Doing a cheat day every weekend is a waste of time. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Easter only comes once a year and the odd piece of chocolate here and there is fine," Jackie explained. "But having a cheat day every week is not going to bring things down if you’re looking to lose weight." Mindful eating consultant, Emma Randall, told BBC that wanting a cheat day can also be a "reflection of a very restrictive and unenjoyable diet". She explained that the more people restrict foods while trying to lose weight, the more they will think about them. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Will-power is a bit like a phone battery; it tends to run out by the end of the day", she said. Instead, she suggested people follow a moderate weight-loss diet that doesn’t leave them craving foods likely to be detrimental to their diets. To curb those cravings, Jackie also recommended women should consume protein and fibre with every meal and snack. "If you’re craving severely then your stress hormones are determining your food choices and not your brain," she said. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Your hormones will win every time." She explained that to prevent weight gain, women should eat complex carbs, which are rich in fibre, and also add in protein. Jackie stated that it will keep blood sugar stable and will ultimately keep people going for longer. "Go back to that basic principle, the protein and fibre with every meal and snack," she said. "If you get a sweet craving after your meal try something like liquorice tea. "This will satisfy your craving and help balance your blood sugar, too." Jackie suggested swapping from white bread, white rice and white pasta to wholegrain foods is a "really good start" for people looking to lose a few pounds. "Vegetables and fruits with an edible skin are another great source of complex carbohydrate," she added. "Marry them with protein, which is hard to digest. It slows down the release of the carbohydrate even more and keeps you going for longer."