The founder of Money Saving Expert was responding to a question on ITV's This Morning when he gave the tip. Virgin Media customer Pauline called the show as she was looking to switch to Vodafone. She was concerned to be told that Virgin would close down her email account once she had moved. Mr Lewis said: "On Virgin you get 90 days after giving notice. "Some providers let you keep it, some don't. This is the classic reason for not setting up your own email address with your provider. “You are going to have this issue forever. READ MORE: ‘Take advantage!’ Pensioners could secure vital help with energy bills "You're always going to find it difficult to move so here is my tip. “Decide today that you're going to set up, let's say a Gmail account. "Start telling everyone you know to email you on Gmail. Auto-forward your current email address to Gmail so that it sends it to your new email address and you should always reply from there.” Mr Lewis said that this will give customers more adaptability when it comes to switching. DON'T MISSWoman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [EXCLUSIVE]TV licence reforms mooted: Could the licence fee be axed? [ANALYSIS]Free prescriptions available to 15 different groups of Britons [INSIGHT] He said: "Do that for a couple of months until you're pretty sure about everything and then leave Virgin. “That gives you an extra 90 days, and you do need to check that. “After that you then have the flexibility to move. " The money saving expert did recommend switching, as changing providers can save consumers up to £300 a year, rising to £1,000 within a few years. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Health conditions which may entitle you to £370 He said: "It can easily save you up to £200-300 a year. After a few years you could easily be up to £1,000 gained by going to the cheapest provider each time. "You need to break that habit of allowing them to lock you in by keeping your email. “It will be a pain to do so but I suggest you take the time." Virgin Media O2 has just announced that it is donating 15 million GB of free mobile data to the National Databank. The service is like a foodbank, providing users with free calls and texts. Anyone hit by the cost of a living crisis can apply through the scheme for an O2 SIM that comes loaded with 20GB data per month plus free calls and texts. The amount has increased from the previous 15GB following the Virgin O2 boost. This lasts for a year and is available to those in low-income households who have insufficient access to the internet at home. The help is also there to support those who cannot afford their existing monthly contract or have no internet access when away from the home. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.