All Creatures Great and Small star Rachel Shenton, who plays Helen Alderson in the Channel 5 drama, thinks viewers will see a different version of her character in season three. At the end of the last series, Helen got engaged to James Herrior (played by Nicholas Ralph), as they prepared for a new life together. However, in a new interview, the actress who plays Helen has opened up about the couple's next storyline, branding the new chapter "huge".  After watching their relationship unfold throughout series two, viewers were thrilled when James finally popped the question to Helen. Immediately saying yes, fans of the Channel 5 drama can expect to see the couple start a new chapter in their lives as she prepares to move to Skeldale. In an interview, actress Rachel Shenton revealed what she hopes is in store for her character ahead of the new series airing later this year. She said: “We know she’ll be making a life with James, she'll be moving from Heston Grange where she’s lived all her life to Skeldale, it’s huge.”    Rachel continued in an interview with Masterpiece: “I think it’ll be tricky at first, I think there will be some adjusting. “We might even see a different side to her that we haven’t seen before “We might even see a freer version, we’ve seen glimpses of it, we see that with James. “But, my hope is we get to see even more of that and even more fun because she’s stepped away a little bit.”    In the upcoming series, fans will see the couple tie the knot as sneak-peek photos show James and Helen hand-in-hand kitted out in full wedding attire. Elsewhere in the interview, actor Nicholas Ralph said he wants to see more good times for the duo before touching on his professional career. Fans last saw the veterinarian decline a prestigious job in Scotland to be with Helen. Speaking about what could happen next in James’ career, the actor said: “I think professionally the next steps would be a partner.    That could be a little while off as well, but I just hope we see him continue to develop.” With a second world war looming, it’s not just Helen and James that are facing change in their lives. Anna Madely, who plays Mrs Hall, revealed that she wants to see her character rekindle the relationship with her son Edward. In the same interview with Masterpiece, she said: “I think that would be a wonderful thing, especially given the prospect of the political situation in the world.   “There are some frightening things on the horizon but I think life is good and is opening up for her. “I hope she makes some great decisions regarding her heart. The future carries both darkness and light.” All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will air later in 2022. 