The Education Secretary wants to give 130,000 teachers in England in the first five years of their career the rise from September, which would take starting salaries to £30,000. Mr Zahawi is also proposing a five percent rise for the remaining 380,000 teachers across the country.  This is a more ambitious target than the three percent currently proposed by the Government. Mr Zahawi has made the request formally in a letter to Chancellor Rishi Sunak. It comes after the pay review board recommended the Government increase teacher’s pay following spiralling inflation. Although the Education Secretary is not obliged to follow the recommendation, it is understood that he is minded to do so in order to avert strikes which he feels would negatively impact children and schools.  Teacher unions have vowed to strike if they feel that any pay offer is too low. However officials are hopeful that a significant rise for new teachers would encourage their more senior colleagues to not walk out. Mr Zahawi is the first cabinet minister who is known to have challenged Mr Sunak's call for pay restraint. A source told The Daily Telegraph that teachers “deserve” a pay rise. READ MORE: Piers Morgan savages union strikes - 'Where does this all end?!'  They said: “Nadhim Zahawi has made it clear that the quality of teaching is the single most important factor within a school for outcomes for children and we need to make teaching an even more attractive profession. “Teachers deserve a pay rise, and the Government wants to prevent any strikes.” The pay settlement is likely to be announced in the next few weeks. Teacher's pay was frozen in England last year and has fallen in real terms over the past decade. DON'T MISS: 'They shouldn't be paid less!' LBC caller slams demands to cut wages [REVEAL] Rail chief: Unions risking lives by blocking safety kit [INSIGHT] We cannot afford an orgy of acrimony - EXPRESS COMMENT [SPOTLIGHT]  There is also a retention crisis with almost a fifth of newly qualified teachers leaving the profession within the first two years. Prior to the Education Secretary's intervention the Government had claimed that a three percent pay rise would be the biggest for teachers since 2006. However, The National Association of Schoolmasters/Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) said it would ballot its members for strike action in November if their members were offered less than 12 percent. Under Mr Zahawi's proposals the starting salaries for new teachers would increase from £25,714 to £28,000. 