The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are reportedly filming a reality show for the streaming giant. Netflix reportedly wants to air the series shortly after the fifth season of royal drama The Crown, which is out in November. A source told Page Six: “There is a lot to organize and a lot of things at play here." The insider added that Netflix "wants to make sure they get in there and don’t get scooped" by Harry's tell-all memoir, which is due later this year. The source said: “[Netflix executives] knew the book was coming out, which is why they wanted the series this year. They don’t want to hold off any longer.” However, it was previously reported that Harry and Meghan want to release the show next year. It comes as the Sussexes are said to have allowed cameras behind the scenes at their Montecito home to film the docuseries as part of their lucrative deal with Netflix. A Hollywood source previously said the streaming giant was "getting its pound of flesh" from the couple with the show. It was reported last month that Harry and Meghan had hired Liz Garbus, who directed the last series of The Handmaid's Tale, for the at-home series. READ MORE: Prince Harry mercilessly mocked by South African newspaper The Sussexes signed their Netflix deal after quitting royal duties in 2020 and moving across the pond. But fans are still waiting for the first content from their deal to be released. In May, it emerged that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant. The Archewell Productions project was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. DON'T MISSPrince Harry blasted for 'mouthing off' about US politicsMeghan was 'repeatedly rejected' by Hollywood before meeting HarryPrince Harry's friends called him 'f***ing nuts' for dating Meghan When Pearl was announced, the Duchess said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." Netflix insisted Archewell Productions remained a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. It came after the streaming giant lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Express.co.uk has contacted Netflix and Archewell for comment. 