Several demonstrations are set to take place in Yorkshire, M54, Essex, M5, A63, M180 and other major roads across the UK, according to the experts at FairFuelUK. It's no surprise, as petrol prices continue to rise and the Government is making a huge in tax and duty. A recent video showed Britons claiming the Government is "ripping off" drivers by making 46 percent from every litre sold at pumps. Thankfully, there are some ways Britons can save money on petrol. Abigayle is the content creator behind She Talks Cars. She boasts over 80,000 followers on her TikTok, where she has amassed over 1.2 million likes. She posts car advice on her social media channels including her YouTube, where she has an impressive 214k subscribers, and her Instagram. Recently she spoke about how to spend less money on petrol amid rising prices. Abigayle said: "Fuel prices are just not our friends right now. I hate you, fuel prices "So here are five tips that help you save on fuel." READ MORE: 'I'm fuming': Hollyoaks star's tirade at the petrol pump - 'may as well cycle up the M62' Check tyre pressure Abigayle said: "Number one, check your tyre pressure. Correct tyre pressure means you are wasting less fuel." Hypermile "Number two, hypermile," the car expert said. She explained: "Basically, that's a buzzword for 'drive more economically'. This is how you do it: "Basically, drive like a granny." DON'T MISSEasy driving mistake punished with 'automatic licence revoke' [WARNING] Drivers urged to avoid 'shockingly common' license offence [ADVICE] Little-known petrol pump button that gets exact amount of fuel [HACK] Hypermiling can lower the cost of driving, but it does come with some warnings. Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, recently told Express.co.uk: “The UK’s roads are still very busy and when you are driving you need to concentrate on your safety and that of others first and foremost. “Some hypermiling techniques demand high concentration levels which could distract you from safe driving. “Going far too slowly can also irritate other drivers who don’t know what you are doing and that can lead to road rage.” Always drive carefully and pay attention to the road and other drivers around you. Anticipate the road Abigayle said: "Number three, when you are driving, try and anticipate what's going to happen before it happens. "Keep as much momentum as possible when you are driving." Cruise control "Number four, if you are on the motorway, use cruise control. This works in EVs as well," she said. Car manufacturer Kia has said: "Cruise control can help you become more fuel-efficient and can help you save an average of seven to 14 percent on gas thanks to its ability to maintain a continuous speed." Clean out your car Abigayle said: "Number five, I've said it before and I'll say it again. "You don't need all your c*** that's in your boot. Take it out. "If you've got more than you need in your cars, you're wasting more fuel." These numbers are correct at the time of writing