Cristiano Ronaldo has pushed for an exit from Manchester United before, having asked to leave during his first stint before he tried to sign for Real Madrid. Erik ten Hag now finds himself in the same situation as Sir Alex Ferguson back in the 2008 transfer window. In that instance, Ronaldo was desperate to leave the club and reportedly told close friends he would do whatever it takes to engineer a move to the Bernabeu. Despite his best efforts though, Ferguson intervened and convinced him to stay another year. A private chat between manager and player ended with Ronaldo agreeing to see out one final year at Old Trafford before making the switch the following year - if Madrid kept their interest. Speaking about his chat with Ferguson, Ronaldo confirmed that a visit from the legendary United boss was enough to sway his mind. "I can confirm that I'll be playing for Manchester United next season. I'll be playing with my heart and soul and I will fight and honour the shirt with the same desire and dedication as I always have," he said. "My coach [Ferguson] was kind enough to come and see me in Lisbon a few days ago. "It was a very honest conversation between two people that respect each other and that I'm sure share a mutual affection and friendship. Sir Alex listened to me, I listened to him and we established that the best for both sides would be for me to continue at Old Trafford." Now, Ronaldo has once again demanded to leave United, this time with no set destination in sight. Instead, he is reportedly eager to leave for a club with Champions League football. But new boss Ten Hag finds himself in the difficult situation of having to decide whether to try and keep the five-time Ballon d'Or winner around until the expiration of his contract next year - or to cut him loose this summer and find a replacement.  Ronaldo has told the Red Devils that he wants to leave. The 37-year-old realises that he has around four years left in the tank and does not want to waste what time he has left playing in the Europa League. Where the five-time Ballon d'Or winner will end up is yet to be revealed but the likes of Bayern Munich and Chelsea have been linked. United, though, have insisted he is going nowhere and there could be some crucial weeks ahead this summer.