Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin is coming to HBO Max soon and it is based on the novels by Sara Shepard. Set within the same continuity as the other TV series, it follows a group of teenage girls who are terrorised by the mysterious 'A'. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the show will arrive. The mysterious assailant known as 'A' is back to torment a new group of characters in the twisted teen drama. Flitting between the past and the present, the girls are terrorised over sins committed by their parents 20 years ago. The new series has been described as more of a slasher, horror show compared to the original. In America, the series will start on Thursday, July 28 at 3am Eastern Time, on HBO Max. The first season is made up of 10 episodes, with the first three airing together at the same time. READ MORE: Righteous Gemstones star ‘lied in audition’ to land role As for the remaining seven episodes, they will continue to air weekly on Thursdays at the same time. Unfortunately, the series is not available for UK fans to watch at the moment. There is a chance it will be added to Sky at some point in the future. The cast of the reboot includes Chandler Kinney as Tabby Hawthorne, a horror film fanatic. Maia Reficco is Noa Olivar, a track star, and Bailee Madison is Imogen Adams, a pregnant teenager. Zaria plays Faran Bryant, a ballerina tackling racism in the industry. Malia Pyles plays Minnie Honrada, who has a traumatic past. Alex Aiono plays Shawn, one of the most popular guys at Millwood High. Fans will be interested to hear Mallory Bachtel takes on two roles in the series. The star will play twins, Karen and Kelly Beasley. DON'T MISS... Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, cast [INSIGHT] Gentleman Jack cancelled: Could there still be a season 3 on the BBC? [DISCUSSION] Why has Gentleman Jack been cancelled? [EXPLAINER] Sadly the original cast will not be starring in this season but they are excited to see what is in store. Sasha Pieterse, who played Alison DiLaurentis, offered words of support to fellow 'mean girl' Mallory. Meanwhile Lucy Hale said she had watched the first two episodes and thought it was "freaking cool". She told Extra: "There are so many parts of it where the original fans will grasp on to, but there is a new take on it. "They really hone in on the slasher/horror thing, and it’s very scary." The trailer for the series has been released and it shows the girls tackling the trials and tribulations of high school life. During a school dance, the teens receive the same text from 'A', as one of the students is found dead, saying: "One down. Five to go." The girls soon figure out 'A' is testing them, always watching. The spooky series comes from the creators of Riverdale and The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina.  Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin airs on HBO Max on July 28 at 3am ET.