For most royal women, their outfits for both day and night wouldn't be complete without a pair of pretty earrings. But the Queen's granddaughter Princess Beatrice is rarely spotted wearing earrings, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is thought to turn to clip-on gems. Princess Beatrice and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are considered fashionable members of the Royal Family, and each has worn some breath-taking jewellery over the years. But as HELLO! highlighted, Beatrice and Camilla do not appear to have had their ears pierced like many other royal women have. Camilla was emphatic in her recent birthday interview with British Vogue that she wouldn't be getting her ears pierced any time soon. She quipped: “No, I’m not going to give it to myself for a 75th birthday present. READ MORE: Camilla's ‘extraordinary’ charity work earned her ‘respect'  "[The grandchildren] will try to persuade me, but nothing’s going to pierce my ears.” Beatrice and Camilla's stance on earrings could not be more different to the Queen's, who is rarely pictured without her staple pearls. The monarch turns to them time and again, and they perfectly match her iconic three-strand pearl necklaces. Young royals like Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are also known to favour pearl earrings for both day and evening occasions.  Kate often wears the Collingwood pearl earrings that once belonged to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. But when she wants a bit more glamour, she opts for the diamond and South Sea pearl earrings from Diana's collection. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex wears everything from trendy studs to more elaborate dangling designs. But she is also known to wear precious pieces from Diana's collection on occasion too.  After her pregnancy was announced in 2019, Meghan wore a pair of blue studded butterfly earrings during a day out in Australia that previously belonged to the Princess. The Queen's extensive jewellery collection is often lent to other royals for big occasions. For her Christmas carol concert last year, the Queen lent Kate a pair of sapphire fringe earrings which could be perceived as a subtle gesture of support for the Duchess' high-profile event. The Queen also lends royal brides a tiara when they get married or for formal state events. 