The draw on Thursday July 14 saw the lucky winners collect £10,000 per month for the next 30 years, offering the chance of a completely new life. The money would easily pay for a dream holiday or car, and offer plenty of opportunities for someone to splash out on something big. The Set for Life draw takes place every Monday and Thursday, and players can get involved daily until 11pm, or 7.30pm on draw days. Run by the National Lottery, the funds raised is used to make people richer, as well as supporting projects around the UK. The National Lottery works with organisations such as Sport England and Arts Council England on schemes in sport and other areas of life. All draw game prizes must be claimed within 180 days after the draw, and Instant Win Game prizes must be claimed within 180 days after the day the Instant Win Game was bought. READ MORE: Euromillions results: Today's winning numbers The winning numbers in today’s Set for Life draw are 4, 5, 14, 16, 38 and the Life Ball is 7. A National Lottery spokesman said: "Better dig out your wish list - because you could be one ticket away from winning £10,000 every month for 30 years! "Imagine what you could do with that. Cooking course? New business idea? Whatever’s on your list, now’s your chance to start ticking them off." Sam Gray from Whitley Bay is a winner from a previous Set for Life draw after playing regularly with the same numbers. In May, she used a set of numbers she had chosen on her account two years previously, and ended up winning. She said: “Something inside me told me to go with the numbers I’d picked for myself over two years ago. I just couldn’t believe it when I logged on to my National Lottery account to see that I’d won – it didn’t seem real at all. “ With her winning, Ms Gray plans to take her mum to Pefkos, a beach resort on the eastern coast of Rhodes. DON'T MISS:Police eye breakthrough in Madeleine McCann case [REPORT]Elizabeth line facing disaster as massive '£275M bailout likely neeed' [ANALYSIS]Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water [INSIGHT] The next Set for Life draw is set to take place on Monday at 8pm. Players can buy tickets before 7.30pm on the day of the draw to take part, and be in with a chance to win. The money is paid monthly, and offers winners a new start in life, with a regular cash injection. Winning the money would be especially useful right now, with the cost of living making everyone feel the pinch when it comes to spending.