Manchester United have signed three players so far this summer in the forms of Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. The Red Devils want more reinforcements, too, with Antony and Frenkie de Jong both admired. But the club also have several wonderkids who can save the Glazers millions and break into Erik ten Hag’s side this season. Manchester United have signed Malacia from Feyenoord, with the Netherlands international joining to provide competition for Luke Shaw at left-back. Eriksen has touched down from Brentford, while the Red Devils have also recruited Martinez from Ajax. Many United fans feel their side require more, however, amid ongoing links to the likes of De Jong and Antony - of Barcelona and Ajax respectively. And with Ten Hag recently saying he’s more than happy to promote from within, that means several wonderkids could be given the chance to make their mark this term. Express Sport have now identified four young gems who may have a big impact over the upcoming season. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Charlie Savage has been impressive for United during pre-season. Son of former Birmingham, Derby and Blackburn star Robbie, the teenager has already shown he’s got what it takes to kick on and become a big figure over at Old Trafford. There’s been talk of a potential loan move for Savage. But with Ten Hag stunned at the 19-year-old barely playing under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, it’s looking increasingly likely he’ll stay. United are expected to use Savage in their pre-season friendly clash with Rayo Vallecano on Sunday (4pm). DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Another young midfielder who has wowed Ten Hag is Zidane Iqbal. The Iraq international was given his debut by Rangnick last term, having stood out with his performances for the club’s youth team. Iqbal was particularly impressive in the 4-1 win over Melbourne Victory, getting fans on their feet with a stellar performance during that contest. Like Savage, there have been rumours of a loan. But Iqbal looks tailor-made to play for United already and reports have suggested Ten Hag is keen to keep him around this term. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Towards the end of last season, Alejandro Garnacho’s profile rocketed. The Argentina youngster, who has impressed Lionel Messi, scored as United won the Youth Cup for the first time since 2011. In pre-season, he’s barely played with Ten Hag preferring to give more game time to his senior team-mates instead. But Garnacho has talent in abundance and, with Cristiano Ronaldo’s future uncertain, may be kept around for the upcoming campaign. It’s also possible he’ll go to the World Cup in Qatar later in the year, with rumours claiming he’s under consideration as a wildcard pick. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Hannibal Mejbri has bite. That was clear when United lost 4-0 to Liverpool in April, with the Tunisia international the only positive on the day. He was also reportedly involved in a training ground clash with Alex Telles, too, towards the end of last season. Hannibal is a precocious talent, but one United feel can reach the very top. And though Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes are ahead of him in the pecking order, Hannibal could be kept around to keep his team-mates on their toes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here