Queen and Adam Lambert have had a busy couple of months touring the UK and Europe after a two-year delay. Now as the trio approach the final four shows of their European tour, Brian May and Roger Taylor were surprised with some incredible news. This morning, the Official Charts Company announced that the 1981 album Queen Greatest Hits has surpassed 7 million sales in the UK, something no other band has ever accomplished. The record was already Britain’s best-selling album being certified Platinum 23 times, but this is truly an even greater milestone through a combination of physical sales, downloads and streams. Incredibly, Queen Greatest Hits has accumulated over 1.26 billion total UK streams to date, with the record’s most-streamed track being Bohemian Rhapsody – a song boasting over 240 million UK streams and counting. Both Brian and Roger have shared how they feel on what also marks the guitarist’s 75th birthday today. What a present and no doubt Freddie Mercury would be so proud! Birthday boy Brian said: “We’re here to bring you the joyous news that Queen’s Greatest Hits album has sold 7 million copies, which nobody has ever done before. No album has done this before in history. Thank you, we appreciate it. The British public and their infinitely-great taste have made this the biggest-selling album in history. Thank you very much; we’re humbled and honoured. We salute you!” Roger added: “The British public and their infinitely-great taste have made this the biggest-selling album in history. Thank you very much; we’re humbled and honoured. We salute you!" READ MORE: Brian May emotional message to fans: 'I feel so loved and so alone' Martin Talbot, Chief Executive of the Official Charts Company shared: “It really is a fantastic achievement by Queen to become the first act to notch up 7 million sales of one album, with their legendary Greatest Hits. When it was released for the first time in 1981, career-spanning packages such as Greatest Hits were relatively rare, the preserve of only the very biggest acts. Queen’s Greatest Hits can claim to be in more than one-in-four UK households’ record collections today, and there is no doubt that its massive success has done as much as any other release to turn hits packages into the omnipresent album concept that they are today.” DON'T MISSBohemian Rhapsody: Brian May – What Freddie Mercury would really think [FREDDIE MERCURY]Brian May shares Freddie Mercury secret from Queen concert set [QUEEN CONCERT]Bohemian Rhapsody: Brian May's ‘gut-wrenching’ favourite Freddie scene [BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY] Queen Greatest Hits features well-known classic rock tracks from the likes of We Will Rock You and Don’t Stop Me Now to Bohemian Rhapsody and previously became the first album to surpass 6 million UK sales in 2014. In early June, the record also celebrated its 1000th week on the Official Albums Chart – again a record and first for Queen that no other band has accomplished before. SOURCE