As Ian Blackford said Boris Johnson "cannot remain as Prime Minister one day longer", Sky News' Kay Burley blasted him, reminding him of the constitutional rules.  Sky News' Burley lambasted: "This is what happens. This is the smooth transition.  "This is what happened to Theresa May, this is what happened with David Cameron. "That's how we do politics in this country." Mr Blackford conceded: "You're right. That's what happened with Theresa Mya to use that example. But the reason Theresa Lay left office was because Conservative MPs lost confidence her because she couldn't get her Brexit deals through. "This is a man who has been removed from office because of his behaviour, because of the fact that he can't be trusted because he's the only Prime Minister that's ever been found to be guilty of breaking his own rules.   "This is what happened to Theresa May, this is what happened with David Cameron. "That's how we do politics in this country."  "You cannot in those circumstances leave the Prime Minister in place. "And of course, Conservatives have a deputy Prime Minister. it's up to them to decide how they want to move forward. Mr Blackford added: "But I think we have a responsibility on behalf of the electorate to make sure that this week, this man doesn't just resign as the Tory party leader but he goes as Prime Minister." Sky News' Burley interjected: "But I'll put it to you again that actually unless Tory backbenchers agree with you, he's not going anywhere." Mr Blackford hit back: "Well, that's why I need to respectfully ask Conservative MPs to recognise the job that they need to do. That all of us collectively have that responsibility to remove him from office. "He doesn't have the confidence of the Conservative Party. He doesn't have the confidence of Parliament. He doesn't have the confidence of these people up and down these islands. READ MORE: Kay Burley blasts Ian Blackford for demanding Boris leave now "So, MPs have got to do the job that we've been sent to do: that is remove this man that is not fit for office - and to do it this week." Opposition leaders in Westminster like Ian Blackford and Keir Starmer have threatened to take some course of action to remove Boris Johnson from office. But the future of Boris Johnson is now in the hands of the Conservative Party which has the power to change the rules and hold a new confidence vote. The outgoing Prime Minister said in a statement he will now take the mantle of caretaker Prime Minister "until a new leader is in place", meaning he will stay in power until the Conservative Party holds a leadership contest for a replacement. He is expected to stay in office until the autumn. DON'T MISS:Rory Stewart beams as he learns Boris Johnson to resign live on Sky [REACTION]Terrifying fireball erupts and black smoke cloud spotted in city [VIDEO]Wallace says 'Britain is full square behind' Ukraine despite PM loss [REPORT]  Even in the unlikely case the Conservative Party vote Boris Johnson out in a no-confidence vote, it remains unclear who would be the next Prime Minister. For now, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace seems the early favourite in the leadership race. But a flurry of other candidates is expected to throw their hats in the ring such as Rishi Sunak, Sajid Javid, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat, Nadhim Zahawi, Jeremy Hunt, Suella Braverman, and Steve Baker - to only name a few. The 1922 Committee will set out a timetable and rules for the Conservative leadership election next week. READ NEXT:'My head is spinning' Kay Burley shook over Zahawi's confidence letterPentagon developing new system to intercept hypersonic missilesKay forced to scold Chris Bryant for bizarre 'Jimmy Savile' claimCampbell erupts at Burley branding Johnson 'most successful leader'Zahawi hits back at Burley as he refuses to list new plans