Pundits Jenson Button and Martin Brundle both agreed that Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton have a chance of winning at Silverstone this weekend. The seven-time world champion’s team will hope to have solved some of the porpoising issues that have plagued Hamilton this season and after making significant upgrades, could be poised for a strong weekend at the British Grand Prix. Speaking during Sky Sports F1’s coverage of qualifying at Silverstone, Button and Brundle both think Mercedes have a chance in an open weekend. “It is so nice to see six cars at the front fighting it out,” Button said. “I think we will see them fighting it out all the way through.” When asked if he agreed with the 2009 F1 champion, Brundle said: “I do, I think Mercedes certainly at this track anyway are back in the hunt, they have got half a chance of a front row grid start. “It looks like Red Bull are slightly faster, but I agree with Jenson on the wind, it is 505ft if I can remember from my helicopter flying days and it’s on a plateau because it’s on an old air force airfield, so it is always pretty breezy here.” However, Hamilton will have it all to do after finishing fifth in qualifying, while Carlos Sainz beat Max Verstappen to pole. BRITISH GP QUALIFYING RESULTS: SAINZ BEATS VERSTAPPEN WITH HAMILTON IN FIFTH Hamilton won last year’s British GP but will face a tougher task this year, and his team broke curfew as they attempted to fix the bouncing issues Mercedes have suffered. The technical delegate’s report revealed that the team’s personnel were still working on the car during the 13-hour curfew period on Wednesday night. Mercedes were not the only team to break curfew, with Haas working on their car late into Wednesday night and Ferrari became the third team to flout the rule, working beyond the allocated time on Thursday night. DON'T MISSLeclerc facing British Grand Prix crisis which could help Hamilton [INSIGHT]Hamilton 'unlucky' in Russell duel as veteran backed to hit top form [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton moans about Mercedes car during British GP practice [PICS] Hamilton set Silverstone as the target for his team where he expects to be able to compete with Red Bull and Ferrari, and pundit Karun Chandhok believes Hamilton can enjoy a strong race. "The stats don’t tell the full story," Chandhok told Express Sport. "Lewis has been a little bit unlucky in a couple of races – safety cars in Melbourne and Miami specifically. "Mercedes are still experimenting with the car, they’re trying to unlock the full potential. We’ll really see the head-to-head when the car starts to get better. This weekend could be a fascinating one. Silverstone is a smooth, high-speed circuit and it should help Mercedes. The battle between the two of them is going to be a fascinating subplot to the overall Grand Prix this weekend. "They need a bit of luck to get the win. They have the best driver line-up at the moment, and if other teams slip up a bit in terms of strategy or the British weather plays a part, they could get the win. As a pure race, they’re probably fighting for a podium. In a straight fight, the win is probably slightly beyond them still."