Max Verstappen has claimed he wants to see a race in Africa, months after Lewis Hamilton also pushed for a new race on the continent. F1 is understood to have been in talks with organisers in South Africa over a new race to start from next season. Reports from Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf claim that F1 management “assumes” a race will be held north of Johannesburg. It is believed a race will be held at the iconic Kyalami circuit where F1 last raced in 1993. In June, the Daily Mail reported that talks between F1 and Kyalami were at an “advanced stage”. The track apparently only needs a “minor tweak to its facilities” to be ready to hold an F1 event. Verstappen has now called for the race to be added to the calendar in a bid to expand the sport across the continent. He said: “When you look at the continents where you race, I think we definitely need to try and pursue a bit more into Africa. And at the moment, which looks like the most likely place to go is South Africa, because they already have a track, and they’ve been there before.” READ MORE: Verstappen asked whether he'd rather beat Hamilton or Leclerc to title It comes just weeks after Hamilton also pushed for a new race in South Africa. Speaking after Las Vegas’ addition to the calendar for 2023, Hamilton praised F1 bosses for expanding the sport across America. However, he stressed a race in Africa was the “one I want to hear next”. He explained: “It’s amazing that we have bridged a relationship that we have now three races on one continent. “I think that’s going to be awesome, I think it’ll be good for the business, I think Vegas will be an awesome addition. But the one I really, really want to see is South Africa. That’s the one I want to hear next that gets announced.” However, the Chairman of Motorsport South Africa, Anton Roux, claims a race could be put under threat by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISSVerstappen explains reasons for Hamilton issues after 'hating' Leclerc [COMMENT]Max Verstappen labels Lewis Hamilton the 'biggest show off' in quiz [INSIGHT]Ferrari accused of 'hurting' Charles Leclerc in Lewis Hamilton battle [ANALYSIS] He admitted hosting a Grand Prix “just doesn’t make sense” if they were made to hold it behind closed doors due to any spikes in infection. He told South African TV channel eNCA: “I think the COVID restrictions is a big challenge, and I think if we’re going to be at a stage where we’re going to have 50%, then that might place the whole event in jeopardy. “You know, we’ve had an event earlier this year, an international event, where we allowed 2000 spectators, but we had 1800 employees at the circuit. I mean, it just doesn’t make sense if you can’t go to full capacity and we can’t get approximately 90,000 spectators into Kyalami.”