Tottenham are reportedly taking a leaf out of Liverpool's book by plotting to raid the Scottish Premiership for another one of their brightest young talents this summer. The Reds recently moved to bring in Calvin Ramsay from Aberdeen in the wake of his breakthrough campaign with his hometown club north of the border. Ramsay established himself as one of Scotland's best teenage players over the course of last season and ended up commanding a fee in excess of £6million, with Liverpool having tied him down to a long-term contract at Anfield. It seems as though Tottenham could now be set to follow in their footsteps by targeting a move for St Mirren starlet Murray Campbell, according to Pete O'Rourke.It is claimed that Spurs are one of several clubs with a keen interest in landing Campbell, who is only 15 years of age but has already turned plenty of heads with his stunning form at youth level for St Mirren. Southampton, Leicester City, Crystal Palace and Wolves have also been linked with moves for the young defender but it remains to be seen whether he will eventually leave Paisley this summer.Campbell is currently with St Mirren's first-team squad as they ramp up their pre-season preparations and played the full 90 minutes of their comfortable 3-0 win over Crusaders on Monday night. He is hugely admired by Saints manager Stephen Robinson, who spoke highly of Campbell's performance before suggesting that he could work his way into contention to feature regularly when the Scottish Premiership campaign gets underway at the end of this month. JUST IN: Barcelona's latest take on 'Ousmane Dembele case' after free agency "Murray Campbell is only 15 and was playing against really experienced Irish league players and coped really well," said Robinson after Monday's game.“Everyone has got an opportunity to impress me now, especially the younger boys on this trip. There’s always a chance to make your mark in training sessions and in games." St Mirren are said to be hopeful of tying Campbell down to his first professional contract as soon as he celebrates his 16th birthday later this month. It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will manage to prise him away from Scotland in favour of a move to north London, though, if they decide to firm up their interest in his services over the coming days.Tottenham have already welcomed four new faces since the end of last season, with Richarlison, Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma all having joined the club in recent weeks. They are also said to be in advanced talks with Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence, who excelled on loan at Nottingham Forest as they secured promotion from the Championship over the course of the previous campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here