While Sky News' Kay Burley asked Alastair Campbell about the resignation of top cabinet minister, she unexpectedly told Alastair Campbell: "He's one the most successful Prime Ministers of this century." A baffled Mr Campbell exclaimed: "Sorry, did you just say that Boris Johnson is one the most successful Prime Ministers of this century? Mr Burkley hit back: "I did." Mr Campbell: "Based upon what?" Mr Burley cut him off saying: "He's achieved a majority." Mr Campbell interjected: Kay, I know you've got to sort of play devil's advocate a little bit. He beat Jeremy Corbyn in the general election. He told a pack of lies." "He told a pack of lies to win a general election to pass an up-and-ready Brexit deal. He’s achieved literally nothing. The economy is going backwards. "The Covid vaccine rollout that he claims credit for, as I know from people Oxford unity with the university was done despite the government rather than because of it. "He parades as a global leader on Ukraine, which he uses only for his own survival. We are a mess as a country. His Brexit is one flagship thing.  "He's going disastrously wrong. Honestly Kay, you've got credibility for heaven's sake. For you to say Boris Johnson is one the greatest Prime Ministers of this century..." Sky News' Burley retorted: "I didn't say that! "The most successful is what I said - the most sucessful. And I was talking about at the polls. Who else has got a bigger majority than him at the polls this country?" Rolling his eyes, Mr Campbell said: "Erm, Tony Blair in 1997." Ms Burley hit back: "That's not this century." READ MORE: Kay forced to scold Chris Bryant for 'comparing Boris to Savile' "Okay, alright, okay", Mr Campbell said impatiently, defending: "Well, we haven't that many Prime Ministers in this century. And those that we've had have all done terribly well - not least David Cameron who gave us this wrenched referendum. And poor Theresa May who got ripped apart over it. Ms Burley exclaimed: "You see!" Mr Campbell interjected: "This huy is the worst Prime Minister this country has ever had. Yes, he won a general election. But let me just remind you it was about half a majority we got in 1997. But honestly Kay, the guy is a liar. He's a crook. He's a charlatan. You know that. I know that. Everybody in the country knows that. DON'T MISS:Kay Burley rubbishes Campbell's claim Blair never lost by by-election [REPORT]Sky News' Kay Burley, 61, wows in swimsuit in Puerto Rico [REVEAL]Martin Lewis fires back at Kay Burley amid strikes [REPORT] "The only people refusing to face up to that fact are the people sitting up at that Cabinet table," Mr Campbell added. "Javid and Sunack belatedly have been defending the indefensible for far too long. They've finally realised that their reputation, their credibility can only be rescued by what they did yesterday." Both Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid stepped down citing the integrity of Boris Johnson's Government as the main reason for their resigning. They are rumoured to be potential challengers for Boris Johnson in a potential new leadership contest. The 1922 Committee, who whill be holding elections by Parliament's summer recess, will choose new members who could scrap the one-year-cap which protects Boris Johnson from another confidence vote and trigger a new vote. READ NEXT:'People could die, roll your sleeves up!' Shapps slammed in strike rowEnergy price cap set to rise again, warns Ofgem chief Boris Johnson not safe yet as Tory rebels consider changing rules Raab snaps back at Burley over election hopesJacob Rees-Mogg confronts Kay Burley over coverage of Boris booing