Arsenal are set to reignite their interest in Bayer Leverkusen defender Edmond Tapsoba amid uncertainty over William Saliba's future at the club. Mikel Arteta is eyeing defensive reinforcements after missing out on Lisandro Martinez, who is on the verge of completing a £46million switch to Manchester United. Saliba is reportedly ready to quit Arsenal this summer if he isn't guaranteed to become a starter after his sensational loan spell at Marseille last season. France manager Didier Deschamps has suggested his World Cup status depends on whether he continues to play regularly. With Gabriel Magalhaes and Ben White firmly Arteta's first-choice centre-back pairing, Saliba could be primed to depart before making his debut. And the Gunners are seemingly preemptively scouring the transfer market in search of his replacement. According to FootballTransfers, Arsenal are plotting a swoop for Tapsoba after making a new centre-back one of their priorities for the remainder of the summer transfer window. After unsuccessfully pursuing the 23-year-old last year, Arsenal are preparing to match Leverkusen's valuation with the German club wanting between £34m and £42m. JUST IN: Man Utd-bound Lisandro Martinez spotted on private plane Tapsoba has earned 28 caps for Burkina Faso, boasting monstrous physicality and, at 6ft 4in, a towering aerial presence. He's made 67 appearances for Leverkusen since joining in a £21m deal from Vitoria de Guimaraes in 2020, so the Bundesliga club could be interested in doubling their money. Saliba's discontent is warranted, given he joined Arsenal one year before Tapsoba's Leverkusen arrival and is yet to make his official debut for the club. If he isn't convinced he'll be an important fixture in Arteta's planning at the start of the 2022/23 season, he's likely to push for an exit. Atletico Madrid are thought to have joined Marseille and other suitors considering a pursuit in the coming weeks. READ MORE: Manchester United tell Eriksen and Martinez to 'stay at home' Arsenal's summer business so far has been attack-focused, barring the signing of New England goalkeeper Matt Turner and their concrete interest in Oleksandr Zinchenko. The Gunners have completed the £34m signing of FC Porto attacking midfielder Fabio Viera and £45m capture of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus. Teenage prospect Marquinhos has also joined from Sao Paulo. As well as in defence, Arteta is eyeing reinforcements in midfield. Arsenal have been heavily linked with Leicester City's Youri Tielemans, whose current contract is due to expire in 2023. But with Saliba's future increasingly in doubt, the north Londoners could shift their main focus towards a new central defender.