The original Sonos Beam might've been superseded by the improved Sonos Beam (Gen 2), which brings support for industry-standard Dolby Atmos, packs a more powerful chipset inside, and a metal grille on the front that's more durable for cleaning. So, does that mean there's no reason to buy the first-generation Sonos Beam today? Well, not exactly. With the arrival of the second-generation Beam, Sonos increased the price tag by £50. Coupled with the fact that you can currently buy the original Sonos Beam for just £269, there's still a lot to like about this discounted soundbar. In fact, it might just be one of the best Sonos speaker deals available today. Sonos Beam still sounds as amazing as it did when it first launched back in July 2018. If you’ve bought a modern flatscreen Smart TV, there's a good chance that it doesn’t sound anywhere near as good as it looks. Wafer-thin displays are great space-savers in the home, but the lack of room inside these TVs means those all-important speakers are often compromised. And as most cinematic boxsets and blockbusters are mixed for higher quality audio gear, watching on your flatscreen alone means you'll likely spend a good proportion of the time straining to hear dialogue and then diving for the remote control to drop the volume during a deafening explosion. Thankfully, there’s a new speaker which not only adds some power and depth to what you are watching but also offers a compact design that won’t look out of place in even the smartest of homes. The Sonos Beam is the latest speaker to launch from the US firm and it’s aimed at those wanting great audio and looks to match. The Beam officially launches on July 17, but Express.co.uk has already had this device plumbed into our TV so we can bring you our early verdict. And our impressions are very, very good. Firstly, the Beam looks fabulous and is perfect for anyone with a small living room who doesn’t want an ugly speaker slapped in front of their TV. There are white and black colour options available and at only 25.6 inches long, the Sonos Beam won’t hang off furniture or block the TV – something that can’t be said for some of its monstrous rivals. And don't think small means it's lacklustre. Sonos Beam (Gen 1) has a surprising amount of power. There are four custom-built elliptical full-range woofers, three passive radiators and a single tweeter packed inside this soundbar that ensure it sounds pretty mighty, especially when you turn the volume up to 11. With the speakers inside the Beam pointing in a number of different directions, you will enjoy excellent spacial sound, which is especially impressive for a speaker of this size. There are some nice added extras including Night Sound, which enhances quiet sounds without waking the whole house up and Speech Enhancement instantly boosts the voices on screen. It’s worth noting that Sonos has made this new speaker to suit smaller rooms and it definitely doesn’t have the punch of its bigger and more expensive brother – the Sonos Arc. Bass is also sadly lacking, so do not expect to be blown away by thundering audio as you won’t find it on the Beam. That said, this compact speaker offers very good overall sound and will improve the quality of your TV's audio tenfold. Along with decent audio, there’s also another nice feature as the Beam includes Amazon’s Alexa which means you can control things via simple voice commands. What makes this even smarter is the ability to play an album via services such as Apple Music but still be able to ask Alexa what song is playing. Of course, this is a Sonos device which means it will link up with any other Sonos speakers you have for an instant surround sound and multi-room experience. And this is another reason why we like the Beam as it’s not just a soundbar. With Sonos technology powering it, this speaker quickly and easily becomes part of your home’s audio setup. And, to make things even better, there’s a big update coming for the launch which will allow Apple users to beam sound to it via AirPlay 2. One final thing to mention is how easy the Sonos Beam is to install. As long as your TV has an HDMI ARC port this speaker plugs straight in without any fuss and it will even instantly connect to your remote control without having to access endless menus. It’s so nice when a product just works and the Beam is brilliantly simple. Sonos Beam has been superseded by the Sonos Beam (Gen 2) which brings support for industry standard Dolby Atmos, a more powerful chipset inside, and a metal grill on the front – which is more durable for cleaning. So, does that mean there's no reason to buy the first-generation Sonos Beam today? Well, not exactly. With the arrival of the second-generation Beam, Sonos increased the price tag by £50. Coupled with the fact that you can currently buy the original Sonos Beam for just £269, there's still a lot to like about this discounted soundbar. In fact, it might just be one of the best Sonos speaker deals available today. Sonos Beam still sounds as amazing as it did when it first launched back in July 2018. The Beam is a brilliant to-go soundbar for those with smaller rooms, thanks to its compact size. Measuring just 25.63-inches (651 mm) across, the Sonos Beam will look brilliant under all televisions. That's not the case with the likes of the Sonos Arc and Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 3, which are designed to create a surround sound-like experience from a single speaker and, as a result, measure almost twice the length of the Beam. For those who own a larger telly, this might be an option ...but for everyone else, Sonos Beam is the best choice. Alexa and Google Assistant are both included in the first-generation Sonos Beam too, so you'll be able to request songs, playlists, albums, podcasts, audiobooks and live radio stations with your voice. With both chatty AI assistants included out-of-the-box, Beam (Gen 1) will work with any brand of video doorbells, Wi-Fi enabled thermostats, and other smart home gadgets. And of course, if you already own other Sonos speakers (or any audio equipment with Apple AirPlay 2) you will be able to use the Beam (Gen 1) to synchronise playback of songs across multiple speakers or in multiple rooms. The brilliant Sonos app (available on both iOS and Android) brings together dozens of music streaming platforms, audiobooks, and radio stations. Connecting to a telly is simple, thanks to the inclusion of both Optical and HDMI Arc. The latter provides a much better experience, allowing you to control volume instantly without any laborious pairing processes. However, since there's no passthrough HDMI port on the Sonos Beam (Gen 1) ..something that isn't fixed with its successor, you'll lose a port at the back of your telly for the privilege of the boosted sound. While the Sonos Beam (Gen 2) is future-proofed with its Dolby Atmos support and more durable design, there's still a lot to love about the first-generation Sonos Beam. It boasts great sound with plenty of bass (especially for such a compact speaker), a sleek minimalist look in black or white, and a much cheaper price. MORE LIKE THIS