Arsenal have given up on their summer pursuit of Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez, who is edging towards a move to Manchester United in advance of next season, according to reports. Martinez is finally believed to be closing in on a deal to join the Red Devils after weeks of protracted negotiations at club level with Ajax. Discussions were held at a meeting on Wednesday as United moved closer to striking an agreement with the Dutch giants, who are said to be resigned to losing Martinez in exchange for a transfer fee of around £46million. United's progress in negotiations has led to Arsenal dropping out of the race to land the 24-year-old, with the Gunners now fully focused on chasing moves for their other targets, according to ESPN.Arsenal have been heavily linked with Martinez since the end of last season, with Mikel Arteta said to have been a strong admirer of the versatile defender for some time. However, it seems as though the north Londoners will be forced to look elsewhere in their efforts to strengthen their ranks at the back over the course of this summer.Martinez is believed to favour the idea of a move to United in order to reunite with Erik ten Hag, who he thrived under at Ajax throughout the previous campaign. He recently insisted that he is delighted with the way he has developed in the Netherlands before thanking Ten Hag for helping him to become a regular for Argentina at international level over the last few years. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'receives £210m Saudi Arabia offer' "I am so proud of what I have achieved at Ajax and under Ten Hag," said Martinez. "I grew as a player and became an Argentinian international thanks to my development at Ajax."And I even got to wear the captaincy armband for my country. That was the day my father cried, it was very emotional. My mum cried too, my uncles, aunties, cousins, everyone." Meanwhile, it remains to be seen who Arsenal could decide to target instead of Martinez in order to improve their defensive options before the new Premier League season gets underway. They have recently been linked with a move for Wolfsburg defender Maxence Lacroix, who has also been mentioned in connection with West Ham United over the last few weeks.Arteta could also opt to hand William Saliba a starring role for the Gunners off the back of his impressive loan spell at Marseille over the course of last season. The Frenchman will be desperately hoping to get regular first-team minutes for Arsenal in the near future after failing to break into the side in the years since joining the club from Saint-Etienne back in 2019. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here