Rishi Sunak won the most votes in the first ballot of the Tory leadership race on Wednesday, strengthening his bid to lead the Conservative Party and become Britain’s next Prime Minister. The former Chancellor’s resignation last Tuesday helped bring down Boris Johnson, who quit as Prime Minister less than 48 hours later amid a torrent of resignations in the wake of Mr Sunak’s. Mr Sunak is now on course to be one of the final two candidates vying to succeed him after receiving the backing of 88 MPs. However, the former Chancellor’s bid to enter Downing Street has been called into question as comments made by the minister in 2017 on the possibility of a second Scottish independence referendum have come to light. Despite flat-out rejecting Nicola Sturgeon’s bid to hold a so-called ‘indyref2’ in recent weeks, Mr Sunak appeared open to the idea five years ago. Speaking to Express.co.uk in 2017, the MP for Richmond, Yorkshire, suggested another vote on Scottish independence should take place after Brexit had been negotiated and executed. He said: “It seems hard to block a [second] referendum but we should push the timing until after Brexit so the choice is clearer for people.” He added: “A good deal will strengthen the case for the Union.” JUST IN: Brexit: EU ready for war! Von der Leyen creates 'ammunition' to fight Liz Truss plot Mr Sunak’s resurfaced comments are a stark contrast to his recent criticism of the idea of indyref2. Only a few weeks ago, he attacked Ms Sturgeon’s attempts to hold a new public vote on Scotland leaving the UK. Speaking to The Herald, the Tory frontrunner warned the First Minister that she should be focusing on more important issues like addressing the cost of living crisis. Asked about her bid to hold a new plebiscite next October, he said: “I think that what people across the United Kingdom want their Government to focus on, both the Scottish Government and the UK Government, is on the issues that are front of mind at the moment. “And that is helping them with the challenges they're facing with the cost of living. It's improving our energy security, and it's driving economic growth. “That's what I'm focused on doing, that's what I've actually been talking to people all day about in my town hall. “That's what they wanted to talk to me about when they were asking me questions, and I think that should be the focus for us and everyone else.” In another rejection of indyref2, Mr Sunak told the BBC’s Andrew Marr in 2019 that holding a new public vote on Scottish independence “is absolutely not our intention”. Mr Sunak’s apparent double standards were seized upon by Kirsten Oswald, the SNP’s deputy Westminster leader. Speaking to The National this week, she claimed his comments show that the Conservatives’ rejection of indyref2 will not last. DON'T MISS: Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' - VIDEO [LATEST]Liz Truss' brutal swipe at Royal Family UNEARTHED as she sided with whining Lib Dems [INSIGHT]Penny Mordaunt's past as a magician's assistant laid bare amid bid to be next PM [ANALYSIS] She said: “The Tories' anti-democratic stance is unsustainable and even Rishi Sunak in his own words knows it.” The former Chancellor’s attack on Ms Sturgeon’s plans came after she restated her case for Scottish independence last month. Speaking just over a fortnight ago, the First Minister proposed October 19, 2023 as a date for a new referendum. Her call for a new vote, which would break apart the Union, comes despite Scots rejecting independence from the UK at the last referendum in 2014. However, Ms Sturgeon claims she has been given a mandate from the Scottish people to deliver independence. It comes after her SNP party took the most seats in the Scottish Parliament election last May but failed to secure an overall majority. Yet despite not having control of Holyrood, Ms Sturgeon has vowed to railroad through her Scottish independence plans. She claimed last month she had written to Mr Johnson – who is opposed to Scottish independence – about holding indyref2 next year and vowed to plough ahead regardless of whether she receives the UK Government’s consent. The SNP leader told MSPs she had asked the Prime Minister to negotiate the terms of a section 30 order, which would temporarily cede Holyrood the power to hold a public vote.