Attendance Allowance is the most underclaimed DWP benefit with almost three and a half million (3.4 million) Britons missing out on this vital financial support. Depending on someone’s condition it could add up to £370 to their monthly budget. Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on state benefits from the DWP, according to Age UK. Britons who have reached state pension age could be entitled to extra financial help in the form or Pension Credit, Attendance Allowance or Carer’s Allowance if they are looking after a partner. Attendance Allowance is for people who have reached the state pension age of 66 who have a disability or condition that affects their everyday life. To qualify, pensioners will need to prove they need help with everyday tasks but that doesn’t mean they need to have a full time carer. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Brits to check council tax - £150m due In addition, applicants must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. Up to 56 health conditions mean Britons automatically qualify for Attendance Allowance including arthritis and back pain. Conditions like Multiple Sclerosis and Dementia usually also mean someone qualifies for this extra cash. A full list of the 56 health conditions is available on the Government website. DON'T MISS:State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Gas boiler upgrade 'not limited to heat pumps' [ALERT]PIP claimants could get council tax discount of up to 100 percent [UPDATE]Inheritance tax: Don’t caught out by the 7 year rule [WARNING] However, older Britons often cite overcomplicated forms for not claiming all the DWP benefits they are entitled to. A pensioner from Nottinghamshire told Express.co.uk: “you have to be on death’s door” to qualify for Attendance Allowance. She is just one of a number of pensioners who have said they are frustrated that the benefits system isn’t more straightforward. READ MORE: National Insurance change means millions get £330 extra - how to check With this in mind, Express.co.uk has come up with eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can also ask Age UK for help claiming Attendance Allowance. The charity's staff are fully trained and will help people look into all the state benefits they may be entitled to. Britons can conduct a benefits check by using the benefits calculator on the Age UK website. Or they can speak to an adviser if they prefer by calling 0800 678 1602.