Jamie Phillips, of no fixed address, was sentenced by Plymouth Magistrates Court on Thursday, June 30, having previously pleaded guilty to both breeding and selling animals without a licence over a period of two years. The court previously heard how in July 2021, following reports on these activities, Plymouth City Council, police and the RSPCA executed a warrant on an address rented by Phillips on an industrial estate in Estover, Devon. Six American Bulldogs were found by officers in a dark shed, housed in cages that were too small and with insufficient bedding, reports Plymouth Live. None of Phillips' dogs had access to clean water or to a toilet area within their cages, and when the dogs were let out of their cages they were so desperate to drink that they drank from a bowl of filthy water. The court heard how there was a large mound of excrement present by the door to the shed, there was no ventilation, the air was hot and foul and the dogs were panting excessively. Phillips's ban forbids him from owning, keeping, living with, dealing in or transporting dogs for an indefinite period. Should he wish to do any of these things in the future, he will have to apply to the court. He was also ordered to pay a fine of £160 for breeding without a license and another £40 for selling the dogs. He must also pay costs of £1,000 and a victim surcharge of £34.  A person requires a licence for dog breeding if they breed more than two litters in a 12-month period or if they make a profit from the sale of dogs. Buying dogs from a licensed breeder ensures that the dogs are properly looked after. To obtain a licence, the breeder and dogs are regularly inspected and the breeder must comply with set welfare standards. When a license is issued, a star rating is given based on welfare standards found at the time of the inspection. The star rating system is a national system to provide customers with information about the establishments. Councillor Richard Bingley, leader of Plymouth City Council, said: "This is a really good result for our environmental protection team whose hard work will have stopped animals from suffering in the future. "Licensing is in place for precisely this reason - to maintain a high standard of animal welfare and give the public peace of mind when buying a pet. "We will not hesitate to prosecute individuals who abuse or cause suffering to animals and we urge those acquiring pets to contact us if they suspect animals are being harmed by suppliers.”