Kate Garraway, 55, has updated fans after making an announcement yesterday that husband Derek Draper’s medical supplies were accidentally left in a London black cab she had travelled in. She issued a plea to fans at the time to help her retrieve the equipment. She wrote to her 504,000 followers yesterday: “@BC_Lostproperty help!! “Have just brought derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit -& have left a case with all his meds and kit  in the front! “The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there - please look & get in touch - need urgently!!” Fortunately, this morning, Kate has updated her fans to say that the equipment has thankfully been retrieved. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap Kate wrote this morning: “It’s been returned! “Thanks to all who reached out - the message got to driver lovely Robert who has returned it - phew and thanks to all. #happysundayeveryone” Fans were relieved to hear the news after offering their suggestions about how to retrieve the important equipment yesterday. @Lugoxx said: “So pleased Kate and Derek.” @Elle95260 wrote: “Have a lovely day Kate, your strength is an inspiration.” @Georgesingkkf commented: “Absolutely incredible news Kate Xxx.” @Melanieella put: “Brilliant news.” Kate was helped by Twitter user @reefrider27, who thankfully was able to help the GMB presenter due to their connections. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] The user wrote yesterday: “I know the driver Kate as he mentioned he'd taken you and your husband to me this evening. “I’m trying to get in touch right now.” Later on, the user confirmed that they had in fact been in touch with the driver, who then managed to return the goods to Kate. Kate recently spoke about how she has had to learn to “re-love” Derek amid his serious health struggles. She told Good Housekeeping last week that nearly losing loved ones brings everything else into sharper focus. The GMB presenter said: “When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. “In many ways, we're still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed.” “It's the same for the children – they're having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. “And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.”