Following an agreement between the Ukrainian and British governments as well as the BBC, it has now been officially confirmed the Eurovision Song Contest will take place in the UK after Sam Ryder's Spaceman saw the UK coming second to Ukraine in May this year. The hunt for a city for the contest to be held in has begun. It was recently announced Ukraine had stepped aside from hosting duties after winning due to the ongoing war with Russia. It was officially announced on Monday the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and the BBC have confirmed the 2023 event will be hosted in the United Kingdom. A contest to decide on the host city is set to being this week. The EBU announced th decision had been made following the exploration of hosting the Contest in Ukraine, and regrettably concluding that for safety and security reasons this was not possible. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims As a result of those discussions, the BBC, as runner-up in the 2022 Contest, was invited by the EBU to act as Host Broadcaster for the 67th Eurovision Song Contest. Ukraine, as the winning country in 2022, will automatically qualify for the Grand Final of the upcoming Contest along with the so-called ‘Big 5’ (those countries that financially contribute the most towards the Contest: France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom). Martin Österdahl, the Eurovision Song Contest’s Executive Supervisor, said: "We’re exceptionally grateful that the BBC has accepted to stage the Eurovision Song Contest in the UK in 2023." "The BBC has taken on hosting duties for other winning countries on four previous occasions.  "Continuing in this tradition of solidarity, we know that next year’s Contest will showcase the creativity and skill of one of Europe’s most experienced public broadcasters whilst ensuring this year’s winners, Ukraine, are celebrated and represented throughout the event." Mykola Chernotytskyi, Head of the Managing Board of UA:PBC added: "The 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be in Ukraine but in support of Ukraine. "We are grateful to our BBC partners for showing solidarity with us. "I am confident that together we will be able to add Ukrainian spirit to this event and once again unite the whole of Europe around our common values of peace, support, celebrating diversity and talent."   It was also revealed that representatives of UA: PBC will work with the BBC to develop and implement the Ukrainian elements of next year’s shows. The logo for the 2023 event will also be revealed later and will reflect the unique staging of next year’s Contest and the cooperation between the host country and this year’s winners. Tim Davie, BBC Director-General, shed some light on where the Contest will be hosted. He explained: "It is a matter of great regret that our colleagues and friends in Ukraine are not able to host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest.  "Being asked to host the largest and most complex music competition in the world is a great privilege. "The BBC is committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity. "The BBC will now begin the process to find a host city to partner with us on delivering one of the most exciting events to come to the UK in 2023."