Sevilla expect Barcelona to make a 'madness' late offer in a last-ditch attempt to beat Chelsea to the signing of Jules Kounde, according to reports. Chelsea are thought to be favourites to sign the Frenchman but Barca have not given up hope yet. Kounde has been linked with a move to Stamford Bridge in the last few transfer windows. A deal was close last summer but the Blues were unable to agree a fee with Sevilla. One year on and Chelsea are in need of new defenders. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen both left at the end of last season following the expiry of their contracts. Chelsea have brought in the experienced Kalidou Koulibaly for a fee of up to £34million. But Kounde is now their top target at the back. Spanish outlet Sport says a deal is 'very advanced' between Chelsea and Sevilla for Kounde. A fee has been agreed at around £55m and the player would earn around £10m per season in wages. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd tug-of-war, Chelsea £55m bid, Barcelona plot Arsenal swoop  The report claims Barca will not be able to match the offer in terms of the fee or the salary. However, Sevilla are still expecting one last 'madness' approach from the Nou Camp club. Kounde's preference is to join Blaugrana but the lower offer could ultimately have the final say. Barca have already beaten Chelsea to the signing of winger Raphinha from Leeds. Chelsea agreed a fee with Leeds but the player waited around for Barca to put together an offer to match the Premier League side. Barca most likely need Kounde to pull off a similar move if he is determined to join them. Kounde, 23, would be a longer-term option for Chelsea than Koulibaly. He would provide youth to a backline which already includes 37-year-old Thiago Silva. DON'T MISSMan Utd have another Paul Pogba and Erik ten Hag deserves creditArsenal have fresh transfer need as injury creates Mikel Arteta dilemmaDe Jong to make 'huge difference' for Man Utd as Carragher gives top four verdict  Former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor says Kounde will complete Chelsea's defensive rebuild but reckons Thomas Tuchel needs to recruit in midfield. He told talkSPORT: "Spurs are looking in a better position at the moment with the signings they've made but Chelsea are catching them now. "Koulibaly, great centre-half, Kounde will add as well to the defence with Thiago Silva, mainly as a back three. I just feel like they still need maybe a midfielder. "There's talk of maybe [Frenkie ] de Jong, maybe hijacking that move to Manchester United. I think he'd choose Chelsea over Manchester United if he had a choice. "But I still think another midfielder, another striker. But defence for me would be sorted with [the Kounde] signing." 