Dec Donnelly’s brother Dermot has died at 55 after being rushed to hospital with a serious illness. The devastating news was announced today as the priest's loved ones ask for prayers. Father Dermot had been taken seriously ill in hospital and his family rushed to be at his bedside. A source explained they all prayed he would “pull through”. "Dec arrived with other family members. There are around 12 of them there at the hospital,” they told The Sun. But tragically, a statement from the Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle announced Dermott died today. READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers "It is with great sadness that I inform you of the death of Fr Dermott Donnelly who died peacefully this afternoon in hospital,” read the statement. "This has come as a great shock to all of us. "Please pray for the repose of his soul and keep his family, especially his mother, in your prayers at this difficult time. "Funeral arrangements will follow when finalised." Dec is understood to have raced home to the North East to be with his beloved brother when he was taken ill. The star previously opened up on their relationship and childhood, explaining he too wanted to be a priest at one point. "Growing up was like The Waltons but in Newcastle,” he wrote in his joint book with Ant, Ooh! What a Lovely Pair. “I had different relationships with each of my brothers and sisters: growing up, I annoyed them all in very different ways.” DONT MISS...Arlene Phillips, 79, looks decades younger as she stuns at TRIC Awards [PHOTOS]David Beckham debuts unusual new tattoo on his hand at Wimbledon [NEWS]Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 61, in very busty display at TRIC Awards [LATEST] He added: “Dermott was away training to be a priest, so I’d only really see him in school holidays, when we’d have a real laugh together. “Later on, when I was about fourteen, I did briefly consider following in his footsteps, and the footsteps of my Godfather, Father O’Connell, and becoming a priest. “Then I got the bus home from school one day and it was full of lasses from the local girl’s school, Sacred Heart. “I knew right there and then that the priesthood wasn't for me.” In 2015, Father Dermott conducted Dec's wedding to Ali Astall, with Ant as best man. Dec also lost his dad, Alphonsus, to cancer in 2011. Ahead of his nuptials, the star said: "There is always someone you are going to miss and for me it’s my dad. "I always hoped he would see me marry, but these things happen. I know he’s proud of me. My mum will be there though, and all my friends."