Gary Lineker has trolled Manchester United by joking that the Red Devils could end their wait for a summer signing by agreeing a deal for the copyright of Mickey Mouse. The 13-time Premier League champions are desperately trying to bolster their squad this summer following another dismal campaign. United’s struggles were well-documented last season as they could only muster a sixth-place Premier League finish after struggling for form on the pitch. And in a bid to rediscover their glory days, the club have appointed ex-Ajax boss Erik ten Hag as their new manager. But the Dutchman will be in need of new faces if he wants to give his side any chance of competing for silverware. And the club have been linked with a whole host of players this summer. Ten Hag has been tipped to raid his former club to sign defenders Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez as well as attacker Anthony. And United are also chasing Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, Brentford playmaker Christian Eriksen and Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia, with the latter pictured arriving at the club’s training ground on Monday morning ahead of a medical as United finally close in on their first signing. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer' But Lineker thinks club chiefs could have their eye on a very different sort of player. On Monday morning, LadBible reported that Mickey Mouse could be leaving Disney as the company's 95-year copyright of the character is set to expire in two years. And Lineker took to Twitter to joke that he could be headed to Old Trafford. “Finally Man Utd set to make a signing,” quipped the former England international, who now presents Match of the Day. His cheeky comment had received over 6,000 likes in two-and-a-half hours as some fans thought he could be onto something. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  “To be honest I thought he was already running the club,” replied @ReedyLiam, while @petercorbett27 said: “Perfect for Man Utd. He'll sell a lot of shirts.” But @Stephendurnin1 thought United should be turning their attentions elsewhere. “Bit harsh Gaz. Donald Duck is trying to get a deal done.” United have suffered a precipitous fall from grace since legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson retired as the club’s manager in 2013 following his 13th Premier League title success. The Red Devils have never come close to winning the title since then and have failed to qualify for the Champions League in five of their nine seasons without the Scot. Last season, they suffered a string of embarrassing results under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim replacement Ralf Rangnick. But with Ten Hag now in charge, United chiefs are confident they will finally see a marked improvement in performances. And a handful of summer signings will go a long way to appease fans, although Mickey Mouse is unlikely to put pen-to-paper on a deal at Old Trafford any time soon. 