The latest gaffe came as he was speaking during a trip to a former coal-fired power plant in Somerset, Massachusetts. During his speech, Joe Biden heralded US leadership on climate change during the COP26 summit of world leaders in the Scottish city last year. The US President said: "I was able to bring more world leaders together. We got 100 nations together to agree at the major conference in Glasgow, England – I mean Scotland – to change the emissions policy. We've made real progress." Despite Mr Biden's quick attempt at an immediate correction, the error was still widely mocked by several people on social media. "Alistair Greer" (@alistairgreer67) tweeted: "Another day, another gaffe." Twitter user "Richard Peddie" (@RichardPeddie1) wrote: "Let's pretend to be surprised?" "Tally Ho Bingo" (@topp_roger) quipped: "Glasgow England, Scotland, Wales, Skeggy." Elsewhere in an error-strewn speech, Mr Biden appeared to suggest he currently has cancer, which triggered a rapid clarification from the White House. He detailed the steps he is taking to address climate change, and started describing the impact of emissions from oil refineries near his childhood home in Delaware. He said: “You had to put on your windshield wipers to get, literally, the oil slick off the window," he said. "That’s why I, and so damn many other people I grew up with, have cancer and why for the longest time Delaware had the highest cancer rate in the nation." READ MORE: 'Putin won't forget this' Fears of Turkey after huge Erdogan snub White House officials were quick to make clear he was referring to his past treatment for skin cancer. Mr Biden's deputy press secretary Andrew Bates highlighted the President's health exam in 2021 that noted his treatment for "several, localised non-melanoma skin cancers", which he had removed before he took the White House hot seat. The US President's history of skin cancer is attributed to spending a "good deal of time in the sun in his youth" - according to his White House health summary -and not as a result of exposure to fossil fuels. The latest excruciating mistakes from Mr Biden overshadowed his trip to the former coal-fired power plant in Somerset, Massachusetts to announce new plans to tackle climate change. DON'T MISSChina BETRAYS Russia as Xi strikes major 24-year gas deal with Biden[LATEST]Biden set to address tensions with China[REPORT]Joe Biden promises job boom in climate change plan [COMMENTS]  This will seethe country's domestic offshore wind industry in the Gulf of Mexico and Southeast boosted through executive action. Efforts will also be widened to help communities cope with surging temperatures as large parts of the country continue to scorch in searing heat. He didn't go as far as declaring a formal climate emergency, which will disappoint many Democrats and environmental groups. But Mr Biden promised more robust action, and added: "This is an emergency and I will look at it that way." 