Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has told the club he’s open to taking a pay cut in order to remain at the Nou Camp, according to reports. The Netherlands international remains a top transfer target for Manchester United. However, after months of intense rumours, there’s still no guarantee he’ll end up making the move to Old Trafford. Manchester United first opened talks with Barcelona back in May, shortly after they confirmed Erik ten Hag as their new manager. Yet while they’ve agreed an initial fee for De Jong, which is believed to be in the region of £63million, the midfielder’s future remains up in the air. Barcelona owe De Jong a huge £17m in deferred wages after the Netherlands international agreed to take a pay cut shortly after the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020. But they’ve told the player to halve his salary, regardless of what they owe him, if he wishes to remain in Catalonia. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And, now, Spanish newspaper AS claim De Jong is ‘open’ to taking a pay cut in order to ensure he stays at the Nou Camp. Over at Barcelona, the 25-year-old earns close to £360,000-a-week - making him one of the best-paid players on the planet. Barcelona decided to give De Jong a huge salary upon landing him from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019 in order to fend off interest from the likes of Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain, who were also keen to secure his signature. The report says that, this week, Xavi has talked with the Dutchman. The Spaniard has been using De Jong as a centre-back during pre-season, during matches against the likes of Inter Miami and Real Madrid. Xavi feels under pressure to use De Jong while he remains a Barcelona player, which is why he’s now being trialled in other positions. The club’s midfield is bloated at present, especially given the arrival of Franck Kessie on a free from Serie A titans AC Milan. Xavi has told De Jong that, if his true wish really is to stay at Barcelona, then he must ‘make an effort’ and accept a huge salary drop. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And ‘everything indicates’ the midfielder was satisfied with that, meaning he’s now open to doing what Barcelona wish. That would be a hammer blow for United, who have put all their resources into a deal as they look to hit the ground running under Ten Hag. The Dutchman has, publicly, been coy whenever quizzed about the prospect of reuniting with his former Ajax pupil. Yet, behind the scenes at United, Ten Hag has been asking to be kept informed of any developments as he battles to secure a reunion. The ‘ball is in De Jong’s court’ now, with Barcelona also ready to activate a third lever in the coming weeks as they seek to balance their books. And whether the United target ends up finally making a move to Old Trafford, with a month of the transfer window remaining, remains to be seen. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, as well as United, Chelsea have been linked with a move for De Jong amid the uncertainty over his Nou Camp future. And Gabriel Agbonlahor thinks the midfielder would be wise to choose a switch to Stamford Bridge instead of Old Trafford this summer. “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts,” he said. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?”