The UK is set to be battered with extreme heat this week with temperatures reaching as high as 40 degrees. It is therefore inevitable that anyone getting into a car will immediately blast the air con on. However, with the prices of petrol and diesel remaining high many motorists will be conscious of the potential cost. With that in mind, motoring experts Scrap Car Comparison compiled a list of things drivers should do to get the most out of air con in the intense heat. Dan Gick, Managing Director of Scrap Car Comparison, said: “Your car’s air conditioning system can be a real lifesaver during a heatwave, but it’s important to carry out regular checks throughout the year to ensure everything is working efficiently when the temperatures outside start to rise. “Consult your vehicle’s handbook for further information on the inner workings of your air conditioning system, and stick to the service schedule to ensure any issues are spotted early. READ MORE: Motorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes “If you do notice that your air conditioning system isn’t working, you should contact a professional technician to carry out checks and any repairs as soon as possible. “A malfunctioning system not only leaves the passengers in your car feeling the heat, but it can also drain power, fuel and lead to an overheating engine.” The experts have now shared some essential things that drivers should do to keep their air-conditioning system in good working. These include: DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick [ADVICE] Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel [REVEAL] Having a working air conditioning system is vital in keeping your passengers comfortable, as well as enabling you to drive more safely in the summer heat. If you’re turning your air conditioning system on for the first time in a few months, you may notice that the system is clogged or faulty, leaving both drivers and passengers to suffer in an overheating vehicle. READ MORE: Driver ordered to pay £1,100 and given points for overtaking cyclist Just like oils and other liquids in your vehicle, the coolant used by your air conditioning system also needs to be refreshed and recharged. Most manufacturers recommend a recharge every two years, but be sure to check your vehicle’s handbook for further guidance. If your air conditioning levels are reducing faster than expected, you could have a leak in your system, which could emit harmful gases into the environment if not checked. To regas or recharge your air con system, the coolant will need to be drained, and refilled and key parts of the system re-lubricated to ensure all is working efficiently. While you can buy DIY kits to regas your air conditioning system yourself, it’s not advisable if you’ve never done it before. The kits themselves are almost as expensive as paying a specialist to do it – and you could be left with an expensive repair bill if anything goes wrong. If you’re noticing a nasty smell when you first turn on your air conditioning in the summer, this could mean that your air conditioning needs a good clean. Dust and liquid can build up in your air conditioning system over time, leading to your car being filled with unpleasant smells. Regular cleaning will also reduce the risk of malfunction over time, which is often caused by the build-up of bacteria, dust and debris.