First Kill is based on the supernatural short story by VE Schwab and brought to life by Netflix. The series tells the tale of legacy vampire Juliette (played by Sarah Catherine Hook) and monster hunter Calliope (Imani Lewis) who fall in love with each other. But with their families expecting the teens to make their first kill as soon as possible, there is more than just sexual tension to contend with. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from First Kill.Jules and Cal were drawn to each other from the start, both of them thinking it was to do with their first kill. They quickly found out though that their bond was a romantic one and the teens started pursuing a secret romance. When fellow monster hunter Clayton Cook (Joseph Reitman) found out about their relationship, he tried to kidnap Cal. Thankfully, Jules was there to defend her and Clayton was knocked unconscious. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret This wasn't the end of Clayton's rampage just yet as he went to attack Ben (Jonas Dylan Allen) but once again, Jules came to the rescue. But this time, she wasn't going to let him hurt anyone ever again by pinning Clayton to the ground and biting his neck. The song which plays in the background of this crucial scene is Killer by PoutyFace. And the popularity of the show's soundtrack hasn't gone unnoticed by Clayton Cook star Joseph Reitman. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "It's a different generation, it's a young generation for me, everyone has their own opinion with why they're drawn to a show. "To be honest, the shows I watch tend to have no music because they're very subtle we do have a younger audience. "I don't really hear the music to the show as much as other people do. "But I have noticed the young audience being like 'Oh my God, I love this song! This song is so me, if I was going to murder somebody I am totally going to play this song!'" DON'T MISS...First Kill theory: Clayton Cook to return from the dead to get revenge [THEORY]First Kill's Clayton Cook star talks 'weird' reality of vampire drama [EXPLAINER]Where was First Kill on Netflix filmed? [LOCATION] For those who want to listen to the music without watching the series can now do so. There are two official First Kill playlists available on Spotify for fans which are entitled First Kill: First Love and First Kill: First War. Both of them depict a different part of Jules and Cal's love story during the eight-episode drama. In terms of the future of the show though, this has yet to be confirmed.  Netflix has not yet announced if the second season of First Kill is on the way. Of course, it is still early days for the supernatural series which was released earlier this month. But going by Netflix subscribers' reaction to the drama, there seems to be a good chance of a revival in the future. First Kill is available to watch on Netflix.