The hot weather earlier this week saw Britons face new challenges in their homes and gardens. Some homeowners reported their roofs had melted in the extreme heat while others claimed their streets had melted. With temperatures reaching scorching highs of 40C earlier in the week, other areas of the garden, like outdoor furniture, could be at risk of being damaged from high temperatures. To put your mind at rest about protecting your outdoor rattan furniture, the experts at Luxury Rattan have answered what Britons should do when it comes to protecting your garden furniture in the heat. Keeping outdoor rattan furniture in the direct sunlight will cause it to become very hot to the touch and could damage it in the long term, depending on what material it is. Laura Schwarze, head of Luxury Rattan, explained: “Polyrattan is weatherproof and UV-resistant - which means they are protected from sun rays - meaning the good news is that your outdoor furniture won't be damaged if left outside in the sun.” Rattan furniture can be both natural and synthetic. READ MORE: How to get rid of ants: 'Cheapest and easiest way' Those with rattan furniture should know the difference in order to protect and clean their furniture correctly. Laura continued: “Nowadays most modern polyrattan furniture is UV-resistant but if you have an older set or you don’t think your outdoor rattan furniture has this protection, I would recommend covering or storing your furniture in the shade if it will be left in the sun for prolonged periods of time. “Of course, natural rattan will not have UV protection and should always be stored indoors during a heatwave to prevent fading and even cracking to your piece.” Regardless of whether your outdoor seating is natural or synthetic, padded cushions should always be removed in extreme heat. DON'T MISSShould you open your loft hatch during hot weather? [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fills Montecito home with 'neutral tones' for key reason [UPDATE]house prices increase uk areas property value boost full list [ANALYSIS] The cushions should definitely be removed for those going away for a long period of time. Laura explained: “The sun can bleach colours very easily on a hot day and to keep that new, vibrant look it’s best to store them inside when they aren’t in use. “This especially applies to linen and cotton cushions – the finer the fabric, the more prone it will be to discolouration.” One of the best ways to keep garden furniture safe is to use a protective cover. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Glass surfaces like tables need to be covered as they are particularly vulnerable to heat damage. Ensure the furniture coverings are strong enough to protect the glass. Wooden furniture can become dry in the heat which can lead to fading. To prevent this, keep wood in the shade on hot days and treat it with oils.  Metal furniture can become extremely hot in the heat. If your garden furniture is made from metal, it could be hot to the touch and even burn you. Try and put a parasol up over the area to keep the furniture cool. Or, keep the garden furniture in the shade until temperatures drop.