Britain was banned from accessing certain functions of Galileo after its exit from the EU. But currently, the UK still has a “huge dependency” on GNSS like GPS, which is a general term used to describe any satellite constellation that provides positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) services on a global or regional basis. Now, the National Physical Laboratory’s (NPL) National Timing Centre has launched a programme to slash reliance on GNSS, which it depends on to provide precise, consistent and accurate timing for all Critical National Infrastructure systems. These include emergency services, telecom networks, the energy sector, and broadcast and finance institutes, which all need GNSS to operate. But as these systems frequently get jammed, in attacks by Russia for example, they could potentially see the UK lose around £1billion per day or more, according to estimates by London Economics. Dr Leon Lobo, Head of the National Timing Centre at NPL, explained to Express.co.uk: “Across our digital infrastructure, whether it’s the energy sector, development networks in the environment sector, time-stamping..medical sectors..pretty much everywhere where there is digital sector present, there is a reliance on timing in order to synchronise that. “In almost every case, the implementation of how they do that from a timing perspective is with GNSS services…and the signal is everywhere. “But the signal is weak and vulnerable – it is the equivalent of a lightbulb on the moon, that is the level on the ground. “And what has become apparent over many years now is that it is easily interfered with. As soon as you broadcast something at the same time you are effectively disrupting the signals. “What has also started happening are more inadvertent interferences from someone trying to disable the path of a vehicle for example.’ While a number of actors and countries have done this, Dr Lobo pointed out that this is what Russia has been doing to Ukraine amid its brutal invasion. READ MORE: Ukraine to use deadly HIMARS to wipe out Russians He said: “There have been many places where this has been picked up. Ukraine for example is regularly jammed by Russia. That is also happening in the Nordics. These are the sorts of things that can severely disrupt our digital infrastructure.” But now, Dr Lobo and his team are working on a world-first - a precise reliant reliable timekeeping source, independent of GNSS - to help prevent the impact of a cyber-attack, jamming or spoofing event, which could be catastrophic. The National Timing Centre programme is set to deliver resilient UK time and frequency to keep British Critical National Infrastructure safe. With timing being one of the key features of Galileo’s GNSS, the UK can still access certain features of the system, as well as other international GNSS systems. But it appears a safe and reliable alternative could soon give the UK something the EU does not have. DON'T MISS Rolls-Royce developing hypersonic missile capable of hitting Russia [REVEAL] Archaeologists stunned by bizarre find at ancient Petra [REPORT] IDS furious as EU 'violating' Brexit deal and holding UK hostage [INSIGHT] It will work by providing more resilient and reliable time and frequency signals, which could bring a huge boost to new technologies like smart grids, time-critical 5G and 6G applications, and autonomous vehicles. Dr Lobo explained how they are setting this up. He told Express.co.uk: “There is a tremendous lack of awareness about the dependency on GNSS. People need to start to become aware of where they get their time from. “No one really stops to think about this because it is an invisible utility – it is in the background from a daily life perspective.” To tackle this, the NPL is setting up a national timing authority to boost regional timing capability. It aims to support the whole of the UK and offers organisations up and down the country and support needed to secure competitive advantages.Dr Lobo explained how. He said: “We manage the UK’s timescale. The global timescale, UTC, is based on a huge number of plots globally that contribute to form that global timescale. “But UTC NPL, which is the UK’s timescale, is managed at Teddington and we are essentially the real-time realisation of the global timescale.” This will work by building a new UK national time infrastructure with the linking of a new atomic clock network distributed geographically in securelocations. He added GNSS systems like Galileo and GPS get their own timescales from their national UTC labs. Dr Lobo continued: “What we are really planning for the UK, are entirely different forms of dissemination, such as new fibre delivered services and new forms of broadcast. “The route to resiliency is really through a diversity of solutions through different failure modes, and that is the sort of thing we are promoting through this. “ The NPL is now providing £6.7million to the industry to help them develop this, which has also been matched by the industry, to create all these new solutions and develop the supply chain, as well as to address the sparsity in skills in this area. NPL is now in its fourth year of the programme, which received £2million worth of grants from Innovate UK to help industries understand “the nuances around timing, management of time, dissemination of time, how they consume it and how they monitor it”. Dr Lobo said: “This is a first globally. No one is doing this. The opportunity we see from this is not just about the nation moving forward. If we don’t do this, all these applications like autonomous vehicles, smart cities..they are all being developed with a dependence on GNSS.”