The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have ditched the Queen's mantra "never complain, never explain" more than once since stepping down as full-time working royals. However, royal commentator Gareth Russell thinks Meghan and Harry will refrain from correcting explosive claims, answering allegations and setting the record straight on events reported by Mr Bower in his newly published book titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. Mr Russell told Us Weekly: "You can’t respond to it all. "If you go out answering every single book or allegation, it will consume your entire day. "You won’t have spare time to devote to your own mental health and your own well-being." The expert added people as famous as the Sussexes are prone to be surrounded by "a lot of speculation". He continued: "It doesn’t always do anyone good in public life to always be answering and rebutting those claims." Mr Russell's belief the Duke and Duchess will remain silent over Mr Bower's allegations clashes with royal commentator Roya Nikkhah's suggestion Prince Harry may "rebut certain stuff" alleged by Mr Bower in the memoir announced last year. Appearing on the Royal Beat podcast, the expert stressed how, despite Harry's memoir being expected to hit the shelves in late 2022, no publisher has included it in its upcoming release list. She said: "The longer he delays it, the longer he does not publish it for, the more he gets an opportunity to soak up the other things that are being written about him, like the Tom Bower book, and put his own version of events down, his own truth. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral "And we know that Harry likes to speak his own truth these days. "So, if it is not already at the printers under top secrecy, he may well go and read the Bower book and then be able to go back and rebut certain stuff." Prince Harry and Meghan have not yet publicly commented on any claim made by Mr Bower. Last week, upon arriving at the United Nations headquarters in New York, the Duke of Sussex was asked a question regarding the 452-page long book. Voice of America reporter Margaret Besheer shared a clip on Twitter, where she can be heard asking Harry: "Are you worried that Tom Bower's new book is going to widen your rift with the Royal Family?" The Sussexes appeared to briefly glance at the journalist but, if they heard the question, they kept on walking straight to attend the General Assembly plenary session dedicated to Nelson Mandela. Mr Bower's book looks into Meghan's life from her childhood years to the present days, including her years as an actress and her arrival in the Firm. Among the most extraordinary claims, the author alleged the Duke and Duchess were involved in a "monumental argument" over arrangements, later changed, for the arrivals at the Commonwealth Day service days before they bowed out of the Firm as senior royals in March 2020. Other members of the Royal Family have also been hit by claims made in Mr Bower's book. Camilla, the author alleged, joked before the birth of Meghan and Harry's first child about which colour the baby's hair may be, saying it would be funny if he had "ginger afro" hair. While Clarence House did not comment on this allegation, sources close to Camilla dismissed the claim as "nonsense". Moreover, Mr Bower claimed the Queen reacted to news the Duchess of Sussex would not travel across the pond for the funeral of Prince Philip in April last year by telling her aides: "Thank goodness Meghan is not coming." Buckingham Palace did not issue a rebuke, but a palace source said it was "unlikely" the monarch would have been thinking of anything other than her husband at the time. Meghan missed the funeral as she was heavily pregnant with Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, born two months later. Her husband Harry, on the other hand, travelled to Windsor to pay tribute to his grandfather. And, together with his wife, he sent a beautiful wreath dedicated to the late Duke of Edinburgh.