The disruption led to hundreds of pupils being told to stay at home and take online lessons. Locals claim around 30 caravans “broke through school gates” on Friday and set up an encampment at Oakgrove Secondary School in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. Police have since arrested two people after the travellers refused to move on.  The school had been due to host a Sports Day today. One furious parent branded the situation "disgusting". Writing on Facebook, they said: "My husband just drove by Oakgrove and he says that it looks like there are 100s of them and they were driving their cars in circles on their sports field behind the school. "This is just disgusting.” After presenting the travellers with an order to leave the illegal encampment, police have made two arrests and seized four vehicles and three caravans. A Thames Valley police spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “A notice to leave the site was issued to those in the encampment at 8.30am this morning (11/7), utilising the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, as amended by recent legislation. “However, this was not complied with, so officers entered the site to seize vehicles and where necessary arrest anyone suspected of failing to comply with the requirement to leave. “We would like to thank the school and our partners for their support." Local residents claimed the group was making "unbelievable" noise at the school site in the early hours of Sunday morning. Others say that some travellers caused "havoc" in local shops, including Waitrose. One woman wrote on Facebook at 3.30am on Sunday: "A number of police units are there now FYI. The noise is unbelievable." Another said: "The travellers just caused havoc in Waitrose!! I feel sorry for security!!!" Michelle Gavin, development manager at the charity Friends, Families and Travellers, said: “There is a national chronic under-provision of suitable and safe stopping places for Romany or Traveller people passing through. “More safe stopping places such as transit pitches are needed. READ MORE: Woman slammed after calling 999 to ask police to remove spider [REVEAL] No one wants their living situation to become a spectacle – everyone deserves the right to privacy.” The school cited safety concerns for pupils and staff as it announced the closure. A spokesperson for the school has confirmed to Express.co.uk that they hope to reopen tomorrow (July 13), and that students and parents would be updated. An email sent on Sunday stated: “The school and trust have done everything in [their] legal power to avoid a school closure, however at the moment the school or site is not safe for students or staff." Year 7, 8 and 9 pupils were told to do remote learning via Google Classroom, while most of those in Year 10 and 12 are not impacted as they are on work experience placements. Oakgrove school has around 2,250 pupils aged three to 19. The primary school and nursery sites are open as usual. It is understood the travellers arrived after being moved on last week from Northamptonshire. 