Tax credits provide extra income to those who need it, such as those on a low income disabled individuals and people who need help with caring for children. However, the payment is not a foregone conclusion and people will need to take periodic action to ensure they still get the support they are entitled to. Individuals must renew their tax credits by the date shown on their renewal pack. For most people, this date will be July 31, 2022, although it can vary. A failure to meet this deadline could have serious consequences for tax credit claimants. HMRC explained: “If you miss the deadline, your tax credits payments will stop. READ MORE: State pension: Britons could boost income 'by £275 each year' “You’ll be sent a statement and will have to pay back the tax credits you’ve received since April 6, 2022.” Understandably, this is a circumstance Britons will want to avoid, and therefore action is necessary. Those who claim tax credits should receive a renewal pack, letting them know what to do next. If it has a red line across the first page, and says “reply now”, Britons must renew. DON'T MISSUK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures' [INSIGHT]State pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [UPDATE]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS] Conversely, if it had a black line and says “check now”, individuals will need to check their details are correct. If the details are correct and updated, they will not have to do anything as tax credits will be automatically renewed. Tax credit claimants should have already received estimated, provisional payments from HMRC until they renew. But what happens if a person misses their renewal deadline? READ MORE: British Gas offers support up to £1,500 towards energy bills They could be given a second chance through a statement known as TC607. If Britons contact HMRC within 30 days of the state of the statement, their tax credit claim may be restored. It will mean they do not have to pay anything back. Contacting the Revenue later than the 30 day deadline means individuals must explain the reason for the delay. This must be done before HMRC considers restoring a tax credit claim. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who do not contact HMRC at all will lose their tax credit payments and will have to make repayments. If HMRC stops a payment, individuals will not be able to make a new claim for tax credits. This is because tax credits are gradually being phased out and replaced. Instead, people can either apply for Universal Credit if under state pension age, or Pension Credit if 66 or over. Individuals will be able to renew their tax credits online, by phone, or by post.