Keir Starmer hit reset in his latest bid to distance his Labour Party from Jeremy Corbyn's as he announced on Monday they had "scrapped" their nationalisation pledge. He however stuck to Labour's plan to nationalise the railways, branding the current system as "broken. Good Morning Britain host Ed Balls noted Labour in government would actually not be "holding the ring" but rather be making the decisions altogether. Mr Balls said: "The problem is, Sir Keir, once you've renationalised the railways, it's not going to be the Government holding the ring. "It's going to be the Government owning the railways – you'll actually have to make the decisions." Sir Keir replied: "That depends on the model. I do think the Government has a role in this. "The proof of that is what happened in Wales, where Welsh Labour were able to get people around the table and they resolved the issue. JUST IN: Truss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency law within DAYS of becoming PM "If our Government lifted a finger and did something about it, we could resolve these disputes. "But he won't lift a finger, I think the Government just want to feed on the division." He continued: "If there's a broken market, in what way can that market be mended? "If it can be mended with regulation, that that is a route that we could go down". READ MORE: 'Rebuild relationship with Europe!' Stanley Johnson in shock advice to Truss & Sunak He went on to say: "Whilst pragmatic approaches is really driving me on this, rail is a bit of an outlier because obviously large parts of rail are already in public ownership. "And we would continue that, so the rail situation is different because of the way their contracts are run. "But for me, I'm not ideological where I say public is good, private is bad or private is good, public is bad". Sir Keir stressed the party has "quite strong fiscal rules" in place and that "after Covid, there is a question of what we can afford going into that election". DON'T MISS Have your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM? [REACT]Boris WILL make a comeback and here's how says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT]Smug Starmer's plot to seize on Tory leadership chaos FAILING [REVEAL] The Labour leader also said he will again tell his shadow frontbench not to go on the picket lines outside railway stations during upcoming strikes. He added: "It's quite open to people to express their support for working people who are struggling to pay their bills, but I'm very clear that the Labour Party in opposition needs to be the Labour Party in power. "And a Government doesn't go on picket lines, a Government tries to resolve disputes... "I'm so frustrated with our Government because they could step in and help solve the dispute... I think the Government just wants to feed on the division".