Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko is said to be 'excited' about the prospect of reuniting with Mikel Arteta at Arsenal this summer as a switch grows increasingly likely. The Gunners are in talks over a £35million deal to sign Zinchenko, with Arteta looking to his former employers again for his fifth summer signing. Arsenal have reportedly already started discussions over the 25-year-old's personal terms, doing so simultaneously with their contact with Man City over agreeing a transfer fee. The north Londoners hope to swiftly close the deal with less than a month to go until the 2022/23 season begins and Arteta eyeing midfield reinforcements. All signs point toward Zinchenko accepting a move to the Emirates Stadium. According to CBS, Man City are open to cashing in on the Ukraine international, and he's looking forward to working with Arteta again, albeit in a different setting. The Spanish boss has even been described as a 'big factor' in Zinchenko's willingness to ditch the trophy-laden haven under Pep Guardiola, similarly to Gabriel Jesus. The report adds that despite short negotiations, there is now growing confidence at Arsenal that the deal will happen. JUST IN: Man Utd's Marcus Rashford aims brutal 'history' dig at Man City  Zinchenko is likely open to sacrificing Champions League football and almost guaranteed trophies at the Etihad Stadium for the opportunity of more regular game time. He has been an important part of Guardiola's squad since joining from Ufa in 2016 but is widely considered a rotation player. His versatility would've undoubtedly attracted Arteta, given he can operate as a left-back, central midfielder and attacking midfielder. And with Arsenal back in the Europa League this season, his presence and that exact trait will help counter a hectic schedule further intensified by the winter World Cup in Qatar. READ MORE: Arsenal respond as Man City make Saka No 1 target to replace Sterling  With Kieran Tierney prone to injuries and Nuno Tavares uninspiring in his debut season in England, Zinchenko could well act as Arteta's first-choice left-back throughout the 2022/23 campaign. He more commonly plays in midfield for Ukraine, though, so Arteta could view him as competition for the likes of Granit Xhaka, Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny. Given Arsenal have also signed FC Porto playmaker Fabio Viera in a £34m deal this summer to compete with Martin Odegaard, Zinchenko isn't likely to see much game time in attacking midfield. His Emirates arrival carries plenty of intrigue, and his eagerness to join Arsenal will certainly fill supporters with encouragement.