Manchester United new boy Tyrell Malacia has explained how Feyenoord academy coach Robin van Persie played a big part in his move to Old Trafford. The left-back is set to leave the Rotterdam club after reportedly putting pen to paper on a deal with United - and an announcement is expected imminently. “I always followed Manchester United because Robin van Persie played there and he was a Feyenoord player,” Malacia told the Mirror. “He was a lad who came from the academy at Feyenoord too - just like me. That's why I got an extra feeling with this club.” Malacia has become a star player in the Netherlands after breaking into the Feyenoord team at the end of 2017. The 22-year-old has been at the Dutch club for the last 15 years and progressed through their academy before signing professional terms. And during his time in the youth team, the ace got a taste of what life could be like in Manchester when he travelled to England for a tournament. “In the youth team of Feyenoord we played a youth tournament at United years ago - and I was so impressed by everything,” the Netherlands international continued. “I said to myself, ‘I’ll come back here one day.’ That has now come true and that is, of course, wonderful. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival    “This is one of the biggest clubs in the world, with a fantastic stadium and a wonderful history - and of course with a lot of top players who have played here. I am proud but also very grateful that I get this opportunity.” Malacia was in Manchester on Monday to complete his medical and sign his United paperwork. And the defender is set to become the first signing of the Erik ten Hag era as the club’s new boss looks to overhaul his squad and restore the team to their former glory. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS)   Ten Hag quit his job with Ajax to take the helm at Old Trafford as he succeeded interim manager Ralf Rangnick earlier this summer. And Malacia has admitted he’s looking forward to working with his compatriot. “Mr Ten Hag is a very good coach and also a warm person, so I had a good conversation with him and I have a very good connection with him,” the player added. “That's important because if all goes well we'll be working together for many years. I'm looking forward to that because I think I can learn a lot from him. He has a record for improving players individually as long as they are prepared to work hard.” 