Cristiano Ronaldo’s future at Manchester United is currently up in the air. He feels the club aren’t ambitious enough, something that appears to be backed up by their lack of transfer activity so far. And it appears Premier League moves for Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland have pushed him closer to the exit door, with the duo rocking up at Liverpool and Manchester City respectively. News broke on Saturday that, after just a year of being back at Old Trafford, Ronaldo was keen to leave United behind. The Portugal international is unsure over the club’s ambition, particularly given they’ve failed to make any summer signings so far despite advanced interest in the likes of Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia. Ronaldo has, for some time now, been in the spotlight. Though he scored 24 goals across all competitions with United, his return coincided with the club’s worst-ever Premier League season. And it appears that Nunez and Haaland have pushed him closer to the exit door, especially when you factor in a recent report. Spanish newspaper AS said last month that the 37-year-old was ‘worried’ by the Red Devils’ slow start to the summer. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Having seen team-mates such as Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Edinson Cavani all depart, a spending spree was expected. But, still, United are yet to announce any new recruits. Ronaldo feels the Red Devils need a big rebuild, especially given how they finished sixth in the Premier League table last term. And it was stated that Ronaldo feared Haaland and Nunez could take the likes of City and Liverpool on to even greater heights. United had been eyeing Haaland themselves, especially when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge with the 49-year-old previously managing the striker at Molde. But, as their season imploded last term, the Red Devils never stood a realistic chance of bringing the 21-year-old in. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Haaland has instead moved to City, the club where his father Alf-Inge previously spent some of the best years of his career. And there’s a sense his move to the Etihad will make Pep Guardiola’s side even more formidable as they look to dominate for years to come. Regarding Nunez, United were eyeing the forward earlier in the transfer window after his fine goalscoring exploits for Benfica. The 22-year-old scored 34 goals across all competitions last season, establishing himself as one of the best young forwards in the whole of world football. But United walked away from a deal believing his price tag to be far too high. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team That enabled Liverpool to agree a deal instead, with Nunez poised to become Jurgen Klopp’s talisman at Anfield for many years to come. Premier League moves for the pair appear to have added to Ronaldo’s frustrations as he seeks the exit door. But the Glazers fear a backlash and, at the current moment in time, don’t appear ready to let him go. Erik ten Hag is reportedly keen to land Antony if Ronaldo departs, having previously managed the Brazil international at Ajax. Yet the Eredivisie giants have made it clear they’ll only part ways with the Brazil international for a fee in the region of £70million. Even if United jettison Ronaldo, that appears steep. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Danny Murphy, speaking earlier in the year, expressed a belief the Red Devils would be better off without the 37-year-old in their side. "Something radical needs to change at Manchester United even if it means important players like Cristiano Ronaldo being sold,” he said. “You have to be careful dealing with superstars on big contracts, it’s better to find other takers before you fall out with them. "You can’t question Ronaldo’s quality but he’s 37 and, despite his goals, United don’t have balance as a team. “They rely on Ronaldo’s individual brilliance, which can work in some games, but doesn’t against the best teams in the Premier League and Champions League."