At the time the show aired on July 6, a total of 38 MPs had resigned over Mr Johnson's refusal to back down as Prime Minister following the latest public outcry over Chris Pincher. Piers Morgan, 57, clutched a piglet as he opened the show, stating Johnson was "a piglet running out of grease," as he fumed at the Prime Minister's adamant refusal to budge. However, viewers and animal rights groups have since responded to the decision to use a live pig, with a spokesperson from animal organisation PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) labelling it as "cruel" in a statement to Express.co.uk. As he clutched the animal, the broadcaster commented: "Good evening, on Piers Morgan: Uncensored tonight, Boris Johnson must go," he said. "The greased piglet of politics has slipped and squirmed through almost three disastrous years of disorder and deceit." As the pig appeared relatively at ease, the journalist continued: "38 resignations in two days have butchered his government ad tonight, surely, nothing can now save his bacon." The pig casually rested in Piers' arms as he blinked at the camera before the titles rolled. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film Later, the pig had gone as Piers addressed Mr Johnson directly, stating: "Tonight you lie in your Downing Street sty, refusing to go, behaving like the very greasy piglet the Daily Mail put on its front page last night." However, viewers instantly took to social media to question the cruelty of bringing a pig to a television studio. Animal welfare groups also condemned the action, urging the presenter to leave animals out of his political statements. Jennifer White, media and communications manager for PETA, stated: "When I called Piers Morgan a pig on Good Morning Britain, I explained to him that they’re highly intelligent, sensitive animals, so he should know better than to use them as props for his shtick. "A loud, bright studio is no place for a piglet. PETA urges the show’s producers to implement a no-animal policy to prevent more animals from being dragged into a stressful situation that’s entirely unsuitable for them. "Furthermore, the phrase “greased piglet” has cruel origins, referring to a fairground game in which terrified animals were covered in grease and chased by the public – the “winner” being whoever could catch the exhausted animal. "All media, including Morgan’s show, would be wise to nix this lingo from their coverage of the ongoing situation in Parliament and leave intelligent pigs out of it." Angry viewers also slammed the decision, with many flooding social media with questions. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh hits out at Anne Hegerty over 'team dummy' remark [VIDEO]Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield confirm This Morning break [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip's Paul Martin on importance of family heirlooms [EXCLUSIVE] Twitter user @simonelhanna posted: "Imagine being a Talk producer, completely at a loss for upping your viewership, and your best idea is to have Piers Morgan randomly hold a pig." @BanLivExport penned: "Is the pig ok? F* him more worried about the piglet." (sic) Mike Hammerswitch wrote: "Piers brought a pig onto his show as a sort of joke, I think the point being made is that it's unnecessary to use animals as a prop on a tv show." "Definitely unnecessary but I'm sure the pig was fine," @RedemptionBroon argued. @SBillingsST messaged Piers to say: "Show animals some respect you clown." @LiLeiLou shared: "Calling the RSPCA immediately to get that poor pig away from Piers Morgan." Em_meh added: "Pigs are actually really kind and lovely. Unlike him." Since the controversial show, more MPs resigned and on Thursday Boris Johnson agreed to resign as Conservative Party leader. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Mondays to Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.