North Korea's Supreme leader also launched a blistering attack on conservatives in South Korea including President Yoon Suk-yeol. In a furious tirade he slammed the "disgusting thugs" and "warmongers" in Yoon's administration.  According to the official KCNA news agency, Kim argued that South Korea was pushing towards the brink of war as he marked the 69th anniversary of the armistice that ended the Korean war. "Our armed forces are thoroughly prepared to respond to any crisis, and our nation's nuclear war deterrence is also fully ready to mobilise its absolute strength faithfully, accurately and promptly to its mission", he said. The speech came after Seoul and Washington had warned that Pyongyang had completed preparations to conduct its first nuclear test since 2017. South Korea's unification minister in charge of inter-Korean affairs said on Tuesday there was a "possibility" of the test around the anniversary of the armistice.  However, a military official argued that there were no immediate signs that it would take place. South Korea's Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that North Korea would face stronger sanctions including measures targeting its cyberattack capabilities should the test take place. In his speech, Kim said the US continues "dangerous, illegal hostile acts" with South Korea against the North, and seeks to justify its behaviour by "demonising" North Korea. North Korea has long accused the US of double standards over its military activities and hostile policy towards the country. READ MORE: : Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenaries  According to Pyongyang this prevents the restart of talks aimed at dismantling the country's nuclear and missile programme in exchange for sanctions relief. In his speech, the Workers Party leader said that US military exercises was a "robbery" that could lead to "conflict". He added: "The duplex act of the United States, which is misleading all the routine actions of our armed forces as 'provocation' and 'threat' while holding large-scale joint military exercises that seriously threaten our security, is literally a robbery. "That is driving bilateral relations to the point where it is difficult to turn back, into a state of conflict." DON'T MISS: EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity [REVEAL] Ukraine delivers Russia hammerblow as they trap troops in Kherson [INSIGHT] Benidorm holiday fury as OAPs perform SEX ACT on bench  [SPOTLIGHT]  Kim also slammed South Korea's new conservative President Yoon Suk-yeol, arguing that "warmongers" and "disgusting thugs" in his administration were determined to push ahead with confrontational military activity. Their "heinous confrontational policy" toward Pyongyang and "toadyish, treacherous acts" are pushing the situation to the brink of war, he added. Yoon has vowed to complete the so-called "Kill Chain" system that calls for pre-emptive strikes against the North's missiles and possibly its leadership if an imminent attack from North Korea is detected. However, Kim argued such behaviour would lead to Yoon and his supporters being "annihilated". He said: "If you think you can counter us militarily and pre-emptively neutralise or destroy part of our military power. "Such a dangerous attempt will immediately be punished by a powerful force, and Yoon Suk-yeol's government and his army will be annihilated." 