Rafael Nadal has been spotted dancing away his injury concerns, after the Spaniard took to an Ibiza nightclub following his recent withdrawal from Wimbledon. Nadal was heartbreakingly forced to pull out of the SW19 event after sustaining yet another injury.  The Spanish star was set to take on Aussie star Nick Kyrgios in the semi-final of the tournament after battling through the pain barrier to see off Taylor Fritz in the last eight. However, the abdominal problem picked up in his quarter-final win resulted in him withdrawing from his clash. The day before his final four match with Kyrgios, Nadal revealed to the world’s media that he felt he didn’t have the fitness in him to compete in two matches in order to win the title. He said: “It’s obvious that if I keep going, the injury is going to get worse and worse… “I made my decision because I believe I can’t win two matches. I don’t want to go out there and not be competitive enough to play at the level I need to to achieve my goal.” His Wimbledon woes were not the first time the Spaniard has struggled with his fitness over the past year. MUST READ: Joe Biden called out by American politician amid Novak Djokovic US Open stand-off As a result, many have questioned just how long Nadal has been at the top of his game due to his constant battle with injury. It seems the 22-time Grand Slam champion has found a new way to overcome his issues, after he was seen enjoying a dance out in an Ibiza nightclub. Since being uploaded onto TikTok the video has been viewed over two million times in just three days, attracting just under 100,000 likes. Nadal’s fans were unsurprisingly over the moon to see him out looking healthy and enjoying himself following his recent disappointment. DON'T MISS: Taking to the comments section one fan - @markr03 - wrote: “We love you Rafael,” whilst @palace276 had plenty of praise, adding: “The King… Forever.” In spite of his Wimbledon injury it is expected that the 22-time Grand Slam champion will return to the ATP Tour in early August at the Rogers Cup. Discussing Nadal’s entry, tournament director Eugene Lapierre said: “Nadal really wants to come to Montreal and his hotel rooms are already booked. He was sent a crate of balls to use during the tournament to prepare. He should return to training on Monday." 