The United Kingdom has officially been announced as the host of next year’s Eurovision Song Contest after reaching an agreement with this year’s winner, Ukraine. However, it is still unconfirmed which city the world’s biggest music competition will be taking place. The BBC has officially announced next year’s Eurovision Song Contest will be held in the UK. In a new statement, they said: “It is a matter of great regret that our colleagues and friends in Ukraine are not able to host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest. “Being asked to host the largest and most complex music competition in the world is a great privilege. “The BBC is committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity." READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims “The BBC will now begin the process to find a host city to partner with us on delivering one of the most exciting events to come to the UK in 2023.” A host city is expected to be announced before the end of the year, and several major locations in the UK are in the running. The official Eurovision website has confirmed no city has been ruled out just yet. They said: “Next year’s Host City will be chosen in the coming months following a bidding process to be launched this week. “Bidding is expected to be competitive, with several mayors, councillors and MPs already informally expressing an intention to bid, including representatives from: Aberdeen, Belfast, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool, London, Newcastle, Nottingham, Sheffield, Swindon and Wolverhampton. “Of course, not all of these locations will formally apply, and the BBC and the EBU will await official approaches and applications from this week onwards, publishing the long-list later in the Summer.” The capital has already held the contest four times, so a new arena could be chosen when Eurovision returns to the UK. DON'T MISS:GB News sparks uproar over claims Meghan was ‘on manhunt’ [COMMENT]GB News viewer fume France ‘punishing UK’ for EU exit [OPINION]Rick Grimes movie cancellation explained by The Walking Dead boss [INSIGHT] The UK last hosted the contest in 1998, when it was held in Birmingham. Bidding will begin this week, with all cities in the UK invited to apply to host the contest by emailing esc.hostcity@bbc.co.uk. More information will be released shortly, with a decision expected to be reached by this autumn. Next year will mark the first time in over two decades the Eurovision Song Contest is held in the UK. The contest will break tradition with the second-place winner taking on hosting duties due to Ukraine’s ongoing war with Russia. On Twitter, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said: “[It is an] absolute privilege and honour for the UK to be supporting our friends.” In a statement, she added: “The Eurovision Song Contest unites people through the power of music and creativity. “Following a request from the European Broadcasting Union and the Ukrainian authorities, I’m delighted that the BBC has agreed to step in and host next year's contest. “I'm just sorry that due to Russia's continued acts of bloodshed it has not been possible to host the event in Ukraine, where it should be. “As hosts, the UK will honour the competition's spirit and diversity, and most importantly, ensure it reflects Ukraine’s recent Eurovision victory and Ukrainian creativity.”