Most savers currently pay no income tax on the interest they earn from bank and building society deposits, thanks to a tax break introduced in 2016 called the personal savings allowance (PSA). That is swiftly changing as savings rates rise and many now face a shock tax bill. The more interest you earn from your cash savings, the greater the danger. Once you earn too much, HMRC will swoop. A growing number of accounts offer rates of between 3 percent and 5 percent, but higher rates could bring a higher tax bill unless you plan ahead. Last week Nationwide said it will raise rates across its savings accounts. Its FlexDirect current account now pays new customers 5 percent on balances up to £1,500 for the first 12 months. Yorkshire Building Society also pays 5 percent on deposits of up to £500 a month for one year, although its limited issue Loyalty Regular Saver is only available to members who have a savings account or a mortgage. More top rates will follow. The Bank of England is expected to accelerate base rate increases at its next meeting on August 4, increasing them by 0.5 percent instead of the usual 0.25 percent. That would lift the base rate from 1.25 percent today to 1.75 percent, and savings rates will shoot up again. This will push more savers into HMRC’s clutches and many will not realise the danger until it is too late. The PSA was introduced by former Chancellor George Osborne in April 2016. It allows basic-rate 20 percent taxpayers to earn £1,000 interest a year before they pay income tax. Higher-rate 40 percent taxpayers can earn £500 a year in savings interest, although additional rate 45 percent taxpayers do not benefit. READ MORE: Savers may be able to get 500 times more interest on their savings A basic-rate taxpayer who earns interest of 1.5 percent a year needs more than £67,000 in savings before breaching the PSA. As a result, most don’t pay tax on their savings. Higher-rate taxpayers would need £33,500 of savings earning 1.5 percent before they pay tax on their interest. Yet Aldermore Bank now pays 3 percent a year on its two-year fixed-rate bond, on deposits between £1,000 and £1 million. Savers who get 3 percent a year would breach the PSA with just £33,300 in savings, falling to £16,650 for a higher-rate taxpayer. DON'T MISS:Pensioners furious after a 10% state pension rise is slammed [REVEAL]BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming [ANALYSIS]State pension age 'should be moved to 75' as 'people can work longer' [INSIGHT] A basic-rate taxpayer who secured a 5 percent return would hit the PSA with just £20,000 of savings, falling to £10,000 for a higher-rate taxpayer. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to freeze income tax thresholds for five years only adds to the danger. This will push millions into a higher rate tax bracket, at which point their PSA will shrink or disappear altogether. Government figures forecast a 44 percent leap in the number of people in the higher-rate tax band and a 50 percent increase in those hitting the additional rate band. The risk of reaching the PSA will continue to grow, says Andrew Hagger, savings expert at MoneyComms.co.uk. “As rates rise, more will suddenly face an unexpected tax bill, unless they take action.” Anyone who thinks they are going to breach the allowance should consider move their savings into a tax-free cash Isa, Hagger added. “Every UK adult can pay up to £20,000 into an Isa each year, so a couple can shelter £40,000 between them.” Cash Isas have fallen out of favour but may soon come back into fashion.