This unique and special experience is staged in conjunction with the creators of the BBC series - and it shows from the very start. Pushing through a laundry and emerging on the streets of 1921 Camden feels spectacularly surreal, thanks to how well the gritty ambiance of the show is recreated. Stables, bars, shady backrooms, a boxing ring and the Italian gangster-run Eden Club offer a dazzling array of choices. The atmosphere is quickly filled with live music before a host of scenes begin unfolding in the middle of the crowds and on the bar tops. At times the audience can be heard gasping as a pair of angry men “fighting” stumbled across the rooms as they grappled. Other times, a baker boy hat-sporting cast member would intact with an unsuspecting onlooker in hopes for a suitable answer to continue the dialogue and lead them to the next room. London crime kingpin Charles "Darby" Sabini deserves an honourable mention for his quick-witted interaction with crowd members, causing as much exhilaration as menacing fear. A similarly eccentric Alfie Solomons required closer inspection as he was so similar in mannerisms and intonation to Tom Hardy’s on-screen version - something that feels important to point out considering all the cast members seemed picked to flawlessly mirror their TV counterparts. It's a heady and head-spinning experience to be so fully immersed in the world and characters of a show you have loved and watched for years on television. The beautifully recreated sets and costumes are as impressive as the performances and provide endless delights, big and small, at every turn. While the TV show itself may not be everyone’s cup of tea, those who were selfless enough to accompany their fanatic friends will find plenty to enjoy, especially the live performances by the talented singers who masterfully engaged the crowds throughout the different scenes. A pick of the most upbeat and recognisable songs from the series’ superb anachronistic soundtrack - which features the likes of The White Stripes, Radiohead and Johnny Cash - also ensured that even the shyest would get involved in the fun. From the start, everyone can choose how much or little to engage, from watching wide-eyed to actually interacting directly with Tommy, Alfie and the rest, living out your inner gangster. Overall, this is a truly unmissable experience for any Peaky Blinders fan who knows the intricacies of the Shelbys' manoeuvres in London. However, it must be highlighted that it is not recommended for those who haven’t watched the first few seasons of the programme and are familiar with each of the main characters, unless they are accompanied by someone who has. It should also be noted that the use of strong language and violent scenes would make Peaky Blinders: The Rise unsuitable for children under 14, as it should be. For the rest of us, quite simply, this is a blinder of a show. PEAKY BLINDERS THE RISE - TICKETS AND INFORMATION 