During Wednesday’s instalment of the Channel 4 show, viewers were taken to Western Costa del Sol where Jennie was looking for her dream holiday home. Bringing along friend Kate, she was on the hunt for a two-bedroom property with a budget of £85,000.  At the start of the episode, viewers learnt that the money Jennie would be spending on her Spanish holiday home was from her mother’s inheritance. She told Laura she had wanted to own a property in the Costa del Sol for years and wants it to be a place for her friends to use as well as herself. The host asked Jennie what she was looking for on their search with the guest admitting she ideally wanted somewhere with two-bedrooms. She also revealed that she’s not big into DIY which tasked Laura to find a place that needs little work done.   The host asked: “I know you have a budget of £85,000, have you got any room to move with that?” Jennie replied: “The only wiggle room I’ve got is about £2,500, so £87,500 is the max I would be prepared to go to and can go to.” Laura told her guest that what she was looking for with that amount of money may be a bit unrealistic. She said: “I have to give you a serious reality check, a budget of under £90,000 for a two-bedroom property is going to be exceptionally tough!”   “In terms of your budget we are definitely going to have to have some flexibility,” Laura told Jennie. Taking that into consideration, Jennie admitted that she could compromise on a one-bedroom if it meant being in the hub of a community. However, she also told Laura that she wouldn’t mind going slightly further afield if she could get somewhere with two-bedrooms. She said: “As long as I can get a taxi in [to the town] that’s about 15 minutes so I can have one big night out and spend the rest of the time recovering in a nice quieter place that still has its own restaurants and is easily accessible, that would be perfect.”   After looking at different properties, Laura showed Jennie and Kate the final place which was a two-bedroom apartment in Alboran Hills. Before entering, Jennie said she had a good feeling about it as she liked the location and the outside pool. The apartment had been on the market for a few months and was valued at £93,220 at the time the show was filmed. At the end of the show, it was time for Laura to find out what Jennie had decided to do.   She revealed that after looking at the apartment, she timed how long it would take to walk to the marina which was around 45 minutes. Jennie told Laura that was her main concern as she wanted to live somewhere a bit closer to a busy area when she retires in a few years. Viewers then learnt that the next day Jennie had put in an offer of £70,000 which was £20,000 under the original asking price. The owners came back with a counter offer which she declined as it was over her budget. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 3pm.  