Network Rail Chair Sir Peter Hendy said that despite having “made some offers” to the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT), which ought to be acting as the intermediary between the employer and the transport employees, “none of them have ever been put to their members”. He insinuated this had become a political issue and that Network Rail, and indeed the public, had been caught “in the middle of a challenge to the Government”, which he did not believe was fair. On Wednesday, rail workers went on strike again this summer causing huge delays and cancellations across the UK.    Sir Peter said: “Well, we would like the RMT to make the offer that we have made to them to their members. “This is the fourth day of dispute, we’ve made some offers, none of them have ever been put to their members. “We think that it is quite unfair that the union leadership is not allowing the members to understand what it is that we are able to offer them. “We’re offering a two-year, eight percent deal with benefits and bonuses on the table. No compulsory redundancy and 75 percent discounted travel.    “That’s not a bad package, in these circumstances, bearing in mind that nobody on the railway line was furloughed during Covid and the Government plunged £16billion into the railway to keep it going.” Mr Ferrari said: “You have been in and around transport your entire working life. Is it your sense that the members of the union might actually go for this?” Sir Peter said: “Well, we think they deserve to be able to at least consider it. We think we’re in the middle of a challenge to the Government. That’s the RMT’s business. “But, actually, we’re trying to run the railway and we’re trying to run it in very difficult financial circumstances after Covid, with high inflation. “And we are trying to do a deal for our staff who deserve decent pay and conditions to give them as much as we can.” READ MORE: BBC Breakfast skewers Labour MP over Mick Lynch support [REVEAL]   Rail passengers were suffering fresh travel chaos on Wednesday as thousands of workers walked out on strike, crippling services across the country. Disputes in the bitter row over jobs, pay, pensions and conditions are worsening, with more strikes in the coming days, and a wave of industrial action planned next month on the railways and London Underground. Only around one in five trains will run on Wednesday, on around half the network, with some areas having no trains all day. Picket lines were being mounted outside train stations as members of RMT at Network Rail and 14 train operators went on strike. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said union members were more determined than ever to secure a decent pay rise, job security, and good working conditions. DON'T MISS: Train strikes LIVE: 'Sack them all!' Fury at commuter chaos [LIVE] Train strike dates 2022: When are the next rail strikes?   [INSIGHT] UK faces MORE strike misery as SEVEN train firms confirm action [REVEAL]    He said: “Network Rail have not made any improvement on their previous pay offer and the train companies have not offered us anything new. “In fact, Network Rail have upped the ante, threatening to impose compulsory redundancies and unsafe 50 percent cuts to maintenance work if we did not withdraw our planned strike action. “The Government need to stop their interference in this dispute so the rail employers can come to a negotiated settlement with us.” Transport secretary Grant Shapps said in response: “This country's taxpayers stumped up £600 per household to ensure not a single rail worker lost their job during the pandemic, but many of those very same people will be forced into losing a day's wages through no fault of their own but because of stubborn union leaders' refusals to modernise. “Union bosses will claim they're willing to do a deal but how can anyone take them seriously when, earlier this month, the RMT dismissed a Network Rail offer worth 8 percent over the next two years without even consulting their members.” READ NEXT: Is the train strike going ahead this week? Full list of dates, routesTravel chaos: UK to grind to a halt AGAIN – ALL you need to knowRail strikers on track to blight Games joy - EXPRESS COMMENTRail strikes WILL go ahead - Britain to be hit by more travel miseryPoor public sector productivity is holding back Britain LEN SHACKLETON  