Veteran TV presenter Melvyn Bragg opened up about his "15 months of horrible bad health" during which he experienced "a couple of cancers" and a collapsed lung. The star, who presented The South Bank Sky Awards ceremony at The Savoy Hotel earlier this month, said he had a "rotten time for two or three years". Melvyn revealed his health issues in response to a question about “looking tired” back in 2020. The 82-year-old explained: “Well, I didn’t go on about it and I’m not going to go on about it now. "I had a rotten time for two or three years. "I had a couple of cancers, I had a collapsed lung, I had all sorts of things." A year previously, in 2019, he said: "I’ve had 15 months of horrible bad health. READ MORE: Diabetes: The drink that's 'so beneficial' - lowers blood sugar by 30% "And I’m not quite clear of cancer yet. But I’m well on the way. But that depletes you. "I had viral pneumonia, a collapsed lung, a new hip. The cancer was very nasty.” However, his health has been improving over the last couple of years, allowing him to return to some hosting work. Speaking to the Radio Times, he said: “But I seem to have got through. “I try to walk every day, and that’s building up. “My wife tells me what to do. You get through these things if you’re lucky.” Cancer can take on many forms and so, as a result, there are numerous symptoms associated with the disease. Some of these are more noticeable than others, and many can be easily missed in the disease's early stages. According to the NHS: "It's important to be aware of any new or worrying symptoms. "Although it's unlikely to be cancer, it's important to speak to a GP so they can investigate. Finding cancer early means it's easier to treat. "If your GP suspects cancer, they'll refer you to a specialist – usually within two weeks." If you notice changes to your bowel habits lasting longer than three weeks, you should speak to your GP. These can include: If you experience bloating for three weeks or more you should speak to a GP. Any unexplained or unexpected bleeding should be referred to your GP. Unexpected bleeding can be found in your urine, when coughing or in your vomit. DON'T MISSHow to live longer: The single food that slashes risk of death by 42% [REPORT]Saffron supplement reduces stress and anxiety in men  [INSIGHT]Vitamin D supplements: New study casts doubts on benefits of the pills [EXPLAINER] Speak to a GP if you've had a cough or any associated symptom for three weeks or more. If you notice unusual or unexpected lumps within your body you should speak to your GP. You should also pay attention to any lumps changing in size. The NHS said: "It’s important to regularly check your breasts, underarms, groin and testicles for any new lumps or changes. Speak to a GP if you have a mole that: You should also speak to a GP if you've lost a lot of weight over the last couple of months which cannot be explained by changes to your diet, exercise or stress. If you experience pain anywhere in your tummy or back and you’re not sure what’s causing it, you should speak to your GP. This includes a dull pain that’s always there or a sharp pain that comes and goes. Some cancers can give you indigestion, heartburn and acid reflux. This can feel like burning in your chest (heartburn) and make you burp or hiccup more than usual. Speak to a GP if you get any of these symptoms regularly and are not sure why you’re getting them. Itchy skin, a yellow tinge to your skin or the whites of your eyes can be a sign of jaundice. You may also notice darker urine. With some cancers, the symptoms can be harder to notice. If you notice you are feeling weaker than usual, more tired or unwell, you should visit your GP.