Arsenal could be set to boast a hugely talented side next season if Mikel Arteta manages to land N'Golo Kante and at least one additional new signing over the coming weeks and months. The Gunners have already welcomed four new faces this summer, with Marquinhos, Matt Turner, Fabio Vieira and Gabriel Jesus all having joined the club's ranks since the end of last season. Arsenal are not expected to stop there, though, with a number of other exciting players having been linked with moves to the Emirates Stadium in recent weeks. Chelsea midfielder Kante has reportedly emerged as a surprise target for the north Londoners, who are said to be hoping to snap him up before the expiry of his contract at Stamford Bridge in a year's time.Those in command at Arsenal are also believed to be chasing the addition of Benfica defender Alex Grimaldo in order to provide Kieran Tierney with some extra cover at left-back when the new campaign gets underway. Reports have claimed that an opening bid has already been submitted for the 26-year-old, who will also be out of contract next summer as things stand.With that in mind, Express Sport takes a look at the Arsenal side that could threaten the Premier League's big hitters next season if Kante and Grimaldo are signed in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Man Utd insiders raise Cristiano Ronaldo suspicion after bonus payment Aaron Ramsdale has emerged as one of Arsenal's most important assets since joining the club from Sheffield United last summer. He made the No 1 spot his own with a string of hugely impressive performances over the course of last season and will undoubtedly reprise his usual role between the sticks next time around.His newly-found status as an undroppable at Arsenal appears to have accelerated the expected departure of Bernd Leno, who looks set to join Premier League new boys Fulham before the on-pitch action gets back underway. Matt Turner, therefore, will be poised to play a back-up role to Ramsdale for the foreseeable future and should get a number of chances to impress in cup matches over the coming months. Grimaldo could be set to challenge Kieran Tierney for a starting spot at Arsenal if he is snapped up by the Gunners this summer. He has established himself as one of Benfica's best performers over the last few seasons but it remains to be seen how he would adapt to the Premier League, which is often a make-or-break step for Europe's most talented stars to take.The rest of Arsenal's back four is likely to remain unchanged, with Gabriel Magalhaes and Ben White expected to rekindle their centre-back partnership when the new season finally begins. Takehiro Tomiyasu could also be poised to retain his first-choice spot on the right-hand side after impressing in the position for the vast majority of the previous campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Arsenal's midfield would be drastically improved with the addition of Kante, who is widely considered to be among the best defensively-minded players on the planet. He is hugely experienced in the Premier League and in Europe and would be a far better alternative in the middle of the park to the likes of Granit Xhaka and Albert Sambi Lokonga.Kante's arrival would also allow Vieira to flourish alongside Martin Odegaard as Arsenal's main creative outlets behind their forward line. The Gunners are reportedly yet to firm up their interest in the Chelsea man, though, which suggests that a deal to secure his signature remains some way off at this stage of proceedings. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Jesus will almost certainly be the man to lead the line for Arsenal next season after joining the club from Manchester City earlier this month. He bagged two goals in his first pre-season outing with his new team against Nurnberg on Friday and will be desperate to carry his form over into the new Premier League campaign when it kicks off in early August.The Brazilian forward will be flanked by Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka, who will be hoping to chip in with plenty of goals and assists of their own. The latter in particular has been among the division's best-performing attackers in recent years and will be looking to kick on and maintain his pivotal role for Arsenal over the course of next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here