Stains can occur on wooden floors as well as carpet and it can be worrying when they occur. Luckily, there are lots of different methods to tackle stains, depending on the surface they happened on. Nic Shacklock from online-bedrooms.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more annoying than spilling red wine on the carpet or getting greasy fingerprints on the sofa. “The good news is they can all be removed. “All you need is some patience and a few items you can find in your kitchen cupboards to help you. “Items like baking soda, vinegar, washing up liquid and even hairspray are brilliant at removing even the most stubborn of stains.” Water stains Spilling drinks is an easy mistake to make in the home, but can end up leaving horrible marks. To remove water stains from wood, the expert recommended using equal parts vinegar and olive oil. Nic said: “Apply using a cloth, wiping in the direction of the wood grain until the stain has gone.” If the stains are very dark, it means the water has gone deeper and you may need to refinish the whole surface. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Red wine If a spillage has occurred, the expert recommended blotting with a kitchen towel. He said: “Do not rub and put salt on the area. Leave it for a few minutes and it should lift out the stain. “Vaccum to remove. Another tip to try is by covering the stain with more wine - white this time. “The white wine works by stripping the dark pigment from the red wine stain.” DON'T MISS:‘Common’ lawn mistakes to avoid this summer - ‘unnecessary stress’ [EXPERT]Property: Top home improvements buyers could be looking for this year [INSIGHT]Washing: Mrs Hinch fans share laundry task to ‘always’ do [EXPLAINER] Candle wax Candle wax is one stain which is quite hard to get rid of. This is because it soaks into the fibres on the carpet. The expert said: “Start by removing any large pieces of hardened wax. Place a kitchen towel on top of any remaining and gently move heat across the towel.” This will help to lift the wax up from the carpet. READ MORE: ‘Virtually indestructible’ houseplants to buy this summer Mud Muddy footprints are one of the most common types of stains in the home, especially for those with carpet by their front doors. If you have muddy marks to remove, the expert recommended letting the mud dry first. Then, vacuum up as much as possible before mixing a tablespoon of washing up liquid with cool water. Place the solution on the mud and sponge the stain along with a clean cloth. Permanent markers Like candle wax, permanent markers can take a little bit of time to remove, but it is possible. The expert said: “Dampen the mark and then spray with a non-oil based hairspray. “Start to blot the stain with a piece of kitchen towel and you should begin to see the stain transfer.” Similarly for paint, soak it up with kitchen towel. If the paint is water-based, it should be easy to clean. If it isn’t, treat the mark with turps and rinse with water.