Arsenal and Newcastle United abandoned transfer pursuits of Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak this year for the same reason. Isak has flourished into one of Europe's most highly-rated young strikers, unsurprisingly making him much more challenging to recruit. In January, Arsenal eyed a striker signing, knowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette were leaving the club within the next six months. Isak emerged as a top target, alongside eventual Juventus arrival Dusan Vlahovic and Alvaro Morata, but the Gunners' interest ultimately came to no avail. With Eddie Howe pursuing a new striker this summer as part of his Newcastle revolution, Isak has been linked with a Premier League move once more. However, it is understood that the Magpies have now walked away from a potential transfer and are evaluating alternative options ahead of Howe's first full season at the helm. According to the Independent, Sociedad's strict stance on Isak's valuation was fatal in both instances. The report states the La Liga club continue to demand that any suitors must trigger his £76million release clause. Despite becoming the wealthiest club in world football under Saudi-backed ownership in October, Newcastle, like Arsenal, baulked at the asking price. JUST IN: Barcelona chief explains Frenkie de Jong sale decision Newcastle have already bolstered three positions this summer, getting to work early after splashing around £90m in January. Howe has welcomed Burnley goalkeeper Nick Pope and Lille centre-back Sven Botman to St. James' Park, as well as making Matt Targett's loan from Aston Villa permanent. But while the Magpies' budget is limited after their winter spree, they are keen for more attacking options in the form of a winger and striker. Moussa Diaby has been strongly linked to a move to Tyneside, but, again, Bayer Leverkusen's valuation is deemed too steep. READ MORE: Newcastle approach Sunderland in bid to snatch £1m-rated wonderkid Howe's desire to boost his personnel in the final third comes as no surprise after Newcastle struggled for goals in the Premier League last season. Callum Wilson, absent for extended periods after being hampered by his latest injuries, was the club's top scorer with eight goals, followed by Allan Saint-Maximin and January signing Bruno Guimaraes on five. After a relegation-threatened 2021/22 campaign, Newcastle will hope to build on their resurgence at the start of a new era and cement themselves as a top-half Premier League club this term. And despite their frustrating efforts to lure Isak to England, their attacker search likely isn't over yet.