Sara Damergi has been hosting A Place in the Sun on and off since 2012, taking a couple of breaks from the Channel 4 series to have her two children. Besides from presenting the property show, Sara also presented the Channel 4 series Coast vs. Country,  The Great Big British Quiz and The Paparazzi Show on MTV. So it's no wonder that viewers are eager to find out more about Sara's personal life away from the small screen. A Place in the Sun star Sara Damergi reportedly lives in southwest London with her partner and two young children. She was born in Beirut, Lebanon in 1980, to a Lebanese Muslim dad and a British mum. Sara had a terrifying start in life as her family was in the middle of the war-torn country. The experience became very real for all of them though when a bomb went off in front of her family's car when she was just three years old. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Due to the dangerous situation, Sara and her mum were flown out of Lebanon to the UK where they remained. They had "sleepless nights" though as her dad remained over there but thankfully, was later able to join them by getting a helicopter to Cyprus and then to Britain. "My dad was in the last war in 2006, but that was a lot of sleepless nights for me as well as I saw his building on the TV, so I was really scared it was going to get bombed any second," she told Express.co.uk last year. "It was just horrendous, but he's a British citizen so he came out on a helicopter to Cyprus, they got him out. "Things could have been much different if I didn't have a British mum, obviously, I wouldn't have had a route out," she explained. Sara stayed with her grandparents during the early years of her life who she described as "very British". Many of the presenter's family members still live in Lebanon, while her Swedish other half has relatives in both Sweden and Australia. They are the parents of two sons, four-year-old Oliver and two-year-old Elliot. Sara stepped back from her life in front of the camera in order to focus on her family. DON'T MISS...Deborah James crashed husband’s work call with sex toy and sieve [EXPLAINER]A Place in the Sun's Craig disappoints buyer with news' Not happy' [CAST]A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe issues housing warning [WARNING] Sara took a three-year break from APITS back in 2018, after originally joining the show around 10 years ago. This was part of her maternity leave but her hiatus was extended due to the coronavirus pandemic. It was during this time that the presenter went on to have her second son Elliot. Sara will be returning for another episode of A Place in the Sun this afternoon, Thursday, July 7. The description for the episode reads: "Suzi and Andrew from Barnsley, South Yorkshire, are looking for a holiday home in Charente, western France. "For their budget of £100,000, they'd like a rural property with three bedrooms that is still within walking distance of amenities. "Sara Damergi shows them five options to choose between that should meet their demands." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4.