Last Friday the European Commission decided to sue Hungary over what it sees as an anti-LGBT law as well as Budapest’s refusal to renew the license of government-critical talk radio station Klubradio. In response to the latest move, Hungarian Justice Minister Judit Varga said the Klubradio case did not undercut media freedom or plurality, while the Commission’s lawsuit over the LGBT law was “baseless”, since “EU membership does not affect Hungary's right in any way to make decisions of its own about child protection and in accordance with its national identity”. The latest battle concerns a law prohibiting the sharing of LGBT content in schools. In this ongoing culture war, Brussels sees itself standing up for inclusivity and minority rights, while Budapest (like Warsaw) sees itself as a staunch defender of traditional values and Christian ideals on the family. Poland has also been in hot water with Brussels over what has been described as ‘LGBT-free zones’ across the country. Around a third of Poland has passed resolutions declaring themselves free of “LGBT ideology”. For Hungary (and Poland, as well as other central and eastern European states within the EU) this is all part of a thinly-veiled attempt to impose what are seen as alien western European norms on unwilling conservative central and eastern Europeans. This all comes as the EU recently told Hungary and Poland to improve judicial and media independence as part of conditions to unlock billions in aid. According to Polish Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro – speaking at the time - “this is not about the rule of law”. He added: “It is about power, it is about overthrowing a government that has a democratic mandate”. Soon after coming to power, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán oversaw a new constitution with references to God and Christianity; funded Christian schools, and has since banned content deemed to promote LGBT issues to minors, none of which endeared him to Brussels, but which proved popular within Hungary and over which he is not going to back down. If the EU thinks it has problems now, by the way, any accession to the EU by conservative and nationalist Ukraine – which, thanks to its size, would have nine per cent of votes within the bloc – would further tilt the balance of power away from western Europe and towards the mainly Slavic eastern half of the EU. Ongoing disputes over the rule of law, tying EU funds to values, clashes over sovereignty and fundamental disagreements over how society should function – these are not the conditions for a happy political marriage. The time has surely come instead to consider a full partition of the EU into two separate political blocs, connected by trade but governed entirely separately. Indeed, most central and eastern European EU member states are not part of the eurozone, meaning extricating themselves from the EU could be much easier than for Greece or Italy. Meanwhile, most central and eastern European EU states will become net contributors to the bloc by 2030, rather than beneficiaries, something which is already beginning to change their calculation of the benefits of EU membership. Partition of the EU could allow for collaboration and connectedness where necessary, but allow both sides to be at peace politically. The latest clash with Hungary is just another footnote in this sad unhappy union. Tomorrow will bring something else. This is a toxic relationship which is making both sides increasingly miserable. Now, only an amicable split can preserve any hope of future friendship.