Boris Johnson faced a dressing down from Transport Committee Chair Huw Merriman during a bruising appearance in front of the Liasion Committee for the Prime Minister amid a flood of Government resignations. Mr Johnson muttered "nonsense" when challenged by the senior Conservative MP over whether a new leader should come in to run Downing Street "properly." Mr Merriman suggested there is "inertia" in No 10 over driving taxation policy because of the Prime Minister's faltering leadership. "Nonsense," said Mr Johnson. Mr Merriman replied: "You say it's nonsense but it's actually a nonsense that we've been waiting three months just for someone to sign off on something which fills four percent of the Exchequer - that's the nonsense. "Do you not agree that something should be done - or if you can't do it do you think that someone should come in and run it properly?" Mr Merrimen laster tweeted his letter calling for Mr Johnson to stand down during the Liaison Committee hearing. It comes as Fourteen ministers resigned as Boris Johnson haemorrhaged support on Wednesday, leaving his position as Prime Minister in grave doubt. The action came as reports suggested Cabinet minister Michael Gove had privately told Mr Johnson it was time for him to go. Mr Johnson did not deny that report when questioned by MPs but said "of course" he would still be Prime Minister on Thursday.  The mass resignation of ministers, along with a string of parliamentary aides, came after Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid quit their Cabinet posts on Tuesday evening. At Prime Minister's Questions, Mr Johnson said the "colossal mandate" he had been handed by voters in 2019 means he should keep going despite the "difficult circumstances" he faces. But Mr Javid's resignation statement in the House laid bare the scale of the problems facing the Prime Minister - and he challenged other Cabinet ministers to consider their positions. The Prime Minister stayed in the Commons chamber as former health secretary Mr Javid set out the reasons for his resignation, saying Mr Johnson was not going to change and "enough is enough". DON'T MISS:Where do the other members of Boris Johnson's cabinet now stand? [EXPLAINER]Queen looks pensive as she is spotted heading home to huge crisis [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson skewered by former ally in stark attack: 'Sort this out' [REPORT] Mr Javid said: "Treading the tightrope between loyalty and integrity has become impossible in recent months. "I will never risk losing my integrity." He said: "The problem starts at the top and I believe that is not going to change". In a message to Cabinet ministers who decided not to quit, he said: "Not doing something is an active decision."