Wendy, 79, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about how she discovered she was entitled to additional housing benefit, worth around £200 every month. Faced with a higher water bill like many households, this extra cash was vital for her as it took some pressure away from her. She said: “Money is incredibly tight for me at the moment. Whilst I have kept myself afloat over the last couple of years, the huge uplift in the cost of living has put me under considerable strain – both mentally and financially. “That’s why an annual increase of £60 a year in my water bills caused me serious concern. It might not be a lot to most people, but when you haven’t been able to afford a new pair of shoes in over two years, it is.” Wendy contacted Anglian Water as they introduced a support package to help those struggling to pay their water bills. They offer tailored support to those in need. They announced an unprecedented £65million package of tailored affordability support for customers this year as the cost of living crisis bites. Wendy continued: “The Anglian Water team analysed my finances and found out that I could be entitled to additional benefit. The team were so helpful and this will be life-changing. READ MORE: 'Get a higher rate of tax relief!' Pension Vs ISA - the 'more effective' savings vehicle To keep her costs down, Wendy asked the the housing association to replace her dripping taps. She had to cut down on daily showers and she explained that she won’t shower if she knows she doesn’t need to leave the house. Additionally, she uses her washing machine more sensibly in order to keep down the use of both water and electricity. After realising she was entitled to the extra cash, Wendy was “delirious”. She said: “Initially I was apprehensive about using their service especially because you need to do it online. Fortunately, I know how to use computers, however this can be really daunting for those unable to use computers and it is my biggest worry for those that are struggling. “That’s why I want to do as much as I can to let others know that this support was invaluable.” Wendy urged all Britons, especially those in retirement to check what benefits they may be entitled to. She continued: “I tell everyone who I can about the help that I received should they know anyone in difficulty too. “I was cutting down on food, clothes and seeing my friends so that I could pay my rent without having any knowledge that I could be paying less. “It’s made such a huge difference to my day to day life and I just want to ensure that as many people know as possible – especially at my age who are often suffering without knowing where to turn.” Age UK reports that £2.2billion of Pension Credit and benefits are left unclaimed by pensioners every year. According to research from Turn2Us, pensioners are the least likely to check what benefits they can claim, with 63 percent of them never having checked what they might be eligible for. The charity is urging people to check what they might be entitled to and to start the application process as soon as possible to avoid further financial hardships people may be dealing with.