The royal fan took to Instagram to share the card they received after writing to Charlotte for her seventh birthday back in May. The note from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge features a snap of their daughter along with a message. The message reads: "Thank you for the kind birthday message which you sent for Princess Charlotte's seventh birthday. "Princess Charlotte had a lovely day and your message was greatly appreciated by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge who send you their very best wishes." The royal fan posted a picture of the front and back of the card on their loopycrown3 Instagram account. They said: "A fantastic thank you postcard from the Cambridges. "Thanking me for sending birthday wishes to HRH Princess Charlotte of Cambridge for her 7th birthday. "A wonderful thank you message on the back of the postcard from TRH The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on behalf of HRH Princess Charlotte of Cambridge." The post received a string of likes and comments from other Instagram users. One with the username dddeborah_ wrote: "Congratulations. She’s so adorable." READ MORE: Kate opens up on Prince Louis' new passion Another, rebecca.dipino, said: "Congratulations I love the photo I hope mine arrives soon." A third, elmabruin24, added: "Congratulations!" One more, emma.s.letters, commented: "It's a lovely picture! My favourite of the three released." DON'T MISSWilliam needs 'huge trust' in Harry before making peace with SussexesCamilla spotted dancing at mini-carnival in London Royal POLL: Should Prince Harry ‘spike’ his upcoming memoir? The card features one of the three snaps William and Kate shared of their daughter for her birthday. A smiling Charlotte is sitting among bluebells in the picture taken by the Duchess in Norfolk. Kate is a keen amateur photographer and patron of the Royal Photographic Society. She regularly releases images she has taken of her children to mark milestones such as birthdays. Charlotte was born at the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London, on May 2 2015, weighing 8lb 3oz. She recently delighted royal fans with a series of appearances at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations alongside her parents and brothers Prince George and Prince Louis. It comes amid reports the Cambridges are moving to Windsor where George and Charlotte will start new schools in September. 