Halifax has shared that scams using the bank’s name to provide supposed legitimacy are on the up. As a result, Britons will need to be vigilant, and this is the case for a common scam currently circulating. Halifax stated: “We’ve noticed that fraudsters are using social media to offer bank card refunds. “Scams come in all shapes and sizes, and they keep changing to try and trick you.” The scam works in a simple but sadly effective way, which could convince many Britons. Fraudsters will post adverts on social media telling Britons they are able to secure them a refund for recent card transactions. READ MORE: Woman, 64, explains how she makes extra £800 per month One example of a message is: “Who’s got Lloyds or Halifax Bank account? “Get your card transactions refunded same day. Message me if you’re 18+ to make money!” However, this cannot be done, and is part of an elaborate ruse. Those who reply will be asked for their Online Banking details to supposedly process a refund. DON'T MISS‘Little-known’ pension tax rule could see you save on 25% tax charge [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak’s move means Britons reckon with 'increased tax burden' [INSIGHT]Pensioner ‘millionaires’ rise to 3 million - triple lock questioned [LATEST] Meanwhile, the fraudsters will harvest these details to set up a new mobile device on a person’s account. To get a refund, the fraudster will use the Mobile Banking app to dispute a genuine transaction. If the refund is made, the fraudsters then tries to steal it through the mobile banking app. Alternatively, they could ask the person concerned to make a new payment. READ MORE: Man ‘speechless’ as he discovers steps to boost income by £560 The con artists then run off with the money, having compromised a person’s account, and their sensitive information. Understandably, this is concerning for those who have seen this type of advertisement, or individuals who may have had a close brush with it. Halifax has stressed all social media posts like this are a scam, and should never be responded to. As a first point of action, the bank has urged individuals to report it to the social media service where this appears. Savers should always keep their online banking details private, and not share them with anyone else. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If a person has fallen for the scam, they should not be embarrassed or ashamed, as sadly these types of instances are more common than perhaps thought. Instead, they should reach out to their bank promptly to see whether payments can be stopped, or details secured. To avoid social media scams like this, Halifax stresses individuals should “share with care”. This means keeping personal and banking details off social media, and only connecting with people they know. Messages should always be double-checked. If it claims to be from a loved one, talking to them in person is advised. Finally, Britons should never be too quick to click, as fraudsters can use links in a message to send people to fake websites, or put a virus on their device.