The international trade minister promised to restore "low tax, small state and personal responsibility" as the Tory party's core values. She also distanced herself from Boris Johnson, saying she wanted to replace his "failed leadership model." Ms Mordaunt declined to praise Mr Johnson as a "good" prime minister, while thanking him for delivering the Brexit she campaigned for. The Royal Navy reservist launched her campaign at an Indian restaurant in Westminster, along with key MP supporters, including former Cabinet minister Dame Andrea Leadsom. And she surprised some MPs by holding back her "PM4PM" launch until the first round of voting by MPs in the contest. Setting out her key economic policies, Ms Mordaunt pledged to cut Government debt over the long term and slash VAT on fuel by 50 per cent to help ease the cost-of-living crisis. She said she had been inspired at an early age by Margaret Thatcher's resolve during the 1982 Falklands War. She recalled, aged nine, watching the British Task Force set out from Portsmouth. She said: "Witnessing it, and Thatcher's resolve at the time, I knew my country stood up to bullies." Ms Mordaunt said she would honour the Tory commitment to meet the Nato defence spending target of two per cent of Gross Domestic Product and raise it by 0.5 per cent above inflation every year.   She said of her party's manifesto pledges: "I think the British people want us to deliver on that now." Ms Mordaunt pointed out Tory MPs eventually ejected Mr Johnson because they feared losing their seats at the next general election. She said: "I'm the candidate that Labour fear the most - and they're right to." Ms Mordaunt also promised to overhaul Government rules to yield a "Brexit dividend" on investment, infrastructure and innovation. And she pledged to put "power back into the hands of parents" to access subsidised childcare at any time before their children start school. The minister also addressed sexist attacks alleged to have been made against her in rival campaign camps. She declared: "Well, they're very sensible people because I'm a threat to their campaign." But she added the only people she would take the fight to was the Opposition.    Questioned about her stance on transgender rights, she said: "I think it was Margaret Thatcher who said, "Every prime minister needs a Willie" (referring to William Whitelaw, her deputy). A woman like me doesn't have one." Ms Mordaunt received more backing yesterday, when Sir Mike Penning resigned as Conservative vice-chairman to campaign for her. He said: "As vice-chair, I was unable to declare who I would want to vote for, so I stepped down. "Penny has all the attributes that we're looking for now. "She's very down to earth, she's served her country as defence secretary and in the Royal Navy and, particularly in my constituency, she will go down very well."  The Conservative Party has thrown up some interesting characters in its time. This former magician's assistant, who provoked ire when she took part in TV contest Splash! - and who has more recently raised eyebrows due to her so-called woke views - is certainly one of them. Penny Mordaunt, who was reputedly once mistaken for Catherine Deneuve, made a bold statement when she chose I Vow To Thee My Country as the soundtrack to her campaign launch video. Not only is she the daughter of a former paratrooper, but she was named after the Arethusa-class cruiser HMS Penelope. She was also the first ever female Secretary of State for Defence - reassuring stuff for these troubled times. 