The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are visiting the BBC's new headquarters in Cardiff. It comes days after thousands of people took part in a rally in Wrexham calling for Welsh independence.  Camilla looked elegant in a blue dress and nude heels for the engagement, while heir to the throne Charles was smart in a suit. The Duchess smiled as she arrived at the BBC's new headquarters on Tuesday. Charles and Camilla's engagement comes days after campaigners marched through Wales's newest city Wrexham last Saturday demanding Welsh independence. The demonstration was organised by All Under One Banner (AUOB), Yes Cymru and Indy Fest Wrexham. Organisers said between 6,000 and 8,000 people attended the march. Councillor Carrie Harper, one of the organisers, said people were "more interested in that constitutional conversation... especially with a second referendum on the way in Scotland and widespread support for a unified Ireland". She said: "We have to have this discussion on what type of nation we want. "The time is right and Wrexham is the place for that conversation." It comes after Wrexham was made Wales's seventh city to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Charles and Camilla's engagement also comes as the Duchess has graced the cover of Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday in a photo taken by Kate. The Duchess was asked to guest edit the latest edition to mark her birthday as well as the publication's 125th anniversary. The cover image shows Charles's wife smiling as she sits on a bench with a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. The 74-year-old looked elegant in a blue and white floral dress and cardigan. Another picture, also taken by the Duchess of Cambridge, appears on the leader page which shows Camilla walking through forget-me-nots at her country home. Camilla invited Kate to take a series of portraits in the gardens of Ray Mill House, her retreat in Lacock in Wiltshire. Mark Hedges, editor-in-chief of Country Life magazine, said: "We are thrilled to have our guest editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer the Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of the Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by the Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer the Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" 