James Jordan has reacted after his Strictly Come Dancing wife Ola Jordan shared a snap of their "mum and dad bods" as they stood in swimwear during the heatwave. The pro dancer, 44, warned Ola, 39, that she may "regret" sharing the snaps, which she branded "horrifying" as she reflected on how hers and her husband's bodies have changed since leaving the popular BBC dance show. James told his 243,000 followers: "I'm currently in London with a mate and we are going to the ITV party. "I've just seen a post that my wife has put on Instagram and I think maybe Ella's gone to bed and she's had a couple of glasses of wine and she's going to regret it in the morning. "But thanks babe for asking me if you can put my dad bod on there as well, cheers babe," James signed off while tagging Ola. James also reshared the snap in his stories, writing, "Oh dear", as the caption. READ MORE: Christie Brinkley dishes on secret to youthful looks in swimwear It comes as his wife-of-19-years Ola shared a poolside snap of her and James in their swimwear as they reflected on how their bodies have changed. Standing in front of a crystal-clear pool, Ola stunned as she donned a hot pink bikini and smiled as she posed with her hands on her hips. James affectionately wrapped an arm around his wife as he donned a pair of white swim shorts. Ola told her 305,000 fans: "Hi guys, I wasn’t going to post this picture but I’ve decided to because I’m horrified and so disappointed with myself and by posting it I’m hoping it will help motivate me to do something about it. "Our friend took this snap of us yesterday trying to stay cool by the pool but OMG..." (sic) She went on: "It was a total shock to say the least! When did we get ‘mum and dad bods’ ???? "We know we’re not in our best Strictly shape but hey that’s what happens when you stop dancing for hours every day and have a baby (I just want to know James’ excuse) "Stay cool everyone, I think I need to avoid the ice cream for a while!!! DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]Jennifer Garner beaming on set a week after ex Ben Affleck's nuptials [ANALYSIS]Margot Robbie's Barbie salary revealed as she tops highest paid list [UPDATE] "Couples That Eat Together Stay Together," Ola added while tagging her spouse. Commenting on the post, James wrote: "Saw this ages ago but my message didn’t go up - have you been drinking? "We just look different babe - but OMG I look old," he added alongside a laughing face. After James shared his reaction over the snap to his stories, Ola was quick to apologise to him, writing: "Sorry babes", alongside a cheeky monkey emoji. Appearing in her stories in a pink halter top, Ola addressed the supportive comments she's been receiving from fans. She said: "Hi guys, I just wanted to say thank you so much for your lovely messages after my last post. "I've got to say it's so nice to see that I'm not alone and that a lot of you go through the same thing as me Ola continued: "It is quite embarrassing that I'm being a dancer and I struggle with all this weight that I put on. "But, my priority is Ella, she is taking over my life and it's all about her now and I don't know if I'll ever get back tomy dancing body again. "I would love to, but I just don't think that's going to happen anytime soon," Ola ended the video.