 Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will celebrate her 75th birthday this weekend. Last week, the Duchess revealed that she has guest-edited a special issue of Country Life, the publication that Prince Charles and Princess Anne have also used to celebrate their own milestone birthdays. For the cover, she asked her daughter-in-law Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to step behind the camera and the resulting image shows Camilla in a blue floral dress in the garden at Ray Mill, her country home in Wiltshire.  The Duchess has taken on a more visible role in the Royal Family, particularly following the Queen’s decision to step back from public duties. Her solo responsibilities also ramped up after the monarch expressed her desire for Camilla to be named Queen Consort once Charles becomes king. This direct endorsement is a huge contrast to when then-Camilla Parker Bowles was first introduced to the royal spotlight. Back in 1993, the Duchess was at the centre of perhaps one of the most embarrassing scandals to ever rock the Royal Family — ‘Camillagate’ also dubbed ‘tampon gate’. READ MORE: Kate Middleton includes subtle nod to Princess Diana as she takes Camilla's birthday shots  In the year after the formal separation of Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, an intimate telephone transcript between the Prince of Wales and his then-mistress was leaked to the media. It came after the release of Andrew Morton’s tell-all biography of Diana, so Charles and Camilla’s affair was already known to the public. But the content of the steamy conversation still made headline news across the country. According to Diana’s former personal protection officer Ken Wharfe, the backlash to the tapes was “savage”. In his 2017 book, ‘Guarding Diana: Protecting The Princess Around The World’, Mr Wharfe wrote: “The backlash was savage. Establishment figures normally loyal to future King and country were appalled, and some questioned the Prince's suitability to rule.”  He continued: “Cartoonists lampooned him in the press. One cartoon, featuring him talking dirty to his plants, particularly amused [Princess Diana], who collapsed into fits of giggles on seeing it.” During their intimate telephone conversation, Camilla said: “I can’t start the week without you.” Charles replied: “I fill up your tank.” They both joked about “desperately” wanting to be together “all the time" amid some crude jokes, while arranging where and when they could next see each other. One of the most peculiar jokes inspired the moniker ‘tampon gate’ — during their racy chat, Charles told Camilla he wanted to be her tampon, saying: “Oh God. I'll just live inside your trousers or something. It would be much easier.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL]  Camilla responded: “What are you going to turn into, a pair of knickers? Oh, you're going to come back as a pair of knickers.” To which Charles said: “Or, God forbid, a Tampax. Just my luck!” This exchange was followed by jokes about Charles turning into an entire box of tampons and of being “chucked down the lavatory.” They signed off the phone call by confirming how they love one another, and Charles even told Camilla: “Your great achievement is to love me.”  She replied: “I’d suffer anything for you. That’s love. It’s the strength of love.” The recording of the private phone call was said to have been made by a radio enthusiast who was using a hi-tech scanning device. After leaking it to the Daily Mirror, which published a transcript of the conversation, other British tabloids ran the story with headlines ranging from "Camillagate" to "Charles and Camilla: the tapes”. The tapes reportedly triggered the divorce of Camilla and her first husband Andrew Parker-Bowles, who was said to have been “publicly humiliated” by the leak.  The pair divorced in 1995 after two decades of marriage, but have remained good friends and co-parents to their children, Laura and Tom. In 1996, following months of negotiations and two bombshell interviews, Charles and Diana announced their divorce. ‘Guarding Diana - Protecting The Princess Around the World’ by Ken Wharfe and Robert Jobson was published in 2017 by John Blake Publishing and is available here.