Mr Johnson has told his closest allies he “doesn’t specifically support any one” of the five candidates left in the contest. “Whoever it is must finish the job on Brexit – let the lion roar for Britain,” a source close to Mr Johnson said. “Brexit needs to be properly done. It is unfinished business and the full benefits of Brexit have yet to be realised.” According to a source, he will be watching to ensure his three big issues remain a priority for his successor. The source said: “He was disappointed by what happened with Rishi Sunak [his resignation as Chancellor] but he doesn’t hate him. “He’s intrigued by Penny Mordaunt and believes that Liz Truss will deliver on the key issues.” Mr Johnson is also hoping to visit Ukraine before his time as Prime Minister ends on September 5. The source added: “He really wants to see President Zelensky again. It is important that Britain continues to stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine.” The Tory leadership race intensified yesterday as the five candidates went head-to-head in the first of three live TV debates. It came as momentum appeared to be gathering behind Ms Truss in the race to replace Mr Johnson, with a number of high-profile backers supporting her. The Foreign Secretary – who has reportedly hosted potential backers for “fizz with Liz” in her Commons office – is currently third in the betting, behind Ms Mourdant and Mr Sunak, after winning the support of 64 MPs in Thursday’s second ballot. But her numbers have since been bolstered by Suella Braverman, who was eliminated from the contest after coming last in Thursday’s vote, and influential backbencher Steve Baker. The European Research Group chairman Mark Francois has also signalled his support with a large number of the group’s 60 MPs expected to follow suit. In a direct appeal to her supporters yesterday, Ms Braverman urged them to back the Foreign Secretary. She said: “Liz is ready now to be PM. She won’t need to learn on the job.” In what appeared to be a further swipe at Ms Mordaunt, who she has criticised for her views on transgender rights, Ms Braverman praised Ms Truss for her stance on identity politics. She added: “From personal experience, Liz has consistently and sincerely been on the right side of the identity politics argument.” Ms Braverman, the Attorney General, also heaped praise on contender Kemi Badenoch, the former equalities minister, describing her as a “great woman” who could do a fantastic job as prime minister “one day”. But she insisted it is Ms Truss, who has been in the Cabinet for eight years, who should take the reins of power this time. In her message to supporters, Ms Braverman added: “Kemi is a great woman and a friend. She could do a fantastic job as PM one day, but we need to look realistically at the numbers. “Liz and Kemi are not both going to make it into the final two. So a decision needs to be made to back one of them. The one we should back, I’d argue, is the one who can get to the final round. Liz can, Kemi cannot.” Earlier yesterday, Ms Truss vowed to axe the planned corporation tax hike from 19 to 25 per cent next year as she made her pitch for the Tory leadership during an online hustings. She also used the debate to commit to a temporary moratorium on the green energy levy, costing around £5billion per year. The commitments made during the Zoom hustings were the latest in a fierce campaign for No. 10 that has seen some candidates criticised for lavish and uncosted taxation pledges. The online debate was hosted by the Conservative Home website, with editor Paul Goodman acting as presenter. Ms Mourdant, Ms Truss and Mr Sunak were joined by fellow contenders Ms Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat for the showdown. All five candidates were seen in individual screens making their points. Ms Truss said she would take immediate action to start “putting money back into people’s pockets” during the cost-of-living crisis. Backed by Mr Johnson’s most loyal allies, she said she would reverse the National Insurance hike, which she said she opposed in Cabinet. Ms Truss added: “I think it’s even more of a mistake now when we’re facing such strong economic headwinds. “I would also have a temporary moratorium on the green energy levy to cut £153 from people’s energy bills. “And I would also not do the corporation tax hikes because I think it’s vitally ­important that we’re attracting investment into our country.” The corporation tax rise from April next year is forecast to bring in more than £16billion annually from 2024/25. Mr Sunak, who the right of the party is rounding on because of his high spending and high taxation approach throughout the pandemic, argued he would only enact tax cuts when inflation is under control. He ­ said: “The most pressing economic challenge we are facing is inflation. Inflation is the enemy that makes everybody poorer and it must be the Government’s priority to get a grip of it. “I’m not going to do anything that puts that at risk, so I will deliver tax cuts, but I will do so responsibly after we’ve got a grip of inflation.” Ms Mordaunt said she was making few commitments on tax because “this contest is not the right place to do it”. She added: “I’m not going to set out plans for corporation tax or any other of those taxes until we have a proper fiscal event.” Ms Mordaunt also pleaded for a “positive contest”. She said: “I don’t want mudslinging.” The candidates were also all asked about their “greatest weakness”. Ms Badenoch said hers was “allowing my sense of humour to look like I’m flippant about issues”. Mr Sunak essentially said he strives too hard for perfection. Ms Truss said she has in the past been “excessively over-enthusiastic, and sometimes I have to rein myself in”. Tom Tugendhat, who has made his military background a central pillar of his campaign, said: “I know this is going to surprise you but I may talk about the Army a little too much, which is possibly a weakness.” Ms Mordaunt said: “I was tempted to say Burmese cats, as I have four and introducing them into No 10 might present some challenges with Larry.” Meanwhile, Mr Johnson was spotted leaving No 10 via the back exit yesterday. Also seen at the rear of Downing Street was what appeared to be a removal van from Restore Harrow Green commercial movers.