According to new data, motorists are being punished for ignoring temporary speed limits on the M6 motorway. This stretch of motorway sees drivers hit with more fines than anywhere else in the West Midlands. Thousands of motorists have been fined for breaking temporary speed limits, where smart motorways reduce speeds when there is congestion or has been an accident. Between Junction 7 and 8 at Great Barr, heading northbound, drivers are being caught out in huge numbers. The variable speed cameras are only switched on at certain times, keeping motorists guessing. More than 3,500 have been clocked breaking the temporary 40mph speed limit on the stretch of motorway during this year alone - 19 every day on average. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel But, drivers are likely being caught out in large numbers during specific periods because of the speed cameras. Fines are more likely when the cameras, which are typically fixed to gantries running over the motorway displaying the speed limit, are switched on, according to Birmingham Live. The speed limit on smart motorway sections, such as the M6 through the Black Country, is controlled in an effort to keep traffic moving and avoid congestion. Motorists are frequently witnessed ignoring the temporary limits. DON'T MISSSoaring oil prices leading to cheaper used cars [INSIGHT]Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING]Drivers told to avoid 'extreme' fuel use by using air con trick [WARNING] The data suggests the cameras are being used to punish those who choose to ignore the slowest speed limit normally seen on the motorway - 40mph - as the numbers fined for breaching other speeds are much lower. A total of 847 drivers were caught breaking the 50mph limit between Junctions 7 and 8 in 2022, up to June, and another 453 for breaching 60mph. Another stretch of the M6 where drivers are caught in huge numbers is between the M54 exit near Wolverhampton and Junction 10 for Walsall, heading southbound. On this section of the motorway, 1,472 drivers have been caught out by ignoring a temporary 50mph speed limit. A further 1,291 drivers went over the 60mph speed limit. Speed camera signs are clearly displayed along the motorway but there has always been uncertainty about how regularly they operate, and in which areas. The message of police chiefs to drivers is clear - obey the speed limit. According to motoring organisation the RAC, variable speed cameras "work in a similar way to average speed cameras, but they’re unlikely to be in operation 24/7". It adds: "They tend to be used on smart motorways when the speed limit is lowered to ease congestion or in the event of poor weather or some other hazard." This comes as other parts of the Midlands have some of the fastest drivers on average. Motorists in Telford and Wrekin in Shropshire hit an average speed of 67.91mph on the motorway. This is almost two miles quicker than every other local authority, as Blackburn with Darwen has the second fastest drivers at 66.06mph. Commenting on the findings, Dave Timmis from Leasing.com said: “The contrast of more rural areas and built-up urban areas in this top ten highlights how varied England’s fastest drivers can be. “With the recent introduction of Smart Motorways across some of the UK’s busiest motorways, to mixed opinions, these areas listed may see a change in trends as the system becomes more common across the UK.”