The author makes a series of explosive claims in Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. Mr Bower warned the Duchess of Sussex "won't want to appear in court being cross-examined by my barrister" as he discussed the prospect of Prince Harry's wife taking legal action over the unofficial biography. Asked by host Christine Lampard during an appearance on ITV's Lorraine: "Is it deemed a failure in your eyes if they don't try to sue?" Mr Bower, who has also written books on Prime Minister Boris Johnson, former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Prince Charles, laughed and said: "I don't mind if they sue as long as they lose. "So far thank goodness they've lost. "I think that Meghan if she sues, she won't want to appear in court being cross-examined by my barrister. "So it's best if she doesn't sue." Asked if he thinks Meghan will read his book, Mr Bower added: "Of course she'll read it, I'm sure she will, she can't resist." The acid-penned biographer said he decided to write the royal biography after Meghan and Harry's Oprah Winfrey interview. Mr Bower described the relationship between the Sussexes and the Royal Family as "very toxic" since Megxit and their interview with the US talk show host.  He said: "I think they do their best the Windsors, Prince Charles and the Queen, to keep it cool but it's impossible, especially with Harry's memoir about to come out. "But ever since Meghan left Britain then did the Oprah Winfrey interview it's been really poisonous." Harry and Meghan quit royal duties in March 2020 and moved across the pond. The Sussexes are now living in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet. They sat down with Oprah in March 2021 for their interview which saw them make astonishing claims about the monarchy. And Harry's bombshell tell-all book about his life is due out later this year. The couple recently returned to Britain with their children for the first time since Megxit for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But in his book, Mr Bower claims the Sussexes were left furious that Buckingham Palace "refused all of their demands for a prominent role" at the festivities.