Mr Lewis took to Twitter to announce his meeting with the new Tsar, David Buttress. In a tweet, he slammed parts of the Government’s Help for Households Scheme, which includes free West End theatre tickets for children and discounts at supermarkets. The plan has been harshly criticised by child poverty campaigners as "abandoning" families struggling to cope with rising living costs. Mr Lewis said: "Am soon talking to Government Cost of Living [Business] Tsar. Having looked through [the] announcement there's [nothing new, for example] Sainsbury's feed family for £5 recipe cards (started 08) or promoting the annual kids go free theatre deal." "I hope he's more to add. Energy bills, not theatre, may've been where to start." The talk didn’t seem to alleviate his concerns, however, and after the meeting he updated his followers saying the position was a “poisoned chalice”. He said: "Just spoke to him. He is trying to make a difference, but I think has taken a poisoned chalice and misleading title. "Currently he's 'just trying to amplify existing help'.   "I've said if he ever comes up with [anything] new & genuinely helpful I'd happily shout it from the rooftops." The plan would see the reintroduction of Sainsbury’s “feed your family for a fiver” campaign as well as discounts from other major retailers. It would also see the extension of Asda’s deal which allows children to buy a meal for £1. Other deals with Amazon, Morrison's and Vodafone are included in the plan. Charities have also slammed the Government’s plan, which they say relies on "retail discounts". Alison Garnham, the chief executive of Child Poverty Action Group, said: "With school holidays starting today and parliament heading off for recess, Government has abandoned children and families to face a difficult summer with inadequate support." READ MORE: Putin shame over 50,000 troops lost as 'Army of grandads' recruited  Speaking to The Guardian, Ms Garnham added: "As families battle to stay afloat, investment in social security for the long term has to be the top priority for the next Prime Minister. A decent living standard for children should never be dependent on retail discounts." Cost of Living Tsar David Buttress is set to meet with business leaders today to "thank the businesses involved" and to discuss new ideas to help bring down the cost of living. Representatives from Sainsbury’s, Vodafone, Amazon, Centrica and the CBI will likely be in attendance. Many of the business leaders involved spoke out in favour of the Help for Households Scheme. The £37billion initiative is wider in scope and includes things like energy rebates and tax cuts. DON'T MISS:So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: Give them hell! Wallace sends lethal anti-tank arsenal [LIVE]POLL: Should Boris Johnson come back as Prime Minister? [POLL]  Prime Minister Boris Johnson lauded the scheme which he said would help fight the "scourge of rising prices and inflation". He said: "We’re facing incredibly tough global economic headwinds and families across the country are feeling the pinch. That’s why this government is providing an unprecedented £37billion worth of support to help households through the storm. "Both the public and private sector have a role to play here – and that’s why it’s great to see so many leading UK businesses are now coming forward to offer new deals and discounts that will provide much needed respite at the checkout. "This won’t solve the issue overnight but it’s yet another weapon in our arsenal as we fight back against the scourge of rising prices and inflation." 