A Question Time audience member has slammed Britain's two largest political parties for sniping at one another and accused Labour of failing to come up with any ideas. The comment came as Fiona Bruce hosted the last episode of the BBC's flagship political panel show of the series. Ms Bruce was joined by Tory MP Bim Afolami, Labour MP Chris Bryant, NFU president Minette Batters, NEU president Mary Bousted and Telegraph journalist Olivia Utley for last night's episode in Torquay, Devon. The audience member said: "I think the biggest concern is moving forward because, as tonight is showing, there is still a bit of sniping going on between the two parties. "And a lot of the people who are standing now... three weeks ago, they were voting to keep Boris in then [said] 'We will step away, start a new sort of mandate, make out we had nothing to do with it and stand for Prime Minister'." Five Conservative MPs remain standing in the race to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister and Tory Party leader. JUST IN: QT audience member rages at Tory MP over Boris ousting - 'Have more respect for us!' Ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak is the current frontrunner among MPs, with Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt in second. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, ex-Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch and Tonbridge & Malling MP Tom Tugendhat are also still in the race. However, turning her attention to Mr Bryant, the audience member added: "The Labour Party are fabulous at criticising but they don't actually come up with any ideas." She also suggested a Labour-led Government could leave the country "bogged down" in investigations and inquiries in what she described as "more muck-raking by the parties". READ MORE: 'Brexit is safe!' Mordaunt and Sunak allies stress Leave credentials in leadership race However, NEU president Mary Bousted warned that the conduct of the Conservative Party had caused a deterioration of confidence in politics altogether. She said: "This has more than just tarnished the Conservative Party, which is utterly tarnished at the moment, it also has an effect on politics itself because it is very easy then for people to say they're all the same." Question Time will take a long break over the summer and return shortly after MPs return to Parliament. Ms Bruce revealed the next episode will be filmed in Birmingham on September 15. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT]