The Duchess of Sussex was officially welcomed into the Firm in 2018 after marrying Prince Harry but stepped down from her senior role just two years later. Royal author Tom Bower said she then "left for Hollywood" because she "couldn't understand why she wasn't more important" after marrying into the powerful dynasty. Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, made the claims during a GB News interview when he said: "Meghan Markle left the UK for Hollywood because she couldn't understand why she wasn't more important". Commenting on the claims, Nile Gardiner, royal expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, wrote on Twitter: "The arrogance and hubris on display from Meghan Markle is simply staggering." During the GB News interview, Mr Bower said: "Meghan is a person who controls the narrative, that has been part of the problem. “When she came to London to become part of the Royal Family, she couldn’t understand why she wasn’t more important and wasn’t more in control of everything. And that’s why she has fractious relationships with so many people.”  He added: "We know the background and the motivation of a woman who clearly married into the Royal Family because she loved Harry, there’s no doubt about that. But also because she loves the status. “And very quickly she discovered she wasn’t going to get the status of number one which is what she wanted. There is only one number one in the Royal Family, and the rest of the family is there to support the Queen. “Meghan didn’t understand why she wasn’t in the spotlight and very quickly she decided she’d be better off in Hollywood.” However, Sussex fans quickly stepped in to defend the royal, with one commenting on Nile Gardiner's post: "What a vile tweet. There is no basis for this conjecture." READ MORE: 'Old-school' Princess Anne is the 'ultimate royal pro' Another said that "the gullible" believe Mr Gardiner, claiming "the Duchess was hounded into exile" by the media. A third Meghan fan commented: "A grown ass man, commenting on gossip and the takedown of MM [Meghan Markle]. Pathetic". Following the publication of Mr Bower's book, friends and fans of the Duchess have stepped in to defend her from claims made by the royal author. One of her supporters, Twitter user @lovelolaheart, picked apart Mr Bower's claim that Meghan wasn't friends with Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra ahead of her wedding to Harry, by posting photographs and evidence to counter the claims.  Similarly, the book includes several claims about Meghan and alleges that she left journalist Sam Kashner feeling "manipulated" during a 2017 interview with Vanity Fair. However, Mr Kashner wrote a letter to The Times dismissing Bower’s claims, writing: "Sir, I’m afraid Tom Bower didn’t convey my admiration and respect for Meghan Markle in the excerpt from his new book in The Times on Saturday." He also said that he found Meghan to be “exceptionally warm and gracious”. Mr Kashner added: “A belated congratulations to Prince Harry for taking such an extraordinary woman as his bride. Theirs is clearly a love match, so maybe we should stop piling on and let the couple live their life in peace.” 