Carrie Johnson stepped out seconds before husband Boris Johnson did to deliver his resignation speech. The former Prime Minister’s wife stood out from the crowd as she wore a bright red chiffon dress. The mother of two also carried baby Romy, who was strapped to her chest in a carrier. Carrie’s dress is believed to be a re-wear, rather than a new item in her wardrobe. It is hard to tell as baby Romy and the carrier cover a large proportion of the dress’ detail. But, the former Prime Minister’s wife first wore a red chiffon dress during a private meeting with President of the United States Joe Biden and Jill Biden before the G7 summit last year. The dress is by high-street brand LK Bennet and was originally priced at £325. READ MORE: Princess Charlene steps out in £2,112 sleeveless dress - 'flattering' It is currently on sale for £215 but there is limited stock online. On the website, it’s called the “Sina red silk-cotton midi dress”. It is described as an “eye catching and elegant” number “inspired by the glamour of the chic 1930s”. “Crafted from a silk-cotton fabric in red with sheer dobby effect detail, it has a round neck with a pussy bow, oversized red pearl buttons to the bodice, puff shoulders, short sleeves and a long floaty skirt.” DON'T MISS... Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]‘Ideal’ time to eat dinner and lose weight during menopause [EXPERT]Keep herbs fresh for a month with clever storage hack [GUIDE] For heels, Carrie chose a pair of darker red crocodile-effect courts. They had a silver double buckle across the toe. These are also a re-wear - she was last seen wearing them in June when she and Boris touched down in Rwanda. She paired them with a bright pink Zara suit and pink and red patterned blouse.  Carrie certainly stood out in a bright red dress, amongst a sea of black and navy suits. Fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman previously spoke to Express.co.uk about colour psychology. Similarly to when the royals wear bold colours in public, Carrie could've chosen red so “people know she is there” and to “make sure they can” see her. “Bright colours also say ‘confidence’ – it could be a way of portraying safety.” Express.co.uk also spoke to body language expert Judi James about Carrie's appearance. She said: "Carrie might just have shown her mettle as a political wife today with a very mature body language performance as she watched her husband resign. "Emerging with their smallest child strapped to her chest and stroking its head in a soothing gesture that she might need to be performing on Boris too over the next 24 hours, Carrie managed a wide and gracious-looking smile when many women would have been scowling in anger and resentment."