Tim Henman has told Cameron Norrie to “channel his inner Rafael [Nadal]” as the Brit attempts to defeat Novak Djokovic and reach the Wimbledon final. Speaking during the warm-ups, Henman believes that Norrie can use Nadal as inspiration in his bid to defeat the Serbian. “It’s inevitable that Cam is going to be a bit tight,” Henman told Sue Barker during the BBC’s broadcast. “It looked like he was taking a few deep breaths but it’s good to see him getting his feet moving early and he has got to channel his inner Rafa [Nadal]. “You think about Cam’s leftie serve and forehand, he has got to look to take risks and try to hit his spots and get on top in the rally very early. With Novak’s movement and how consistent and solid he is from the back, Novak is not going to beat himself so Cam has got to be prepared to take some risks but I still go back to that start. “The first four or five games, if Cam can hold serve and just send himself down, give the crowd something to get stuck into then we could potentially have a great match on our hands.” DON'T MISS: Wimbledon release Rafael Nadal statement after he pulls out of Nick Kyrgios clash injured Norrie did make a strong start, winning the first set 6-2, but Djokovic won the second 6-3. The two are playing for a place in the final against Nick Kyrgios, who received a walkover after Nadal pulled out of the tournament due to an abdomen injury, and Barker believes that if Norrie is to face the Australian on Sunday he will also have to use Kyrgios and his service game as inspiration. “He has got to get the crowd involved but he has got to serve well,” Barker added. “He has got the leftie serve, he can draw Novak out of court on the left court as well, can’t he?” Henman replied: “Yeah, but we have seen how well Djokovic returns, you would say there are four targets to aim at, four corners, but I think you have got to use the body serve as well to really keep Novak guessing as much as possible. “Cam is never going to have a serve that gets a lot of aces but it is more about the one-two punch, if he can hit the spots, get a slightly shorter reply, and then really look to dictate with that second shot in the rally.” On home soil Norrie has the fans in his favour, and Djokovic does have a history with the SW19 crowd. The 20-time Grand Slam champion may have also tried to psych Norrie out by keeping him waiting in the build-up to their semi-final.