 The story of King Henry and his six wives has been so often retold that his second wife, Anne Boleyn, has almost lost all sense of political strategy she was feared for in her lifetime. Royal History’s Biggest Fibs with Lucy Worsley on BBC Four is working to unveil the fictional retellings of royalty that have since become regarded as solid truths.  Anne Boleyn’s reputation as the sultry 21-year-old that turned King Henry VIII against his wife, religion and court advisors has been a long since rumoured truth. Arguably this image of Boleyn has also been bolstered by pop culture, with films, series and even West End productions leaning into the idea of an air-headed, young beauty who happened into the lap of a king. In reality, Boleyn had experience in courts and politics years before meeting King Henry. She arrived at his court as a lady-in-waiting to his first wife Catharine of Aragon in 1522. Pop culture has seemingly adored the contrast between Boleyn and Catharine, pitting the two against each other in looks, religions and loyalty to the king.  1646569  It is entirely true that the pair did not have a good relationship with each other, but Boleyn posed a far bigger threat to other members of the court than simply stealing Henry from Catharine. Boleyn has been championed as the one that ultimately changed Henry’s mind on Protestants and Martin Luther, sparking the English Reformation which was a pivotal part of UK history playing out once again in the split from the EU. In the documentary series with Lucy Worsley, she spoke to Roehampton University professor Suzannah Lipscomb who shared Boleyn’s true impact on Britain aside from her sexual prowess. Henry reportedly loathed Luther and his teachings, but Boleyn was able to suggest and “introduce ideas to him that other people couldn’t” even before they became romantically entwined. Lipscomb claimed: “We could argue that Henry VIII wouldn’t have broken with the Roman Catholic church if it weren’t for Anne’s influence.”  Boleyn smuggled in a copy of The Obedience of a Christian Man by William Tyndale, who was seen as a heretic at the time. She slyly marked a passage in the book and allowed it to be found by Henry, a passage where Tyndale claimed kings had lost their national power to the church and incited them to claim it back. Henry reportedly enjoyed this idea and one of his first Acts of the Reformation drafted by Thomas Cromwell, an ally of Boleyn, would resign total authority away from the Pope and towards the monarch. Lipscomb added Boleyn’s current reputation and image is a result of the “misogynistic ways” Henry VIII’s wives were viewed in that time period.  She explained: “It’s much easier if you can, sort of, boil them down to being a bit of skirt and not really anything more.” Complicating Boleyn’s current image even further is the fact that the only portrait of her known to have been made during her lifetime is a small medallion that has been brutally disfigured over time. Rather, it is believed that her well-circulated image is highly influenced by writings by her rivals and some made after her death. A member of Henry’s court shortly before Boleyn would become his wife, Eustace Chapuys, described Boleyn in a letter as being a “concubine”. Then in Rise and Growth of the Anglican Schism by Nicholas Sander, published decades after the queen had been executed, gave a graphic and disturbing description of her.  Sander claimed her skin looked like she was troubled with jaundice and that she had a projecting tooth, an extra finger on her right hand and a large goitre on her neck. This description of Boleyn paralleled her to the likes of witches, but wasn’t meant to harm the former queen specifically. Rather it was published during her daughter, Elizabeth I’s, reign and her description was used to support his claim that Elizabeth was the product of incest as Boleyn was Henry’s daughter. Ultimately, Boleyn’s intellect and political strategy continues to fall into the background because of the constant retelling of the Reformation story alongside her ever-changing image. Royal History’s Biggest Fibs with Lucy Worsley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.