Manchester United and Arsenal will learn Youri Tielemans’ plans later this week as the midfielder will  discuss his future with Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers, according to reports. Both clubs have been linked with a transfer for the Belgian, who has just a year remaining on his contract with the Foxes. United and Arsenal are both desperate to make midfield reinforcements and have been linked with a move for Tielemans. The Red Devils have prioritised trying to sign Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong but that deal is proving difficult to conclude, with the La Liga outfit reportedly owing the Dutchman deferred wages. Should United fail in their pursuit of De Jong, they could instead try to prise Tielemans away from Leicester. Given the amount of time remaining on his contract, the 25-year-old would come far cheaper than the £75million fee rumoured to be enough to buy De Jong. Meanwhile, Arsenal have already signed playmaker Fabio Vieira and appear set to announce the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City. Zinchenko can play in central midfield in addition to his usual role at left-back, which he has played most prominently with the Premier League champions. READ MORE: Barcelona have five players who have stopped De Jong to Man Utd deal Both clubs will learn whether they can sign Tielemans this summer or acquire the former Anderlecht man on a free transfer in 12 months. That is because the box-to-box ace is discussing his future with Leicester boss Rodgers this week, according to Sky Sports News. Tielemans made 50 appearances across all competitions last season and caught the eye of several clubs across Europe. He could decide to stay for another year and depart the King Power Stadium on a free next year. Last week, Rodgers insisted that the player remains happy at Leicester but conceded that he might want to explore his options. That will provide a boost to United and Arsenal. DON'T MISS...Barcelona: De Jong ‘open to Chelsea transfer’ and has bad Man Utd viewMan Utd have green light to negotiate second Barcelona transferBarcelona have dropped big De Jong hint as Man Utd press for transfer "There’s no update at all. He’s an amazing guy to work with. He’s just re-joined the club [for pre-season] and he’s pretty much the same. In training he’s very committed,” Rodgers said. . "He’s happy in his work and he’s happy at the club. But naturally with a year in his contract he may feel he has to look at everything for him and his family. "But I certainly know he’s committed while he is here. I’ll have a good chat with Youri next week to get privately what he’s thinking. But it won’t change, whether he’s leaving or staying for another five years, he’ll still be super committed."