The Conservative leadership hopeful was torn apart for resigning from Boris Johnson's cabinet which lead to toppling of the Prime Minister. Matthew from West Yorkshire was applauded by the audience after he called out Rishi Sunak's actions suggesting that he was on another planet. Matthew said: "Rishi Sunak, you're a good salesman and you have many strong attributes but many people continue to support Boris Johnson who has delivered consistently through treacherous waters. "Many people unfortunately see that you've stabbed him in the back. "He's the man who made you as a senior politician and some people don't want to see that in Number 10. "You're going to have to take the party and the country through another general election and I'm not quite sure entirely which planet you're on. "How do you expect to take the party through the next general election based upon on those actions?" READ MORE: Brexit hero Lord Frost answers YOUR burning questions  Mr Sunak replied: "Thank you Matthew for asking the question. Why did I resign? It was a very difficult decision and not one I took lightly. "I'm very grateful to the Prime Minister for giving me the job of Chancellor but as you also saw over the past two and a half years, I gave my everything to that job. "I'm proud of my record as Chancellor delivering for this country and delivering for all of you. "I was also proud to be part of his Government that achieved many things. "I do think he was the only person who could break the Brexit deadlock and achieve that election victory. "But for me personally, it got to a point where I couldn't stay." It comes just after parts of the audience at the hustings clapped when the host mentioned support for Mr Johnson to be included on the ballot. LBC presenter Nick Ferrari referenced reports that around 14,000 members of the Conservative Party wanted Mr Johnson's name on the ballot, pausing as clapping and some cheers were audible from some in the audience. DON'T MISS Rishi Sunak pledges to BAN building of new homes on green belt land [INSIGHT]'London doesn’t get treated like that!' Andy Burnham blasts rail plan [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak only has 'matter of days' to beat Liz Truss to Number 10 [VIDEO] Asked what he would say to those members, Mr Sunak said: "I'd say to them that I think close to 60 people resigned in Parliament and it's incumbent on the Prime Minister to have the confidence of the parliamentary party, and that wasn't there at the end. "So whether he's on the ballot or not, ultimately you need to be able to command the confidence of your MPs in Parliament, and we got to a point where close to 60 of them had resigned from Government." Meanwhile, Liz Truss has said she will be Ukraine's "greatest friend" if she becomes prime minister, following in the footsteps of Boris Johnson. The Foreign Secretary vowed to double down on support for Ukraine and to make President Volodymyr Zelensky her first foreign leader call if she becomes the next No 10 occupant.