The Prime Minister is desperately holding on to power in Number 10 after Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid prompted a tidal wave of resignations. Usually, the departure of two senior Cabinet figures, especially having the Chancellor among them, would also be a resigning matter for Mr Johnson himself. But other MPs are dislodging his delicate grip on Downing Street as the situation becomes too much for a reshuffle to solve. After slowing down yesterday evening, resignations have started again in earnest today. Several new figures have added their letters to the growing pile on Mr Johnson's desk. While few of these have come from Cabinet members, leading political commentators believe the momentum may be enough to carry the Prime Minister with them. READ MORE: 'See why few watch' Andrew Neil forced to switch off BBC's Newsnight So far, the following people have resigned from the Johnson Government: Cabinet Rishi Sunak, Chancellor Sajid Javid, Health Secretary Ministers Will Quince, Education Minister Alex Chalk, Solicitor General Robin Walker, Education Minister John Glen, Treasury Minister Victoria Atkins, Justice Minister Jo Churchill, Environment Minister Stuart Andrew, Housing Minister Kemi Badenoch, Levelling up Minister Neil O'Brien, Levelling up Minister Alex Burghart, Education Minister Lee Rowley, Business Minister Julia Lopez, Culture Minister Mims Davies, Work and Pensions Minister Rachel Maclean, Home Office Minister Mike Freer, Equalities Minister Parliamentary private secretaries Jonathan Gullis, Northern Ireland Office Saqib Bhatti, Department of Health and Social Care Nicola Richards, Department of Transport Virginia Crosbie, Welsh Office Laura Trott, Department of Transport Felicity Buchan, Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Selaine Saxby, Treasury Claire Coutinho, Treasury David Johnston, Department of Education Duncan Baker, Department for Levelling Up Craig Williams, Treasury Mark Logan, Northern Ireland Office Sara Britcliffe, Department for Education Ruth Edwards, Scottish Office Peter Gibson, Department for International Trade James Sunderland,  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) Others Bim Afolami, Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Party for youth Andrew Murrison, Trade Envoy to Morocco Theodora Clarke, Trade Envoy to Kenya David Duguid, Trade Envoy to Angola and Zambia Many of those watching the situation unfold believe today will see further resignations today. With enough of them, especially ministerial roles, left unoccupied, it will become nearly impossible for Mr Johnson to govern. And the Mirror has reported Nadhim Zahawi, Grant Shapps, Brandon Lewis and Simon Hart are currently waiting for Mr Johnson in Downing Street to tell him to quit. This comes after Michael Gove this morning told the PM his time was up. Rory Stewart, a former Conservative MP and leadership contender alongside Mr Johnson was among those forecasting the end for the Prime Minister. Writing on Twitter in reaction to Mr Quince's resignation, he hailed a definitive stage for the Johnson Government. He congratulated the former minister for leaving the Cabinet, stating the situation is entering "the stage where it will be almost impossible for Boris Johnson to replace and fill his ministry positions". Mr Johnson's trouble is defined by the outcome of the reshuffle these resignations have forced. Nadhim Zahawi now inhabits Mr Sunak's office in Number 11, and Steve Barclay has taken over stewardship of the Department of Health. Michelle Donelan has moved from her brief as Minister for Universities to become Education Secretary, filling Mr Zahawi's vacant role. The most significant reshuffle was Mr Barclay's, as he previously served as Mr Johnson's chief of staff. Moving a chief of staff from their brief is usually a poor sign, according to Ian Dunt, former editor of Politics.co.uk, who said he "wouldn't want to be moving my chief of staff around right at this minute" if he was PM. Sam Cohen, one of Mr Johnson's senior advisers, will replace Mr Barclay.