BBC audiences have flocked to Twitter this Thursday to comment on Naga Munchetty’s distracting choice of outfit. Some viewers thought the BBC Breakfast host appeared to have stayed in her pyjamas for the broadcast as she covered the Tory leadership race, Mo Farah and the rising cost of milk during the programme. Several viewers were convinced Naga was presenting in her dressing gown during Thursday's show. Many of them took to social media to comment on the choice of outfit, which clearly divided opinion. @BCollier2012 asked: “Is Naga going to wear her dressing gown all day?” “‘I love that brown satin’ said no woman ever,” Lizzie Annette tweeted. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ “Naga wears some gorgeous clothes but today is not one of those days.” Steve Burness wrote: “Why's Naga wearing a raincoat in the Studio? Are there no coat hangers in that place??” “Did Naga get up late this morning?” James Mason said. “Can’t understand why she is still in her pyjamas.” And @VadgamaBhups exclaimed: “Naga what you wearing!!  “It’s the middle of summer and your wearing goth outfit, No sense of dress typical.” (sic) While viewer Rob Simpson said: “Just turned BBC breakfast on... “Just curious, is there a dress code for presenters? And, if so, what the hell is it? Smart/pyjamas?” Naga has recently received a pay rise of over £100,000 this month, making her one of the BBC’s top earners. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death scene [SPOILERS]Jeremy Vine guests hit out at water ration as hosepipe ban looms [OPINION]The Flight Attendant season 3 release: HBO drops huge update [LATEST] Her increase was the second-highest for the channel, with Amol Rajan enjoying the biggest pay rise. The BBC Breakfast presenter is still behind football pundit Gary Lineker, the only presenter to earn over £1 million annually. Earlier this week, Naga also had to issue an apology for failing to deliver a promised interview on her BBC Radio 5 Live show. She revealed she was unable to air her anticipated interview with actress Rebecca Humphries on time as it still required editing. “Now, I did say that I was going to bring you the interview I did with the actor and writer Rebecca Humphries,” she told her listeners. “I spoke to Rebecca and finished talking to her about quarter to 11. “We want to do this justice so we want to get a really good edit for you.” Naga apologised to her fans, and assured them the interview would be out by next week. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.