In a bid to end the Black Sea blockade which has choked the global food market, the United Nations has established a deal with Vladimir Putin to resume vital exports from Ukraine. Russia has controlled shipping since the early days of the invasion by positioning navy vessels strategically around transport hubs, threatening Ukraine with an amphibious assault. To cooperate with the UN backed deal, President Zelensky will need to remove defensive mines placed in the Black Sea which had been intended to deter Moscow’s navy from attack. While the agreement has been brokered with President Putin, there is no guarantee Russia will abide by the strict terms as the Kremlin is tipped to exploit the deal to launch an renewed attack on port cities along Ukraine’s coast.    Speaking on Times Radio, former Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Lord Alan West explained Ukraine’s fears that the UN deal has opened new possibilities for Russian aggression. He said: “I think the Ukrainians must feel very concerned about when they remove the mines they’ve laid, which were laid to stop the Russian’s doing an amphibious assault. “Can they rely on the Russians? They've said very clearly that the Russians lie and break agreements and they must be concerned that this opens up an opportunity.” Just a day after the agreement was declared, Russia struck the port city of Odessa in what the Kremlin claimed was a precision attack on a Ukrainian storage facility for US weapons.    Despite the threat of Russian amphibious attacks, Lord West did acknowledge that the Ukrainian defence had so far enjoyed ample success in suppressing President Putin’s naval efforts. He said: “The Ukrainians have been quite successful in pushing the Russian navy away from its shores with the sinkings of the Moskva, the hitching of that landing craft, the risk to the Russian assets in Sevastopol which has made them move their assets, the retaking of Snake Island - so I don’t think they need to be too concerned about that. “If they can continue to get some of these 140 ships in Odesa and various other ports, Ukrainian ports, that are stuck there - we need to start getting these moves in, and if we can do that, that is a huge step forward.” Lord West added: “But again, Putin absolutely has been using this as a weapon and he shows himself as a sort of statesman because he went and got this agreement with the Turks and the UN. Read more: Ukraine parades destroyed Russian equipment “He is, I’m afraid, unscrupulous and you can’t rely on what he’s saying at all.” The deal is a pivotal moment in the war as exports from the Black Sea ports can be used to ease the global food shortage which has threatened to plunge millions into famine. However, there are concerns that President Putin has played upon the UN’s desperation to secure a trade deal in order to ensure the removal of Ukrainian mines from the Black Sea, opening up new possibilities for an attack. Don't miss: Russian tank explodes after precision attack by Ukraine drone [VIDEO]Putin hit by uprising as Russians burn Kremlin 'swastika" [REVEAL]EU on brink of 'painful recession' as Putin threatens global crisis [ANALYSIS] Moscow has justified the attack on Odesa in the hours following the shipping agreement as a missile strike against a storage facility for US anti-ship weapons supplied to the Ukrainian military. However, Ukrainian officials have said the Russian missiles struck a silo in the port city, not infrastructure connected to the military. International leaders have condemned the attack as telling of President Putin’s intentions, however, the UN plans to move ahead with the export deal. The European Union Chief of Foreign Affairs Josep Borrell said: “Striking a target crucial for grain export a day after the signature of Istanbul agreements is particularly reprehensible and, again, demonstrates Russia’s total disregard for international law and commitments.” Read next: Gas price surge: Costs skyrocket to 4 times higher than last year a...Putin to meet with Erdogan in SochiBoris targeted in spine-chilling Russia TV rant 'Hasta la vista baby'Putin outsmarted as EU to swerve cut with Nigeria dealRussia is pulling plug now on Germany and EU's gas