 According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), house prices rose 10 percent in 2021 alone, and inheritance tax receipts for the Government have increased every year in the last decade. They are up by 57 percent since 2012-13. The reason for the increase is that the inheritance tax threshold has been frozen at £325,000 since 2009. This is to remain at this rate until 2026. If a person's estate is worth more than this amount, then it is taxed at a rate of 40 percent.     On top of the main allowance, there is a transferable main residence allowance which sits at £175,000 which can be applied when certain criteria is met. This lets people leave significantly more if the estate includes a property that is being left to direct descendants such as children, grandchildren and stepchildren. The Government has been called to reform this tax however, those calls have remained unanswered and because of this, experts recommend that Britons take the time to think about their tax liability, particularly those who are older. Simon Goldthorpe, joint executive chairman of Beaufort Financial, outlines simple mitigations consumers can put in place to lessen the tax burden on their estate. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Which DWP benefits get help towards NHS costs?     He added: “Preparing for inheritance tax takes  good wealth planning, well in advance.” The first recommendation from Mr Goldthorpe is that people should take a look at their pension and try to use it to their advantage as pensions are exempt from inheritance tax. He said: “Holding a good deal of your wealth inside a pension can be very efficient for tax purposes. “This is a really important consideration when you’re still in the accumulation phase of your wealth journey, making balancing the amount you are saving into an ISA or pension critical.”    Mr Goldthorpe warned that those with “substantial pension assets” should be wary. This is because of the Lifetime Allowance which is a separate tax charge which can become payable on death. The lifetime allowance currently stands at £1,073,100 and if a person’s pension exceeds this then they could face a 55 percent tax bill. Mr Goldthorpe also highlighted that married couples can benefit significantly from the inheritance tax rules. Inheritance tax thresholds apply to every single individual and can be combined when a couple is married or in a civil partnership. He said: “If you are married inheritance tax rates can essentially be combined, meaning a married couple can pass on a property worth up to £1million effectively or property worth £350,000 and other assets worth £650,000.” Gifting when a person is still alive is another way that people can reduce their tax liability and is considered one of the best ways to do so. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest      However, the seven year rule applies when it comes to gifts which can often catch people out. No tax is due on any gifts a person gives if they live for seven years after giving them, however, if the person dies within the seven years there is a tax to pay. This is worked out on a sliding scale so if a person dies within three years of gifting something then the full 40 percent tax is due. This rate then slides the longer a person lives for until after seven years when no tax is paid.     Mr Goldthorpe said: “You’re not liable to pay any IHT if you live seven years after a gift, and you can give up to £3,000 in gifts each tax year without incurring any liabilities no matter how long you live after. “You can also make any gift ‘out of income’ as long as it doesn’t materially affect your regular earnings from a salary or investments. “There is also a small gifts allowance whereby you can give £250 to as many people as you like in a tax year without any liability. If you have a child getting married you can gift them £5,000, or for a grandchild £2,500.” Mr Goldthorpe also recommends that people take out a life insurance policy, which is written into trust, thus not forming a part of your estate. He said: “HMRC treats premiums as a lifetime gift, but if they’re below the annual £3,000 exemption or the gifts are out of normal income exemption, then they are considered tax free.”   