Piers Morgan appeared alongside the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to co-host her second summit in the war-torn nation's capital on Saturday. The TalkTV host was there to "shine a light" on the toll of Russia's invasion. However, the former Good Morning Britain is facing a backlash for attending the event. Ahead of the summit, Piers penned to his 7.9million Twitter followers: "I was honoured to be invited by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to co-host her second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, in Kyiv. "Join us online from around the world later today as we shine a light on Ukraine and its war-torn people." Piers took to the stage alongside Ukrainian television presenter Anna Homonai as one of the moderators of the summit on Saturday afternoon. President Volodymyr Zelensky's wife chaired the international event which marks the 150th day of Russia's invasion of their country.  READ MORE: Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles Leading world experts, as well as celebrities, were invited to be part of the summit. David Beckham, actress Mila Kunis and her actor husband Ashton Kutcher were some of the famous faces expected to attend the event alongside Piers. The summit, which was broadcast to more than 20 countries, was streamed on YouTube. However, many viewers were left baffled as to why Piers was co-hosting the international event.  @classmaaaan tweeted: "It’s mad all the globalists are being invited to Ukraine." @mots62646595 added: "Ukraine; celebrities treating it like Coachella." @Ohhhyabeauty_19 penned: "Be better if you donate some of your money to the victims of the war!" (sic) Max Wynne said: "I can’t understand if it’s war-torn how many celebrities and you get to go there? Aren’t you scared?"   DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan sparks fury over 'sexist' 'Uncensored angels' pic [LATEST]Piers Morgan lead tributes as much-loved Arsenal superfan Maria dies [UPDATE]Piers' TalkTV to host Sunak and Truss debate after Sky snub [INSIGHT] However, Matt Woking said: "Fair play Piers. Money where your mouth is. Respect." Ethan Green commented under a video of Piers at the summit: "I've just finished reading your book Piers, you really did raise some issues that still need to be resolved. Great Read!" Viewers who could not understand Ukrainian were left confused as an interpreter spoke over Piers throughout the summit. There were no subtitles available on the YouTube live stream, so it was impossible to understand what Piers was saying.  Various issues were covered during the event such as forced migration and the suffering of women and children since the start of the Russian invasion. Russian casualties have reached about 15,000, with an estimated 45,000 wounded, it is understood. Ukraine's forces are continuing to protect their nation despite horrific attacks on civilians and buildings from Vladimir Putin's troops. The Second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen is available to stream on YouTube. 