In the last week many Chinese cities were issued heat alert warnings, some cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou, Shaoxing, Ningbo on the E coast, Wuhan and Chongqing in Central China reached or topped 40C (104F). This is 2-4 Celsius higher than the average temperature at the same periods ( early July) over the last 10 years according to the Chinese National Meteorological Office. Shanghai, a city with more than 25 million people experienced temperatures above 40C in the past week and residents are living only with the air conditioning and working from home mostly in such challenging heat conditions. The heatwave has so far spanned 15 days with temperatures above 35C - including three days with temperatures above 40C. While cities like Zhengzhou in Hebei reached 44C (111 Fahrenheit) far exceeding historical highs. (Should body temperature rise to 111C death would be almost certain.) The human body really struggles at these temperatures and many cases of severe, and indeed fatal, heatstroke have been reported in Shanghai, Hangzhou and Shaoxing in Zhejiang and the Jiangsu, Fujian and Sichuan provinces. Heatwaves are a particularly problem for the over-65s who face a 10 percent higher risk of heat-related death. Last night the UK Met Office announced the UK's first ever day of temperatures above 40C. In such temperatures the chance of fire escalates and, as most of the infrastructures in the UK were built in the Victorian era or before WWII and the building materials absorb solar radiation trapping the heat energy inside the building, Britain is especially badly affected. Across Europe heatwaves sparked wildfires in France, Spain and Portugal while across the Atlantic US cities in Arizona, Texas, Colorado, and Oklahoma also shared the heat-trapping experience reaching about 40C or plus during last week. In light of climate change the World Meteorological Organisation is alarmed that extreme temperatures will continue until at least the 2060s. Similar fears are echoed by the recently published IPCC AR6 report that projects a 2-4C temperature rise depending on our efforts on carbon mitigation and naturalisation. Cities should take opportunities to implement “nature-based solutions” and pursue urban greening and vegetation that can lower-down the urban heat effects by absorbing carbon dioxide via plants, plus the shading effects to cool down the heat to enhance a “win-win” strategy against the future heatwaves in uncertain climate extreme. Dr Faith Chan, Deputy Head of School and Associate Professor of Environmental Sciences, University of Nottingham in Ningbo, China.