The new series of A Place in the Sun continued this week but fans tuning into Channel 4 on Friday weren’t impressed to find the property show had been cancelled. Instead, the second British Grand Prix Practice session at Silverstone aired in its place.    Throughout the new series so far, the team of presenters have visited the West Dordogne region of France, Malaga, Spain and Central Algarve, Portugal to name a few. However, those hoping to get their fix of European sun on Friday were left disappointed. Live coverage of the British Grand Prix practice session aired in its place. Drivers took to the track for a second time to test their mettle on the Northamptonshire circuit. Read more: A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton shut down during 'tricky' search    Fans of A Place in the Sun weren’t happy to learn they’d have to wait till Monday to watch a new episode. Unimpressed Channel 4 viewer @Beckie_Miller_ tweeted a picture with the words “boo, boo” and wrote: “ Taking off #APlaceInTheSun for F1 practice. I say to you CH4…” @paulmc03 added with a grumpy-looking gif: “No #aplaceinthesun because of F1.” “Ah, balls. Guess we're back Monday 'placers #aplaceinthesun, “ @mostlystupid said.     @BuckBuck220 shared: “Was sat here waiting for #aplaceinthesun only to discover it's been cancelled.” @Crazier questioned: “There’s no #aplaceinthesun  today because of F1 practise? Why do they need to practise? Surely they know what they’re doing by now!? B****y liberty.” “Taking off APITS for Formula One practice?  The cheek of it  off to the garden with alcohol it is then  cheers until Monday placer pals #aplaceinthesun,” @mcharper04 remarked. The British Grand Prix qualifiers take place on Saturday ahead of the race on Sunday. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King stunned as buyers walk off  [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opens up on cut scenes [INTERVIEW]  Next week, A Place in the Sun continues as the team of experts hope to find buyers their dream properties. Craig Rowe, Leah Charles-King, Jasmine Harman and Laura Hamilton will be on hand to help buyers. Ben Hillman, Danni Menzies and Sara Damergi will also be presenting this series. For the first time on A Place in the Sun, Jean Johannsson will be jetting off to Sardinia.    Later on in the series, she will be showing Katrina and Colin around five properties on the island. Sardinia has some of the most beautiful beaches in Europe but will their expectations match up to reality? Elsewhere, the team will return to some of the show’s favourite locations including the Costa Del Sol and the Canary Islands. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.   