Faye Brookes, 34, took to her social media on Tuesday to reveal that she and her former beau have decided to end their relationship after three years together. Faye, who was best known for playing Kate Connor in the ITV soap opera, took to Twitter to confirm the news, telling her fans they had "very sadly" split. Faye wrote that she and personal trainer Joe have decided to go their separate ways. Faye, from Flixton, told her followers that their friendship remains "stronger than ever". Just last month, she opened up about working on renovations to their "forever home" together after selling their apartment in Manchester and moving out of the city centre last year. She tweeted: "Just wanted to say that, very sadly, after nearly three years Joe and I have decided to go our separate ways. READ MORE: Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display "We had the most wonderful of times, and our mutual respect, admiration and friendship remains stronger than ever." Earlier this year, the stage and screen actress, who is currently playing the iconic role of Roxie Hart in the Chicago UK tour, described her partner Joe as her "rock", while reflecting on life-changing events. In June, she shared a photo on her Instagram of herself and Joe planning their home transformation as she spoke of the difficulties of constantly being on the road. "Still planning away…" she typed. "Our home renovations are still ongoing and probably will be for the duration of our summer." She added: "It’s not easy when I am constantly on the road with my job so we have to make sure that we check in with one another. Behind the scenes, all you’ll see is a stream of continuous messages back and forth to one another finalising decisions that have to be made about our forever home." Faye went public with her romance with Joe at the end of 2019. She was previously engaged to Pop Idol finalist Gareth Gates. The former couple promised to remain friends after reaching a mutual decision to call off their wedding after realising "it wasn't meant to be". DONT MISS:Louise Redknapp stuns fans with 'gorgeous' looks in bikinis (PHOTOS)Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee (NEWS)Linda Nolan stuns in wedding look as nephew Shane Roche ties the knot (LATEST) Gareth popped the question at a friend’s high-rise apartment in New York with a four-carat diamond ring after they'd dated on and off for seven years. During the proposal, the pop star performed a 17-minute song that he had written for Faye on a grand piano. Faye played Kate in Coronation Street from 2015 to 2019. Last year she finished runner-up on Dancing On Ice to Capital radio presenter Sonny Jay. She previously said she had always wanted to play the role of Roxie and is "savouring every second" on the tour. She said: "I fought so hard for this role. “Roxie is like an onion you can't stop peeling back the layers, so I'm savouring every single second." Last week she shared a new picture of herself in costume in her dressing room alongside the message: "Four weeks of Roxie." Faye has also said that she would love to return to Corrie one day as Kate. She said she feels grateful that the door was "left very much open" for her to one day return after her character left to go travelling.