The presenter, 41, left the YMU Group in 2020 to launch her own firm, Roxy Management. This sparked a row over a 'sunset clause' stating that YMU should net 15 per cent of her future salaries on contracts already arranged by them. Willoughby reportedly earns £730,000 a year from ITV work, growing to £1.5million with commercial endorsements for Marks and Spencer, Garnier and other firms. But it has been reported that both she and YMU have now settled their dispute out of court, which "paid off handsomely" for the mum of three. One source revealed: "She's now free to earn millions of pounds for years to come and become the most powerful woman in British TV. Argued "She is now very much her own boss and agent." Willoughby was with YMU - which represents her This Morning co-star Phillip Schofield, as well as Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Amanda Holden - for 13 years. The star is said to have argued that she herself had negotiated her renewed contracts after setting up Roxy, which is an all-female firm. She first called in her lawyers after YMU asked for a slice of her future earnings when she decided to quit. As well as This Morning, former model Willoughby - who wed TV producer Dan Baldwin in 2007 - fronts other shows, such as Dancing On Ice. But she also benefits from advertising deals with stores such as Dunelm, and charges £25,000 for speaking engagements. Last year she set up her own lifestyle brand, Wylde Moon. The insider added: "Holly is thrilled and extremely relieved. She never wanted a big court showdown, but always insisted she wanted to fight for what she believed to be right and fair." Both Willoughby and YMU Group have been approached for comment - but it is believed that both parties have signed non-disclosure agreements so cannot discuss details. Meanwhile, it has been claimed the BBC are hoping to signWilloughby to host another series of the reality show Freeze The Fear With Wim Hof, alongside comic Lee Mack. The plan is part of its bid to poach her from ITV with a seven-figure pay packet.