Type 2 diabetes is the result of a dysfunction in the way the body processes insulin - a hormone secreted by the pancreas. The primary goal of insulin is to regulate blood sugar - the main type of sugar found in blood. Within insulin production effectively out of action, blood sugar levels are left to rise and this can have ruinous effects. Luckily, there is a drink on hand that can dramatically reduce high blood sugar levels: water. Diabetes.co.uk explains: "The bodies of people with diabetes require more fluid when blood glucose levels are high. This can lead to the kidneys attempting to excrete excess sugar through urine. "Water will not raise blood glucose levels, which is why it is so beneficial to drink when people with diabetes have high blood sugar, as it enables more glucose to be flushed out of the blood." As the health body points out, water is the "perfect" drink for people with diabetes because it contains no carbohydrates or calories. READ MORE: Diabetes: Study finds 'just 1g' of an 85p spice boosts insulin and may 'reverse' diabetes Watching your carbohydrate intake is of particular importance if you have type 2 diabetes because carbs are broken down into glucose faster than other food groups. This causes a marked rise in blood sugar levels shortly after consuming them. Mounting evidence points to the blood sugar-lowering capabilities of water. One notable study, published in the journal Diabetes Care, suggested that when water intake is increased, this could prevent or delay the onset of hyperglycaemia (high blood sugar) and subsequent diabetes. DON'T MISSAlzheimer's: Hidden sign that appears 17 years before [INSIGHT]James Garner: Star died from heart attack after stroke - link? [ADVICE]B12 deficiency: Patients report same symptom at night [TIPS] Participants that consumed more than one litre of water per day had a 28 percent lower risk of developing new onset hyperglycaemia, compared to those drinking less than 500ml of water per day. The researchers also highlighted the hormone vasopressin – which rises when dehydration occurs – as a possible risk factor for hyperglycaemia and diabetes. While the study had limitations, the authors concluded that increased water intake could reduce the likelihood of heightened vasopressin levels. If you don't care much for the taste of water, why not spruce it up with a slice of fruit, such as orange, lemon or lime. READ MORE: Diabetes warning: The popular drink that affects blood sugar ‘each time it’s consumed’  You can prepare cut slices of these fruits and store them in the freezer ready for use. A healthy diet and keeping active will help you manage your blood sugar level. It'll also help you control your weight and generally feel better. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms include: See a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes, advises the NHS.