Jose Mourinho has revived a decade-long interest in Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha. That is according to Italian outlet TuttoMercatoWeb, who claim AS Roma have held talks over a move for the Manchester United flop. Zaha has been the subject of constant transfer speculation in recent seasons. Arsenal were previously linked before deciding on a club-record move for Nicolas Pepe in 2019, while Everton failed in a deadline-day approach in the same year. The Ivory Coast international has enjoyed another productive campaign at Selhurst Park. The Eagles' talisman netted 14 top-flight goals as Patrick Vieira's side finished 12th in the Premier League and reached the FA Cup semi-final. However, reports in April suggested Palace are 'open to offers' for their long-serving forward. Zaha has entered the final year of his contract at Selhurst Park, and this would be the last chance for the club to cash-in if the 29-year-old refuses to commit to a new deal. JUST IN: Jose Mourinho’s failed Wayne Rooney pursuit offers Chelsea valuable transfer lessons  TuttoMercatoWeb claim talks are in 'progress' between Roma and Palace over a prospective deal. There is no suggestion the clubs have agreed a fee for the forward at this stage. Mourinho was first credited with an interest in Zaha in 2012 during his time in charge at Real Madrid. The Palace prospect was enjoying a stellar campaign as Ian Holloway's side secured a return to the Premier League. However, it was Manchester United who ultimately managed to land a deal just months later. Zaha was Sir Alex Ferguson's final signing, but the forward only made two Premier League appearances before returning to Palace. READ MORE Tottenham's Nicolo Zaniolo move in danger with another club to schedule Roma meeting Jose Mourinho eyeing transfer raid for Chelsea flop but encounters 'complicated' situation Cristiano Ronaldo could be set for Jose Mourinho reunion after 'Man Utd quit decision'    Mourinho led Roma to their first trophy in 11 years in his first seaon in the Italian capital, with victory over Feyenoord in the final of the Europa Conference League. The former Chelsea and Manchester United boss has already successfully raided the Premier League with a move for Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham last summer. Abraham had fallen out of favour under Thomas Tuchel, but kickstarted his career in Italy with 26 goals in all competitions. The 24-year-old has also forced his way back into Gareth Southgate's plans with England ahead of the World Cup. READ MORE: Paul Pogba explains when Jose Mourinho relationship collapsed at Man Utd in documentary 