An eyewitness took to Twitter to share a video of the rising smoke, commenting: "Huge fire in Stone, Staffordshire. Can see clearly from golf club, fire is raging." A Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said it was called to the blaze at 5.40pm today.   Four fire engines and about 20 firefighters are battling the flames in Mount Road, Stone. The spokeswoman said containers were on fire, but there are no reports of any injuries. Bakers Warburtons has a unit at an industrial estate in Mount Road. It has not been confirmed whether or not the blaze is at the family-run business's premises there.  The Staffordshire fire comes after a blaze saw homes evacuated in Red Cottage Drive in Calcot, Berkshire, overnight. A number of houses, vehicles and a caravan were damaged in the fire with crews at the scene for more than five hours. Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service said in a statement the fire affected two properties. Six firefighters wearing breathing apparatus worked to extinguish the flames using two hose reels and two main jets. More than 50 firefighters were at the scene at the peak of the blaze, Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service told the BBC. The incident has since been handed over to Thames Valley Police.  READ MORE ABOUT A PIT BULL ATTACK Meanwhile, a lorry fire on the M6 sparked chaos on the roads with huge queues forming in and around Preston, including on the M55. The HGV went up in flames just before 6am today with a stretch of the motorway remaining closed several hours. Footage taken at the scene showed smoke billowing into the sky. A photograph released by Lancashire Constabulary revealed the extent of the damage with the cabin badly burnt and the trailer destroyed. No-one was injured in the blaze. A spokesperson for Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service said: "Six fire engines from Preston, Fulwood, Penwortham, South Shore and Blackpool attended a vehicle fire on the M6 Southbound between junction 32and 31. The incident involved a HGV vehicle which was well alight when crews arrived."  DON'T MISS: Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? [REVEALED] RAF pilot's split second terror over buzzing noise mid-air [REPORT] London Euston chaos: Mass cancellations [LATEST] There were six miles of queues on the M55 with reported delays of up to 90 minutes. In Devon, people were urged today to keep their windows and doors closed as a gorse fire continued to spread at Bolberry Down. Firefighters issued the warning to residents in Bolberry and Hope Cove as Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service said it was working to contain the "difficult" fire. Landowner the National Trust said dry ground and the recent hot weather had probably caused the fire, which reignited last week.  