This could offer the broadcaster “predictable and sustainable levels of income”, said the communications and digital committee. The levy would be a flat fee regardless of consumption but means-tested to make it fairer than the current “regressive” licence fee and could be linked to council tax. The report ruled out funding the BBC by subscription, advertising or government grants. Peers warned the broadcaster faces “major challenges” as it will have to compete with “vastly better-funded international streaming giants”. Committee chair Baroness Stowell of Beeston said the greatest threat to the BBC’s future is not replacing the licence fee. She said: “The real danger is if the BBC doesn’t seize this opportunity to reform and demonstrate why it’s of value to audiences in this new world of endless choice." “That’s why the committee concluded that, when it comes to what the BBC does, the status quo is not an option. There will be choices for the Government and Parliament to make when it comes to funding mechanisms. But these decisions must be informed by a bold vision of what the BBC exists for." “So first, we are calling on the BBC to define its role more clearly and respond confidently with a plan that is ambitious about what and how it will change to serve the public interest in this fast-changing world.” Dennis Reed, director of campaigners Silver Voices, called for any licence replacement to be free to pensioners. He said: “Our view is very much that the over-75s’ free TV licence should not have been scrapped. It was a cruel decision and in any replacement tax there needs to be similar recognition for older people." “I would suggest that over the age of 70 after you have paid a TV licence fee or tax for probably 50 years you are entitled to some years of retirement with a free TV licence or tax.” Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries wants a new funding model before 2027 when the BBC’s royal charter is up for renewal. A BBC spokesperson said: “It is right there is a debate on whether the licence fee needs to evolve and if so, what comes next.” 