Reviewing the Italian Stack burger for Kent Live, Stephanie Bempong tucked into the fast-food chain's latest seasonal offering. The menu is made up of two different burgers, a side, and a new flavoured McFlurry, and is available until July 26. According to the new menu, the Italian Stack is described as "two 100% beef patties, [with] mozzarella, onions, crispy onions, a rich tomato sauce, lettuce and a smooth cheese sauce, all served within a freshly toasted tomato-and-basil flavoured bun". There is also the option of the Crispy Chicken Italiano, which is a "crispy chicken fillet topped with a juicy tomato slice, mozzarella, a basil pesto style sauce, red onion and lettuce, served up in a soft freshly toasted ciabatta style bun". The fast-food chain has also brought back the popular mozzarella dippers - an all-time favourite for many people- as well as a new Tiramisu McFlurry. Speaking to Kent Live, Stephanie shared her verdict: "I went out to my local McDonald's in Chatham to try the new menu for myself. I ate an Italian Stack burger, fries, mozzarella dippers with salsa, as well as a Strawberry and Cream Frappuccino. Everything added up to a total cost of £9.73, but I don't feel this meal was good value for money, as I struggled to finish it. And what's worse, the Italian Stack is one of the blandest burgers I've had in my life. "On my first bite, I was taken aback by the tomato sauce. Although it took away the dryness and blandness of the burger, it almost felt like I was eating a bowl of spaghetti bolognese, which isn’t exactly what I signed up for. "The fancy bun wasn't very inviting either, as it looked nothing like the pictures displayed online. The burger was engulfed with lettuce - almost too much for my liking. Meanwhile, the crispy onions in the description were nowhere to be seen, which is a massive shame. "What's more to say on the Italian Stack? The thick layer of cheese may have been my favourite part of the whole burger. McDonald's was very generous with the amount of cheese in this 'Premium' burger, but it is certainly not a favourite of mine and overall I'd rate it a 2/5. "I also picked up some mozzarella dippers. These are a guilty pleasure of mine and I tend to find myself often using up all the salsa dip that comes with them. You can never go wrong with these dippers. "The Strawberry and Cream Frappuccino, which is also limited edition, was great value for money. It was amazing and tasted very similar to the Starbucks one, which I occasionally treat myself to on the weekends. This Frappuccino is perfect for a hot summer's day and I reckon it should stay on the menu long-term. "I usually tend to go for chicken burgers or nuggets at McDonald's, and I think it would have been safer to try the new chicken burger. As a former burger restaurant worker, I can be quite picky when trying new burgers. I was very hopeful that I would enjoy this new one, but sadly that was not the case.   "Many people have taken to social media to share their opinions on this new Italian Stack burger. On Twitter, some have shared their outrage. "One person tweeted: 'Italian Stack is hands down the worst thing I’ve ever had from McDonald's. Absolutely bogging.' While another, wrote: 'You should have named it the McLasagna.' "Overall, I was not impressed by this new Italian menu and I definitely believe McDonald's has had better burgers on its menu, such as the McSpicy and Grand Big Mac. Those definitely should be brought back. "I don't think this Taste of Italy menu takes you to the coast of Milan, but rather makes you feel like you're in a Wetherspoons eating a lasagne. "Later on this month, McDonald's will also start selling its Taste of Spain and Cyprus menu options as well. Let's hope they're a little better."  