Travis Barker, 46, was urgently rushed to hospital by ambulance earlier this week. His wife, Kourtney Kardashian, has now broken her silence on the terrifying ordeal, explaining that Travis had damaged a critical pancreatic drainage tube which left him in “excruciating pain”. It came, as Kourtney told, after a routine endoscopy that the couple underwent together. Kourtney wrote on Instagram: “Oh what a scary and emotional week it has been. “Our health is everything and sometimes we take for granted how quickly it can change. “Travis and I went in for a routine endoscopy together and he ended up with severe, life-threatening pancreatitis. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap “I am so grateful to God for healing my husband, for all of your prayers for him and for us, for the overwhelming outpouring of love and support. I am so touched and appreciative. “I am so so thankful to our specialists, doctors and nurses at Cedars Sinai for taking such wonderful care of my husband and me during our stay.” She then added she was full of gratitude that “words could not express”. Travis also took to Instagram to share his first post since the emergency took place. He said he went in for an endoscopy on Monday, and has been "hospitalised ever since" with very painful symptoms. Explaining the endoscopy process, Travis said he had to have a “very small polyp removed” which damaged a critical organ and resulted in “life-threatening pancreatitis”. However, due to intensive treatment, the Blink 182 drummer is faring very well. News of Travis being taken to the hospital came out on Tuesday and Kourtney has remained by his side the whole time. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] Travis' daughter Alabama, 16, previously took to TikTok to urge fans to “send their prayers” amid the crisis. On Wednesday, she wrote alongside an emotional emoji: “Please say a prayer”, showing a picture of herself holding her dad’s hand in the hospital. Travis’ eldest child Landon, 18, performed on stage alongside Machine Gun Kelly in New York City just hours after his dad’s medical emergency. Landon had reposted images and footage from the gig to his Instagram stories, but did not share anything regarding Travis’ health. The musician hadn't addressed the incident publicly until last night, but tweeted hours before his hospital dash: “God save me”. Travis and Kourtney married in May this year, during a ceremony in Portofino, Italy. They were surrounded by their family and friends, including Kourtney’s children, Mason 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she shares with former partner Scott Disick. The star's famous sisters and mum Kris Jenner were also in attendance.