Amazon has slashed the prices of all its ereaders ahead of Prime Day 2022 this week. Kindles are available for as low as £34.99, with models such as the Kindle with a front light, Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Oasis available for the best price ever. These deals have gone live ahead of Prime Day 2022, which runs on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13, and the offer won't be available after this annual sale ends - so time is running out if you want to grab one of these bargains. The cheapest Kindle available at the moment is the entry-level front model, which usually costs £69.99 but is available for £34.99 - and you can even get three months worth of Kindle Unlimited for it for free. Alternatively, if you've got more wiggle room in your budget one of the best ereaders money can buy - the Kindle Paperwhite - is available at its best price ever. The Kindle Paperwhite, which has a crisp 300ppi glare-free display, is waterproof and has speedy page turns, usually costs £129.99 for the version with ads. But right now this brilliant ereader is available for £84.99 - which marks a £45 saving. These deals, as well as others running on models such as the Paperwhite Signature Edition and Kindle Oasis, are exclusively available for Amazon Prime subscribers, but you can sign up to an Amazon Prime free trial to get access to the deals today. If you're after a Kindle ereader click here to head to the Amazon website to go through all the deals available. You can also find details on some of the Kindle deals running right now below... Kindle with built-in front light (With Ads) - WAS £69.99, NOW £34.99 - SAVE £35GET THE DEAL HERE Kindle Paperwhite (With Ads) - WAS £129.99, NOW £84.99 - SAVE £45GET THE DEAL HERE Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition (Without Ads) - WAS £179.99, NOW £134.99 - SAVE £45GET THE DEAL HERE Kindle Oasis - WAS £229.99, NOW £159.99 - SAVE £70GET THE DEAL HERE Kindle Kids - WAS £99.99, NOW £49.99 - SAVE £50GET THE DEAL HERE Bundles are also available with throw in a cover and power adaptor for the Kindle of your choice. And with any of the Kindles listed online you can also get three months worth of Kindle Unlimited entirely for free. Kindle Unlimited is a subscription service which offers access to over a million ebooks, as well as thousands of Audible audiobooks and subscriptions to popular newsagent magazines. Kindle Unlimited usually costs £7.99 a month so this extra freebie offers an additional saving of almost £24. If you opt for a free Kindle Unlimited subscription when purchasing a Kindle just be aware auto-renew kicks in after your three month free trial is up. So make sure you cancel your subscription before then if you don't want to continue using the service. If you've already got a Kindle or aren't after a new ereader you may be interested to know that Amazon is running a great promotion on the Kindle Unlimited service. Prime subscribers can get three months of Kindle Unlimited for free, with this deal available to new subscribers. So if you're interested in this deal but are already enjoying a Kindle Unlimited free trial or are a paid member you can't take advantage of the offer. MORE LIKE THIS