Here Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, tells us everything we need to know about mowing our lawns. Read on to discover exactly how you should be mowing yours. Mowing your lawn not only prevents your garden from looking like an overgrown jungle but also plays a key part in keeping your lawn healthy. The longer your grass is, the harder it is for the root system below the ground to work, as the plant will need more nutrients and water than if the grass was shorter. Therefore, the more consistent you are with your mowing, the easier it is for your lawn to thrive. Regular mowing also encourages growth, which creates a thicker, stronger lawn that is more prepared to deal with disease and weeds. The more resilient your lawn, the less likely you are to need the weedkiller! READ MORE: July gardening jobs: 'Three main jobs' to keep your lawn 'looking healthy' this month Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In the main growing season, you should be mowing your lawn every two to three days. While many would recommend not mowing in winter, we’d recommend a mow every couple of weeks as it’s much easier to maintain your lawn than it is to start fresh every spring. Just keep an eye on the weather, the less mild the winter, the more likely the grass will grow, leaving you with no other option than to mow your lawn. DON'T MISSHow to water garden and lawn to protect it during [HEATWAVE] Hot weather to fry lawns across the country today - save your grass [HOW TO] How to revitalise your dying grass - 'get it looking luscious' [EXPERT] While a perfectly striped lawn is desired by many, it’s important to note that varying your mowing pattern is the best option for your lawn over time. By alternating your mowing direction each week, your stripes will look slightly different and you’re not repeatedly forcing the grass to bend in one direction. Aside from changing the direction vertically, have a go at mowing across the lawn or even diagonally. Not only is this also good for your lawn but it also keeps your lawn looking interesting! Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There are a lot of mowers on the market, so choosing the right one can be overwhelming. To simplify it, there are two types of mowers to choose from for your lawn: rotary and cylinder mowers. Both have positives and negatives, so it’s best to base your decision on the kind of lawn you have, and the look you are trying to achieve. A rotary mower is the most common and is the best choice if you have lots of objectives to navigate around if your garden is uneven or if your grass is long. That’s because it has a big spinning blade underneath a chassis, which creates a hoover-like effect, sucking the grass up before chopping the tops off. The other option is a cylinder: a cylindrical-shaped set of blades with a roller in front. The quality of the cut is generally much better, as the blades spin while chopping off the tops of the grass, all while striping your lawn with the roller. They are the ideal option if you want a low mow, which is why they are the chosen mower for professional sports pitches and bowling greens; however, they are no good on uneven lawns or long grass and should be avoided on most domestic lawns.