Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has hinted that Erling Haaland could start the Community Shield clash with Liverpool next week after the striker scored his first goal for the club on Sunday morning. Haaland scored the only goal as the Premier League champions beat Bayern Munich in Wisconsin. Haaland tapped home Jack Grealish’s cross just 12 minutes into his first appearance in a City shirt. Head coach Guardiola has suggested that the Norwegian could start against Liverpool next Saturday as he needs to continue gaining ‘rhythm’. "He scored a goal, it's important, these types of balls in front of the ‘keeper - always he's there. The first minutes, he needs more rhythm, more time. Already he had 40 minutes, that's good for him,” Guardiola told journalists after the game. “We see how he reacts to the niggles he had in previous weeks. When we're back we have long weeks to prepare for weekend games and this period, two, three weeks we will get the best from him.” Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo loan deal, Kounde 'rejects' Chelsea Haaland has suffered a couple of small injuries since joining City. It meant that the clash with Bayern was his first outing since his blockbuster £51million transfer from Borussia Dortmund. Guardiola has said that the 21-year-old and fellow new additions Julian Alvarez, Kalvin Phillips and Stefan Ortega have all settled in well. The City boss has also handed minutes to some of the club’s promising young players. "He's been training really well, looks like a really nice guy, down to earth. Not just him, he's an important signing but Julian [Alvarez], Kalvin [Phillips], Stefan [Ortega], the young lads,” Guardiola continued. DON'T MISS...Man City boss Guardiola told he insulted Mexican football after mix-upJesus waxes lyrical about 'animal' in Arsenal squad following transferSterling puts Tuchel in his place and leaves Chelsea stars cheering “I was impressed with Josh [Wilson-Esbrand] and Rico [Lewis] when he played some minutes. They were so intelligent, the biggest quality with the ball. "The result wasn't important. Important is the lack of preparation we have - two weeks, we played two good games, make a lot of chances. [But] we concede counter attacks because it's important when they are ready to counter inside we have people in other positions." City’s Premier League success means they will face FA Cup winners and likely 2022-23 title rivals Liverpool in the Community Shield. It will be an early look at how the two teams could perform next term. Guardiola’s side have undergone a mini overhaul to refresh the Spaniard’s squad. Their four new signings have joined the Etihad Stadium outfit while the likes of Gabriel Jesus, Raheem Sterling and Oleksandr Zinchenko have departed.