Freeview users across the UK have faced major changes over the past week with some channels changing names, others moving positions on the TV planner and around 10 services being taken off air for good. The disruption is all to do with one of the signals, named COM7, that was used by Freeview to beam content into living rooms being switched off to make way for improved 5G mobile data speeds. If you use Freeview you are advised to retune your set-top box or television immediately to make sure things are all up to date. However, once that's all done don't be shocked if you suddenly find some BBC channels have mysteriously vanished. The UK broadcaster had already warned viewers that the signal shutdown would mean the end the BBC News HD but now it appears that two other services are temporarily affected as well. Right now, viewers who enjoy CBeebies HD and BBC Four HD won't be able to sit down and enjoy these pin-sharp channels with BBC confirming that they will be off air for the foreseeable future. READ MORE: Millions of Freeview users just lost 10 channels as TV signal is shut down for good Luckily, when they do return, more homes will get access with increased coverage coming to both Beebies HD and BBC Four HD. "These channels are temporarily unavailable but they will return soon with a substantial increase in coverage. Once reinstated, many more households will be able to enjoy access to these channels." There's no word on when these two high-definition platforms will make a comeback but we'll update this article once we hear more. Of course, it's not just the BBC that's been hit by the reduced capacity with a number of other channels also no longer available on Freeview. A total of 10 services have been shut down because of the COM7 closure with FreeSports, More4+1, QVC HD and Forces TV just some of the casualties. Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Freeview spokesman said: “Since the decision by Ofcom to make more airwaves available for mobile data, the Ofcom licence for some channels broadcasting on Freeview has expired. This means that affected channels are making changes to the way they are broadcast moving forward."