The award-winning actor is best known for his role in the hit 1969 film, in which he starred alongside Paul Newman. However, in an archive interview shown in BBC's Talking Pictures, Robert explained during an interview with Michael Parkinson he hadn't been "known" enough at the time the film was being made and admitted he did the role for "practically nothing". In a special edition of BBC's Talking Pictures, the episode explored iconic partnerships between the most popular stars. One pairing included Robert Redford and Paul Newman, who remained close friends long after the iconic film. Speaking to Michael Parkinson in 1980, Robert reflected on his role and how it came about for him. "That was the film that went out of whack," he commented. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims "I had made films before - there was one film that was successful before that, in America anyway. "But nothing to that degree where it got outsized." The actor made the surprise revelation that movie producers "didn't want" him at the time. "That film was a film that, for me, was very comfortable," he stated.  "The studio didn't want me in that film because I was not known. "They were trying o have a star comparable with Paul (Newman) to be with. "And I practically did it for nothing, that film, because I just felt comfortable playing that role." He concluded: "So it was enjoyable... I probably had more fun making that film than any film that I did." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Alfie Moon crashes Kat and Phil's wedding [THEORY]Carol Kirkwood bickers with BBC Breakfast co-star [VIDEO]Gogglebox sparks backlash as fans fume over best bits special [REACTION] Robert, now 85, has won many awards for his roles in films throughout the past few decades. He earned an Emmy nomination as Best Supporting Actor in The Voice of Charlie Point and had appeared in several other roles, but it was Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid which launched his career. Paul and Robert's friendship was as strong off-screen as it had been in film. Paul died in 2008 at the age of 83 following a diagnosis of lung cancer. Decades later, Robert reflected on his friend's personality and revealed Paul was a "nervous" person. “He was a chatty, nervous guy who was always biting his fingernails," he told The Toronto Sun. “He used to chain smoke, before he stopped smoking, and was always drinking a beer. He was a very nervous guy.” Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.