China's leader Xi Jinping has his eyes set on Taiwan as his military is gearing up for a potential invasion of the island. China does not recognise the independence of Taiwan and instead considers it under the governance of the People’s Republic of China under the One-China principle. However, Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen has made it clear the island is fully independent, rejecting Xi Jinping’s sovereignty claim. Since Putin’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, fears have mounted over a potential Chinese incursion into Taiwan.  When asked whether he thought China could invade Taiwan, the United States Army General Milley told BBC News: "Could, should or would? Those are keywords there. In terms of capability, I think China clearly is developing a capability. President Xi has mentioned that in public forums. He’s mentioned it in speeches, that he has challenged the PLA (People’s Liberation Army) to develop the capability to attack Taiwan at some point in time. "And whether they would or not though is a political choice, a policy choice. And that will be based off of how the Chinese view the cost-risk-benefit at the time. And I would tell you that we watch that very, very closely. "As you know, China is very much growing – not only an economic power and political power in the world but they are very much a growing military power in the world. And we, the United States, pay very, very close attention to what China is doing." China has repeatedly carried out patrols and drills in the airspace and sea around Taiwan in recent months in attempts to intimidate the island, which has been defending its integrity and sovereignty against China’s People’s Republic (CPR).  China’s Defence Minister Wei Fenghe pledged China will "fight to the very end" to stop Taiwan from declaring independence. Minister Fenghe said: "Those who pursue Taiwanese independence in an attempt to split China will definitely come to no good end. No one should ever underestimate the resolve and ability of the Chinese armed forces to safeguard its territorial integrity." His comments came a few weeks after US President Joe Biden signalled a change in the US foreign policy towards Taiwan by saying the United States would get involved militarily if China were to attack the island. Until then, the United States had pursued the political ambiguity policy – a policy meant to ease tensions in areas of contention. However, with that statement, the American President adopted a clarity strategy, which angered some members of China’s Government. READ MORE: Massive rescue operation as ship breaks in TWO in South China Sea On the signs China might invade Taiwan, Mr Milley said: "There’s no indications or warning of anything imminent at this time. But again, we watch it very, very closely." BBC News presenter Sophie Raworth then asked: "Britain is also cutting its troops numbers. Do all armies need more troops, or can we rely now on technology?" Commander Milley said: "Well, I think what you really want to do is look at capability. So, there are two terms that are often used: capacity and capability. Capacity refers to size and numbers – and I think size does matter. "I think it’s important to have sufficient size and capacity: the number of planes, the number of tanks and the number of troops. I think that’s important." DON'T MISS:Putin’s ‘leverage’ as Russia turns to China to sell its natural gas [REPORT]China on track for 'contagious crash' within weeks - threat for world [REPORT]Rolls-Royce vows to remain British in spite of foreign investment [INSIGHT] "But what you really want to do is look at capability," Commander Milley said. "And capability consists of technology. It consists of leadership. It consists of how training and how well trained the troops are on their skillsets. "So, it’s a combination of all of that that delivers combat capability or combat power to a battlefield. And I think it’s for us as professional soldiers, that’s what we look at. We look at the capability of a military – not just its numbers, which are important. Not just technology, which is important. "But it’s the combination of both of those plus leaders plus training plus their doctrine and their way of war. All of that in combination creates capability on a battlefield. That’s what we look at." READ NEXT:Xi Jinping 'doesn't fully understand' economic crisis facing China China bristles under mounting pressure as Canberra warns over Taiwan Five pieces of bad news for Putin: Russia's troubles laid bareMacron savaged for nuclear deal with China despite NATO warningNATO: Biden in huge gaffe as he mistakes Switzerland for Sweden