Hovis has issued a warning against a breakfast product because it has undeclared eggs. Ormo (Hovis) Food Service Frozen Pancakes with Buttermilk. Pack size: Box containing 12 x 4 packs Best before: All best before dates between February 8, 2023 to July, 11 2023. READ MORE: Avoid crying when cutting onions using simple knife 'trick' - 'it's... The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement. It stated: "This product contains egg making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg." The agency also offered advice to consumers who may be affected by the recall. This read: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to egg, do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." Customers will not need a receipt to redeem their refund. Actions are being taken by Hovis to ensure that all customers are safe. The FSA assured them: "Hovis Ltd is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. READ MORE: The way you cut cheese determines its taste - tips and tricks "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." For anyone who has already purchased the product, they can check the best before label which is located on the label on the side of the box. For further information, customers can contact Hovis on 0800 022 3394 or consumercare@hovis.co.uk.Hovis is stocked across many major supermarkets and convenience stores across the UK. The FSA explained why food products are occasionally recalled. "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."