The Tory MP was handed the new Cabinet role of Brexit Opportunities Minister earlier this year following the departure from Government of former Brexit Minister Lord Frost. Since this time, a Freedom of Information request has found that he has five civil servants working for him as part of his role. The cost of this employment, on top of Mr Rees-Mogg’s ministerial salary, would be £202,000, according to the SNP. Michelle Thomson MSP described the cost as “obscene” given that Brexit opportunities, in her view, do not exist. She, quoted in the Daily Record, said: “The Tories would be as well searching for a crock of gold at the end of a rainbow as they are looking for Brexit opportunities – neither of them exists. "The money they have spent is obscene and the only difference they can claim so far is selling apples and bananas in pounds instead of kilos.” Mr Rees-Mogg was earlier this month mock after he told LBC that one advantage of the UK withdrawing from the UK was that the country had avoided a two percent price increase for fish fingers. Mrs Thomson added: “Jacob Rees-Mogg is on a fool's errand – there are no opportunities from Brexit, only downsides. "As a result, Scotland is being held back by the UK.” European Movement UK, an anti-Brexit campaign group, agreed that this amounted to “a complete waste of wages”. READ MORE: Fury as 'schizophrenic' Brussels buckles to Putin The SNP also used the criticism of post-Brexit spending to boost its campaign for Scottish independence. The party is seeking to deliver a second referendum by the end of next year. It has, however, been mocked for insisting upon independence from the UK while hoping to rejoin the EU. Mrs Thomson said: "Already Scotland is suffering the harsh reality of Brexit as some of our trade with Europe has fallen, all at the expense of world-renowned Scottish businesses. And even Labour has told Scotland there is no way back to the EU, no matter the consequences. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] "Westminster control means Scotland is being held back compared to independent countries of a similar size. The only way to unlock Scotland's full potential is with independence." Responding this week to a new paper from the Scottish Government which argues the country would be more democratic outsiders the UK, James Mitchell, Professor of Public Policy, Edinburgh University, noted: “The fear for supporters of self-government is that an independent Scotland would simply replicate much of the worst of Westminster. “What is on offer is not a proposal to renew democracy. This dismal, negative, uninspiring document suggests that the SNP would recreate a warped and discredited form of democracy, an independent Scotland that would simply be a little Britain.”  Express.co.uk approached the Cabinet office for comment.