Lucas Paqueta has yet to hold any negotiations with Arsenal but would be open to a Premier League switch. The Brazil playmaker's future at Lyon has been the subject of transfer speculation in recent days, with the Gunners tipped to make a move. Paqueta registered nine goals and five assists in Ligue 1 last season, but it was a disappointing campaign for the French side. Lyon finished eighth, and have already begun to reshape their squad with the free transfers of Alexandre Lacazette and Corentin Tolisso. Paqueta has bounced back from a difficult introduction to European football with AC Milan to establish himself as one of Ligue 1's leading stars and a regular starter for his country. Now, the 24-year-old is being linked with a Premier League move with both Arsenal and Newcastle United credited with an interest. A recent report from French outlet Media Foot claimed Mikel Arteta was 'pushing hard' to convince the attacking midfielder to sign with the Gunners this summer. Fabrizio Romano writing for Caught Offside insists Arsenal are yet to open negotiations for Paqueta. JUST IN: Man Utd 'pessimistic' about signing Erik ten Hag transfer target they feel is 'overpriced'  However, the former Flamengo prospect is said to be keen to test himself in the Premier League. Lyon could also be tempted to sell, but would likely demand in excess of £50million which could prove problematic. Spanish title AS claim Paqueta's camp are not denying interest in the player from Arsenal and Newcastle. But at this stage, this interest has not developed into a formal approach from either side. Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas recently claimed bids have already come in for Paqueta. Aulas did not name the interested clubs, but his comments did suggest the club could be open to a sale for the right fee. READ MORE: Chelsea threaten Arsenal and Man Utd moves for Serge Gnabry as Raphinha chooses BarcelonaMesut Ozil eyes next club as 'Fenerbahce contract terminated' after four months frozen outChelsea chiefs ‘identify N’Golo Kante replacement’ with Arsenal hoping Blues will cash in    Aulas told reporters via Goal: “There are proposals for him. There are certain players who can feel complete in the project, and others who don't. “Economically, we have the means to pursue our ideas and objectives. The coach gave us his opinion and there is also what the players wants to do.” 