Opening up the packages, the brave heroes were astounded to find the sweet images of hearts, flowers and the Ukrainian flag. The children had even learned some Ukrainian and Russian letters to be able to write messages to other children in Ukraine. “How lovely,” one soldier says as he opened one of the pictures, while another added: “Super nice!”. A third can be heard just repeatedly saying "wow" as they opened up the packages to find even more drawings and pictures. Oliver Morley, 50, is the co-founder of Never Surrender UA, the group behind the deliveries to frontline soldiers. Already more than £1 million worth of non-lethal kit has been transported thanks to donations from Brits, including 600 bulletproof vests, 1,000 helmets, 500 medical kits. But it was the pictures drawn by children in a special needs unit in Penyrheol Comprehensive School in Swansea that really hit home. Oliver said: “When they open those pictures, they were just blown away. They couldn’t believe these children had done that for them, to take home to their children.” A team from the Never Surrender UA group has been travelling across Ukraine, dropping off these vital supplies as well as things like 4x4 vehicles, for the last few months since the invasion was launched. And Oliver has been joined by hundreds of people up and down the UK trying to help the cause, including “the brilliant Ukrainians girls who pack and sort the kits in London” and the “wonderful Welsh ladies who do the same in Wales and collect money and donations.” The property developer said everyone has their own full-time jobs and lives, but knew they all wanted to help Ukraine, adding: “You’ve just got to pull your socks up and crack on. British spirit and all that. “When we deliver these packages, the guys - hardened guys - just melt when they see what we’ve brought. "They don't feel alone, it’s a comfort knowing someone can be bothered to come all the way from England to try and do what we can. “They say, ‘I feel like a lion, we can’t believe you’ve come’.”