Cristiano Ronaldo has not offered his services to Paris Saint-Germain ahead of next season despite suggestions that he has been pushing to join the French giants over the last few weeks, according to reports. The Portuguese maestro is believed to be keen on seeking a new challenge in the not-too-distant future after Manchester United failed to secure Champions League qualification at the end of the previous campaign. Ronaldo has been linked with a number of top sides as of late, including the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and PSG. A recent meeting between the latter club and the forward's agent, Jorge Mendes, initially sparked rumours that he could be on his way to Paris this summer but it seems as though the proposed move is unlikely to come to fruition.PSG chiefs did meet with Mendes to discuss a number of his clients but Ronaldo was not one of them, according to Le 10 Sport. It is said that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner has never directly or indirectly offered himself to PSG in spite of reports to the contrary in recent weeks.Mendes instead spoke about the availability of Vitinha and Renato Sanches, who had been heavily linked with PSG since the end of last season. The former has already joined their ranks from Porto for a transfer fee in the region of £37million, while the latter is still believed to be a target and could soon be on his way to the Parc des Princes if a deal can be agreed with Lille in the near future. JUST IN: Tottenham at 'front of queue' for Jules Kounde as other clubs watch on PSG are not interested in chasing a move for Ronaldo as things stand, with those in power exploring other avenues in their efforts to strengthen their ranks at the top of the pitch. Their overwhelming priority is to clear out a number of fringe players, though, with the likes of Mauro Icardi, Abdou Diallo and Idrissa Gueye widely expected to move on over the course of the summer window.Ronaldo, meanwhile, was granted special permission to delay his pre-season return to United due to family reasons and is yet to inform club chiefs as to when he will come back to Manchester in advance of the new campaign. The Red Devils are keen on keeping hold of the 37-year-old in spite of his desire to leave the club, with Erik ten Hag having already insisted that he remains a key part of their plans for the season ahead. "We are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo for the season and that's it and I'm looking forward to working with him," the United boss told reporters earlier this week."I have read but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk."That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together. What I said before, once again, I had a really good talk together." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.