Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta claims he knows how many more signings he wants to make this summer - but will not reveal it publicly. The Gunners have already made five additions to their squad and Arteta says he is not finished there. Oleksandr Zinchenko became the fifth player through the door on Friday, joining from Manchester City for a fee of up to £32million. Arsenal are the biggest spenders in the Premier League so far this summer having committed to pay over £115m. Their outlay last summer was near to £150m and it could end up around that figure again in this window. Speaking to Sky Sports, Arteta has said he wants to see business in and out of the club. He said: "Very happy. I think we are completing what we planned. Transfer news LIVE: Kane in limbo, Chelsea to sell star man, Ronaldo swap deal  "There is still a few things that we would like to do in and out and that will be determined by the possibilities that are on the market. We still have some players that are in contention to stay or go and the moment we have news we will communicate that." Arteta was then asked how many further signings he ideally wants to make. But he was keeping his cards close to his chest, replying: "We do have a number. We cannot share it." Arsenal's squad is well-stocked ahead of the new season. Arteta says he knows how he wants his squad to look by the end of the window and hopes it will turn out that way. He continued: "I think we all have in the Premier League bigger squads in pre-season because obviously all the loans have come back and you have to replace everybody in the right position. But we know where we're going to end up in the end of this transfer window and hopefully we can make it work." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag told he could already have 'the new Henry' to replace RonaldoChelsea despair as Kounde 'will be a Barcelona player' with deal '99 per cent done'Zinchenko asks hilarious Kevin De Bruyne question after Arsenal transfer  A host of players have returned to Arsenal after loan spells away from the club last season. Hector Bellerin is keen on a return to Spain after spending last term at Real Betis. Nicolas Pepe will be allowed to leave the club if a suitable offer comes in. Bernd Leno was in talks over a move to Fulham but that deal has stalled over Arsenal's asking price for the Germany goalkeeper. Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Reiss Nelson are also back at the club. The academy graduates have both entered the final year of their contracts. 