Prince Andrew had a civil sexual assault case filed against him over claims made by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre claimed that the Duke of York had sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations that Andrew has strenuously denied. Speaking on the latest Royal Round-Up, the Daily Express'  Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer discussed how palace aides have branded Andrew as "delusional" about the public's reaction and for thinking he can return back to normal royal life. Speaking of Prince Andrew, host Pandora Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: "Do you think that he's a little bit delusional if he thinks he's going to come back to the same popularity as he once had." Mr Palmer replied: "I've spoken to people in the royal circles, better not say more than that, who [are] really tearing their hair out with him. "[This is] because, you know, they say he is delusional about the public's reaction to him. "Nobody underestimates the public's shock and revulsion, his involvement in the Epstein scandal, more than Prince Andrew." READ MORE: Hardest working royal couple! William and Kate blown away as surprising duo take crown He added: "He people really understood how people feel no matter that's not been found guilty of any criminal offence, has not been charged with any criminal offence, he wouldn't constantly be thinking about making any, sort of, come back." Mr Palmer continued: "It's really difficult because he's what, he's sixty-two. "He may well have another forty years to live. "He's got to do something with his life and the question is, what could he do? READ MORE: Meghan Markle abandons 'any pretence of royal neutrality' with remarks in new interview "I think, you know, many people would suggest that the only thing he really can do is, work for a charity, but behind the scenes, in private." Ms Forsyth said: "Yeah, he wouldn't be able to be public-facing". The royal expert replied: "No, no. In 2019, Jeffrey Epstein was charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle slammed by Republicans for wading into politics [REPORT]Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [REVEAL] He pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell, the death later ruled a suicide. Prince Andrew, a friend of the late Epstein, sat down for an interview with Emily Maitlis in 2019. In this interview, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism and following this, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, to a close. READ NEXT: