Ahead of Manchester United's pre-season tour, new manager Erik ten Hag will have been eager to not only develop his first team but also evaluate the club's hopeful starlets knocking on the door of senior football. And two, in particular, have impressed the Dutchman at the start of his Red Devils reign. Charlie Savage and Zidane Iqbal caught the eyes of United supporters watching in Bangkok, Melbourne, and at home with their displays against Liverpool and Melbourne Victory last week. They've also made a positive first impression on Ten Hag, The Telegraph report. James Garner and Hannibal Mejbri were the midfielders that fans were excited to see in action during pre-season. But after Garner picked up an early knock at the start of United's camp, it paved the way for Savage and Iqbal to make the most of their opportunity to impress. With Europa League football on offer this season and, most likely, longer runs in both domestic cups, there will be minutes up for grabs. Whether the 19-year-old pair remain at United as U23 regulars or head out on loan to continue their development, their attitude and application will have been commended by Ten Hag at the start of his tenure. JUST IN: Ten Hag may have ruled out a position for Man Utd new boy Martinez Both deservedly received plaudits for their performances against Liverpool after coming on for the second half, in which Jurgen Klopp almost fielded a full-strength side for 30 minutes. Neither Savage nor Iqbal looked out of place in a midfield battle featuring Fabinho, Thiago Alcantara and Naby Keita as United ran out 4-0 winners. They've showcased applaudable levels of composure and maturity on the ball, with Savage producing a dazzling turn outside his own box to beat the press of one of the world's best players in Mohamed Salah. Against Melbourne Victory, Iqbal did similar as he flaunted confident dribbling and quick feet, while both star's passing range also hasn't failed to excite. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte warned of pushing aces to 'extreme level'  Ten Hag has emphasized fitness and quality on the ball in the opening month of his regime with a United squad among the Premier League's least physical last season. And the report adds some first-team players have struggled to keep pace with Savage on the training pitch. Tom Heaton, Scott McTominay and Sancho are said to have ensured Savage and Iqbal have settled into the senior group quickly, but both can clearly hold their own. That quality has been warmly welcomed throughout the squad. With United next in action against Crystal Palace on Tuesday, fans will be itching to see the duo on the pitch again. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt