When on the motorway, drivers should always drive in the left-hand lane when the road ahead is clear, according to rule 264 of the Highway Code. If a driver needs to overtake a number of slow-moving vehicles, they should return to the left-hand lane as soon as they are safely past. Middle-lane hogging is when vehicles remain in the middle lane longer than necessary. This even applies when there aren't any vehicles in the inside lane to overtake. During busy periods, middle-lane hogging can cause congestion as traffic funnels through the outside lane to pass a lane hogger. If the driver in the middle lane moved over, the same traffic could be split over two lanes. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel Lane hogging is an offence, with the RAC warning that it comes under “careless driving”. This is a similar offence as tailgating, accidentally running a red light and even being distracted by eating or drinking. New laws introduced in 2013 give police officers the power to hand out on-the-spot fines of £100 and three penalty points. By lane hogging, drivers may be inclined to “undertake” which can also lead to very dangerous situations. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be careful when switching to EVs [WARNING]UK drivers hesitant to switch to less-known electric cars like Rivian [INSIGHT]Driver furious over ‘rude’ note left on her car after parking dispute [SHOCKING] Changing lanes is one of the riskiest manoeuvres carried out on motorways. The RAC warn: “It’s when you’re most likely to come into conflict with other vehicles – either by missing them in your blind spot, misjudging another car’s speed or moving into a space at the same time as another vehicle. “It might seem logical, then, to remain in one lane on the motorway rather than ‘weaving’ between lanes when overtaking. “It’s true that drivers should avoid excessive weaving. “Use common sense – if you’ve overtaken a vehicle in lane one and you’re approaching another, you’d normally be right to remain in the middle lane.” This comes after a driver sparked debate after he was filmed “hogging” an empty motorway middle lane at 5am. The original poster of the image, Dave Harford, said the driver had been driving on the M5 middle lane for about a mile, although there didn't appear to be any other motorists on either side of the road. Mr Harford said he sees other cars lane hogging on a daily basis. Some social media users said people who drive in the middle lane are just “poor drivers” who do not have the confidence to switch lanes. Another driver said: “As someone who drives a vehicle that can't go into lane three, I find middle lane hoggers really annoying.” Others argued that he wasn’t hogging the lane since there were no other cars on the road who needed to use the lane.