Emergency services dashed to Lozells, Birmingham, last night after the man was shot in broad daylight at around 6.30pm. A large police cordon was put in place, with police and ambulances in attendance, but the man died at the scene despite attempts by paramedics to save his life Neighbours in the inner-city neighbourhood shared thei worry after the second fatal shooting in just one week, reports Birmingham Live. Ahmed, who lives on Anglesey Street, near the scene, said: "It was awful. Everyone was standing around watching this man be given CPR by armed police. "It’s one of those situations where you feel numb to it. Because you don’t think it’s really happening. "It didn’t feel real watching someone lose their life like that. It’s not right is it? It still doesn’t feel real now to be honest." Two boys, aged 12 and 15, were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and a 19-year-old man was in hospital with an arm injury, but was under arrest on suspicion of murder.  A West Midlands Ambulance Service statement said: "We were called at 6.40pm to reports of an incident on Nursery Road in Aston. "We sent four ambulances, a paramedic officer and the Warwickshire and Northamptonshire Air Ambulance to the scene. "Upon arrival we found a man who had sustained life threatening injuries. "He received treatment at the scene. Unfortunately, it became clear that nothing more could be done to save him and he was confirmed deceased." West Midlands police confirmed that two men were arrested "nearby" and taken into custody. Last night, a spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "We understand the concerns around recent firearms-related incidents around Birmingham, and we're already carrying out extra patrols to offer reassurance to residents. "Detective Inspector Laura Harrison, from our homicide team, said: 'It is too early to speculate on whether this is linked to any other incident, but our message is clear – we will not tolerate violence in our city. Another young man has sadly lost his life and another family will be grieving the loss of their loved one.' "Firearms have no place on our streets and we will continue to run regular operations to disrupt and deter violent crime. "We focus on getting firearms out of criminal hands with raids and seizures by targeting gun crime hotspots. This marks the second fatal shooting in under a week in the West Midlands city, as "kind-hearted father" Mohammed Kasim died after two men were shot as they sat inside a car in an incident on Eversley Road in Small Heath in the early hours of Thursday, July 7. On the same day, an unconnected shooting saw a 19-year-old wounded in the leg in Clissold Street in the Ladywood area. Shortly afterwards officers rushed to the scene after shots were fired on Heaton Street in Hockley. Police said someone was spotted running away but there were no reported injuries from that incident. Two more men, aged 22 and 21, were shot and wounded in Wheeler Street, Newtown, on Saturday, July 9. Police have not confirmed any links between the attacks.  Community leader Desmond Jaddoo has concerns about the increase in shootings ahead of the Commonwealth Games. He said: "This is the latest incident in a string of shootings which are happening in the inner-city areas of Birmingham. "Another victim has sadly lost their life. My sincere condolences go out to their family. "Clearly, with the Commonwealth Games coming, it is highly worrying that the Wheeler Street, Nursery Road corridor is experiencing escalated violence. "It is clearly a concern for residents." Replying to concerns on Twitter, Insp Gary Everitt said: "We've had a number of incidents in the local area over the last week and have increased our patrols already. "However we need the help and support of our local community to keep our children safe." West Midlands Police moved to reassure residents its focus remained on "getting firearms out of criminal hands". It said raids and seizures were taking place across the region targeting gun crime hotspots. "Gun crime and violence must stop," the force said. "It has devastating consequences. You can help by passing on any information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."