Having been involved in a terrifying accident and falling ill after taking too many sleeping pills, Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) could soon have enough of her life in Weatherfield. The Coronation Street stalwart has recently been delighted with the arrival of her son Stephen (Todd Boyce), but he caused a rift in the family after she decided to leave him in charge of her money. As the Platt family tried to get in Audrey's good books, they decided to get back her old salon which she once loved. However, official spoilers reveal that she is struggling to cope with the pressure, and a new theory could see Audrey take a step away from her life in Weatherfield. During Friday's [July 22] episode of the ITV soap, it included some heartbreaking scenes after it was revealed Audrey had been admitted to the hospital due to an overdose of sleeping pills. Throughout the episode, members of the Platt family commented on her spirit and emotions during her birthday dinner. However, not wanting to make things worse, they pushed on with the day and finally revealed their surprise that they had leased back the salon she once adored. Gail Platt (Helen Worth) later tried to get in contact with her mother but was met with a string of voicemail offers. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne After finally getting through to her, Audrey explained she was just tired and claimed she was at home, however, she was, in fact, calling from the hospital. Speaking to Audrey, the doctor claimed they had concerns she had too many sleeping pills, with the icon brushing off the incident as an accident. However, the toxicology report soon suggested that it had not been an accident and was considered an overdose. In upcoming scenes, the hospital psychiatry liaison officer Becky visits Audrey and gently quizzes her about why she took so many sleeping pills.  After discussing the incident further, Audrey is soon discharged and heads out of the hospital, delighted to take a call from Stephen informing her that he’s back. In the Rovers, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) is concerned when Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) lets slip that he saw Audrey at the hospital. Later in the bistro, an apologetic Audrey tells Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) that she’s sorry for messing them all around as she knows they meant well. But she really doesn’t want to reopen the salon. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [REVEAL]Coronation Street theory: Shona Platt takes over Audrey's salon [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman dies following health battle [WATCH] With Stephen now in charge of her finances and the will, Audrey could convince Stephen to let her come with him back home to Madrid. Stephen recently told his mother he would be leaving after he felt he had caused too much of an issue amongst the rest of the family when it came to the matter of her money. She begged him not to leave her after she revealed it was the happiest she had been in a long time since his return. If she tells Stephen the truth about what happened with the sleeping pills, they could come to an agreement to both leave Weatherfield. However, if she decided to hide the incident from her family, the truth could be outed, forcing Stephen to leave her no choice but to leave the cobbles and move away with him. Gail, Sarah, Nick and David Platt (Jack P. Shephard) can be sure to stand their ground and not let Audrey leave but will she overrule their decision? Audrey has lived in Weatherfield since 1985 and has faced some horrific family dramas, so her decision to leave might not come as a surprise to her family. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter.