Content creator Ella May Houghton enjoys posting money-saving hacks on her social media platforms. She recently told her followers about a hack to getting cheap petrol Ella swears by. She said: "I have just found the biggest hack for saving money on petrol. I can't believe I didn't know about this app before it's honestly been life-changing." She recommended the free app PetrolPrices. Ella said: "So, this app is called PetrolPrices and it literally does what it says on the tin. "It tells you all the petrol prices of the petrol stations around you and compares them in numerical, chronological order. "There's even an option to find the cheapest or nearest stations on the map." The app allows users to search their local area to compare the prices of petrol, diesel and other fuels. Makers of the app say: "Search by postcode, town or city and filter by individual brands, fuel types and sort by the cheapest stations or nearest stations to you." READ MORE: 'I'm fuming': Hollyoaks star's tirade at the petrol pump - 'may as well cycle up the M62' It also allows users to review petrol stations. Ella swears by the app to save money. She said: "There have been so many times when I need a cheap petrol station and ended up going to an Esso or a Shell and spent God knows how much on petrol. "But not anymore! Especially in times when petrol prices are so high, it has been a game-changer. "I'm all about saving a bit of money because life is expensive." Some fans of Ella's also raved over the app in the comments section. One said: "I downloaded this app the day I passed my test it's a life saver." Another said: "Had this app for a while and it’s the best." DON'T MISSEasy driving mistake punished with 'automatic licence revoke' [WARNING] Drivers urged to avoid 'shockingly common' license offence [ADVICE] Little-known petrol pump button that gets exact amount of fuel [HACK] While money-saving hacks for petrol you can use at the pumps come and go, it is a well-known fact that the way you drive can save petrol, or waste it. Driving in a petrol consumption conscious manner is one of the best ways to save. How can you do this? Tyre pressure The correct tyre pressure will help drivers use less fuel. Drivers can find the correct pressures for their car in the owner's manual. The heavier the load in the car, the more pressure you will need in your tyres. Clean out your car Carrying around a lot of excess baggage in the car will mean drivers use more fuel. Drivers should have a good clean out of their cars and only drive with the essentials. Use the highest gear possible within the speed limit Driving in the highest gear possible within the speed limit is a good way to keep the consumption of fuel down. This is because it results in the lowest revs, meaning the engine uses less petrol. Try to drive smoothly Looking ahead while driving is one way to drive more smoothly and therefore use less fuel. Stopping and starting often uses more fuel while slowing and picking up speed smoothly uses less. To drive like this, car owners should look ahead on the road to anticipate actions they may need to take. Avoid using the AC or the heater Both use fuel, so only use them if you really have to.