Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has backed his recruitment staff to deliver throughout the rest of the window and help him make several more signings. However, despite links to Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans picking up pace, the Spaniard refused to be drawn into speculation about individual targets. The Gunners have already spent £85million on Matt Turner, Fabio Vieira, Marquinhos and Gabriel Jesus this summer, with more spending expected as Arteta aims to battle for Champions League football. Tielemans, alongside several other midfielders, have been linked with the club, with the attacking and defensive departments having received major upgrades over the last two years. It remains to be seen if Arsenal will make a bid for the Foxes midfielder, who has just one year left on his deal in the East Midlands and could be available for a cut-price fee. Arteta was asked specifically about his pursuit of Tielemans, with interest in the Belgian high - not only from the Gunners. And the Spaniard refused to be embroiled in transfer saga talk, although he admitted his side are looking to continue their high activity in the market. "We can improve the team still in the market and we are going to try and do it, but we are not going to go into any specific names," Arteta said after their 5-3 friendly win over Nurnberg. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagThree players want to join Man Utd this summerWhy Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen "There are more things that we would like to do if we can. Obviously the market will dictate what we can do. So far we are happy with what we have done." Tielemans has shone in the Premier League since his loan move from AS Monaco in January 2019. Scoring 24 goals - including his magnificent long-range strike to win the 2020 FA Cup final - and registering as many assists in 158 games under Brendan Rodgers, the star has stamped his mark on the top-flight of English football. And the former Liverpool boss admitted back in January that he may struggle to keep the player. "He is at an age and at a stage in his contract where he has to ensure he looks at every option," Rodgers said. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez "I would love it to be here at Leicester, that is natural, but I understand it's a very short career. For players it's about ambition, the challenge and sometimes it's about a different environment. We have seen it before many times. "Teams have won the Champions League and the player will move on. That's the nature of it. For me, I can only worry about keeping improving him as a player, keeping him focused and letting everything else be taken care of."