 While her marriage to the Prince of Monaco in 1956 shocked many, what could be even more surprising is the customs she had to adhere to before the wedding bells started ringing. The story of the world famous icon is being revisited in a documentary tonight featuring her friends and family on Channel 4.  The literal cost for Kelly was widely reported at $2million (£1.67million) paid as a dowry to marry the prince. Although Kelly’s family was reasonably wealthy, her father John Kelly took great offence to the request of a dowry, but she was eventually able to persuade him. Alongside this, The Chicago Tribune reported she also had to submit a fertility test, allegedly to ensure that Kelly could provide an heir for the throne as one of her royal duties. Lastly, Kelly famously had to give up her acting career in order to take on full-time wifely, and, eventually, mothering, duties. READ MORE: Eva Longoria, 47, flashes major side-boob in stunning white swimsuit on Marbella holiday  What may have surprised the public a bit more than a Hollywood star becoming a royal was the fact that Kelly was not single when she met the prince. It is reported that at the time, Kelly was in fact engaged to fashion designer Oleg Cassini who would later claim he “created the Grace Kelly look”. Kelly broke off the engagement to Cassini in favour of the prince. However, it was also noted that her family greatly disapproved of the fashion designer, making it doubtful that the two would marry regardless of Ranier’s intervention. Kelly started her career on stage before moving to television and films, and had a surprising secret holding her back after winning an oscar.  The actress’ first oscar win in 1954 saw her giving a short and sweet speech thanking “all who made this possible for me” and heading off stage. Six months later, Kelly revealed to some close friends and family that she was planning to marry Prince Rainier III of Monaco. The pair had met in 1955 at the Cannes Film Festival, introduced by actress Olivia de Havilland. De Havilland would later note that Kelly “immediately agreed” to the meeting, but requested “such a meeting must first be approved of by the studio sponsoring her visit to Cannes.”    /celebrity-news/1642745/Eva-Longoria-age-side-boob-swimsuit-new-pic-Marbella-husband-children-desperate-housewives  At the time, Kelly was under contract with MGM, and studios then were known to have a firm grasp on almost everything their actors and actresses did. The meeting did take place and even once Kelly returned to the states, the pair would keep in touch. Months later the Prince embarked on a diplomatic tour of the United States and reportedly spent three days with Kelly and her family, and ended the trip with a proposal that she accepted. The royal couple would have three children together; Caroline, Princess of Hanover, Stephanie, Princess of Monaco and Albert II, Prince of Monaco.  Kelly’s public life was full of unexpected twists and turns, and, unfortunately, so was her death. At just 52, Kelly suffered two fatal strokes while driving home to Monaco with 17 year old Stephanie. The strokes caused Kelly to lose control of the vehicle causing an accident, which when it was initially reported the media had seemingly not realised the intensity of Kelly’s situation. Both Kelly and her daughter were rescued from the crash and while Stephanie would survive, Kelly tragically succumbed to a brain haemorrhage a day after the accident. Grace Kelly: Lost Tapes of a Princess airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 4.