What baffles me is: why are companies allowed to pay wages that hardly cover normal living requirements so that we taxpayers have to top up workers' pay?  According to a report last week, the Border Force is ill-equipped to do its job properly. If that is the case, why are we not giving them whatever they need to keep our borders safe? I am so angry about this issue. I live in Kent and every day hundreds of people are coming into this country illegally, in boats from across the English Channel. Never mind the European Convention on Human Rights or EU law, they are brought here by criminals to whom they are paying in total a huge amount of money. They are breaking into our country as if they were breaking into our homes and there have been more than 15,000 Channel migrants already this year coming into Kent. This cannot carry on. We are paying millions of pounds to keep the migrants in hotels and look after them - money that at the moment the state could ill afford.  What is wrong with our politicians? If people cannot be dissuaded verbally from coming here illegally then an alternative has to be found. There must be better liaising with France to make them take back attempted migrants from their shores. It is cheering that both the candidates for PM are pledging to act forcefully on the migrant crisis, including to keep the Rwanda migrant scheme. And indeed Liz Truss is actually promising to explore setting up similar schemes with other countries. We left the European Union but we still seem to allow them to rule our borders. We are a small island, overpopulated, yet still a great place to live. That's why people want to come here. But they should enter legally, join the market and contribute to the economy to help their new country. You cannot just sack people for being useless anymore.   Obviously unfair sacking is something that should not be allowed but if I was a business owner and I had employed somebody whom I did not gel with and who did not seem to be doing the job I wanted, I would want to let them go. Maybe I would need to give them a small payoff but if it was not working between us why would I have to keep them on? Apparently you cannot just tell people to sling their hook anymore. You have to give them a good reason before you let them go. No wonder we are so slow at everything we do over here. It just seems that employment protection has gone too far. Sometimes a job just does not work out for you. It may be the chemistry between you and the employer; it could be that you are just no good at what you are supposed to be doing. But I was talking to a friend of mine who happened to raise his voice to an employee who was not doing what he wanted and the employee complained to the HR department - which now has to investigate. I bet if you are a union member you are applauding this but I don't think it helps the economy one little bit. I have been sacked before. I am sure loads of you have. All you do is get out, dust yourself off and start all over again.   I have to say that last week's swansong speech by Boris Johnson at Prime Minister's Questions was the best I have ever heard and proved why he was such a good leader. He may not have been the most perfect person in every way; he may have been more showman than political leader, but the Cabinet was supposedly full of people who knew what they were doing. I think the biggest mistake they will ever have made is stabbing him in the back. It was also interesting to see former premier Theresa May make herself look unprofessional in the way she refused to applaud Boris as he left Parliament. Nobody likes a bad loser. God knows where this country will head in the next couple of years but I think one thing is for sure: we looked far better on a world stage being led by Boris. He has the X Factor and sadly none of those who stood in the Conservative Party leadership contest did. And now our next prime minister is going to be either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss. It is not a lot to look forward to, is it? Luckily for both of them, Keir Starmer is even less appealing. I have to admit, having to choose between Sunak, Truss or Starmer leaves me completely cold. Unless somebody pulls some kind of rabbit out of a hat to show that they do have something exciting, something that can improve what we used to have, then we are completely and utterly you choose the word.    I would like to add my name to the growing number of electric bike and scooter haters. I spent a couple of days in London recently and could not believe how many of these things there are, ridden by people with no protective clothing, no identity marks, no licence and no ability. Some London boroughs, and other cities, have actually set up rental schemes for these machines, which are supposed to limit their speed and impose safe driving. But most that I saw were just unsupervised e-machine easyriders, speeding through red lights, pulling out in front of other vehicles. Yet if you criticise them the green lobby comes down on you claiming that they are the environmentally-friendly way forward. The big problem is that unlike motorbikes or cars, e-drivers do not need to pass a test to get on the roads. And casualties are rising. There were 1,280 collisions involving e-scooters and e-bikes in 2021 compared to 460 in 2020. And nine deaths - all of riders - as opposed to one in 2020. A new Transport Bill plans to expand the legal use of e-scooters. In that case we need a proper system of training, licensing and rider insurance to save the rest of us from being mown down.  So, last week people who actually play the fictional sport of Quidditch, which JK Rowling invented for her Harry Potter books, changed the name of the game to "quadball" because they do not agree with the author's views on gender issues and want to distance themselves from her. It says something about the magic of Potter that the groups include what was US Quidditch and Major League Quidditch and another lot in Hong Kong, now all Quadballers. I confess I do not know how to play Quidditch - or why you would want to - but since it was entirely conceived by Rowling then if they do not like her they should play another game. Or just grow up. I think she has done an enormous amount of good showing people with minority views that they cannot dictate to the and if militant trans-activists carry on then they will alienate people who otherwise have sympathy for them. Anyway, who is really interested in a bunch of fools playing some kind of ball game while holding a pole between their legs pretending to ride a broomstick?