Manchester United have been tipped to thwart Arsenal in a potential battle to sign Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante. The 31-year-old faces an uncertain future after entering the final 12 months of his current contract, and he could stage a sensational intra-Premier League switch next summer. Arsenal and United have both tried to bolster their midfield departments this summer. But Arsenal have so far failed to lure Leicester City's Youri Tielemans to the Emirates Stadium, while United are entering a make-or-break period in their drawn-out Frenkie de Jong transfer fiasco. If the top-flight rivals are still eyeing reinforcements beyond the current transfer window, Kante on a free transfer in 2023 would be an exciting option. When asked whether Kante could move across London to Arsenal next summer, ex-defender Mikael Silvestre claimed United would be just as much of an attractive proposition for his fellow Frenchman. He told Lord Ping: "N'Golo could go to United, too. I don't know why his name is being linked away, but for me, he's blue and blue. He could play anywhere and in any of the top teams in Europe. He showed last season he's still on top of his game." JUST IN: Man Utd to agree Frenkie De Jong personal terms 'quickly'  Chelsea reportedly haven't opened talks over a new contract with Kante yet, which could ultimately see him join a growing trend of top players running down their deals and sealing free transfers at the end of the season. And Conor Gallagher's return to Stamford Bridge and introduction to Thomas Tuchel's plans could limit minutes further. United have been linked with Kante already this summer after he started just 21 of Chelsea's Premier League games last season. And Ten Hag could look at him to continue his midfield revolution at Old Trafford, which could start with the potential arrivals of Christian Eriksen and De Jong in the coming weeks. READ MORE: Lewandowski risks Bayern Munich anger as Chelsea and Barcelona circle  Chelsea's stance on Kante remains unclear. However, with Gallagher Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic, Mason Mount, Billy Gilmour, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Ross Barkley all vying for midfield spots, Tuchel could decide against renewing his deal. Despite his more limited role for the Blues last season, Kante showcased that he still possesses world-class traits while on the pitch. And Arsenal, United and other top clubs around Europe could undoubtedly do much worse than take a chance on the World Cup winner if he becomes a free agent next July. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt