For homeowners looking to sell their house, maximising property value is vital. Significant home improvements tend to be expensive, however, a property expert has shared how even little DIY jobs can be a “highly effective” way to smooth the sale process. Henry Martin, a residential and commercial property developer claimed that these simple improvements are not only quick, but cheaper to do. Henry explained: “These fixes come in at an enormous £66,000 boost to your property value, for only a small amount of elbow grease and effort. “Take the opportunity to maximise your opportunity and don’t overlook these simple steps.” Here are the six ways suggested to add £66,000 to property value. A simple way to improve your home decor is to add modern touches. Henry said: “Introducing more modern touches to your home is a quick and easy win. “Not only does this add up to £8,850 to your property, but it will create a home in which visitors will feel comfortable and joyful, benefiting the sales process too.” READ MORE: Laundry items to ‘avoid’ putting in the washing machine - ‘damaging’ Whether it’s improving kerb appeal with metal window frames or adding simpler modern trends such as introducing houseplants or swapping out throws for more scandi-inspired colours such as white and grey, this will provide a space where potential buyers can easily picture their life at your home. While room extensions and loft conversions can add serious property value, even fixing the little things can do wonders to house prices. The property pro explained: “A simple place to start is to fix the little things. Whether that’s just making sure cracks are fixed in walls, making sure your house is in full working order is a must when planning to sell. “Cracks in walls can easily knock off £9,490 from your home, and no double glazing knocks off £9,140.” The good news is that fixing these problems is quick and simple. While you may need professional help in some scenarios, be sure to check if the cracks are under 5mm. DON'T MISS: Use ‘screwdriver test’ to determine if your lawn is hydrated enough [EXPERT]Princess Anne's 'homely' living room divides opinion - pictures [COMMENT]Inside Kate Middleton and William's new home with 'unique features' [INSIGHT] If they are, Henry claimed that homeowners can use filler to fix this themselves. Even something so simple as paint can be “highly effective”, according to the expert. He said: “Adding a fresh lick of paint around the house is another easy yet highly effective way to smooth the sales process. “Not only does this present your house to be clean and well looked after, but it can help in preventing low offers. “Scuffed paintwork or marked walls can knock £9,250 off a property, so make sure to schedule in some DIY time.” Use neutral colours, such as white or grey, allowing your potential buyers to picture their style. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 47p hack to banish ‘stubborn’ toilet limescale While it may be obvious, a messy house just won’t sell as well as a clean one. The property expert said: “Did you know that a messy home can knock off £9,290 from your property? Or that 61 percent of UK residents said that they would put in a lower offer on a property if it wasn’t clean at their viewing? “This easy fix can be so easily overlooked but offers great reward when undertaken! “The best part is that this couldn’t be a simpler fix. “Only costing you a little bit of time, making sure your home is well presented to your visitors is more than worth it.” As well as improving inside homes, Britons should be caring for their outside space too. Henry said: “An obvious yet overlooked task when preparing your house for sale is to make sure your garden is up to scratch. “With 64 percent of UK residents stating that they wouldn’t buy a home if it didn’t have an outdoor space, making your outside space enticing to buyers should be high on your list.” As lockdown encouraged many to pick up their gardening tools, UK residents are valuing garden space more than ever. The expert added: “In fact, 30 percent of UK residents stated that when purchasing a home, they hold more value in the garden than inside space. “So taking the time to spruce up your garden is well worth it.”