The Met Office has taken the highly unusual step of triggering an amber weather warning which blankets much of Britain for a 24 hour period this Sunday, July 20. It says the entire day will be hindered by such heat that people's routines and day-to-day life may be impacted. And the severe humidity is likely to affect more than just the vulnerable, potentially causing serious illness or danger to life, it says, affecting the population nationwide. A surge in people heading to the coast is also expected. The Met Office says: "Temperatures will build again later this week and over the coming weekend, likely peaking on Sunday and Monday. "Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible and cumulative effects of warm nights and hot days are expected to bring widespread impacts to people and infrastructure. "This period of hot weather is expected to continue into the early part of next week, hence an update extending this warning into Monday is likely." The upgrade in warning comes just a day after a level 3 amber heat health warning was issued by the Met Office and the government for the vulnerable - which is still in force for the rest of this week. A whopping 86 counties and local authority areas are included in the amber warning which spans most of the UK, just skimming the north east. This also includes parts of Wales and the south west. Despite the sudden warning, advice remains the same for people to contact 111 for health advice or 999 in an emergency. It also says there will need to be "substantial" changes to working practices along with a more increased risk of water safety incidents on the coastlines. READ MORE: Heatwave UK: Nation bakes, Brits head to beaches and parks - PICTURES The Met Office has added: "Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure." Interactive weather maps show Sunday could reach highs of 30C by the coast, with this temperature getting significantly hotter inland. As expected, the hottest part of the country will appear to be the south east with humidity levels reaching 33C in central London. By Monday, this is expected to rise again to 37C which may spark another warning in days to come. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Britain's £90billion red tape bonanza risk to pensioners [LIVE]Britons baffled as unmemorable Tory hopefuls stump voters - WATCH [VIDEO]New Tory leader 'faces a tough struggle' as support implodes - POLL [REVEAL] The mercury reached 38.1C in southern England back in July 2019, which set the highest record for July temperatures recorded in the UK. It remains to be seen if next week will top this marker, but it's not entirely impossible if temperatures continue to climb to the late 30s or even 40C. This week will peak at 33C, with tomorrow (July 12) being the hottest day before a slight slump in temperatures on Thursday and Friday. But as this warning shows, the tumbling temperatures will be very temporary.