Julia Hartley-Brewer discussed Rishi Sunak's bid for leadership with his supporter Theresa Villiers, who defended his decision to increase payments to national insurance. Ms Hartley-Brewer slammed his decision and claimed he had effectively put a "tax on jobs." Many Britons are struggling due to the cost of living crisis, and many have been calling for the next Prime Minister to lower taxes. Ms Villiers told the Talk TV host: "The threshold at which people start to pay national insurance..." Ms Hartley-Brewer added: "And then you raise the percentage rate you pay in national insurance and indeed even more so for employers. "A tax... He literally brought in as a responsible Tory Chancellor a tax on jobs." Ms Villiers said: "It was a very difficult decision to raise the rate of national insurance, I'm sure that all of us regretted that having to be done but the NHS does need the extra resources to deal with the Covid backlog. "We are recovering from the worst health emergency in a hundred years, that has an effect on our public finances, that has an effect on our taxes." JUST IN: 'Saw ember start a fire' Doorbell camera saves grandmother as family spots start of blaze     Ms Hartley-Brewer is not the only one challenging Mr Sunak's increase in National Insurance just a few months ago. Many Britons are calling for the new Prime Minister to tackle the cost of living crisis head-on, as the situation is expected to worsen this coming Autumn. Some Britons are not happy with how he performed in the Treasury and have been pushing back on him becoming the next Prime Minister because of his handling of the British economy which is currently experiencing its highest rate of inflation in over 40 years. Other candidates who have been knocked out of the running to become the next Prime Minister, vowed to lower taxes. READ MORE: Dog stretchered off mountain walk with suspected heatstroke on hottest day of the year     Mr Sunak and former contestant Kemi Badenoch are the only two to not push this message in their leadership campaigns. Mr Sunak has discussed slashing taxes and has stated that it will worsen the inflation in the economy. Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst from Hargreaves Lansdown, uttered a similar sentiment. Ms Coles said: “Red hot inflation and frozen tax thresholds are set to drive income tax to an incredibly painful £251billion. DON’T MISS: 'Disturbing' footage shows boys suspected of mutilating ducks found with heads ripped off[INSIGHT]'Not doing anything to help workers!’ Royal Mail threaten UK with summer of chaos over pay [REVEAL]Brexit trade victory! UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY in £200bn turbo boost [SPOTLIGHT]    “That’s up almost a third in three years, and is way ahead of the Government forecast at the Spring Budget last year, when it said this year’s tax bill would be around £230billion. “It’s far more than any of us can afford at a time of runaway prices, and it’s going to get worse. “The number of people paying income tax has soared by 2.5 million in the past three years, partly as a result of the fact that the personal allowance hasn’t changed since April 2021, while prices and wages have climbed. “It means millions more people being stuck with a tax bill. “Meanwhile, the freeze in the higher rate threshold meant the number paying higher rate tax has jumped alarmingly – up 16 percent in a year, while the number paying additional rate tax is up 12 percent."  READ NEXT Liz Truss gaffe leaves PM hopeful humiliated after tweeting she would ‘hit the ground’Conservative ‘electoral fortunes going south’ - New PM tasked with 'resurrecting' partyGB News: Ex-Tory advisor ‘weeps’ as Boris bids farewell to Parliament ‘What have we done?’Ex-No10 aide warns Tory members largely 'undecided' in race to replace Boris JohnsonPeston: Rishi Sunak’s ‘position of knowledge’ to make him an ideal PM according to minister    