Former UFC lightweight champion Anthony Pettis doesn’t believe Khabib Nurmagomedov is the greatest lightweight mixed martial arts fighter of all time. Despite going 29-0 and defeating some of the best fighters of his era such as Conor McGregor and Rafael Dos Anjos, Pettis favours B.J. Penn over ‘The Eagle’. Khabib retired from MMA competition back in October 2020 after successfully defending the 155lb strap against Justin Gaethje. Upon retirement, he left behind a lasting legacy of dominance having only lost two rounds during his eight-year stint with MMA’s premier promotion. Khabib is also the longest reigning UFC lightweight champion of all time (1,077 days) and is tied for the most title defences at three with Frankie Edgar, Benson Henderson, and Penn. Regardless of these achievements, Pettis does not have Khabib at the top of his 155lb GOAT list as ‘Showtime’ states that he didn’t fight “everybody.” Speaking to LowKick MMA, he said: “You know, I think – I moved down to 145, I fought at 170 – I fought all over the place. It’s hard to say Khabib because he didn’t fight everybody. He won the world title fighting Al Iaquinta. Al Iaquinta wasn’t even ranked at the time, so, you know. “And then he fought some good guys after that and then he retired, so it’s hard to say he’s the GOAT. He’s definitely one of the best. But like, guys like B.J. Penn, you know – like that’s a guy for me that, you know, if he wouldn’t have came back and lost a couple of fights, we all would be talking about B.J. as the GOAT, you know, one of the first.” Pettis nearly fought Khabib back in 2018 when he was in consideration by the UFC to replace then-featherweight champion, Max Holloway, at UFC 223, however, the two parties failed to come to an agreement. Instead, Khabib was booked to face Al Iaquinta in Brooklyn. For some, Pettis’ claims may be seen as outrageous but he is not alone in his assessment of Khabib’s career. UFC star Joe Lauzon also has Penn above the Russian. MORE UFC NEWS... White breaks silence on McGregor and Mayweather 'agreement' Paddy Pimblett will surpass UFC icon Conor McGregor for three reasons Pimblett has three next fight options after submitting Leavitt Speaking to talkSPORT, he said: “B.J. Penn. Always, always, always. I think B.J. is the best. I understand Khabib did great and he was undefeated, but to me, it’s just B.J. “He was the first guy with amazing ju-jitsu, good offensive and defensive wrestling, great striking – could crack with both hands – and he’s running for governor right now which is kind of nice [laughs]. It might sound crazy but I think he’s got a shot at winning too. “BJ was my coach on The Ultimate Fighter. I went down and trained with him for six months on and off back in 2007. We were running around with Penn for governor shirts on and I thought it was this big joke! Now here we are in 2022 and he’s actually doing it – bananas. “I think BJ is the GOAT. Khabib was a huge lightweight. He cut down and he pulled out of a lot of fights because he couldn’t make weight and things like that. So I understand it’s a perfect record, but there’s also some things where he didn’t show up when he was planning to show up. “BJ, on the other hand, he fought Lyoto Machida at heavyweight. How insane is that? He beat Matt Hughes and won the welterweight title. He fought GSP a couple of times.  He definitely has had his fair share of bad stuff that has happened after the fact, but as far if we’re talking lightweight GOATS, I think it’s BJ Penn and no one else.”