The Baby is an eight-part comedy-horror from HBO and Sky about an infant, who mysteriously ends up in the arms of thirty-something Natasha (played by Michelle De Swarte). The cute yet manipulative child causes Natasha’s life to turn upside down as strange, horrible things start happening around her. Despite trying to get rid of the baby, she realises he wants her - but to what end? The Baby has been co-created by Siân Robins-Grace and Lucy Gaymer and was conceived as a limited series. The show also stars Amira Ghazalla, Amber Grappy, Sophie Reid, Tanya Reynolds, Seyan Sarvan, Genesis Lynea, Sinéad Cusack, Karl Davies and Divian Ladwa. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, actor Ladwa - who plays Fooze - spoke about what the future could hold for the series and if there could be more seasons. Ladwa said: “I hope so. It’s quite different to a lot of shows out there. I can't wait for the British public to see it. READ MORE: The Baby on Sky: Everything we know so far “It’s been out in the States and should be on Sky soon. It was made in collaboration with HBO but I think its humour will be perfect for our audience.” HBO aired The Baby back in May with the show getting an 82 percent approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes while Metacritic gave it 71 out of 100. For those unfamiliar with the show, Ladwa described it as a cross between “Chucky meets Final Destination”, saying it was a “comedy horror but goes further”. He added: “The show explores themes of motherhood and sisterhood but with death, severed fingers and amazing music.” Ladwa will be most recognisable to audiences for his striking turn in the Dev Patel and Nicole Kidman movie Lion, portraying the emotionally damaged Mantosh Brierley. He has also starred in the BAFTA-winning comedy Detectorists, ITV drama Wild Bill, and movies Mr Malcolm’s List, Horrible Histories and podcast series Radioman. Filming on The Baby took place back in 2021 at various locations around the UK, and was something of a first for Ladwa who’d never worked with babies or dogs before. He explained how he grew up with a phobia of dogs, however, having regular contact with a friend’s puppy as it grew “helped a lot”. Ladwa said the filming process was “still bit a scary” but the on-set dog handler made shooting scenes much easier and “very helpful”. He went on to say: “The baby was played by twins and they give the best screen performance I’ve seen. “Working with them was fun but hard to stay in character because I wanted to play with them. “Sometimes they’d tried to crawl away and grab the props on set. DON'T MISS...Motherland season 3 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER]Motherland season 3: Will there be another series of Motherland? [INSIGHT]Motherland review: A perverse comedy of manners [ANALYSIS] “You wanted them to have enough freedom so they wouldn't get agitated but also not disappear from the camera frame.” Robins-Grace and Gaymer previously told Deadline: “With The Baby, we want to explore the powerful anxiety around the question of whether or not to have children. “The ambivalence of not knowing, the bafflement at everyone else’s certainty and the suspicion that the whole thing is one millennia-long scam. “We’re thrilled to be working with such a phenomenal team of producers to help us bring this weird baby into the world with HBO and Sky.” The Baby airs on Sky Atlantic on Thursdays at 9pm and is streaming on NOW