Safety is a top consideration for the majority of British tourists. But where are the safest countries in the world? The Global Peace Index from the Institute of Economics and Peace analyses destinations to find the safest country. Researchers look at violent crime, terrorism, international conflict and societal safety and dangers. The safest country in the world might not be the first holiday destination people think of for summer but it has some incredible tourist attractions. Iceland was ranked as the safest country in the world based on the Global Peace Index ratings. READ MORE: Greece makes change to Covid rules for British tourists Safest countries in the world (Global Peace Index) Iceland was rated as the safest country in the world and has held the number one position since 2008. The country has some of the world’s lowest military spending and conflict rates as well as a low crime rate. Tourists will be able to see an incredible range of natural beauty sites on a holiday in beautiful Iceland. Iceland’s stunning Black Sand Beach is one of the country’s top rated attractions on Tripadvisor. READ MORE: The Cruise: Captain shares why ship leaves people behind  One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “This is an amazing and spectacular beach. The cliffs and sea caves with their variety of basalt columns of all sizes and twists are mesmerising.” Many tourists choose to rent a car and drive the country’s Ring Road which offers outstanding views of glaciers, waterfalls and coastlines. It can take about two weeks to complete but tourists could also opt to enjoy just part of the route. One visitor said: “Trip of a lifetime! It’s perfect if you enjoy nature and crave quiet. Amazing scenery.” New Zealand was ranked as the second safest country in the world and is now open to vaccinated Britons. Britons seeking sun could opt for a holiday in the fourth safest country in the world, Portugal. Portugal’s southern Algarve region offers almost guaranteed good weather during summer as well as stunning beaches. Ireland also made the top 10 list although it was recently named as one of the most expensive countries in the EU.