Liverpool target Matheus Nunes has been told by Sporting Lisbon manager Ruben Amorim to wait for a big club to sign him, according to reports. Wolves are so far the only team to have presented a concrete offer, but the Reds may jolt into life later in the transfer window with Sporting having supposedly named their price. Many believe that Liverpool have already concluded their summer transfer business with Darwin Nunez, Calvin Ramsay and Fabio Carvalho already bedding in at Anfield. But there are murmurs that Jurgen Klopp could look to sign another midfielder, with an understudy for Thiago Alcantara potentially on the agenda. Nunes' name has been linked with a host of top clubs this summer after the deep-lying playmaker put together another impressive season, making 50 appearances in all competitions and solidifying his spot in the Portuguese national team. However, Record claim that only Wolves have made a proposal at this stage, and Amorim has advised the 23-year-old to hold out for a bigger club. JUST IN: Wolves have strong links to Portugal with a number of natives in the squad and Bruno Lage in the dugout, but the Reds would presumably be in a better position to fork out for Nunes' hefty price tag. An initial £38.4million would reportedly do the trick, with add-ons taking the total fee to £42.7m. Liverpool have already raised cash this summer by auctioning off Sadio Mane, Neco Williams, Takumi Minamino, Marko Grujic and Ben Davies. But the mammoth sum paid for Darwin Nunez, which could eventually reach an eye-watering £85m, means that they have already broken even. It therefore remains to be seen whether the Reds' hierarchy would be willing to splash out on another new recruit, particularly given that Nunes would not be guaranteed a starting spot on Merseyside. The Portuguese could play a similar role to Thiago, who has struggled with niggling injuries throughout his career, but when fit and firing there are few in world football that could displace the Spaniard. Liverpool's preparation for the new campaign has been mixed, with a heavy loss to Manchester United followed up by a comfortable win over Crystal Palace in pre-season. Before lining up against Manchester City in the Community Shield later this month, a double-header against RB Leipzig and sister club RB Salzburg are on the horizon.  "If you didn’t see it and just read the result, we played a good game against United but we lost 4-0 because we made mistakes in completely the wrong moments," said Klopp. "Football mistakes likely lead to goals or at least to chances. But it depends where you make the mistakes and you can still sort it with defending. The mistakes we made against United were not to sort anymore because we were open in these moments. "We were much more compact [against Palace]. We still played really good football – which we did against United as well. We scored twice, which we didn’t do. It was a clear step in the right direction and that makes me really happy."