Chelsea are set to have a terrifying starting line-up next season, if Thomas Tuchel can complete six transfer moves this summer. The Blues are still yet to make a signing, despite seeing Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Romelu Lukaku all leave Stamford Bridge. Tuchel will need to replace all three and make additions in several other areas if he is to guide Chelsea on a Premier League title challenge next season. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at how the Blues could line up following a busy summer window. Edouard Mendy has become the clear first-choice keeper at Chelsea, playing a starring role in their Champions League win in 2021. Mendy will keep his place between the sticks next year, with Tuchel unlikely to sign anyone to challenge him. In front of him will be two new players, the first of which is Jules Kounde, who would come in as the replacement for Christensen on the right side of Chelsea's three-man defence. Nathan Ake will be the other new face, with Tuchel thought to be an admirer of the Manchester City star and the Dutchman will take Rudiger's spot on the left. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel 'plots surprise De Ligt transfer alternative' The two new arrivals will flank Thiago Silva, who has become one of Tuchel's most trusted players. On the right of midfield will be Reece James, with the Englishman having made the position his own since breaking into Tuchel's plans. In the centre, N'Golo Kante will keep his place having become of the best midfielders in the world. He will be joined by a third new arrival in Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, who has impressed for Lazio, with the Blues thought to be attempting to agree a deal with the Serie A side. DON'T MISS: Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Prem and Bayern move (TRANSFERS)Chelsea eye Ronaldo and Neymar as Boehly prepares for spending spree (NEWS)Ronaldo 'better signing than Sterling' as Chelsea told to sign star (INSIGHT) Ben Chilwell has now recovered from his ACL injury and will retake his place at left wing-back. The front three could be totally new, with the first arrival being Neymar, as the Brazilian searches for an exit from Paris Saint-Germain. The next senational move that Chelsea will make to boost their front three would be Cristiano Ronaldo, who has submitted a transfer request to Manchester United. Tuchel's new-look team will be completed with the signing of Raheem Sterling, who is closing in on a move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea's potential XI for 2022/2023: Edouard Mendy; Jules Kounde, Thiago Silva, Nathan Ake; Reece James, N'Golo Kante, Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Ben Chilwell; Neymar, Cristiano Ronaldo, Raheem Sterling