There are several essential vitamins, and each carries out a specific role in the body. Certain functions, like eyesight, need several nutrients to work properly. A lack of vitamin A and vitamin B12 has been known to lead to vision loss if left untreated. Vitamin B12 is an essential vitamin for neurological function and the maintenance of the nervous system. According to the Association of School and Colleges of Optometry: “Vitamin B12 deficiency optic neuropathy is a rare complication of this deficiency that results in progressive, bilateral, painless vision loss that is often associated with reduced colour vision [...].” Although there is a possibility that the deficiency can manifest with visual symptoms, it is rare. What’s more, optic neuropathy is a reversible, treatable cause of vision loss, and maybe a harbinger of other manifestations of the disease. READ MORE: Supplements: The vitamin linked to a ‘rapid’ reduction in vision Any unusual vision disturbances to vision should therefore be investigated by a healthcare professional. This can allow early treatment of the deficiency and prevent the onset of severe and irreversible nerve damage. The best sources of vitamin B12 are eggs, milk, cheese, meat, fish, shellfish and poultry. Once the nutrient has been stored in the liver it can sustain the body’s needs for years, but occasionally the body cannot take up the nutrient. In such cases, injections or supplements may be required. It is important to consult a doctor before taking any new supplements, however, as vitamins pose risks at high doses. Another deficiency linked to vision loss is a lack of vitamin A. “Night blindness is one of the first signs of vitamin A deficiency,” explains the WHO. “In its more severe forms, vitamin A deficiency contributes to blindness by making the cornea very dry, thus damaging the retina and cornea. READ MORE: Vision loss: Two ocular changes known to precede blindness “An estimated 250,000 - 500,000 children who are vitamin A-deficient become blind every year, and half of them die within 12 months of losing their sight.” The condition is also a known contributor to maternal mortality and other poor outcomes of pregnancy. It can lower the body’s ability to fight infection, therefore decreasing the likelihood of survival from a serious illness. The greatest dietary sources of vitamin A are liver, fish eggs, and dairy products. A lot of vitamin A in the diet comes from leafy greens, orange and yellow vegetables, and certain oils.