Max Verstappen has moved closer to being hit with major grid penalties after Red Bull were forced to replace parts on his car ahead of the Hungarian Grand Prix. Verstappen and team-mate Sergio Perez have taken on a range of new engine parts which moves the pair to within one replacement of a grid penalty. Verstappen and Perez’s new internal combustion engine and turbocharger is one of three units they are allowed this season. It means they will not receive a penalty yet but come within one unit away from being hit with a penalty at a future Grand Prix. The FIA statement said: “The internal combustion engine used by Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez is one of the three new internal combustion engines allowed for the 2022 Championship season and this is in conformity with Article 28.2 of the 2022 Formula One Sporting Regulations. “The turbocharger used by Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez is one of the three new turbochargers allowed for the 2022 Championship season and this is in conformity with Article 28.2 of the 2022 Formula One Sporting Regulations." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen break four-year F1 streak Both Red Bull stars have also used up their third MGU-H and MGU-K units meaning one more failure could also result in a penalty. Red Bull have also installed a new exhaust system on both Verstappen and Perez’s cars ahead of Sunday's race. However, this is just their fifth replacement of the season with eight allowed before a penalty could be issued. Verstappen's possible penalty for another breach could include a grid drop or a pit lane start. Pierre Gasly will start from the pit lane this weekend after the Frenchman also took on a range of new parts. DON'T MISSRed Bull make Verstappen claim after engine issues at Hungarian GP [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen launches furious radio rant at Red Bull team [COMMENT]Johnny Herbert swipes back at Max Verstappen over Hamilton comment [ANALYSIS] Alpha Tauri has installed a fourth internal combustion engine, turbocharger, MGU-H and MGU-K components on his car. The FIA warned this was  a direct breach of the rules and slapped Gasly with the heavy penalty ahead of today’s race. A statement read: “Having received a report from the Technical Delegate (Document 35) and having heard from the team representatives, we determined that the abovementioned changes to the Power Unit Components were made to the car. "In addition, we determined that PU components were changed while the car was under Parc Ferme without the permission of the Technical Delegate, in breach of Article 40.3 of the FIA Formula One Sporting Regulations. The penalty for such a change is prescribed in 40.9 b) of the FIA Formula One Sporting Regulations and requires the car to start the race from the pit lane.”