Tory leadership elections can take more than a month from start to finish, but the party is expected to move quickly this time and try to resolve the issue before it drags on. The Tories want a new prime minister in place as soon as possible to make key decisions on Britain's country, such as over the cost of living crisis, and the war in Ukraine. In 2019, the Tory leadership election began on June 10 when nominations opened, and was decided on July 23, when Boris Johnson was announced as the winner. Back then, the election was called after former prime minister Theresa May resigned, a move which came about after months of deadlock over the UK’s Brexit deal with the EU. Mr Johnson's resignation announcement on July 7 started the early stages of the Tory leadership election when MPs started to privately drum up support from their colleagues. READ MORE: Zahawi's leadership speech plunged into chaos as crowd member FAINTS The current race is expected to be completed in September, after several rounds of voting. The Conservative Party's 1922 Committee met today to outline the timetable, which will try to narrow down the candidates over the next few weeks. In total, 11 candidates have so far put their names forward, and Tory MPs will vote on who they want to make it to the final round. When only two candidates remain, the wider Tory membership will vote for who they want to be the party’s new leader - and Prime Minister. Minister of State for Trade Penny Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch are favourites among Tory members, according to Conservative Home. Ms Mordaunt is a Brexiteer who has built a reputation for being a low-tax, socially liberal Conservative and is expected to be a strong contender. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is another popular choice among Conservative Party members, as is Tom Tugendhat. DON'T MISS:'Vicious' Tory civil war could have disastrous election consequences [ANALYSIS]Liz Truss launches bid to become PM and outlines key policy she wil... [INSIGHT]Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy [REACTION] Among the bookies, Rishi Sunak is the clear favourite right now, with Betfair Exchange offering odds of 2/1, a change from 13/8 on Saturday. Mr Sunak, who resigned in the days before the Prime Minister announced he was stepping down, has released a promotional video outlining his plans if elected. He presented himself as a fiscally secure choice and said: “The decisions we make today will decide whether the next generation of British people will also have the chance of a better future.” Penny Mordaunt is the next favourite at 7/2, Liz Truss comes in at 5/1, and Tom Tugendhat 10/1. Odds on Kemi Badenoch have been slashed to 15/1 from 33/1 on Saturday, a sign the former minister of state for equalities is gaining momentum. Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said: “With Michael Gove backing Kemi Badenoch to be the next Conservative leader, odds on the Saffron Walden MP to replace Boris Johnson have been slashed to 15/1 from 33/1. “Meanwhile, Rishi Sunak remains the 2/1 to move into No.10. The former Chancellor has been a very popular selection with the punters, a third of the money traded on the Betfair Exchange market has been for him. “However, there are other candidates being backed, such as Penny Mordaunt at 7/2 and Liz Truss, who is 5/1.”