Newcastle United have been given encouragement in their pursuit of Bayer Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby. The France international has been linked with a St James' Park switch following a standout season with the Bundesliga side. Diaby registered 13 goals and 12 assists last season, and has gone on to earn eight international caps after making his senior bow against Bosnia and Herzegovina in September last year. It is this form which has prompted speculation over a summer move, with the Magpies among the clubs strongly linked with the 22-year-old. Initial reports suggested Leverkusen were not prepared to entertain offers for Diaby ahead of the new season, with Gerardo Seaone's side preparing for a Bundesliga title tilt. However, the club's director of football Simon Rolfes admits a lucrative offer could force through a sale. Rolfes told Sky Germany: "I'm optimistic about Moussa that he’ll play here next season. But when clubs with incredibly large financial opportunities bid for such a player, we have to sell a top player at some point." JUST IN: Newcastle eye Porto star Pepe as Hugo Ekitike backup but fail in £30m bid  Newcastle are expected to step up their search for attacking reinforcements in the coming weeks, with reports suggesting Eddie Howe would ideally like to sign a striker and a right winger. Diaby is considered a target, but the former Paris Saint-Germain prospect still has three years on his contract to run with the German club. The Ligue 1 champions are also credited with an interest in the winger. Newcastle were previously linked to a £35m approach, but a move for Diaby would likely cost upwards of £50m given the attacker's age, contract status and form. READ MORE Newcastle's exciting XI with four more signings to push for European placesNewcastle 'hold Raphinha transfer talks' complicating Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham moveNewcastle consider hijacking Man Utd plans for second defender after Sven Botman medical    Leverkusen are preparing for a Champions League campaign having secured a third-placed finish last season. This could also prove to be a stumbling block if the Magpies choose to firm up their interest, with Howe's side not involved in any European competition. Diaby addressed reports on his future ahead of the recent Nations League fixtures, and told reporters: "It's nice to hear my name being linked to big clubs, but I'm focused on getting together to do good things here [with France]. Then we will see what happens but, right now, I'm not thinking about it too much." READ MORE: Newcastle willing to make 'monster offer' for Arsenal and Man Utd striker target  Newcastle were the biggest spenders in the January transfer window as Howe led the club from a relegation battle to an 11th-placed finish. The Magpies have already brought in Nick Pope and former loanee Matt Targett, with a blockbuster deal agreed in principle for Lille centre-back Sven Botman. However, Newcastle have reportedly been left frustrated in their pursuit of Reims wonderkid Hugo Ekitike as they attempt to bolster their frontline. The French teenager turned down a deadline-day move in January, and a summer agreement is said to have been held up over his agent's demands. READ MORE: Newcastle submit offer for 'top target' Moussa Diaby amid Allan Saint-Maximin uncertainty 