The Yorkshire Shepherdess previously joined James Martin on his Saturday morning cooking show to discuss her busy life working on the farm and keeping a home running. Amanda lives on Ravenseat farm with her nine children, who often get involved with the chores and helping with the animals. Asked how the farm has changed since she first arrived looking for a tup many years ago, Amanda remarked Clive would be "shocked" by just how different it is. James began: "I am in the kitchen with the Yorkshire Shepherdess herself, yes, we have finally got her down from Yorkshire to Hampshire in my kitchen, it is the fabulous Amanda Owen. "I am going to do you a dish that is good for a family, but your family is how many at the last count?" Amanda laughed: "Nine children, and it used to be a hungry family as well, James!" "So you are cooking for 11 every day, every single day?" asked the chef. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Amanda quipped: "Yes. I have my own house cow, she is called buttercup, which is not very original, but yes, we milk a cow every morning and every night for the house." James continued: "So has the farm changed since you first met your partner? Has it changed, have you managed to change that? "Because you and Clive must be quite stuck in your ways in terms of the sheep farmers up there, they must be quite stuck in their ways, have you managed to put your spin on it?"  Amanda explained: "I probably have, if you could see into a crystal ball to see where we are now, he would be quite surprised. "He has definitely got his head around the old pasta bake, and things are obviously busy, but it is good." Keen to find out more about the pair, who have since separated, James asked: "How did you meet? Are you a country bumpkin or are you a towny?" Proud of her heritage, Amanda revealed: "Nope, I am from Huddersfield, and it was all a sheep's fault, most things in life actually are where I am from. DON'T MISS...‘It’s challenging’ Amanda Owen on adjusting to life at Ravenseat [WATCH]Edith Owen age: How old is Amanda Owen's daughter? [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen supported after critics say she's seeking 'limelight' [LATEST]  "I actually was milking cows over in Cumbria, and I was sent on a mission to go borrow a ram, so I went to pick up a ram and met Clive, and that is where it all began, that was 1996. "But it has been a steep learning curve because then, of course, I ended up going to Ravenseat and marrying a man who will pretty much present me with half a bullock as a gift, so you have to go from zero to hero very quickly," she joked. James prodded: "What was that like the transition for you? Because it must have been a hell of a shock, were you used to it? "You were into farming anyway, but that transition to where it is, it is a pretty remote part of the world." Explaining how she felt, Amanda explained: "It is very remote, it's built as one of the highest remotest hill farms in England, and I mean it is a challenging place at the best of times. "There is a certain amount you have to adapt to the ways of the place, and it certainly moulds your whole character. "I think self-sufficiency has to be one of the key things that you have to get your head around, and everything is not to hand. "You know your pretty much there doing your things, and you have to work with the produce and what you have got." James Martin airs Saturday from 9:30am on ITV.