Described as "perfectly healthy" prior to the attack, the injured gull was taken to Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital near Penzance, Cornwall. Staff were "shocked and saddened" by how the incident unfolded and said that upon its arrival, the gull was so injured it could barely stand or hold its head up. The bird hospital is reminding people that wild birds are protected and that it is an offence to injure or kill them. Despite the team's best efforts, the gull could not be saved. They added that the seagull would have likely been tending to chicks at the moment - who are now down a parent, reports Cornwall Live. In an update to its Facebook page, the rescue centre said: "We were shocked and saddened to have admitted what was a perfectly healthy adult herring gull after it was kicked repeatedly by a member of the public for knocking an ice-cream from the hands of a child in Mousehole Harbour. "On arrival, they struggled to stand and hold their head up. We can empathise with the disappointment caused, however, violence towards wildlife is never the answer. "Herring gulls, like all wild birds in the UK, are protected under The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and as such it is an offence to intentionally injure or kill them." The post added that despite best efforts and what seemed to be minor outward injuries, the gull very sadly died within 24hrs. As a mature adult, it is likely this individual would have been tending to chicks who are now down a parent. The update continued: "We are aware that many people despise gulls due to their tendency to foraging for food in our town and cities but what many do not realise is their move from their natural cliff habitat to our homes is due to overfishing and loss of habitat caused by development – all man-made issues. "In the UK, herring gulls are listed as a species of conservation priority and have been on the red list since 2015 owing to population declines of over 50% in the last 25 years. "They may seem abundant but as they decline in their natural habitat and move into ours, they simply appear more common as we see them more frequently. "They are just making the best of the poor situation they find themselves in. A simple way of avoiding conflict is to remain aware of gulls in the area when consuming food; especially for vulnerable people like children – there is good evidence that eye contact will reduce food steeling occurrences. "Please, please respect our local wildlife."