When it comes to weight loss, beginning the journey can be the hardest part regardless of a person's age. Having a well-balanced diet is crucial at any stage of life, but for women going through the menopause there's the added pressure of health risks due to visceral fat around their abdominal region. With hundreds of diet techniques promising fast weight loss, it can be a minefield to find one that works well. But Dr Lynn Pattimakiel, women’s health specialist, reminded women that during menopause, their bodies need some extra patience and care. Shifting from diet to diet can also be harsh on metabolism, and she explained that finding the right one can help with getting ahead of the future, too. She said: "We want to be realistic about what is sustainable long-term. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "So, we want to make changes that you can make now and continue going forward." She recommended some foods for women to incorporate into their diets which can help with weight loss. She advised incorporating a variety of vegetables, and food that is rich in protein and calcium. The ever-popular Mediterranean diet has been hailed as a good option because it focuses on lean proteins, whole grains and plenty of plant-based foods. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Calcium provides increases in thermogenesis (the body's core temperature), which can then boost metabolism. Dr Pattimakiel revealed calcium-rich foods are incredibly important for ageing as they help keep bones strong and healthy. "Your body is building bone up until age 30 and after that, you start to lose bone," she told the Cleveland Clinic. "Since you’re losing that oestrogen around menopause, there’s an accelerated decline of that bone." It is recommended to consume 1,200mg – 1,500mg of calcium a day to ensure intake is at a good level. Foods with high sources of calcium include: Skim milk Cow’s milk Soy milk Yogurt Low-fat cheese READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Greens have always been a staple of a weight loss plan, and it's no different for women going through the menopause. Dr Pattimakiel explained: "Half of your plate should have green leafy vegetables so you’re getting all of that nutritional value. They can help with bone health and spinach, turnips and collard greens are also great sources of calcium. Examples of veg to incorporate into a diet include: Broccoli Cauliflower Asparagus Brussel sprouts Kale Spinach While protein is a good overall micronutrient, Dr Pattimakiel advised to focus on leaner meats, which can help with weight management, increase bone strength and muscle mass. Examples of lean meats include: Grilled chicken Tuna Turkey Lean beef Tofu Lentils Beans