Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was celebrated today in London at a party hosted by Gyles Brandreth. Stars such as Joanna Lumley gathered together at The Oldie Luncheon in celebration of the Duchess's 75th Birthday. This took place at the National Liberal Club in London.  For today’s event, Camilla wore a dress she has worn many times before. The Duchess opted for her Bombshell dress worth £179. This is currently on sale from £269. The limited-edition liberty print toucan dress is mainly turquoise in colour and looks amazing on Camilla. READ MORE: Kate uses ‘shielding gesture’ to protect George at Wimbledon - expert The dress’s description says: “All of the Bombshell magic ingredients. “This means that just like your other Bombshell dresses it has been tirelessly precision-engineered to flatter your shape like no other dress will. “The collar is the perfect width and can be fashioned up or down. “It has the signature three-quarter sleeve with a 'down to work' turn back. “The bodice of the dress is fashioned to skim your curves, accommodating your bust shape and height. “The covered button placket means that there's no gaping to worry about. “The length is a fashionable and easy midi length. “The pockets - well they are magnificent! READ MORE: Camilla defended against sexist comparison to ‘perfect princess Diana’ “Not only does their 'outsized' form make you look slimmer - but they are also incredibly helpful. “Whether it's a tool, ticket or phone! “You're sure to love this cotton print.” Camilla paired the dress with some nude stiletto heels, an unusual choice for the Duchess who normally opts for block heels. The Duchess famously suffers from bunions, so often will wear shoes by Sole Bliss which offer more comfort.  But these thin stiletto heels looked great on Camilla for the special occasion. For jewellery, the Duchess accessorised with a zodiac necklace with her star sign’s constellations.  As Camilla’s birthday is July 17, this makes the Duchess a Cancer. As Camilla’s ears aren’t pierced, she wore a pair of clip-on pearl earrings. This was paired with a gold bangle and her art deco engagement ring. 