Experts have highlighted what they have called the “curse of third-generation wealth”, where money passed down can often be easily lost. Alexandra Loydon, Director in the Investment Division at SJP Wealth Management, told Express.co.uk that this can send British families “from dirty rich to destitute”. However, there are ways for grandparents and grandchildren to work together to avoid hefty taxes and losing wealth. Ms Loydon shared three top tips for families to take next. Firstly, Ms Loydon stressed it is important to be aware of wealth, and what it means for an individual, as well as passing these values on to the family. She explained this is key for those generations who have not necessarily worked to earn the wealth one leaves behind, so they understand accountability and go on to save money. READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’ Ms Loydon added: “One way to increase your awareness of what money means to you is by knowing your Net Worth - what you own, versus what you owe - either as an individual or a family. “You may hear the term ‘Net Worth’ and feel that this is something reserved for the rich and famous, but the truth is everyone has a value, and an understanding of your financial status will empower you to take the right actions required to support your needs and goals, both for you and future generations.” To teach younger people the value of money and financial awareness, Ms Loydon recommends using pocket money to help children understand and become aware of the value of cash, as well as the benefits of saving, and ultimately investing. The next step is family communication, and a lack of this can often cause significant problems once an individual has died, the expert said. Sharing financial details with family means any wishes a person has for their wealth can be fulfilled. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [ANALYSIS] It is also likely to help families avoid hefty and sometimes unnecessary tax bills. Ms Loydon added: “This is particularly important when it comes to passing on inheritance. “A lack of awareness of what they are entitled to and how to access it will likely result in them paying more inheritance tax than necessary. “It could even add to the trauma of bereavement by ill-preparing them for what managing wealth will involve after you pass away.” Ms Loydon states inheritance etiquette should be made part of family dialogue, to ensure younger generations feel empowered to ask about assets. READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero She also added all adults should have a clear, mapped out financial plan to set an example for future generations on how to lay out their affairs. In this sense, having a plan is the third key tip for keeping wealth in the family. Ms Loydon continued: “Your plan should involve a list of all your assets, which aren’t always tangible, and clear instructions as to what they are, where they are, how to access them and with clear instructions as to what you would like done with them – ensuring this is in the form of a valid Will and with all account information and passwords written down. “A solid plan which has been well communicated not only has a positive impact on future family members financially but supports ensuring good money habits are formed early and maintained over the generations.” When it comes to helping one’s family, especially grandchildren, to financially plan, Ms Loydon suggested a “save together, spend together” approach.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This could involve planning a holiday, saving for equipment for university, or putting aside funds for a new home. It has been suggested this could help younger people to plan and budget in a more engaging and fun way. She concluded: “Make your longer-term financial goals and values part of this exercise as well, so grandchildren understand the difference between long-term financial planning and saving and having to wait for something tangible. “When it comes to preserving and growing your wealth so that you can pass it on and secure the financial futures of your grandchildren, nothing is more compelling than the powers of communication and taking advice. “In fact, both the decision not to take advice and a lack of ability to communicate about wealth as a family has a much heftier price tag than you think. “The more you can educate yourself and your family on what your financial values are and what your ambition is for your assets, the more able you are to grow and preserve what you have for generations to come.”