Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta claims his transfer plans have not changed despite a comprehensive friendly win over Chelsea. Arsenal beat the Blues 4-0 in Orlando in the final match of their pre-season tour to the USA. Summer signing Gabriel Jesus opened the scoring before Martin Odegaard doubled the lead. Bukayo Saka and Albert Sambi Lokonga scored in the second half to seal an emphatic win. But Arteta does not want to get carried away by the result despite seeing plenty of positives. He said in his post-match press conference: "Yes but it was a friendly match. As you could see there are a lot of positives to take from the game. "The way we played, the intensity we showed, the way we were trying to show who we are as a team. But at the same time, it’s just a test match. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu opens up on Paqueta rumours - 'I've always liked him'  "Don’t get carried away. There are still a lot of things that we have to get better at, and do better. "But I think it’s good to get some momentum, finish the tour in the right way, give some enjoyment to our fans and everybody that’s been contributing to make this tour happen. Now it’s time to go back to London, to focus and keep making improvements and steps forward." Arteta was then asked if the game would have any effect on his plans for the rest of the transfer window. Speaking in the build up to the match, the Spaniard said he still wants to make further additions and knows the number of signings he wants to make. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel sends desperate transfer plea to Boehly after Arsenal lossRangers fans' classy gesture to Kane and Son during Tottenham lossMan Utd 'prepared to sanction Ronaldo loan' in counter-offer to Jorge Mendes  And he says that has not changed. He said: "Nothing. Again, don’t get carried away. There were a lot of positives, there are a lot of things we can do much, much better than we have done today as well and we have to continue to improve as a team." Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer and four of them have featured in the pre-season friendlies, with Fabio Vieira working his way back to full fitness. Arteta is pleased to have got so many deals across the line with over a month of the window still remaining. He added: "It’s ideal for any coach that you ask, the earlier you get the players, the better. Because you need to get them in the cohesion of the team, understanding each other, relaxed and comfortable socially around the team and the fact that (Jesus) has been with us for a few weeks makes a huge difference." 