Kirstie Allsopp, 50, came to the defence of former Chancellor Rishi Sunak after he launched a “slick” leadership bid to be the next Conservative Party leader. In a video shared on Friday, Rishi set out why he believes he is the man for the job. He said: “Our country faces huge challenges, the most serious for a generation."The decisions we make today will decide whether the next generation of British people will also have the chance of a better future...“Someone has to grip this moment and make the right decisions. That's why I'm standing to be the next leader of the Conservatives.”The clip raised some questions after Rishi’s leadership bid was launched just one day after Boris Johnson announced he was resigning. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Sharing her thoughts on the situation, Kirstie tweeted that she thinks Rishi’s “prepared” campaign is a “good thing”.She told her 428,000 followers: “People keep talking about Rishi’s ‘slick’ video that was already prepared.“But, isn’t being prepared a good thing? We’ve had enough of leaders who fly by the seat of their pants, on or off.”Kirstie’s comment divided users and several took to the comments to share their thoughts. DON'T MISSDolly Parton heartbreak: Star's husband's emotion confession on fame[INSIGHT]Lord Sugar blasts BBC coverage over no male' host at Women's Euros[LATEST]Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[NEWS] And a user named Robin then commented that Rishi “doesn’t have the integrity to be PM”. Kirstie soon responded to the user, saying: “He won’t get my vote, if I had one which I don’t, Tom would. But my point is about the weird idea that being prepared is a negative.”Kirstie voiced her support for Tom Tugendhat, MP for Tonbridge and Malling, earlier today. The presenter shared his leadership bid and penned: “I’m not a member of any party but, if I were a member of the Tory party, I would be thinking very hard about @TomTugendhat.  “We need much less division, better decisions and a wide world view.”