Liverpool have hinted at a blockbuster signing next summer after getting up to their old tricks in the transfer market. Ben Davies is the latest Reds fringe player to depart for a tidy profit as Jurgen Klopp continues to raise funds for future signings.   The 26-year-old centre-back joined from Preston North End for an initial £500,000 back in February of 2021 as Klopp scrambled around to sign some defensive cover after injuries ravaged his Reds squad. Davies never was required in the end and spent last season out on loan in the Championship, where he impressed at Sheffield United Without having played a single minute for the Anfield outfit, Liverpool have confirmed Davies has now joined Scottish giants Rangers in a £4million deal. But this isn't the only example of the Reds having sold a squad player for a profit. Takumi Minamino was offloaded to Monaco earlier in the window for more than he was signed for, while Liverpool also cashed in on academy graduate Neco Williams, recently selling him to newly-promoted Nottingham Forest for a sizeable £17m. The likes of Marko Grujic, Harry Wilson, Jordan Ibe, Rhian Brewster, Dom Solanke, Danny Ward and Xherdan Shaqiri are yet more examples of others who departed for higher fees than were paid out when they were signed. READ MORE: Ten Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd players as dressing room approach emerges  Put simply, Liverpool have made a habit of raising funds from the sales of players who scarcely get a look in. But the club also have a history of ensuring such funds don't go to waste. In the past, the Reds have undertaken a number of significant squad cleanses in order to raise revenue and then re-invest that money on marquee signings. The likes of Darwin Nunez, Virgil van Dijk and Alisson are just three examples of players who haven't come in on the cheap in recent years, but whose fees have been covered with the help of profitable transfer dealings. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budgeArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaTottenham already working on seventh summer signing as Djed Spence confirmed  And there's every reason to believe Liverpool are gearing up for another mega-money move next summer. With Klopp having sold a number of squad players in this window, and admitted more could yet depart, all signs are pointing to an exciting movement in the transfer market this time next year. The Reds boss is understood to have shelved plans to recruit a young, dynamic midfielder until next summer and it appears the money raised from recent sales - and those which are potentially still yet to come - could help fund a special transfer. Is this yet another hint that a move for Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham could well be on the cards in the near future? 