Arsenal fans were often annoyed by Arsene Wenger when he would refer to a player returning from loan or a long-term injury as "like a new signing". However, in William Saliba's case, that is very much a reality. Saliba joined Arsenal from Saint-Etienne in 2019 for £27million. However, he has not even come close to getting a chance in the first team so far. The French defender had featured in just one friendly for the club before this summer against MK Dons in 2020. His loan spells at Saint-Etienne, Nice and Marseille mean he has not even appeared in a match-day squad. But that is almost certainly set to change this week. Saliba's performances in pre-season have explained Arsenal supporters' excitement about him in the last three years. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd handed De Jong boost, Chelsea bid, Arsenal snubbed  The fans have been desperate for him to be given a chance and he is now grabbing it with both hands. He now looks set to be in pole position to start against Crystal Palace on Friday. Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer and are keen on further additions. But, in Saliba, they already have a player who could be considered as a sixth 'signing' and fans channelled their inner-Wenger on social media after a commanding display against Sevilla on Saturday. No one knew how much the 21-year-old would feature in pre-season but he has clearly leapfrogged Rob Holding in the centre-back hierarchy. The last two friendlies, against Chelsea and Sevilla, have seen the £50m Ben White play at right-back, with Saliba partnering Gabriel Magalhaes in the middle of defence. It is the dream scenario for Mikel Arteta. After several loans away from the club, Saliba has returned as a quality defender. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Arteta makes statement on more new signings after Sevilla winMan Utd ‘to meet De Jong for final crunch talks’ with new tacticMan Utd star McTominay triggers huge brawl in Atletico friendly  His performances at Marseille earned him a first call-up and caps for the senior French squad. Arteta has been handed a France international without having to spend any money. He isn't the finished product - no defenders are at his age. But if Arteta was one of his doubters, he has done all he can to prove him wrong. Arteta said of Saliba last week: "I am really pleased to see the way he is playing, the way he has adapted to the team, the maturity that he's shown at 21-years-old, carry on doing it. We will keep developing him, he has a huge potential, he is already a top player and we have to make him even better." If Saliba was not up to the task when he returned this summer, an exit would have probably been likely. But how he has settled into the backline is a major bonus for Arteta and saves him having to spend millions on the market to bolster his defensive resources. 