Britons have experienced scorching hot weather this week and it's only getting more hot with forecasters predicting a “danger to life” heatwave in the next week across the UK. This means the country is set for “exceptionally high temperatures”, according to the Met Office, with forecasts ranging anywhere from 32C to even 43C in parts of the UK under worst case scenarios. Now, everyone is looking for any way to keep cool and reduce the temperature in their house, preferably as cheaply as possible. While fans and air con do work, they are increasingly expensive to run thanks to the cost of living crisis and can even result in potential health problems, experts have said. Plus, homes in the UK are largely built to trap and keep heat in, thanks to the country’s usually moderate climate, which certainly doesn't help. But there is one little known trick to keeping a house cool which needs only a 65p roll of tin foil - such as that sold in Tesco as well as other supermarkets like Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury's and Aldi. People desperately trying to keep cool have urged others to roll out kitchen foil and spread on windows, especially any that receive direct sunlight. READ MORE: Inside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen Normally, when direct sunlight shines through a window, it magnifies the heat of the sun and makes your house even warmer - this is how greenhouses work to keep plants warm inside. But foil works by reflecting the sun off the window, sending it back outside instead. A spokesperson for Home Air Advisor explained: “People mainly use tin foil to prevent heat that’s coming through the windows. “Aluminium is resistant to heat, so it stops the heat from the sun entering homes. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]‘The best way’ to water tomato plants - ‘important to their growth’ [TIPS]All-important gardening job to do as heatwave and hose pipe ban loom [INSIGHT] “People usually cover the inside of the window with foil using tapes. “Since there’s no direct sunlight coming in, the temperature inside the house stays lower than outside.” Mostly, heat in the summer and cold in the winters comes through windows. For those who have large windows in the house, air conditioning bills can get extortionately high, which is why some people opt for tin foil covering for windows to keep heat out of their property. The expert added: “It can effectively keep the indoors cool and help reduce the energy costs, especially during those hot summer months. READ MORE: ‘Genius’ frozen washing up liquid hack to make oven racks ‘shine’ “Since it’s malleable, you can use it to cover any kind of surface and different shapes of windows.” There are concerns regarding the safety and practicality of tin foil on windows. However, according to the expert, there are “no major health or safety risks” associated with tin foil. After all, it is used in ovens. They added: “People think that prolonged exposure to direct sunlight can melt the tin foil. “It’s also a common misconception that it’s a fire hazard, catching fire when heated - that’s far from the truth.” Tin foil has an incredibly high resistance to heat. Its melting point is 660 degrees which is way higher than the average temperatures outside in the peak of summer so homeowners  don’t have to worry about the foil melting in the sun. For those who would prefer an alternative method, they can always get aluminium blinds installed to keep their house cool. A spokesperson from Unbeatable Blinds had this to say: “As the cost of living has grown in recent months, finding the right thermal blind for you and using it correctly can not only keep you cool during a heatwave, but they will significantly lower the cost of those ever-increasing energy bills this winter.” In the summer months, the aluminium coating helps to reflect sunlight, stopping your space from getting uncomfortably warm and reducing 75 percent of heat entering your home, according to the blinds expert.