She is also a downright miracle-maker. Why do I say so? Well, she’s achieved the nigh-on impossible. Not only did she cheerfully attend the wedding of her ex-husband Captain Mark Phillips’ daughter by his second wife Sandy, but Anne also managed to blend their two children, Peter and Zara Phillips, with their half-sister and her mother so successfully that they all pitched up with smiles on their faces and their delightful daughters as bridesmaids. Little song or dance has been made of Anne’s shrewd magnanimity. Mark, Sandy and daughter Stephanie have lived contentedly on her Gatcombe Estate since their divorce in 1992. Anne’s generosity has meant Peter and Zara have shuttled effortlessly between both homes, formed a close bond with their stepmother and an affectionate, easy relationship with their half-sibling. The princess’s beatific expression as she watched her adored granddaughters walk up the aisle behind her ex’s child – while clearly cherishing the company of her children and their partners – was enchanting. Also at the blended wedding party was Anne’s son Peter’s ex Autumn Phillips with new boyfriend, and Peter’s new girlfriend Lindsay Wallace. Known for occasional grumpiness and a straight-talking lack of tact inherited from her father, Anne isn’t often spotted grinning from ear to ear. But at this glorious summer wedding she had every reason to feel chuffed to bits. Many divorcees can’t bear to face each other at their own children’s weddings. Often the ill-will is palpable and bride and groom are forced to spend their nuptials appeasing and even separating warring factions. The number of folk who turn out to their ex’s children by another partner’s wedding must be tiny. Bitterness puts paid to needless contact. We don’t all own huge country piles within which our former spouses can be comfortably accommodated. But I can’t imagine there’s a divorced adult in the land who doesn’t take their hat off to Anne for presiding over the blending of two fractured families with such sense and sensibility. Perhaps the Queen has taught her that rare trick of how to bury hurt and replace it with love and hospitality. Oh my goodness how we’ll miss Sue Barker. She’s a tremendous broadcaster: knowledgeable, quick-thinking, quietly humorous and attractively authoritative. Of course she shed a few tears when she hung up her Wimbledon microphone after 30 emotional and impeccable years. She’s still squarely at the top of her game and could commentate with her eyes shut. So it is to her credit that she has reached her own decision – like Mary Poppins and Nanny McPhee – to leave when she is still loved and wanted. Sue is a mistress of timing and couldn’t bear to outstay her welcome. There wasn’t a dry eye in our house as Sue, above, waved her gracious goodbye. I spent a whole sensational day in her company once and I can guarantee you that she’s planned an uproarious and scintillating retirement. You know it... you know you do. If I asked you to sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star you’d motor right through the words “like a diamond in the sky”. Likewise, Baa Baa Black Sheep, featuring those three bags full, “One for the master and one for the dame, One for the little boy who lives down the lane”. I know you are fluent in nursery rhyme because we all were. Our parents warbled them at home. Our teachers chanted them at school. We had books full of pictures containing all the lyrics. Today’s parents can’t sing lullabies because they don’t know the words – so we’re told. I suspect they had their fill-in kindergarten and have chosen to send their tots to sleep with George Ezra or Rihanna. Frankly, who can blame them? I’ve told you before: I’d sooner dress as lamb than miserable old mutton. Every summer fashionistas trot out articles about what not to wear over a certain vintage. This year one newspaper bans us from daring to flaunt our midriffs in bikinis, while another puts a hex on skinny jeans, court shoes, denim jackets, long cardigans, spindly heels and pencil skirts. What does that leave us – hessian sacks and duvet covers? Flipping hell, we hot vintage chicks know what suits us and what looks lumpy. If we have good pins we hoik up our skirts. If our twin peaks are worth dusting off, we drop our necklines. We all have smooth shoulders and can strut our stuff, even if we don’t have Elle Macpherson’s figure. Sorry, ladies of the fashion pages, we don’t give a fig for your sartorial sell-by dates. Poor Carrie, lament the intelligentsia. It’s one thing to zoom into No.10 and marry a prime minister but quite another to move out again with a political has-been. Stuff and nonsense. Boris Johnson will surely whizz about the globe dazzling enthralled audiences, hosting TV extravaganzas, churning out controversial columns and being paid unimaginably gargantuan treasure chests of dosh. He’ll be free to unleash his cabaret-entertainer Midas touch and he’ll do it with elan, and Carrie, left, will love every star-studded second. Just watch. She's inescapable and omnipotent. Peppa Pig infiltrates all households. You can do your utmost to hold her at bay and she’ll still enter on a lunchbox or tin of spaghetti, ensuring that you then become hooked. Somehow, finding out that Quentin Tarantino is forced by his two-year-old Leo to endure vast chunks of Peppa and her oinking family makes me feel a heck of a lot better about the many hours in my one and only life that I have offered up on the altar of this pale pink queen of muddy puddles.