The row comes as Shell and British Gas owner Centrica have recorded billions in profits, leading to widespread outrage as households across the country struggle with bills. Speaking to Good Morning Britain's Ranvir Singh and Ben Shephard on Friday, the two guests become embroiled in a row after Jack claimed Andy has a conflict of interest because his company receives donations from energy companies. She fumed that he "represented his donors" and claimed ITV viewers had a "right" to know the context of his viewpoint. As host Ben asked how Andy would defend the companies, the analyst explained: "Well Shell, to be clear, is a global cooperation operating in 70 counties. "So why that company should be thinking only about welfare in the UK is not clear cut. "At the same time, we want these companies to be investing in the energy future that will get bills down long term." Jack interjected though, stating: "Can I just provide some context here? Because Andy's here representing the IEA, but the IEA have just received sizable donations from fuel companies and the energy industry since 1967. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne "And I think viewers at home deserve the context that he's speaking to defend energy companies when he's literally funded by them." "Just to be clear I'm here because I've got 20 years (of) experience in the energy industry," Andy argued. He added: "And I understand what is a vastly complicated set of interlocking-" Jack cut in to point out: "But you're also paid and funded by that industry." Andy explained: "We don't allow people who donate to the IEA to have any say over what IEA-" "So you don't represent the interest of your donors?" Jack asked, to which Andy replied: "No." Jack went on: "For Andy to sit here and say that the government should be intervening and putting measures in place - the government proposed perfectly sensible, workable, self0funding, cost0free to the taxpayer measures, and you didn't support them." "Yes," Andy responded. "Because it's not necessarily the best way of doing that. DON'T MISS... GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills [LATEST]Only Fools writer's groundbreaking decision after cast death [VIDEO]Meghan Markle fans blast Lorraine over 'disgusting' Bower interview [INTERVIEW] "If you get the same effect by increasing general welfare payments then it's usually much better targeted, so." "But they're not doing that either," Jack replied. Andy argued: "Well at the moment, the government's not doing anything because they're having a leadership debate, trying to decide who's going to run the country." "They haven't been doing anything for the last 12 years, actually," Jack hit back. "Sorry, why did you oppose that?" Ranvie probed. "You say it's to the best way but, frankly, we're not looking at the best options, we need any option! "People haven't got time to wait for the best options." "Yeah, so the proposals that might do a better job are getting bills down faster," Andy remarked. "Numer one, remove VAT from fuel bills, the current Prime Minister said he would do that, he hasn't done it. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.