Some people on low incomes may even be able to slash their bill to nothing. People can apply for a reduction in the tax whatever their situation, whether or not they own their home, rent, are unemployed or are working.    The reduced amount that a person receives depends on where they live, their income, number of children and benefits that they are claiming. The amount will also depend on any savings and pensions that they have, as well as their partner’s income. It will also vary depending on how much children and adults live with the claimant. The Government website has a tool where a user can input their postcode, and it will direct them to the relevant district council, which will have information about eligibility and how to claim the discount. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes   With the rising cost of living, Universal Credit claimants may want to look at the support available towards everyday costs and bills. People can get Discretionary Housing Payments if their Universal Credit payment is not enough to cover their rent. Cold Weather Payments and Disabled Facilities Grants are also available. Claimants will also receive the first instalment of a £650 payment to help with the cost of living, to be paid from July 14. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ [INSIGHT]Prescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [ANALYSIS]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE]   The first payment will be £326 with the other £324 to be paid in the autumn. The amount of Universal Credit or other benefit payments a person usually receives will not be affected, unless their situation has changed. Cost of living payments will be tax-free and will not count towards the benefit cap. More than eight million people will get the initial July payment, alongside several other measures to support people on low incomes. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more   Claimants with children may be eligible for free early education for two year olds and free school meals. Healthy Start vouchers are available in England and Wales for women who are pregnant or those who have a child under four years old. There is also a Sure Start Maternity Grant in England and Wales and a Pregnancy and Baby payment in Scotland. People in need of help with legal bills can get support for prison visiting costs, the costs of courts or tribunals and legal aid.     Money towards health costs is also on offer, including prescriptions and dental treatment. Bereaved claimants can get help with a Funeral Expenses Payment while those moving house can get a discount on redirecting their mail. Savers may also want to set up a Help to Save account, where a 50p bonus is added for each £1 that is saved over a four year period. Account holders pay in between £1 and £50 each month, with a potential bonus of £1,200. For tips on money, claimants can arrange a Jobcentre Plus work coach, or contact Citizens Advice or National Debtline.   