Wimbledon fans have shared their frustrations as the BBC snubbed Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas' popcorn match for Rafael Nadal. Viewers slammed the Spaniard's match against Lorenzo Sonego as "boring" while calling for the broadcaster to air the Aussie's match against the fourth seed. Kyrgios and Tsitsipas are facing off for the fifth time in their careers in one of the most exciting matches of the men's draw at Wimbledon so far. The pair are deep in battle in the second set but viewers at home have been unable to watch the blockbuster third round after the BBC chose to air Nadal's match against Sonego, where the second seed is crusing with a set-and-break lead. And fans have aired their grievances with the broadcaster for showing a "boring" match instead of the fiery showdown, in which Kyrgios has already hit out at the umpire and played several tweener shots. "Why isn't the BBC plying the match? Nadal's match is so boring #Kyrgios," one viewer tweeted. Another ranted: "Are BBC contractually obliged to put Nadal on or something? There's a cracker between kyrgios and tsitsipas on court 1 but they decide to put nadal's walkover match on BBC 1." JUST IN: Swiatek knocked out in huge Wimbledon upset to end 37-match streak  Fans can only view the match on the red button, with Tsitsipas joining his opponent in receiving a code violation after smacking the ball into the crowd and narrowly missing a spectator. The pair faced off earlier this month in Halle where the Aussie came from a set down to defeat the 23-year-old, and after taking the second set on Court 1 could be set to do the same again. "He just hit a ball in the f****** crowd, are you dumb? "hat classifies as that then? You can hit a ball in the crowd and not get hit with something? So now they have to be hurt? That's a disgrace," the 27-year-old said after Tsitsipas hit the ball into the crowd. DON'T MISSDe Minaur would have 'given up' Wimbledon court for girlfriend BoulterHeather Watson suffers injury scare ahead ahead of Wimbledon clashWimbledon star Alex de Minaur booed after knocking out second Brit    Nick Kyrgios has already received a warning Kyrgios had complained about the officials earlier in the match and asked for a "new referee" when the umpire overruled a line call. "It's 5-5 all bro, it's 5-5 all bro. So get a new one, get a new referee," he ranted. "Bro, you're supposed to make the right call, you don't get credit unless you make the right call. You just say sorry and it's all good? It's f***ing... why don't you just get a new referee? He's got one line to call bro." Stefanos Tsitsipas fired a ball into the stands