Each Sunday evening, BBC viewers tune in to see the latest news from the agricultural world from the likes of Adam Henson, Matt Baker and many more. However, following coverage on topics like fox hunting, badger culling and other issues, the BBC is now launching an impartiality review to see if Countryfile meets its editorial standards. A BBC insider said of the review [via The National]: "Countryfile has to deal with some contentious issues that bring out differing views. “This is the first of many programmes we'll be looking at as part of our review process, but the kinds of issues Countryfile covers make it a good barometer for impartiality." The show has come under fire in recent weeks for its tackling of a number of environmental and agricultural issues. Twitter user Malcolm Guy fumed last month, for example: “@BBCCountryfile being incredibly #political on nuclear fuel waste. READ MORE: Amanda Owen teased as she baffles fans with stumbling appearance “No mention of the 700lbs of #blackmass waste from every @Tesla 1000lbs battery. The @BBC is supposed to be unbiased. Countryfile is a politically biased programme.” And Gillian Milsom argued: “I no longer watch the beeb, cancelled my licence but when I did countryfile used to be one of my favourites but as they started to go woke alongside biased news reporting made up my mind to leave.” (sic) Gary Harrison added: “Countryfile deliberately ignore real country life and are biased in their very slim coverage of any field sports." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. The BBC has noted that Countryfile has not been selected for review "because of any particular impartiality concerns", however. The broadcaster announced it will also be reviewing several of its other TV and radio programmes, including BBC Breakfast. BBC Breakfast airs daily on the flagship BBC One and BBC News. Following Dan Walker's departure earlier this year, the likes of Naga Munchetty, Charlie Stayt, Sally Nugent and the newly appointed Jon Kay front the majority of the show. DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen shares ‘stressful’ experience [REACTION]GMB outrage as guest calls for PET benefits 'Having pet ISN'T luxury' [DEBATE]Ranvir Singh slapped down by Coffey over Brexit probe [WATCH] The BBC added [via The Sun]: "There is no clearer promotion of the editorial guidelines on the BBC's internal website to further understanding of them, "And there is ongoing work with content teams to support more open discussion around editorial issues." Should the review finds any impartialit issues, Countryfile is expected to make appropriate editorial changes. The latest edition of Countryfile was an emotional one for regular presenter and contributor Tom Heap. Tom met with Ukrainian refugees working in the UK after fleeing their home country following Russian attacks. When one refugee became overwhelmed with emotion recalling the situation on the ground in Ukraine, he walked away from the Countryfile host. "It's agonising, he so wants to tell us the story," Tom emotionally said to the camera. "But it's so painful for him." Countryfile continues Sundays on BBC One.