The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for extreme heat for Sunday July 17, where the mercury is predicted to hit 34C. Ministers have reportedly put plans in place for the record-breaking temperatures, with warnings that negative side effects from the heat will not be limited to vulnerable people.  They have also warned that substantial changes may need to be made to daily routines and work practices, that travel disruption may occur and a larger number of people visiting coastal areas may increase the risk of drowning. The warning is in place for almost all of England - the East Midlands, East Anglia, London and the south east, the north east, north west, the south west and Wales, the West Midlands and Yorkshire and the Humber. The amber weather warning states: “Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. “Population-wide adverse health effects are likely to be experienced, not limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat, leading to potential serious illness or danger to life.  “Government advice is that 999 services should be used in emergencies only; seek advice from 111 if you need non-emergency health advice.” For Tuesday the Met Office says: “There will be a good deal of cloud today, but still with bright or sunny spells in the south, where it will turn hot again. “Some rain in the north edging south, with the odd shower for Wales and central England later.” On Wednesday they forecast: “Many central and southern areas dry and very warm with sunny spells. Chance of a shower in the south at first.  READ MORE: Ukraine and Russia warn of 'problem' posed by sea mines in Black Sea “Sunny intervals and scattered showers in the north.” The high heat predicted to come is causing chaos on Britain’s roads as winter gritters are being brought out in Hampshire to spread sand on the road instead of salt. This is done so that the sand can soak up excess tar and reduce the chances of the roads melting.  DON'T MISS:Nadine Dorries believes Boris will return - ‘He’ll be back!’ [SPOTLIGHT]Sunak supporters lash out at Tory leadership challengers over tax cuts [INSIGHT]Gnabry's stance on snubbing Arsenal and Man Utd for Chelsea transfer [SPORT] A spokesman for the Local Government Association told Sky News: “Snow and ice are the last thing on most people's minds at the moment and I'm sure there's been a lot of head-scratching if they've seen our gritters out on the roads in the height of summer. “However, our gritting teams are once again playing a vital role in keeping the country's roads safe for motorists. “This proactive work helps reduce the potential damage high temperatures can inflict on our roads, so keeping them safe and limiting disruption. “Councils will continue to monitor road temperatures and once the weather cools will begin carrying out repairs if needed.” 