The Queen, 96, is staying at Wood Farm on her Sandringham estate following a series of engagements in Scotland last week. She was spotted being driven this morning by her racing manager John Warren after visiting her horses at a nearby stables. The Queen, who is suffering from ongoing mobility issues, looked pensive as she sat in the passenger seat. It comes after fresh claims emerged about her second son Prince Andrew's disastrous Newsnight interview in 2019 about his friendship with the late Jeffrey Epstein. Producer Sam McAlister, who secured the bombshell BBC interview, wrote in her new book Scoops: "What followed was one astonishing answer after another. "Each time I thought it couldn't get any worse, it did. "The answers showed how totally removed the prince was from the reality of an average life." The interview saw the Duke of York claim he could not sweat, give an alibi of being at Pizza Express and say he did not regret his association with the billionaire paedophile. Andrew also insisted he had "no recollection" of meeting Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre, who alleged the royal sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was under 18. The fallout led to the Duke stepping down from public duties shortly afterwards. And earlier this year he paid millions to settle a civil sex assault case brought against him in the US by Ms Giuffre. He has always strenuously denied the allegations and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on his part. The Queen's appearance today also comes after she spent a busy week in Scotland for Holyrood Week alongside other members of the Royal Family. She kicked off the week by stepping out for the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh. The monarch also attended an armed forces act of loyalty parade at her Scottish royal residence. In her third major event of the week, the head of state looked on as more than 300 officers and archers from the Queen's Body Guard for Scotland took part in the Reddendo parade. During her stay at Holyroodhouse, the Queen also held an audience with Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. Concern for the 96-year-old's health has been heightened since she spent a night in hospital last October. The monarch now regularly uses a walking stick and rarely carries out engagements outside of her royal residences. 