Paddy Pimblett might not be headlining the UFC Fight Night event in London this Saturday night, but the Scouser will undoubtedly be one of the star names on show at the O2 Arena. 'The Baddy', who was won both bouts and bagged two 'Performance of the Night' awards since signing with Dana White, will take on Jordan Leavitt in a lightweight contest. And, if the 27-year-old stays true to his word, it could be the last chance fans have to see him in action on these shores until at last 2025. He's vowed not to fight in the UK until then unless an event can take place at Anfield. Indeed, his desire to fight at that venue will come as no surprise, given the aspects of Pimblett's life which are public knowledge. He's a Liverpool FC supporter, he's publicly backed the the city's boycott of The Sun newspaper over the false allegations printed about the Hillsborough disaster, and describes himself as a socialist who opposes the Conservative party. But not so much is known about the love of his life. As the star's Instagram posts indicate, he has been in a relationship with Laura Gregory for more than two years, and is now engaged to her having propposed in February this year. JUST IN: Conor McGregor's manager lays into Floyd Mayweather and provides rematch update Gregory herself has her own Instagram account, and her profile picture is a snap of her and Pimblett. Her following, perhaps boosted by her relationship, exceeds 26,900 users, and she regularly uploads posts of her and Pimblett enjoying themselves together. Around four weeks ago, she revealed to her followers that the couple were attending an Elton John concert together, but she doesn't appear to have a social media presence on Twitter or Tik Tok. According to dailynewscatcher, Gregory is a social media influencer with a net worth of around £41,700. DON'T MISS:Conor McGregor vs Dustin Poirier 4 shut down as Notorious recommended 'car wreck' fightConor McGregor told next UFC fight after Nate Diaz lifted lid on Dana White's planNate Diaz follows Conor McGregor as UFC star slates Khabib Nurmagomedov in X-rated rant She is approximately 5ft 6ins tall, and weighs around 60kg. However, although she is known as London-born, her age or exact date of birth doesn't appear to be common knowledge. Whether Gregory is in the stands at The O2 on Saturday night remains to be seen. Regardless, Pimblett won't be short of support has he bids to work his way towards a UFC title shot.