Meghan was introduced to some of Prince Harry's oldest friends and their families in March 2017, when they all gathered for the wedding of Tom "Skippy" Inskip. In his upcoming biography of the Duchess of Sussex titled 'Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors', investigative journalist Tom Bower claimed the "close-knit group" who was eager to meet the woman loved by the Duke were "quickly disappointed". In an extract published by The Times, the author claimed: "A seminal moment occurred during the couple’s trip to Jamaica in March 2017 to celebrate the marriage of Tom 'Skippy' Inskip, Harry’s Etonian friend who had been present in Las Vegas during Harry’s nude romp. "Harry flew premium economy from London; Meghan arrived from Toronto in a friend’s private jet. "About 40 guests, including Harry’s oldest friends, gathered for the three-day party at the Round Hill Hotel in Montego Bay. "Some of the parents in attendance fondly remembered giving Harry cottage pie and comfort during his teenage years. "The close-knit group keenly anticipated meeting Meghan. They were quickly disappointed. "Not only did she quibble about the food, but behaved 'princessy', refusing to engage with Harry’s friends, some said. "'She wasn’t interested in us,' said one mother." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment. READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims Mr Bower's claim comes several months after Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand wrote in their book 'Finding Freedom' how Mr Inskip and his wife Lara were absent from the evening bash held after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's wedding. In the flattering but unauthorised biography of the Sussexes, the authors wrote: "[Tom and Lara Inskip] were invited to the wedding ceremony and lunchtime reception but didn't make the cut for the evening bash. "At a brunch the day after the wedding, Skippy told friends 'Meghan has changed Harry too much.' "His Eton friend said the prince was awed by the likes of the Clooneys and Oprah. 'We've lost him,' Skippy concluded." Meghan and Harry met in the summer of 2016 while the then actress was in London. Their relationship was uncovered by the Sunday Express in October 2016, and confirmed by the Duke of Sussex himself a few weeks later as his office released a statement calling out the "wave of abuse and harassment" Meghan was experiencing. In the communication, the now Duchess was openly described as Harry's "girlfriend". Their blossoming romance was cultivated between the UK and Canada, where Meghan was working as one of the main stars in TV series Suits. The pair made their first official appearance together at the Invictus Games taking place in September 2017 in Toronto, where the public also caught a glimpse of Meghan's doting mother Doria Ragland. Two months later, Meghan and Harry stepped out in the Sunken Garden at Kensington Palace to announce their engagement, crowned with a diamond and gold ring the Duke commissioned using two diamonds from the late Princess of Wales' personal collection. Meghan officially joined the Royal Family in May 2018 upon tying the knot with Harry at a splendid ceremony held at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Less than two years after their nuptials, the Duke and Duchess bowed out of the Firm as full-time working royals and relocated to California with their son Archie Harrison. The family, who has since also welcomed Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, now live in a mansion in the star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito, in Santa Barbara. The Sussexes continue to dedicate their time to causes close to their heart such as mental health and female empowerment but have also struck deals as producers with Netflix and Spotify. Moreover, in early 2021, Harry was named chief impact officer at coaching and mental health firm BetterUp.