Rachel Lowe entered the Den in 2004 seeking £75,000 for 30 percent of her business, Destination London. Destination London is a fast-moving taxi board game aimed at families and tourists. She wanted the investment to expand her brand and create other Destination games for cities around the world including Paris and NewYork. She explained her board game was set to launch in Hamley’s as a way to gain support, however Duncan Bannatyne explained she may not get anything out of her launch - especially if the story was not picked up by the press. Peter Jones was skeptical to invest as he believed the board game market was very competitive, especially if she us up against big names like monopoly. Her lack of experience in the business industry was also a problem for him.He said he could not invest as there may be “too many pitfalls.” After being asked about her figures, Rachel could not give clear or precise answers. READ MORE: 'Will result in huge benefits!' Couple explain how they cut bills by over £1,000 a year As she left Doug Richard said it was a “crappy investment”. However it didn't matter in the end as Hamley's launched Destination London and it became its best selling game that year. The board game even out sold is greatest competitor, Monopoly in 2005. In 2008 Rachel’s game had outsold every other game in Regents Street Hamley's store. READ MORE: 'Going to change my life': Pensioner in tears after boss gives her £16k towards retirement Rachel has now launched a staggering 21 different varieties of the game. The Queen also gave her approval as Rachel was awarded an MBE for services to business in 2009. She also now has a current net worth estimated to be £96million. Rachel had been in the board game business since 2002 but was turned down as she didn't have much experience with running a business. The entrepreneur was working as a taxi driver, to earn money for her law degree, when she came up with the idea for her game - Destination London. The game would take players through iconic London tourist destinations, making it fun for the family as well as a souvenir for tourists. With Dragons' Den recently coming to a close for another series, it is interesting to look at previous pitches that have received investment, and one’s that have not. Despite leaving the experience with no investment, Destination London went on to become a popular name in the board game business. Another example is Tangle Teezer, a hairbrush company that is now worth £200million. Rob's rejection has also been one of the biggest success stories in the show's history. Dragons’ Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.