The Alzheimer’s Society’s flagship fundraising event, Memory Walk, will be in its 10th year come September, when 25 scenic walks will take place across the UK. The charity stated: "It has never been more important to support Alzheimer’s Society’s crucial work. Too many people are facing dementia alone without adequate support. We urgently need to find a cure, improve care and offer help and understanding for people affected." To raise awareness about the symptoms of dementia, the Alzheimer's Society has highlighted 10 signs of the condition. One of the possible indications of declining cognitive ability is when a person forgets things more frequently. Another sign could be "losing track of [the] date and time", or "regularly getting distracted and losing focus". The brain condition can result in the person putting things in unusual places, and it can become more "difficult [for the person] to complete familiar tasks". READ MORE: Dementia warning: New study links popular UK drink to 'poorer cognitive performance' People who have the condition may not find the "right words" for objects around the home, such as "TV remote". Dementia can also make the person become "withdrawn and less social", leading to "changes in mood and behaviour". When losing mental faculties, there can be more trouble making informed and careful decisions. Moreover, there can be "difficulty understanding what you see" causing confusion. DON'T MISSAlzheimer's: Study finds hidden sign 17 years before [ADVICE]Eyesight: Drink enjoyed by many could lead to blindness [TIPS]Dad-of-four stabbed for no reason on holiday [INSIGHT] 10 signs of dementia How to minimise your risk of dementia A person's risk factor for developing dementia can be lowered. For instance, you can cut down on the amount of alcohol you drink, not smoke, and keep active. You can also minimise your dementia risk by stimulating your mind and eating a balanced diet. While you can take steps to minimise the likelihood of developing dementia, it does not guarantee that you will not develop the condition. The charity predicts that 225,000 more people will develop the brain condition this year. The Alzheimer’s Society "wants everyone affected by dementia to know that whoever they are, whatever they’re going through, they can turn to us for expert support". Support is available through practical advice, emotional support, and guidance for the best next step. Between September and October, Memory Walks will take place at: Actress Vicky McClure, who is an ambassador for the charity, said: "It’s always incredible to see so many people uniting against dementia. "It’s a cause that is really close to my heart, having lost my Nana to dementia."