Superstar Adele halted her British Summer Time concert at Hyde Park today after she became aware of a fan in need of attention. In footage circulating on social media, the Hello hitmaker, 34, could be heard starting the theme tune from James Bond hit Skyfall before promptly stopping the song to call for security to help the concert goer. In the clip, the star could be heard singing one line of Skyfall before stopping. The glamorous star shouted: "Stop, stop, stop, security!" while pointing into the audience. Sending security into the crowd of 65,000 people, the singer told concert goers to "move out of the way". She told the person in need: "Do you need security's help? They're coming." READ MORE: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy As the security team were on their way, Adele attempted to direct them from the stage. She shouted: "Right in the middle there, can you see where they are all waving?" Adele's return to the stage marks five years since her last performance. Taking to the stage, she told the crowd she's "happy to be back" ahead of her set. Yesterday, Adele took to the stage in a stunning, black velvet gown. The star looked sensational in the glamorous number which perfectly showcased her stunning figure. It comes days after the singer sparked fury on social media after sharing details of her latest gig being held at London's Hyde Park. She told her fans: "The line up for my Hyde Park shows next week is going to blow your socks off!! DON'T MISS... Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [INSIGHT]John Cleese worries fans as he seemingly sports injury after show [UPDATE]Naga Munchetty inundated with support amid her and husband's loss [ANALYSIS] "An all female bill, from new artists that I'm obsessed with to the heavenly @spaceykacey to one of my favorite artists of all time @gabrielleuk who I’ve loved since I was 4!! "It’s going to be incredible, there’s a whole host of us performing all day, I can’t wait to share the main stage with you ladies," she ended the post Fans furiously took to her comment section and vented their frustrations after no word had been shared about the singer's Vegas gigs. Her highly-anticipated residency has been hit by more delays as it has been reported that Caesars Palace - where she's set to perform - have laid off staff over the summer. According to The Sun, theatre workers at the hotel, casino and entertainment complex in Nevada had been told to "go home" until September. Adele devastated fans earlier this year when she canceled her highly-anticipated Las Vegas residency just 24 hours before she was set to hit the stage at Caesar's Palace. She devastated fans earlier this year when she cancelled her Las Vegas residency just 24 hours before she was set to hit the stage at Caesar's Palace, as the singer broke down in tears posting the news in a candid video. Express.co.uk contacted Adele's representatives for comment.