Susanna Reid revealed she suffered a wardrobe malfunction this evening as she accepted an award at the TRIC Awards in London. The Good Moring Britain presenter, 51, exclaimed that one of her buttons had come undone as she took to the stage in front of the audience at Grosvenor House. Accepting Good Morning Britain's Multi-Channel News Award, the ITV presenter exclaimed that her top had popped open. Susanna said: "If you're wondering why I'm holding onto my dress, I've just popped a button!" The star was holding onto the front of her dress while joining her co-hosts Kate Garraway and Charlotte Hawkins on stage when the malfunction occured, MailOnline reported. Despite experiencing the wardrobe malfunction, Suanna was the epitome of glam in a fitted white blazer dress. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour The ITV host was a vision in white in the pristine mini number which showed off her incredibly toned legs. Thanks to the large open collar design of the garment, Susanna displayed just a hint of cleavage as she accepted the award. Susanna wore her highlighted brown tresses in soft curls which fell over her shoulders as well as a full face of natural-looking make-up. The star accessorised with a few pieces of gold jewellry, including a bracelet and large pendant which sat on her chest. Also attending the TRIC Awards was Loose Women panellist Ruth Langsford alongside her ex-ITV presenter husband, Eamonn Holmes. Ruth was spotted clutching onto her husband as the pair made an appearance alongside the latter's new co-star Isabel Webster. The pair were joined in some of the pictures by Eamonn’s GB News Breakfast co-host Isabel, 39, who is the star's new "TV wife" after fronting This Morning with Ruth for 14 years. The trio looked fabulous as they suited up for the occasion - with Ruth wearing an orange blazer, Eamonn in a navy suit, and Isabel looking elegant in a nude number. DON'T MISS...Cliff Richard, 81, sparks frenzy in outlandish outfit at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant looks serious at Wimbledon as fans call for him to be PM [ANALYSIS]Holly Willoughby, 41, looks radiant as she wows in tight-fitting dress [UPDATE] Ruth paired her blazer with black straight-legged trousers and gold sandals, while Isabel wore white shorts and neutral-toned stilettos. Holly Willoughby also attended the prestigious awards event as a vision in pink. The mother of three stunned in the baby pink midi number which showcased her incredible figure. Holly cut a chic figure in the tight-fitting dress as she posed up a storm for snaps. The mother-of-three wore her blonde tresses in their usual wavy style alongside a full face of glamorous makeup. Also in attendance was her This Morning co-host Philip Schofield, as well as the show's guest presenter Rochelle Humes who appeared with her husband, Marvin. This Morning won the coveted Daytime Award while Eamonn won News Presenter. ITV's Ant and Dec and radio host Roman Kemp were also among those honoured with an award.