Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky took aim at the Kremlin yesterday as Vladimir Putin's troops continued with efforts to subjugate the ex-Soviet state. Mr Zelensky, who entered office just three years ago, delivered the remarks in a video address to the people of Ukraine on Tuesday night. Zelensky said: "They no longer have strategic power, character, or understanding of what they are doing here, on our land. "There is not an iota of courage to admit defeat and withdraw troops from the Ukrainian territory." Ukraine has also claimed a small victory in launching an attack against Russia at an ammunition depot. Kyiv's Operational Command South claimed responsibility after an ammunition depot in the occupied town of Kakhovka, Kherson was destroyed on July 11. JUST IN: Zelensky warns of ‘really difficult road’ ahead as Russian invasion continues A 10-second clip, believed to be from the incident, shows plumes of smoke in the night sky while the explosion takes place. Russia's invasion of Ukraine entered its 140th day today but the Ministry of Defence (MoD) claims the Kremlin is only making "small incremental territorial gains". In a recent intelligence update, the MoD said: "Russian troops continue to make small incremental territorial gains in Donetsk oblast with Russia claiming to have seized control of the town of Hryhorivka. "Russian forces also continue their assault along the E-40 main supply route towards the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk. READ MORE: Putin smashed as Zelensky's heroes liberate key territories 'Counterattacking three ways' "Russian forces are likely maintaining military pressure on Ukrainian forces whilst regrouping and reconstituting for further offensives in the near future." However, the MoD also appeared to suggest Putin is struggling to bolster numbers during the invasion. It has even been reported the Kremlin has turned to prisons to boost numbers. The MoD added: "Russian Armed Forces’ personnel shortages may be forcing the Russian MOD to turn to non-traditional recruitment. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians [ANALYSIS]Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [INSIGHT]How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and Navy [REPORT] "This includes recruiting personnel from Russian prisons for the Wagner Private Military Company. "If true, this move likely indicates difficulties in replacing the significant numbers of Russian casualties."