O’Leary warned passengers that Ryanair flight prices are set to soar for the next five years. He also blamed Brexit for current staffing issues in the aviation industry. “It’s (flying) got too cheap for what it is. I find it absurd every time I fly to Stansted, the train journey into central London is more expensive than the air fare," O’Leary told the Financial Times. The budget airline chief said he expected tickets to rise from 40 euros (£34) to 50-60 euros (£43-£51). He said he expected the high cost of fuel and environmental charges to push up the price of Ryanair tickets. Despite being a pioneer of cheap flights, O’Leary said he didn’t believe the budget airline industry was sustainable. READ MORE: Airport chaos: All countries reporting major delays and queues While flight prices are higher than average this summer, data from Kayak.com shows that many tickets have fallen in price over the last 10 years. Plane tickets from London to Athens have halved in price over the last decade with many European destinations seeing a drop. O’Leary also slammed the Government for the Brexit ‘disaster’ which he blamed for current staffing issues in aviation. He claimed Brexit had stopped the travel industry from recruiting European workers to plug gaps. O’Leary said: “This is without doubt one of the inevitable consequences of the disaster that has been Brexit. “Withdrawing from the single market, just so that they can say ‘We got Brexit done’ was the height of idiocy. But then they are idiots.” The Government has said that opening up the industry to EU workers would not solve staffing issues. Transport secretary Grant Shapps has said: “If anybody’s solution is all we need to do is employ cheap labour from somewhere else – I didn’t vote for Brexit, but the country did and we made our choice. READ MORE: The Cruise crew deal with gatecrashers at VIP escape “We want a high-wage high-skill economy. That means the aviation sector like all other sectors - as the HGV lorry driver sector has now done – must train people domestically. “Airports across Europe have also had the same queues, so if it was just a Brexit issue, then that wouldn’t be the case.” Ryanair has had fewer issues than other airlines over the last month with less disruption than BA and easyJet. This could be because the airline did not sack staff during the pandemic but kept them employed on a lower wage. However, O’Leary said he had a lot of sympathy for other airlines as Covid had been “unbelievably difficult”. British tourists are set to experience a summer of travel misery as staff shortages are likely to cause disruption. BA workers at Heathrow are set to strike at some point this summer over an ongoing pay dispute. Tourists have also faced lengthy queues at UK airports with some forced to wait outside the airport.