In series two of Channel 5’s Motorway Cops: Catching Britain’s Speeders, Cheshire Police’s elite team of motorway police officers return. Narrated by Nicky Campbell, the series follows the team as they crack down on some of Britain’s most serious driving offenders. In this episode, PC’s Ian Cosgrove and Rich Woodward attend the scene of a shocking multi-vehicle crash on the M56 which has left a woman trapped in a car. Meanwhile, an ANPR hit has identified a stolen vehicle entering Cheshire from North Wales. Inspector Anton Sullivan enlists the help of PC’s Niaz Waddington and Amy Hollis to pull the car over. Both occupants claim to have permission from the owner to use the car, but questions still remain. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows It is easier than ever to access evidence of bad and dangerous driving, with thousands of UK drivers having dashcams to film themselves and others. Data from 42 police forces across the UK shows the number of video reports received via the National Dash Cam Safety Portal (NDCSP) has increased by 20 percent. The Portal is used by police forces to monitor dangerous driving offences, with the latest data showing it is on the rise. This is expected to continue throughout July and August, due to the improved weather conditions and more Britons going on holiday. DON'T MISSDriver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years [SHOCKING]'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate [INSIGHT]'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [WARNING] May and June also saw a rise in dashcam submissions, given the numerous bank holidays and more people on the road. Since the launch of the Portal in 2018, there have been more than 50,000 total uploads, with the West Midlands seeing the highest number of dangerous driving clips. On the Mersey Gateway, Inspector Anton Sullivan is in pursuit of a speeding driver. As he pulls the car over, he suspects there might be drugs in the vehicle and calls for assistance. Questions remain over whether the drug test will show the driver was speeding whilst under the influence. Transport Secretary and Conservative leadership candidate Grant Shapps unveiled plans in April to crack down on drug driving. As part of the plans, drug-drivers could be required to undertake rehabilitation courses before being allowed back behind the wheel. Mr Shapps said: “Drink-driving is now rightly seen as a social taboo by most of us in this country and we have worked hard to drive down drink-drive related deaths. “But if we are to make our roads safer still, there is no room to be lax on drug-driving, which is why I have launched this call for evidence today. “It’s only right that drug-drivers must undergo rehabilitation before getting back behind the wheel, helping protect the public from this hidden problem and stamping out drug-driving for good.” Motorway Cops: Catching Britain’s Speeders airs Mondays at 8pm on Channel 5.