Mr Farage criticised both Tory leadership candidates after they made it through the final round of MPs votes today to make it to the final two runout. He described Ms Truss’ delivery as “wooden and poor”, while he blasted Mr Sunak for representing a “big state, high tax, pro-China social democracy”. But, he added, he believes Ms Truss will “win the contest barring any huge scandals”, which he admitted was the better of the two options.    Speaking on GB News’ Farage, he said: “Some people tell me that Sunak is the best candidate or Truss is the best candidate. “I don’t think either are very good candidates but on balance I have to say Truss is the least worst if I can put it in those terms. “I don’t really know whether the Conservative philosophy that she speaks about is something she genuinely believes in. “But if I compare that to the levels of big state, high tax, pro-China social democracy that Rishi Sunak seems to represent, I would suggest the Conservative Party have a better chance with Liz Truss.”    He added: “And I think she’ll win anyway, I think amongst the membership she is going to win. “Whether she can win in the country will depend a lot on whether her delivery improves, at the moment it’s wooden, at the moment it’s poor. “I’m picking the winner, Liz Truss is going to win this contest barring any huge scandals about her that might emerge. “I think she’ll win, I think she is the least worst.” READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt reacts to her exit and the message is short after Tr... [REVEAL]   Ms Truss and Mr Sunak have been attacking each other throughout the leadership contest, with the former chancellor asking Ms Truss if she regretted more being a former Liberal Democrat or a Remainer during the last debate. Following the back and forth, both parties withdrew from a three-way debate with Penny Mordaunt after fears were voiced that, at least while the vote for the new leader was only open to MPs, the public slandering of one another was counterproductive. Now that the vote has been extended to the 200,000 Tory Party members, both candidates have agreed to further public debates. Both have signed up to an hour-long head to head on Sky to take place on August 4. DON'T MISS: My prediction is that Boris WILL make a comeback and here is how [OPINON] Boris Johnson's cheered out of Commons after rousing last speech [REPORT] Liz Truss blasted by family friend for Tory views: 'T***!' [REVEAL]   The debate will be hosted by broadcaster Kay Burley, who is known for direct approach when interviewing politicians. Mr Sunak wrote on twitter today that he was “looking forward to” the debate with Ms Truss. First the final two will participate in a BBC debate on Monday, as they spend the summer trying to win the backing of Tory members, who will ultimately hand them the keys to No 10. But there are still grave concerns that these debates risk bringing into question the electability of the Conservatives, especially when a general election could be on the horizon. READ NEXT: Mrs Thatcher's right-hand-man writes manifesto for BritainHave your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM?EU try to BULLY Britain over Brexit with next PMBy talking or walking Liz Truss will finish Brexit one way or anotherPMQs: Boris and Tory MPs mock 'pointless human bollard' Starmer  