The Umbrella Academy season three is on Netflix now and it is holding its place in the streaming platform's top 10. The TV series introduced The Sparrow Academy, made up of the Hargreeves siblings from an alternate timeline. There are a number of theories suggesting what happened to Sloane (played by Genesis Rodriguez). Sloane was introduced as a member of The Sparrow Academy who was able to defy gravity. She developed a crush on Luther (Tom Hopper) and their romance blossomed into a marriage. Unlike her siblings, Sloane was keen to explore the wider world outside the confines of the academy. In the penultimate episode, she experienced the shock of her life when Luther was killed by Reginald (Colm Feore). At the end of the series, Allison (Emmy Raver-Lampman) reset the universe to escape from the Kugelblitz. READ MORE: Britne Oldford: Who is the Umbrella Academy star behind Fei? This caused the gang to enter a new timeline, where Luther was still alive. While most of the characters returned safe and well, Sloane was nowhere to be seen. Sloane is still likely to exist but she may not be the same person Luther fell in love with. As there are two Bens (Justin H Min) in the new timeline, it's likely there are two Sloanes. As for where the original Sloane is, hitc.com suggested she may have been killed while being transferred to the new timeline. They said: "Don’t forget Allison made a deal with Reginald to help him carry out his plan to reset the universe and a potential condition of that shady deal could have been to secretly kill Sloane in the process." Allison may not have liked the fact her brother was befriending the 'enemy'. Still believing Sloane could be a threat to her siblings, Allison could have made a deal with Reginald to take her out of the picture. However, Screenrant suggested there is no reason why Reginald would want Sloane dead and not Ben. They argued: "If Reginald let the other kids survive and recover, there's no reason Sloane alone should be singled out for a death sentence. DON'T MISS... What is Christopher in The Umbrella Academy? [INSIGHT] Who is Jennifer in The Umbrella Academy and how is she linked to Ben? [DISCUSSION] Umbrella Academy season 4 theory: Klaus and Reginald team up [THEORY] "She's no threat to Reggie's regime without powers, and if Sloane's father sought to erase her in revenge for the Sparrows mistreating him, he'd have wiped out the much more dastardly Ben too. "Sloane must, therefore, be alive, landing in the new timeline somewhere other than Obsidian Park." This poses the question of where Sloane was taken to as she was not with the rest of the group. Reginald was not a fan of their marriage and he could still split them up. One fan took to Reddit to suggest Reginald was keeping Sloane in the tower where he was last seen. Improbable said: "Reginald told Luther he would take care of Sloane. "I’m guessing he’s keeping her in that skyscraper as either an only child or a prisoner/assistant." Reginald could condition Sloane into believing Luther never existed and she has always been alone. Fans will have to wait and see whether the series is renewed for season four to find out what really happened to Sloane.  The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are on Netflix now. 