Now, an equally brave theatre director is about to hit the road with a stage show of the musical. But Sean Holmes has had to work with THREE casts of pint-sized racketeers, conmen and glamour girls. Does he know what they say about working with children? Sean laughs. "Most of the time, I don't agree with that. But, just occasionally, when there are 21 kids in the room and they're all talking among themselves, you have a point," he says. "Seriously, after the two years we've all been through, it's really heart-warming fun working with young people and making a show. There's something enormously rewarding about releasing the talents of gifted children in this ideal vehicle. And there's a lot of joy in Bugsy." But he's keen to point out that while it may be joyful, it isn't cute. "It's based on gangster movies depicting survival in a tough world," Sean says. "What lifts the spirits are the songs about people wanting to escape or become a dancer or a star. It's about aspirations and dreams, in many ways a tonic for these troubled times." It's also about "splurge" guns and custard pies - as I know to my cost. To immerse myself in Bugsy's world, I was invited to the rehearsal rooms in Regent's Park, central London, to join the characters Fat Sam and Fizzy for some target practice… with me as the target. These seemingly sweet children were each handed plates of evil-looking, bright pink Angel Delight and took no cajoling whatever to splatter me all over. Photographer Adam had asked them to laugh fiendishly as they did so, a request which proved entirely superfluous as they went about their task with evident relish. Originally, Sean had asked the late director Alan Parker if they could borrow the "splurge" guns he'd had developed for the movie. Absolutely not, he was told. "When they'd tested the prototype on a six-foot crew member, apparently, it had knocked him halfway across the room. So, in the film, you see the kids firing the guns and separate footage of the victims covered in gunge. But they never shot at anyone because it would have been too painful," he explains. "After a lot of trial and error, we've opted for paintball guns firing a gooey mess made of Angel Delight. That way, we achieve velocity without pain. And Dandy Dan's gang are big on custard pies. For the movie, it was Alan Parker and an assistant throwing pies from behind the camera." Young Gabriel Payne, 13, is one of the three youngsters playing Bugsy, the "candycoated sinner" of the song, in this new production. Saucer-eyed, Gabriel who started drama classes aged four, is, well, angelic. A veteran of TV adverts for Asda and Sainsbury's, he's also acted in the West End productions of Les Miserables and Mary Poppins and has just appeared in the new Matilda movie. "But this is the best part I've ever had," he enthuses. "I've never had a title role before." His delight was a very different reaction to that of Scott Baio who played Bugsy on film. "I was 13," he's on record as saying, "and sick of show business, sick of all these auditions. So, when I went and auditioned for Alan, I threw the script at him and walked out. They'd already cast Bugsy, they said, but they liked my attitude." "My father was dead against it but my mother talked him into it. I'd never even been out of New York and now I was in England. I'm not sure I totally understood what it meant to play the lead: all I knew was that I had a lot of lines." "I was worried I'd have to sing but they used adult voices for those bits." Bugsy, both on film and stage, has launched a number of stellar careers. Catherine Zeta- Jones was in the 1983 West End production directed by Micky Dolenz (of The Monkees). Sheridan Smith, Jamie Bell and Andrew Garfield also cut their teeth in other versions of the show. Dominic Harrison, aka rock singer Yungblud, played Knuckles in Sean Holmes's 2015 production. And, of course, Jodie Foster never looked back. Fayth Ifil, 14, who looks as though she could eat young Gabriel for breakfast, is one of the three Tallulahs on tour. Another battle-scarred professional, she's appeared in School Of Rock and the Tina Turner musical in the West End. "Tallulah's a great part," she says. "She's really quite mean, which I like but then it's more fun playing a baddie than a goodie." Now Fayth's only dilemma is whether she'll end up being a singer or an actress. "I haven't yet made up my mind," says the seasoned performer. Young Aidan Oti is still only 10 but seems to have taken to his role of Fizzy like a duck to the proverbial. He was on tour with Bedknobs And Broomsticks, when he auditioned and got the part. Fizzy was aided and abetted in splurging me by Albie Snelson. He plays Fat Sam in Bugsy (John Cassisi on film) and it is, he says, "the most fun part I've ever had. Yes, he's a gangster.. but he's misunderstood. I like to think the audience is on his side." Albie, 13, is from a family steeped in the world of entertainment and has already had some experience under his belt including a role in a John Lewis advert. When he's older, he wants to pursue acting as a career. "But I also like writing." Perhaps he could write a meaty role for himself? "Good idea!" he says. Bugsy Malone made an equally strong impression on Sean when he was a lad of 10 or 11 in the late 70s. "Me and my friends didn't have many video tapes so we'd watch it over and over," he recalls. From 2009 to 2018, he ran the well-regarded Lyric Hammersmith theatre. "When I arrived, a rock musical, Spring Awakening, had just opened and had gone down very well," he says. "It won four Olivier Awards and transferred to the West End. So, the team and I fell to discussing what other musicals we might consider staging there. Someone suggested Bugsy, ideal for the Lyric with its focus on young people." The film had been written and directed by the late Alan Parker who protected it fiercely. There'd been one or two-stage productions which he hadn't liked and, at the point, Sean approached him, he hadn't let anyone do it for around 15 years. "But I was lucky, he agreed to meet me. I was a huge fan of his movies - Midnight Express, Fame, Mississippi Burning. "We went to the pub and I like to think he responded to my enthusiasm for the film and my vision for the proposed stage production."