The Queen and her sister Princess Margaret were educated within palace walls by their governess, Marion Crawford, who was known to the Royal Family as "Crawfie". But when the time came to sort out education for Prince Charles, the heir apparent was sent to boarding school, and his brothers Prince Andrew and Prince Edward would later follow in his footsteps.  After receiving his early education at Hill House School in London and Cheam School in Berkshire, Prince Charles attended the prestigious Scottish boarding school, Gordonstoun. Located in Moray, the school was founded by German educator Kurt Hahn, who was born to Jewish parents and left Germany in the 1930s as Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party came to power. Gordonstoun School is famed for its rigorous academic and sporting curriculum, and students are encouraged to spend much of their time outdoors.  READ MORE: Queen refused Meghan and Harry's Lilibet photo plea due to health woes Charles' experience at Gordonstoun has been the subject of speculation, and depictions in TV dramas like Netflix's The Crown have portrayed Charles as unhappy while in attendance. But Charles told the House of Lords in the 1970s: "I am always astonished by the amount of rot talked about Gordonstoun and the careless use of ancient clichés used to describe it." Current Gordonstoun principal Lisa Kerr told Reuters earlier this year: "For everybody at Gordonstoun, it's a huge sense of pride to have been the first school to educate an heir to the British throne. "What's more powerful for us is knowing that many of the attributes which Prince Charles takes forward as monarch were developed here at Gordonstoun."   Three generations of the Royal Family attended Gordonstoun School, including the late Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Philip sent Prince Charles, and later his younger sons Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, to the school, but Princess Anne did not attend as at the time the school was boys-only. However, Princess Anne did send her two children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry warned 'the Firm wins' if new Oprah chat goes ahead [ANALYSIS]Where is Ray Mill House? A look at Camilla's beloved post-divorce home [PICTURES]Prince Charles: The 3 poignant royal anniversaries for 'Grandpa Wales' [INSIGHT] Gordonstoun has educated several aristocrats including Norton Knatchbull, 3rd Earl Mountbatten of Burma, and Lord Ivar Mountbatten. Other famous attendees included Balthazar Getty, a member of the famous oil family, and Duncan Jones, the film director formerly known as Zowie Bowie and son of musician David Bowie. Jason Connery, actor and son of James Bond actor Sean Connery, also attended the school, as did Olympic gold medallist rower Heather Stanning. Conservative MP Caroline Johnson and Stuart Agnew, former UKIP MEP, are also alumni. 