Former Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley has called out Bruno Fernandes for his comments claiming that Manchester United needed the discipline that new boss Erik ten Hag has brought to the club. The Dutch coach has reportedly instilled several new rules at the United training ground that the players must adhere to, which Fernandes is in favour of. Ten Hag’s new strict rules, according to the Mirror, include being dropped if players are late to training or team meetings, no drinking alcohol during gameweeks, personal chefs are banned, players’ BMI is checked monthly and all complaints should be directed to Ten Hag rather than agents. Fernandes has claimed that the new regulations are necessary and he won’t have any problems adhering to them. “I think we missed that for a while,” Fernandes said. “I think, for me, the way I see discipline is important. For me, discipline is not only the way you play on the pitch, the position that you have, what you have to do, it's also off the pitch – don't be late for the meetings, don't be late for the meals. "I think that's really important because if everyone is on time and someone comes late, he should be punished and I think that's really good that he's doing that and for me amazing, because I like to be on time, so I won't have problems with that." JUST IN: Man Utd snubbed for Arsenal in Tielemans debate as timeline set However, Burley has claimed that Fernandes’ comments are hypocritical after the Portuguese midfielder previously supported Ole Gunnar Solskjaer publicly before the Norwegian was sacked by United. “That’s a really interesting comment,” Burley told ESPN. “Because that’s the same guy when Manchester United were walloped at Vicarage Road by Watford and the Man United fans behind the goal were booing and hissing and chanting. “He went over, and it was Solskjaer’s last game, he was the guy who went over to the fans and said ‘Don’t blame the manager, blame us’, so according to him at the time, what Solskjaer was doing at the time was correct? All of a sudden the new manager is in, what Solskjaer was doing wasn’t correct. Rather hypocritical.” DON'T MISS...Solskjaer ‘had two issues with Martial’ before Man Utd sackingBarcelona ‘hold De Jong meeting’ as Man Utd and Chelsea eye transferErik ten Hag caught screaming 'f***ing rubbish' at Zidane Iqbal After a 4-1 defeat away to Watford in November, which was the former United striker’s final game in charge, Fernandes leapt to the coach’s defence and claimed it was the players’ fault for their poor performances. “It's everyone's fault,” Fernandes told beIN Sports. “It's not the coach, it's not one player or two, it's everyone. Everyone has to take responsibility, everyone has to do better. “In the first half, it was too sloppy from everyone. We don't go on the front foot, we don't tackle, we don't win our duels and against these teams you have to win that. You have to keep the same intensity and show why you play for Manchester United.”