Taylor Sheridan’s hit Paramount Network drama may have smashed ratings records with its incredible fourth season, but the series has still somehow failed to impress the Emmy voters. Yellowstone fans have now taken to the web calling for justice for John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and his family. Yellowstone has failed to receive any on-screen Emmy nominations for its fourth season running. Despite becoming one of the biggest primetime US drama series in the US, the modern Western has yet to catch the attention of the major television awards. The latest season smashed ratings records for the Paramount Network, and was also followed by an equally popular prequel series 1883. Yellowstone’s spin-off managed to pick up three nods, though none in any of the major categories. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Sadly, writer Taylor and the show’s cast, including Kevin, Kelly Reilly and Cole Hauser, were left out of the conversation when the nominations were released on Tuesday. Twitter user @Employment_Atty demanded: “How is it possible that Yellowstone didn’t make the cut for the Emmy nominations? “I am thrilled Squid Game made the shortlist, but nothing says their process is flawed more than overlooking the entire Dutton family.” Lucy Dufty tweeted: “Cannot believe there weren’t any Emmy nominations for @Yellowstone.” “It’s the best show on TV. It’s so well written and all the actors are awesome. So disappointing.” @Gr3GGY_FR3SH wrote: “[Kelly Reilly] was completely ROBBED of her Emmy nom. Beth Dutton is the baddest b***h of this decade.” Look, I know there are way more important matters right now, but can someone please explain to me how Yellowstone got COMPLETELY shut out of the @TelevisionAcad Emmy Nominations?” Marty Bannister asked. “It's pretty obvious you don't wrong anyone on that ranch, right?” DON'T MISS:Susanna Reid announces break from Good Morning Britain [LATEST]Outlander fans furious as stars snubbed by Emmys [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealed [THEORY] @kidrauhlsghost fumed: “I'm very upset that #Yellowstone didn't get any Emmy nominations. F**k the Emmys!!” “Yellowstone being shut out of the Emmys is some b******t,” @Justducky175 said. “Both Kevin Costner and Kelly Reilly deserved to be nominated.” (sic) Although lead star Kevin has picked up two Oscars and several other major awards over the course of his career, he still hasn’t had luck for his venture on the small screen. Meanwhile, co-stars Kelly and Cole have remained strong favourites for the series for their portrayals of Beth Dutton and Rip Wheeler. In the latest season, the on-off couple finally decided to tie the knot, whilst Beth handled problems with her brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) and Rip sorted some disputes in the bunkhouse. The cast is currently working on the highly anticipated fifth season of Yellowstone, which will pick up with the ranch’s long-running feud with Market Equities. Hopefully, the series’ growing audience could lead to some better luck at the Emmys next time round. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 11 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK.