Losing a stone in weight might sound difficult but time and time again celebrities have proved it can be done in a safe and controlled way. Gone are the fad diets that are unsustainable in the long-run, as experts have stated weight loss can be achieved by just focusing on what people are putting in their bodies. And that's exactly what EastEnders actress Lorraine Stanley did. The TV star, who plays Karen Taylor in the BBC soap, lost 12lbs in just six weeks. She did this by changing her eating habits. Lorraine explained she cut out treats, such as crisps and chocolates. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She also limited her intake of carbs, which are notorious for weight gain. The star told Carol Voderman on ITV's Lorraine: "I've lost 12lbs in six weeks. "My mate Louisa is my fitness guru, I've got her to thank for it. "She talks about nutrition." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Lorraine revealed she consumes a lot of protein to help her shift the pounds. "I've eaten a lot of boiled eggs, fish, chicken," she said. "No carbs, no crisps and chocolate." But while the journey was a challenge, the actress admitted: "I'm enjoying it and I feel better for it." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim According to Healthline, protein is "the single most important nutrient" for weight loss and muscle growth. It boosts metabolism, reduces appetite and changes several weight-regulating hormones, helping people lose weight and belly fat. One study found that a high protein intake can help people burn 80-100 more calories per day, giving them a metabolic advantage over diets that are lower in protein. They also have an appetite advantage, making it easier to cut calories because foods high in protein can reduce hunger. If people are looking to up their protein intake, the following food are high in protein: Lean meats – beef, lamb, veal, pork, kangaroo Poultry – chicken, turkey, duck, emu, goose, bush birds Fish and seafood – fish, prawns, crab, lobster, mussels, oysters, scallops, clams Eggs Dairy products – milk, Greek yoghurt, cottage cheese