Astrologists at Starsignstyle explained "a natal chart or birth chart is produced for a place when it’s founded or established, for instance, Great Britain’s ‘birthday’ is December 25, 1066, so it’s Capricorn". Therefore, there are cities and countries more suitable than others for each zodiac sign. Which one is yours? The countries that are ruled by Aries include Palestine, England, Hong Kong, Germany, Poland, Syria, Israel, Lithuania, Senegal, Sierra Leone and Zimbabwe. The most suitable cities for Aries are Birmingham, Cape Town, Leicester, Florence, Krakow, Naples, Utrecht, Marseilles and Georgia. Taurus's most suitable countries to live in include Cyprus, Tasmania, Ireland, Capri, Rhodes, the Greek Islands, Cuba, East Timor, Serbia, Tanzania, South Africa and Yemen. In terms of cities, the best matches are Lucerne, Eastbound, Eastbourne, Hastings, Palermo, Leipzig, St Louis and Dublin. Countries that are ruled by Gemini include Iceland, Sardinia, Morocco, Belgium, Wales, Eritrea, Guyana, Kuwait, Norway, Montenegro, Sweden and Tonga. The best cities for a Gemini are: Nuremberg, Tripoli, San Francisco, London (pictured), Melbourne, Plymouth and Cardiff. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack Cancer's best choice of countries are the USA, Paraguay, Scotland, Algeria, Holland, the Bahamas Bahrain Belize, Burundi, Cape Verde, Columbia, Comoros, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Croatia Djibouti, Kiribati Laos, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi Mozambique, Rwanda, Slovenia Solomon Islands, Somalia and South Korea. Cities that are ruled by Cancer include Manchester, San Francisco, Stockholm, Tokyo, Venice, York, Amsterdam and Milan. The nations that match better with Leo's personality include Afghanistan, India, Italy, Macedonia, Romania, Sicily, Ecuador, Zanzibar, Bhutan, Bolivia, Central African Republic Chad, The Ivory Coast, Gabon, Indonesia, North Korea, South Korea, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Maldives, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Mongolia, Seychelles, Singapore, Ukraine and Madagascar. Cities that are ruled by Leo include Bristol, Bombay, Chicago, Madrid, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Rome and Bath.  Virgos' natal chart indicates those born under the sign will be happier in Brazil, Switzerland, the Ukraine, Uruguay, West Indies, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Brazil, Costa Rica, El Salvador Estonia Guatemala, Honduras, Mali, Moldova, Qatar and Tajikistan. Cities that are ruled by Virgo include Los Angeles, Toulouse, Corinth, Lyons, Boston and Mexico City. Libra's best match of countries are France, Tibet, Argentina, Austria, Burma, Canada, China, Japan, Siberia, Botswana, Equatorial Guinea, Fiji, Iraq, Israel, Lesotho, Nigeria, Palau, Saint Lucia, Saudi Arabia, Tuvalu and Uganda. The best cities for a Libra include Lisbon, Frankfurt, Paris, Copenhagen, Johannesburg, Nottingham and Antwerp. READ MORE: John McEnroe net worth: How much tennis ace earns from the BBC Scorpio's most suitable countries include Angola, Morocco, Queensland, Korea, Syria, Norway, the Transvaal, Bavaria, Antigua, Barbuda, Cambodia, Dominica, Latvia, Lebanon, Micronesia, Panama, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Zambia. In terms of cities, these are Cincinnati, Liverpool, Newcastle, Washington DC, Vienna (pictured), Baltimore and New Orleans. Countries that are ruled by Sagittarius include Spain, Australia, Chile, Hungary, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Barbados, Cameroon, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Libya and Mauritania. The best cities for a Sagittarius include Budapest, Johannesburg, Naples, Nottingham, Sheffield, Sunderland, Stuttgart and Toronto. For a Capricorn, the best places to live in are: India Bulgaria, Mexico, Great Britain, the United Kingdom, Albania, Afghanistan, Lithuania, Bosnia, Brunei, Czech Republic, Haiti, Nauru, Slovakia and Sudan. Most suitable cities for a Capricorn include Brandenburg, Brussel, Delhi, Mexico City, Port Said, Oxford and Ghent. Countries that are ruled by Aquarius include Iran, Finland, New Zealand, Russia, Sweden, Syria, Ethiopia, The Holy Vatican City and Sri Lanka. Aquarius' best cities to live in are Brighton, Hamburg, Helsinki, Moscow, Salzburg, St. Petersburg, and Bremen. Finally, for Pisces, the natal chart says countries such as Normandy, North Africa, Tunisia, Portugal, Samoa, Egypt, Scandinavia, Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia and Tunisia are the best matches with their personality. Cities that are ruled by Pisces include Boston, Rio de Janeiro, Jerusalem, Bournemouth, Seville, Warsaw, Alexandria, Grimsby and Cowes.