Gregg Wallace has lost a lot of weight over the past few years. The 57-year-old who presents MasterChef and BBC’s Eat Well for Less? ditched fast food, embraced home cooking, drank less alcohol and exercised regularly. As a result, he has lost 4.5 stone. The TV presenter has since shared his “simple weight loss secrets”. Gregg, who is 5ft 8in, weighed 16st 7lb, and explained he was “overweight and wasn’t happy”. Initially, the TV star wanted to lose weight to “look better on the telly”. With little understanding of nutrition, Gregg tried “everything”, from “fasting, no carbs, low fat” and several other restrictive diets. He admitted that these fad diets resulted in short-term weight loss, but said it was “really uncomfortable” and he was “horribly hungry and miserable all the time”. READ MORE: Michael Mosley’s clever hack ‘to prevent cravings’ & stop snacking “I learnt that it’s far better to wean yourself off [a bad] diet slowly and cook proper, healthy meals, as you are far more likely to succeed and enjoy the change,” he commented. Healthy and balanced home-cooked meals, alongside regular exercise, meant Gregg lost a whopping 4.5st and proudly displays his six-pack. He removed snacks, alcohol and takeaways from his diet and swapped them with “three large, filling, healthy, balanced meals every day”. As a result, “the weight came off”. DON'T MISS...Kate and William almost gave Prince George a different first name [INSIDER]Property experts share feature that ‘add thousands to house value’ [COMMENT]How to refresh 2-week-old wrinkly vegetables with simple food hack [GUIDE] Now, Gregg’s mindset and motivation have changed from wanting to simply look good for the public to “how fit can I actually get? Can I actually have the body of a 20-year-old at 60?” Gregg is indeed on a mission to get a fit body and loves showing off his hard work. Some people have told him “not to share topless pictures” but Gregg thought “sod it, I’m going to do it”. He told The Sun it is “good to celebrate success” especially when “you have improved your health so dramatically”. READ MORE: Menopause: Top foods to 'dramatically' improve health and shed fat His six-pack pictures have “inspired” others to get fit and healthy. Gregg also set up the fitness brand, Show Me Fit to help others lose weight. During an Instagram live earlier this morning, the TV star asked members and social media followers to “use Monday morning as a time for reflection”. “How was your weekend?” He asked. “It’s ok to be indulgent - was it over indulgent and what lessons can you learn from it? “I know for a fact, that we can be really good during the week, then think we can blow out at the weekend, and that can very easily ruin the work you’ve done during the week. “That was true of me when I started to lose weight.” Gregg had a solution: “All you’ve got to do is change habits. That fun [over indulging] can cost you your health, can keep you overweight and unhappy. You have to change.” He also recommends weighing yourself if you want to lose weight. “If you’re not happy with your shape and size, you need to weigh yourself so you know you’ve lost weight,” he said.