While giving his Sunday Sermon on TalkTV, Brexiteer and former leader of Reform UK Richard Tice noted how a second Scottish independence referendum would have far-reaching consequences for the other UK nations than Brexit itself. Due to its 300-year symbiotic relationship with the UK, Scotland could profoundly damage the rest of the UK, should it move ahead with IndyRef2 and become independent. Speaking to TalkTV viewers, Richard Tice said: "There are all sorts of discussions about whether or not it’s right to have a referendum and what the Scots may vote. And I’m thinking, well, hang on, folks. There are another 62 million people in the United Kingdom. And we’ve all been together for a while, in fact, over 300 years. "And there’s not enough chat about what’s the impact on the rest of us – of Scotland bailing out. Because let me tell you, that impact would make Brexit look like a walk in the park. "It really, really would because over 300 years, we’ve become so intertwined. Drawing an analogy between the UK and a human body, Mr Tice said: "Every sinew, if you imagine a human body, it’s like all the muscles that go everywhere: the sinews, the veins, the vessels, the muscles, the bones going through the body." "If you chop off a limb of that body, it’s going to hurt the limb," Richard Tice said. "But it’s also crucially going to hurt the rest of the body. And that’s how we should look at this for the whole issue of Scottish independence. "And it seems to me that we should perhaps take a lesson out of those who wanted a second vote after the negotiations of the withdrawal agreement. You remember those folks, the people of 'The People’s Vote' crowd who said: 'well, we didn’t what we were voting for. So having negotiated the withdrawal agreement, then, let’s have another vote, shall we?' "So, surely the lesson to learn from this is let’s negotiate the withdrawal agreement of Scotland from the rest of the United Kingdom before the vote. And then everyone knows what they’re voting for without any doubt whatsoever." READ MORE: IDS slams elites for ‘locking to Europe’ in plan to slash red tape During the 2016 Brexit referendum, former Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron put the UK membership to the EU to the British people – without detailing what Brexit would entail in practice. Though the referendum was legally non-binding, Mr Cameron resigned following the leave vote result and the two subsequent Prime Ministers, Theresa May and Boris Johnson, promised to implement the result. Eventually, Boris Johnson did despite several persisting issues like the Northern Ireland conundrum and the repeated delays in checks on EU goods. Now, Nicola Sturgeon is pressing ahead with a second Scottish independence referendum of which she has not given the exact details. If she succeeds in delivering on her promise, a number of issues will have to be sorted out such as a potential trade border between Scotland and England and the currency Scotland would adopt if it were to join the EU. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Germany & Ireland rage as Truss plot set for debate [LIVE]Brexit: China taunts UK over hated Bill as EU exit legacy damaged [ANALYSIS]'No other PM would have done this!' Boris blasted over Brexit [REPORT] For now, though, Nicola Sturgeon faces a legal challenge in the UK Supreme Court, which she has asked to provide a legal ruling on Indyref2. If the Supreme Court cannot greenlight the referendum, the First Minister would have no alternative but to ask for Westminster’s consent. So far, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has rejected such calls on the grounds that Nicola Sturgeon and former First Minister Alex Salmond promised the 2014 referendum was a "once in a generation vote." READ NEXT:Brexit POLL: Should Boris plunge UK into new European 'empire'?Norway to help ease UK energy crisis and vows to 'send more gas''No chance of trade deal' Brown warns as Britain at 'war with US'Andrew Neil unveils new Tony Blair plot to reverse BrexitGina Miller erupts at EU's refusal to use Brexit safeguard