Arsenal lost to Brentford in a friendly at the club's London Colney training ground on Wednesday. Eddie Nketiah scored for the Gunners but it was not enough to prevent their winning run in pre-season coming to an end. Mikel Arteta's side had won all five of their friendly matches before Wednesday's encounter against the Bees. All goals were scored in the first half of the match, as a mixture of first-team squad players and academy players featured for the hosts. Bryan Mbeumo opened the scoring for Brentford, beating summer signing Matt Turner in the Arsenal goal. Nketiah scored the equaliser after good work from Reiss Nelson and Ainsley Maitland-Niles. But Thomas Frank's side scored what would turn out to be the winner just before half-time as youngster Ryan Trevitt shot past Turner. Arteta gave a first full 90 minutes to Brazilian winger Marquinhos, who was the club's first signing of the summer. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  The 19-year-old went close to scoring on a couple of occasions. Cedric Soares and Rob Holding played the full match in defence, with Nuno Tavares coming off in the 76th minute. The midfield was made up of Mohamed Elneny, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Maitland-Niles, with the latter the only one of the trio to be substituted. Reiss Nelson was replaced late on but Nketiah remained on for the entirety. Brentford gave an outing to summer signing Thomas Strakosha in goal, while Rico Henry, Frank Onyeka and Saman Ghoddos also featured. Arsenal had a perfect pre-season up until the defeat. They beat Ipswich in a behind-closed-doors friendly before overcoming FC Nurnberg 5-3 in Germany. They then travelled for their tour of the USA, beating Everton, Orlando City and Chelsea. DON'T MISSEriksen 'scores on Man Utd debut' as Martinez makes bow in friendlyArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twist  The Chelsea result was the most emphatic, as the Gunners beat Thomas Tuchel's side 4-0. But after the match, Arteta emphasised that it was only a friendly and there was plenty of work left to do. He said: "Yes [fans should be excited], but it was a friendly match. As you could see there are a lot of positives to take from the game. "The way we played, the intensity we showed, the way we were trying to show who we are as a team. But at the same time, it’s just a test match. "Don’t get carried away. There are still a lot of things that we have to get better at, and do better." 