New research from abrdn’s Personal Wealth Business has found that when it comes to funding retirement, one in five (20 percent) of those retiring this year plan to use their state pension as their main source of income. This is despite the fact that the state pension’s annual increase is currently running below inflation, meaning its value in real terms is declining at a time when recipients are struggling with a cost-of-living crisis. For someone retiring on the full new state pension of £185.15 per week, the purchasing power of this money will be less. The stark reality is that this may not be enough for some people and they could be pushed into poverty if they do not plan ahead. In its second ‘Class of’ report, surveying 2,000 recent and future retirees, abrdn revealed a worrying lack of preparedness. Some 66 percent of new retirees are continuing to work in retirement in some form, with almost a quarter of those planning to continue working and stay where they are with little choice due to the cost of living crisis. Paul Titterton, a digital retirement advice expert at abrdn, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about the data and how Britons can prepare themselves for the future. He said: “It’s worrying enough that one in five people are intending to rely solely on the state pension to fund their retirement, but this is happening at a time of high inflation and the cost of living crisis, meaning we are likely to see a growing retirement poverty gap. READ MORE: State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' as National Insurance threshold rises “You’ll also need to factor in things like inflation – something that all of us will currently be more aware of than ever. Making sure that your retirement savings can keep pace with inflation will help reduce the risk of you facing a ‘real-term’ loss in value in the future. “Put simply, if your savings aren’t growing at the same rate as inflation, each pound gradually buys less and less over time, meaning you may not be able to do as much as you’d planned with your money. “A financial adviser can again help to mitigate the impact of inflation. They can help weigh up the types of savings and investment products that are available to you, which could give your money a chance at staying level with, or even outpacing inflation. They can also recommend options that align with your retirement goals, and your appetite for risk. “A final element to keep in mind is tax. If you have a pension, you will be able to take up to 25 percent of this tax-free. However, it’s essential to remember that the rest of your pension income will be subject to income tax – and you may need to pay capital gains tax on any shares or funds outside of your pension or ISAs. “Planning the order in which you use your investments and savings can affect the tax you pay and a financial adviser can help you review your specific circumstances to ensure you’re not paying more than you have to, maximising the amount that you have available.” The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association sets out several types of lifestyles and how much it would cost retirees each year to fulfil that living standard. According to this, the minimum income needed on top of the state pension per year to cover all basic needs and expenses is £1,272. However, for someone aiming to enjoy a moderate retirement with more financial security and flexibility they will need an extra £11,172 of income on top of their full state pension each year. Abrdn’s financial experts calculate that to have the required extra for the moderate lifestyle consumers will need a pension pot of at least £326,000 to retire at 67 years old. This will allow for a moderate lifestyle including two weeks in Europe and a long weekend in the UK every year – people could also replace their three-year-old car every 10 years. That amount jumps to £454,000 for those wanting to retire at 60 years old, or £540,000 if they wish to retire from the moment they can access their personal pension at 55 years old and have their pension pot last throughout retirement.Retirement specialists at abrdn believe it’s never too late or too early to start planning. Mr Titterton concluded: “A professional adviser can help alleviate worries and concerns and explore all the options consumers might have, to achieve their desired retirement. “We would urge those close to or recently retired to consider seeking financial advice to help better understand and review their income and spending as well as seeking guidance on how to make their income as tax efficient as possible.”