Lewis Hamilton has hit back at his race engineers over track limits rules in an angry radio message during the Austrian Grand Prix. The Mercedes star shouted at new race engineer Marcus Dudley after being told he had a lap deleted for a track limit violation. Dudley said to Hamilton: "We've had a lap deleted." Blasting back over his radio, Hamilton screamed: “When?! I didn't go off." The seven-time champion is not the only one to struggle with track limits over the course of the Grand Prix. Hamilton received another track limits warning later on in the race, but snapped back instantly at the decision. He said: "That’s BS. I didn't go wide." Dudley replied: "A-firm, we will have a look Lewis." Hamilton responded: "Are other people getting it? There’s loads of people going off." Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc have also been hit with track limits warnings while Sergio Perez was handed an official warning from the FIA. Pierre Gasly and Lando Norris have also been handed a five-second time penalty after being deemed to have left the track and gained an advantage. READ MORE: ​​Lewis Hamilton 'disgusted' as F1 release statement on fan abuse   Carlos Sainz was then issued a warning for track limits rules, followed by Zhou Guanyu. Hamilton suffered a horror start to the weekend after a crash in Q3 put him in the midfield for yesterday's sprint race. He was also involved in a squabble with Gasly on the opening lap yesterday but has since recovered well today. The Mercedes driver suffered a slow pit stop moments after his track limits warning but still found himself fourth. Hamilton and team-mate George Russell were satisfied with the Mercedes pace on Friday. The team suggested they could have challenged for the top three on pure pace if they had not suffered their crashes in qualifying. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo agrees with Lewis Hamilton about fans who cheered [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'not fighter he was' – Bernie Ecclestone [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton reacts to opening lap collision in Austrian sprint race [ANALYSIS] But, both seemed to have lost pace in yesterday’ sprint race with Russell unable to close the gap to the frontrunners. Andrew Shovlin, Mercedes trackside engineering director, admitted the team were “missing a  bit of pace”. Toto Wolff was also annoyed at the lack of pace on Saturday despite optimism the team had started to bridge the gap to Red Bull and Ferrari. He explained: “"After such an incredible effort from the mechanics to get the cars built and able to race, that was a bit of a disappointing performance in speed terms. We failed to show our usual improvement in race pace versus single lap performance, like at other events this year." 