The world doesn't stop for Westminster. So Westminster must continue to deliver for the world. With war raging on our continent for the first time in a generation, it is more important than ever that we stand at Ukraine's side. As we have been there during the opening phase of this brutal invasion, the UK will take a leading role in reconstructing the homes and communities for the people of Ukraine.Tomorrow, I will fly to Poland to convene businesses from across the UK, together with those from Eastern Europe, to discuss how the endless ingenuity of British business can best be deployed in delivering this vital mission. Our commitment is steadfast, and it needs to be. Because this conflict and the consequences of it, will last for years.We need a strong leader who is bold in standing up for our freedoms and those of our international allies. A leader who understands the perils of war and knows how to rebuild from them. And that person is Tom Tugendhat. Tom served for more than a decade in the UK military and knows first-hand the impact conflicts can have on a country and the rest of the world. He set up the first civilian government in Helmand province in Afghanistan. And after serving in combat during the invasion, he played a vital role in Iraq's reconstruction. As the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee, every day he scrutinises and challenges theWhitehall machine to get the best out of our Government. Tom's wealth of experience will shape our outlook on the world stage and at home.  During these turbulent times, we need a military-style effort to grip the issues we face. The costof-living crisis affects us all.We need a broad coalition of people that will bring energy and focus that can mobilise the whole of government to address this crisis. I am backing him for four reasons: his ambition for the future of the UK, his bravery in making the difficult decisions needed over the next few years, his commitment to offer genuine change that is wanted by the Conservative Party and the public, and his drive to deliver for every person in this country. Tom has the passion for his country, the conviction for change and the willpower to fight for what is best for our people. Our actions must serve your interests.Tom has served before - in the military and in Parliament - and now is his time to serve as our leader. 