Boris Johnson was forced to resign this week after a flurry of high-profile members of his cabinet quit. Despite the exodus of support from MPs, Mr Johnson still enjoys ample support among grassroots voters, according to Sky News' Katerina Vittozzi. GB News' Alastair Stewart discussed this strong support on his programme on Saturday, pointing out that many voters wanted Mr Johnson to run again. Mr Stewart told Tory backbencher Steve Baker that many voters were pledging to write-in Mr Johnson, prompting a "real crisis" for Tory MPs. He said: "You know, because you follow your Twitter feed, that voters, they even want to write Boris Johnson in as a third option when the 1922 Committee have narrowed it down to two candidates. "That is a real crisis for the Conservative Party, isn't it?" Mr Baker said he understood people's frustration over the resignation. JUST IN: Jacob Rees-Mogg warns against leadership election 'stitch-up'  He said: "Boris Johnson has an earnest love for this country and people. People know it's there, and that's why they love him. "The problem is, it's over. I know people are terribly upset and bitter, and I've been called all the names under the sun. "But we have to face the reality, if he wasn't going he couldn't form a government." This comes after a spokesperson for Boris Johnson even had to deny reports that he is planning to stand down as Prime Minister on Monday in order to run again for Tory leader.  Mr Johnson resigned as leader of the Conservative Party on Thursday but said he intends to remain in office until his successor is elected. The reports emerged when journalist Petronella Wyatt, who had an affair with Mr Johnson when they both worked at the Spectator magazine, tweeted that the PM may attempt to stay in Downing Street. She said: "A source at Number 10 tells me that Boris Johnson intends to stand down as Prime Minister on Monday, in order to run for the Tory leadership." DON'T MISS: Putin's dire tactics exposed as huge 15 tank Russian convoy ambushed [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU most [LIVE BLOG]Rishi Sunak faces huge backlash as announcement video 'backfires' [REACTION]  No10 later confirmed these claims were "completely untrue". Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg has compared the ousting of Mr Johnson to the slaying of Julius Caesar and predicted that “those who betrayed Boris will now seek to neuter Brexit.” Several Red Wall voters who cast their ballot for Mr Johnson echoed this anger and were furious at the ousting. One member of the electorate, Dave from Bolton, told Sky News: “I just think it’s disgraceful that the man that we voted in, the Conservatives voted in the north of England voted in, the Red Wall voted in, lots of first-time voters, lots of people who usually vote Labour - and now he's been taken away from us. “The general public haven't had the chance to have their say, say how they feel. “We knew what we were getting when we voted for Boris.” READ MORE: 'Tugendhat has the strength to lead us out of turbulent times'Fiery Brexit clash on GB News as PM's resignation sparks questionBrexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU mostBoris Johnson mulls over political future at Chequers after PM toppledBiden handed humiliating blow as Johnson leading in Ukraine help 