Boris Johnson delivered his bombshell resignation speech outside Number 10 as his wife Carrie Johnson watched on while holding the couple's baby Romy. Their seven-month-old daughter and her mum were stood among the Tory leader’s close aides as he stood on the podium in Downing Street. It marks the first time the Johnsons’ second child’s face has been seen in public, with pictures previously being taken from behind. During Boris' resignation speech, the PM said he wanted the public to know "how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world – but them’s the breaks". Former This Morning presenter Fern Britton took aim at the ex-Conservative leader ahead of his resignation. Taking to the micro-blogging site yesterday, the ex-daytime presenter claimed he was clinging to power. READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers  In view of her 115,00 followers, she tweeted: "Mr Johnson hanging on like a toy boy to his wealthy benefactress, whilst swearing blind he was the best thing that ever happened to her…. Dignity dear boy, dignity." Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as they reacted to Fern's remarks. Twitter user, @queak wrote: "It’s embarrassing I would have more respect for him if he left #knowwhentoletgo." @62jovi remarked: "That’s the best laugh I've had today Fern." While @PatMasterman added: "Doesn't know what dignity is." Her post comes just hours before the Prime Minister announced his resignation outside Downing Street today. Since Tuesday 59 members of his government have left, as anger mounts over his handling of the Chris Pincher misconduct allegations. During his speech, Mr Johnson appeared upbeat as he confirmed his departure from office – despite a very turbulent few days which saw a mass exodus of ministers. DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up[LATEST]Macy Gray slams 'insensitive' threats amid backlash over trans views[ADMISSION]Piers Morgan sparks divide as Boris refuses to resign just yet[POLITICS] Acknowledging the sacrifices his wife has had to make during his time in office, he said: "I want to thank Carrie and my children and all my family, who have put up with so much for so long." Carrie watched on as she cradled the couple's youngest child in a grey Baby Bjorn sling which is reportedly worth £120. The little one, who wore a yellow bow in her hair and strawberry-print socks this afternoon, has been seen only rarely since she arrived on December 9. Critics took to social media and slammed Carrie for bringing the baby to Number 10 as Mr Johnson addressed the nation. Commentator Dawn Neesom wrote: "A resignation speech that doesn't actually say he's resigning. And Carrie going for the sympathy vote with the baby." @IckieBicke fumed: "There was no need to bring the baby out and I’m talking about the one strapped to Carrie." @Kelechnekoff tweeted: "They could’ve found Carrie a baby thingy that complemented the dress the desperation had them strapping that baby onto her anyhow." @NessaDex commented: "No way did Carrie bring the baby out for Boris’ resignation." @haaniyah remarked: "Carrie brought out the baby for sympathy." Meanwhile, Mr Johnson will remain Prime Minister until a replacement has been put in place but he has officially stepped down as leader of the Conservative Party. 