Royal editor Rebecca English has expressed how she "feels sorry" for the Queen ahead of Prince Harry's memoir. The Duke of Sussex will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. Harry said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms English said: "The New York Post has been saying this week that Netflix is putting pressure on them to come out with this docuseries by the end of the year to tie in with Harry's memoirs which are due to be published before the year is out. "They obviously want their pound of flesh and will want to film as much up-to-the-minute footage as they can. "I just feel sorry for the Queen in all of this. "She’s 96 years old she’s on her own now, she’s lost her husband. Her health is not what it was. I don’t want to put the frighteners on anyone, but we have seen it decline a lot in the last six months. READ MORE: Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row "I just think all of this is the last thing she needs, quite frankly. It comes as royal author Angela Levin predicted that he could discuss family rows or royal security. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Levin said: "It's washing dirty linen in public and it can be small things. "He's supposed to be getting about £13million. "They want a story and they won't want how lovely everything is because that's not going to work. "I think that it could be a small argument between people that he would blow up or it could be revealing secrets about security. "It could be almost anything. An A-Z of what he's complaining about." She went on to say Harry "has a lot of poison in his blood". DON'T MISS Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [ANALYSIS]Meghan McCain slams Prince Harry over Constitution attack [VIDEO] Ms Levin continued: "He's now so bitter and resentful that he will say what he really feels and see things that he accepted years ago as now being really dreadful. "I think he really wants to show his power over William because he was fed up with being the spare rather than the heir. "I think he’s got a lot of poison in his blood now about what he feels about his background and his family." Royal writer Robert Jobson added: "It’s going to be the up-to-date stuff that’s going to be the explosive stuff, who made who cry in the Meghan and Kate scenario. "I’m sure those things – if they are addressed at all – will cause major problems."