Royal fans who have been dreaming to work within the Royal Household have been presented with the golden opportunity to work at Kensington Palace for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. A new job advert is publicising the role of Senior Executive Assistant to Kate and William's household. The role promises to place the perfect candidate at "the heart of the Household’s operations". The perfect applicant will work closely with Kate and William, and will focus in particular on supporting the Cambridges when it comes to their meetings, guests, correspondence and events. Among the responsibilities listed in the job description is to "ensure all documentation for TRH [Their Royal Highnesses] is prepared ahead of meetings and provided in a timely manner". Drafting replies to the royals' correspondence may be required at times, the advert said, as carrying out personal office administration. This means the perfect candidate will be able to personally support the Cambridges in their day-to-day work, "including arranging travel, booking appointments, taking messages and overseeing the effective running of the office". The advert also said the senior executive assistant must provide "support to the Communications Team and Events & Visits Team when preparing for visits and events, both official and private". When it comes to the criteria listed in the advert and which ones must be possessed by the perfect candidate, the extraordinary nature of working as part of the household of highly senior members of the Royal Family emerged. This royal aide will have to have "excellent interpersonal skills, along with proven experience of dealing with a broad spectrum of people (particularly very senior)", the advert said. READ MORE: 'Of course she’s aware!' Bower on how Markle is VERY much in control Confidentiality is considered a priority given the nature of the job, with the job description reading: "Ability to exercise tact and discretion and maintain confidentiality at all times." Moreover, a knowledge of the "diversity of communities" across the UK, Commonwealth and the world is also required, as is an "awareness of, and interest in" the work and activities of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. This isn't the only vacancy Kate and William have to fill this summer, as the Royal Household's website is advertising two more roles. One is for a Senior HR Manager, whose duties will be focused on the HR function and "people-planning" for the Cambridges' household, the job description said. In this role, the goal will be to "provide a comprehensive HR service, which ensures managers and employees have support in the areas of HR, recruitment, policy, culture, and talent", the job specification read. Among the main duties listed there are the typical challenges and assignments HR managers have to fulfil in most other workplaces. These include leading "an effective recruitment and selection process" to attract and retain talent within the household and managing "employee relations issues, as required". The third vacancy looking to be filled at Kensington Palace is for a fill-time Digital Lead, to join "a multi-disciplinary team working together to communicate the work of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge". The job description added: "The successful candidate will lead the strategy and management of the official social media channels of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook)." The perfect candidate will own excellent content creation skills - including photography, a passion the new hire will share with Kate. As the royals aim at remaining relevant in the modern society and gain a younger following, the new hire will have to lead "the overall strategy and management of The Duke and Duchess’ official social media channels" as well as "driving compelling, creative and strategic social media content to communicate Their Royal Highnesses’ work to a wide range of audiences". While Kate and Prince William have been using Instagram and Twitter for several years, they only launched their YouTube channel in the midst of the pandemic. Introducing themselves on the platform with an upbeat video one year ago, the Duke and Duchess have since used it to share news and clips from their engagements. The YouTube channel also played a major role in the Hold Still initiative launched by Kate in May 2020, as it hosted seven videos including clips from her phone calls with the finalists of her photographic contest. Among them was also the phone call between the Duchess and Mia Sneddon, the child who stole Kate's heart with her fight against cancer at the height of the coronavirus lockdown.