Cristiano Ronaldo will 'blow up' the Chelsea dressing room should he move to Stamford Bridge this summer, as Richard Keys has sent a harsh warning to Thomas Tuchel. The Blues have been linked with a sensational move for the current Manchester United striker, who has reportedly told the club he wants to leave. Tuchel has been told not to sign Ronaldo this summer, as it's been claimed that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would 'blow up' the Chelsea dressing room. The Chelsea boss is already said to be not overly keen on signing Ronaldo, after it was revealed that the Blues were one of the sides discussing the possibility of signing the United legend. Agent Jorge Mendes reportedly offered Ronaldo to a selection of Champions League level clubs, and Chelsea were included. New owner Todd Boehly is interested in a move, with the potential signing of Ronaldo the perfect way to make a statement since taking over from Roman Abramovich. But Tuchel isn't as keen, and Keys has sided with the German while firing a harsh warning.  READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer' Keys posted on Twitter: "And Tuchel is right - beware Ronaldo. He doesn’t understand this is a cameo role now. He’ll blow another dressing room up." Keys is seemingly passing some of the blame to Ronaldo for United's disastrous season, and the last thing Tuchel needs is more issues. Tuchel has already had to deal with big egos like Romelu Lukaku last season, and his £97.5million move to Stamford Bridge last summer produced a lot more problems than initially expected. The Belgian has already returned to Inter Milan after just 12 months, and Tuchel won't want another saga like last year.  DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline And the German may get his wish, as it is Tuchel that is overseeing recruitment this summer after a series of exits from Chelsea's hierarchy. Marina Granovskaia, Petr Cech and Bruce Buck have all left their roles at Chelsea in recent weeks, meaning it's Tuchel that will decide if he wants to pursue Ronaldo further. Ronaldo wants to play Champions League football, and he has already suffered a pay cut along with the rest of his United team-mates due to their failure to finish in the top four. And after missing pre-season training yet again, it looks as though he could do everything in his power to secure a move away. 