On Wednesday, the US President spoke in Somerset, Massachusetts, to take part in a press conference about global warming. Throughout his speech, Mr Biden recalled the "toxins, smog, and greenhouse emissions" and how they affected his hometown of Claymont, Delaware. In a shock statement describing his experiences with oil refinery emissions Mr Biden told the crowd: "That’s why I and so damn many other people I grew up with have cancer and why for the longest time, Delaware had the highest cancer rate in the nation." Mr Biden's 2021 health summary revealed his physician Dr Kevin O’Connor performed an operation to remove non-melanoma skin cancers. However, it pointed to time in the sun, rather than exposure to chemicals used by the oil industry. It was unclear where Mr Biden has announced an update on his health, or has made a gaffe. White House spokesman Andrew Bates referred to a tweet from Washington Post columnist Glenn Kessler, who noted Mr Biden had “non-melanoma skin cancers” removed before he took office. A report published on November 19 stated: "It is well-established that President Biden did spend a good deal of time in the sun in his youth. "He has had several localised, non-melanoma skin cancers removed with Mohs surgery before he started his presidency. "These lesions were completely excised, with clear margins." Additional details from the report read: "Total body skin exam was performed for dermatologic surveillance. "Several small areas of actinic change were treated with liquid nitrogen cryotherapy, but there are no areas suspicious for skin cancer at this time. "Dermatology consultation is reviewed and appreciated. No biopsies were required." At 79 years old, questions about Mr Biden’s fitness to serve as President have featured throughout his term. On Saturday, Mr Biden spoke of the “selfishness” of American troops on the final day of his trip to the Middle East. He said during a speech to the leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia: “For the first time since 9/11, an American President is visiting this region without American troops being engaged in combat — in a combat mission in the region. “We’ll always honor the bravery and selfishness — selflessness of the — and sacrifices of the Americans who served, including my son, Major Beau Biden, who was stationed in Iraq for a year.” Secretary of State Antony Blinken blinked hard and shifted uncomfortably in his seat as his boss made the unfortunate verbal stumble. MORE TO FOLLOW