Prince William, 40, met with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern on Saturday. The Duke of Cambridge met with the politician in the living room of his Apartment 1A in Kensington Palace. The royal shares the apartment with Kate Middleton, 40, and their children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four.  A photograph of Ms Ardern and the Prince was released on Saturday, showing royal fans a good glimpse of the royal’s living room. The living room has not really been seen in full since President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama visited the Cambridges back in 2016. Apartment 1A is a historic London property where Kate and William spend much of their time. The Palace released a photo to mark the occasion, revealing that the royal couple have made some subtle but significant changes to the home's reception room since members of the public last saw it.  READ MORE: Princess Diana's 'revenge dress' moment showed her 'complete change' Six years on since 2016, it seems William and Kate have decided to make some subtle but significant changes to the room's decor. At the time, the room was shown to have a neutral colour scheme, with two matching cream sofas, an array of light-coloured armchairs for visitors and a large octagonal ottoman in the centre of the room that was also finished in a cream fabric with intricate gold detailing. As revealed in the newly released photo, since that visit William and Kate have had the ottoman reupholstered, and it now sports a much brighter floral print in the colours red, green, blue and yellow. The much more vibrant centrepiece not only adds a splash of colour to the room but brings out the red accents in the room's lampshades and floral print cushions that remain unchanged since the last time it was photographed.  The room is finished with beautiful ornaments such as candles and vases, while traditional artwork hangs in ornate gold frames on the walls. Dotted around the room are framed family photos which have also been swapped out in the intervening years. Speaking on the Royal Beat podcast, Christopher Warwick said: “All of these royal residences at Kensington Palace are called apartments, which of course makes people immediately think they are flats like the American term for an apartment. “They are not. If you think of Kensington Place in a way it is built around three courtyards.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex lives in grandest royal home near Kate's future house “If you kind of think of them as being these wonderful red brick terrace houses. Because they are all joined, but separate houses." He added: “It is not a small house.” Meanwhile, royal author Ingrid Seward commented: “It's enormous... and it's like a piece of countryside in London.” Apartment 1A has twenty rooms, including five reception rooms, three master bedrooms - including two main floor master suites and his-and-hers dressing rooms, along with two separate nurseries - one for daytime play and one for sleep. In 2018, Kate told IKEA’s Head of Design, Marcus Engman, that she had chosen to deck out Prince George’s room with IKEA furniture and it was later revealed Princess Charlotte’s room had the same treatment.  The kitchen, which is the heart of the home, was renovated to Kate and William’s taste. It was reported the royal couple spent £170,000 of their own money refurbing the kitchen. The Cambridges also have an impressive entrance hall with black and white flagstones. Meanwhile, in the basement, there is a gym, laundry room and space for luggage. As for where the royal staff stay, they have their separate quarters with an additional nine bedrooms and two kitchens. 