According to the expert, there are some plants which are “easy to look after”, while others can “basically be forgotten about”. Chris Harvey, Interior Expert from Stelrad, said: “Having plants in the home can help boost your mood and complete your room. If you want to follow the steps of Stacey Soloman and Mrs Hinch, then fake plants might be the easiest option (particularly if you haven’t been gifted with a green thumb), but there are plants that are virtually impossible to kill. “What better way to improve your home interior than by adding plants? “They can make a space feel more appealing and alive, and they also play a role in your overall health. “Indoor plants can be used as accent pieces, to soften areas or even to create a certain expression. They can easily be placed on a table or a shelf and can be the perfect addition to any room that feels like it’s just missing something.” One houseplant which is easy to keep alive in a eucalyptus plant. READ MORE: How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home According to the expert they need plenty of sunshine, making a window a great location for them. They can also act as a decongestant, allowing for easier breathing. Chris added that the money tree and panda plant are also virtually impossible to kill. He said: “Who says money doesn’t grow on trees? Well not literally with the money tree plant, but it is believed to bring good luck to whoever owns this plant. DON'T MISS:Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [INSIGHT]How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting [EXPLAINER] “Simply water it weekly and place it in direct or partial sunlight. “The panda plant is a plant that you need to be careful not to overwater. “It is perfect for someone who isn’t home all the time and should be placed by a bright window. It has a blue-grey appearance due to the small silver hairs on the green leaves.” Owners should make sure to cut off any dead flower stems to keep the plant looking its best. READ MORE: Houseplants to help prevent ‘mould and dust mites’ - ‘huge help’ The peace lily, which is known for its gorgeous glossy green leaves and white flowers, is also good for those looking for an easy plant to care for. According to the expert, this plant is one of the “easiest plants to care for”. It prefers bright, indirect sunlight but can tolerate lower light levels. Chris said: “It produces an attractive white flower which can last for weeks in the summer.” Owners also need to make sure they don’t overwater this plant. The fern arum was also recommended by the expert, known for its smooth and shiny leaves. Chris explained: “If you’re after a plant that can be totally forgotten about though, these compact plants are happy to dry out and can live in a dark location. “There’s not a lot you really need to do with this plant, so it is virtually indestructible.” Aloe vera are also easy to care for as they are succulents and need very little watering. Since they grow very slowly, they also don’t need to be repotted as often as other houseplants, making it great for those looking for super low maintenance plants. Chris recommended the spider plant for those without pets. He said: “All that these plants care about is getting a reasonable amount of light. Once that has been done, you can basically forget about it and it will still thrive and grow in your home. “Does that make it the ideal plant maybe? Just watch out because if you have cats, this plant is madly hallucinogenic and slightly addictive for some cats.”  Other houseplants which are low maintenance include the pothos plant, corn plant, Chinese evergreen and common houseleek.