A Frenkie de Jong conspiracy theory has been put forward at a time where Manchester United are battling to sign the Barcelona star. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target over at Old Trafford. But there’s still no indication he’ll make the move to the Premier League, despite the Red Devils’ interest. Manchester United want to sign De Jong this summer. But though they’re ready to pay an initial £63million to land the Dutchman, a move to Old Trafford continues to hang in the balance. De Jong is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp, just three years on from his arrival from Ajax. He dreamed of playing for Barcelona as a child and still wants to fulfil his potential over in Catalonia. The problem is, however, that the La Liga side need him to go so they can register new signings such as Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. Jules Kounde is primed to join from Sevilla, while they also need to re-register Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto. Now, a De Jong conspiracy theory has been put forward on Twitter with user @TenHagBall suggesting Barcelona players were purposely failing to control their team-mates’ passes so he can have a low passing percentage. They said: Lmaooo, “Xavi really told his players to leave the ball and let it go out when Frenkie passes it to get a low percentage in his pass completion. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “Bro they against you, they want you shipped. Catch a flight to Manchester fella.” The user uploaded an edited video showing that when De Jong passed to his team-mates, the ball appeared to roll out of play. Some users backed up the theory, with @UTDJolloF saying: “Barcelona humiliating him instead of paying him what he is owed.” Another, by the name of @UtdRoo, said: “I know you're kidding but wtf is that lool that's sus.” A third, @MUFC_AMGF1, chipped in with: “Not sure pre season has an impact on the stats but can't help thinking there is something untoward going on. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  “He won't leave unless he gets paid and they aren't willing to pay him. It will end up in court.” @MagoUtd said: “This CANNOT be real oh my days.” And @UtdRyan_ opined: “I know you’re joking but the way Araujo reacted to losing that ball was a bit sus ahah.” Not everybody was convinced, however. @AlhahajibaSam said: “Lol everything to convince a player to play for your club. Sadly he doesn't want to leave Barca for a small club.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. @Izu_fcb shut down the claim by saying: “This is a bit fat lie.” And @ShahanParambil said: “He doesn't wanna join Manchester United and it's pretty obvious! “When are you people gonna stop twerking for a playing (sic) who doesn't want to join your club.” With De Jong looking tricky to sign, United may move on to alternatives. And talkSPORT’s Alex Crook recently claimed Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans, of Wolves and Leicester respectively, were both under consideration. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team He said: “I think they should probably walk away sooner, to be honest, bearing in mind the first contact between Manchester United and Barcelona was the middle of May – we are almost in the middle of July. “This is a ridiculous situation. It has been a saga for too long. Either it’s going to happen or it’s not. “I know Manchester United have a back-up list. Youri Tielemans is on that list, as I understand it, as is Ruben Neves from Wolves. “I would call Barcelona’s bluff now and say ‘either you sell him to us, or we will pay the same money and sign Ruben Neves’. “He’s a player who is proven in the Premier League.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here