Princess Charlene, 44, and her husband Prince Albert II, 64, stepped out on Wednesday to visit Pope Francis at the Vatican. The Princess donned a gorgeous black boat dress, custom-made by Terrence Bray, in a style reminiscent of Meghan Markle. The boat dress was long-sleeved and finished just above Charlene’s knees.  The silhouette was an A-line-shaped skirt, which perfectly showed off her stilettos. Charlene chose to wear nude stilettos by Louis Vuitton to complement the Princess’ otherwise all-black look. As Charlene was visiting Pope Francis, the Princess wore a large necklace that appeared to be rosary beads. The individual beads looked to be pearls and the cross at the bottom appeared to be yellow gold.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert Charlene’s icy blonde platinum pixie cut was covered with a black lace veil, which created quite a gothic look for the Princess. Lace veils in Catholic circles are known as Mantillas. Charlene wore nude lipstick to match her heels and minimal makeup for the religious visit. To finish her look, Charlene wore black nail varnish. Although it perfectly suited her outfit, royals are reportedly not supposed to wear dark-coloured nail varnish, at least in the UK. Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox previously spoke to Express.co.uk about style rules the royals have to follow. She said: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with. “This is to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas.  READ MORE: 'Absolute miracle' weight loss drink is part of Queen Letizia's diet “Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails. “Only nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are allowed.” However, it is unclear whether this rule extends to the Monegasque Royal Family. The Princess last met Pope Francis in 2016 when she donned an all-white look with a white lace veil.  The royal couple stepped out on Monday evening at the Red Cross Gala Ball, where Charlene donned a Prada gown. The Princess has made a full return to public royal duties after staying in South Africa for many months in 2021 to recover from several infections. Charlene and Albert have been married since 2011. The couple now shares two seven-year-old twins, Gabriella and Jacques. 