The Office for National Statistics (ONS) today revealed unemployment has fallen to 3.8 percent, down from 4.9 percent last year. It added that, while 1.3million vacancies remain in the economy, a record number of people are now in full-time employment. But statisticians said the good news ended about there, and warned Britons are likely to continue struggling to make their money go far enough. Real wages have fallen by 3.9 percent, with pay failing to keep up with inflation, according to reports. Sky News Business Correspondent Paul Kelsow said this was the “fastest rate of decrease in real-term wages since these records began in 2001”. Data showed an improvement on April’s drop of 4.5 percent. This was the biggest drop since records began. But the latest figure is unlikely to fill Britons with confidence. David Freeman, head of labour market and household statistics for the ONS, said the real-time pay cut was “both including and excluding bonuses”. Adrian Lowery, financial analyst at investing and coaching platform Bestinvest, commented: “With the ONS’s favoured inflation measure CPIH averaging 7.3 percent in the March to May quarter, workers are on average seeing real pay fall by a record annual rate of 2.8 percent. READ MORE: Widdecombe lambasts Tories for keeping quiet on free speech “This will be felt by households who are seeing sharp drops in their spending power and is heating up pay demands in both private and public sectors this summer. “While such high levels of inflation will be temporary, those price rises will not reverse so if pay increases do not keep pace, then in the medium term a standard of living hit will be felt.” Louise Skittrall, Founder of Swindon-based Robinson Grace HR Consultancy, also highlighted that the prospect was difficult not just for employees but also for employers. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] She said: “With the cost of living at the forefront of everyone's minds, pay and perks are key. “Employers offering incentives such as working from home, free parking, electric charging points or subsidised staff meals, will appear considerably more attractive to prospective employees seeking a more cost-effective job choice. “Job vacancies continue to outweigh the number of applicants at the moment, which means that organisations are struggling to attract top talent. “Employers are having to look at pay as a means of attracting applicants, but the importance of building a strong employee proposition has never been more important.” Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi said he was “acutely aware” of the impact of the real-term pay cut on workers. He said: “We are providing help for households through cash grants and tax cuts. “We’re working alongside the Bank of England to bear down on inflation, providing support worth £37billion this financial year for the cost of living, and investing in skills to help people get into work and progress.”