The heat has been so intense over the last few days that the Met Office issued an amber alert. The warning, which is in place from Sunday July 17 to Monday July 19, stated that temperatures could reach as high as 35C over the weekend. Extreme heat creates a danger for everyone, as dehydration and heat exhaustion become realistic probabilities. The Met Office said: “The Amber warning, which has been issued for Sunday (17 July) and Monday (18 July), highlights likely adverse health effects for the public, not just limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat.” While many have enjoyed basking in the Sun by spending days on the beach or sitting in the garden, a good dose of rain will help keep the days and night cool. Many plants and animals in the UK also enjoy a slightly cooler climate, and pets in particular can suffer during times of extreme heat. READ MORE: Energy crisis nightmare as heatwave threatens to send prices soaring Light showers will return to Britain from Tuesday July 19 between 12pm and 6pm, according to the forecast from WXCharts. These will mostly be in the north, midlands, and Wales, but London may have some wetter weather too. In the weeks after, temperatures should return to a lower level, and there is a chance of thunderstorms towards the end of the month. In the south, little rainfall is expected, and hotter temperatures are expected to continue during July. Cooler weather is expected in August across the UK, including the south, as the heatwave comes to an end. Until then, it is important for everyone to try and stay hydrated, and reduce the risk of illness caused by exposure to extreme heat. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: “Heat-health alerts have now been issued to the majority of the country, with temperatures set to remain consistently high throughout the duration of this week. DON'T MISS:Brexit Britain receives £16.9bn trade boost [REACTION]Convicted murderer dies of Covid in prison [ANALYSIS]Police eye breakthrough in Madeleine McCann case [INSIGHT] “Most of us can enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but it is important to keep yourself hydrated and to find shade where possible when UV rays are strongest, between 11am and 3pm. “If you have vulnerable family, friends and neighbours, make sure they are aware of how they can keep themselves protected from the warm weather.” To prevent heat exhaustion, the NHS recommended drinking plenty of water, taking cool baths or showers, and avoiding the sun between 11am and 3pm. The hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK was in Cambridge Botanic Garden when a record 38.7C hit the area in 2019.