The fury comes after journalist Jonathan Sacerdoti said Prince Harry was invited to deliver a speech at the UN headquarters in New York City to mark Nelson Mandela International Day this week because of his “position as somebody in the British Royal Family”. He told Us Weekly: “Why was he speaking at the UN? Because he’s Prince Harry.  “Otherwise, without meaning to be too offensive, no one would be interested in a guy who scraped through high school’s opinion on world affairs.” He’s literally completely unqualified to have anything important to tell to people, but instead he’s using his position as somebody in the British Royal Family to spread what he sees as an important message.” But Prince Harry fans hit back saying they respected the Duke of Sussex and he was right for leaving the Firm to move to the US with his wife Meghan Markle in early 2020. In response to the criticism the duke was “unqualified”, Twitter user Angela said: “But he was allowed to speak so obviously not.”  @cre_harris added: “I may not agree with every message but Harry has my complete respect for going out on his own to make something of himself as an individual.” @23stanzas posted: “I respect the Mandela family and Foundation's choice for keynote speaker for Mandela Day at the UN. “Their choice was Prince Harry, who delivered an excellent speech. It is pretty insulting to them to demean their guest.” Barbara Stiles tweeted: “His speech was inspiring, warm & you can see the respect and love Prince Harry has for President Nelson Mandela.  READ MORE: BBC forced to apologise to William and Harry's former royal nanny “We are asked to honour Mandela today, and every day, by doing our part to leave the world better for our future generations. Thank you, Prince Harry.” Prince Harry has been criticised following his speech to the United Nations General Assembly on Monday. The Duke warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" as he spoke about the legacy of the former South African president. He once again waded into American politics when he attacked the “rolling back of constitutional rights” in the US.  DON'T MISS Fury as Meghan biographer admits sources ‘don’t like’ Duchess [OPINION]Meghan and Harry warned they 'can't coast on their titles forever' [INSIGHT]‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack [COMMENT] In the UN General Assembly hall, Harry spoke about the threats from Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the "weaponising" of lies and disinformation. He said: “We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life.” "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States.” Mandela became South Africa's first Black president in 1994 after spending 27 years in prison during apartheid. He died in 2013 aged 95, but remains an icon for his struggle against apartheid and message of reconciliation. Prince Harry also spoke about his mother Diana, the Princess of Wales' meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997, and how he "sought solace" in Africa following her death. He said: “On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face; the playfulness, cheekiness, even... pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity.  "Then I looked at Mandela. Here was a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders, asked to heal his country from the wreckage of its past and transform it for the future. "A man who had endured the very worst of humanity - vicious racism and state-sponsored brutality. A man who had lost 27 years with his children and family that he would never get back." Harry said he has "always found hope" in Africa, a continent where he "found peace and healing". He added: "It's where I've felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife."