Emily Andrews, former royal correspondent at The Sun, said Prince Harry told her he finds public speaking “really difficult”. Speaking about his speech yesterday in New York, she said that she was “not impressed” by his performance, adding that though his “delivery was brilliant”, he could have been “more upbeat and energised” given his influence on young people. The comments followed his keynote speech at the UN General Assembly for Nelson Mandela Day on Monday.    Ms Andrews said: “I covered the royals, reported on the royals, for 10 years, so I have heard Harry say and speak in this vein before. “And I was not impressed, I’m afraid. Harry has told me himself he actually finds public speaking really difficult. “One of the things he has said about it is he is very very nervous about it. I actually think his delivery in New York yesterday was brilliant. “He delivered it really well. I just think he needs to sack the script writer.    “All of the tenets were great, you know, climate change, the war in Ukraine, the youth of today making a difference. “They are all really really important and relevant things to talk about. “I just think that Harry, you know he is a role model for a lot of young people, he could have been a lot more upbeat, he could have been a lot more energised, and he could have told us more.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's speech 'lacked a lot of substance' [INSIGHT]   During his speech, Prince Harry launched a broadside attack on American politics before lamenting the “havoc” climate change was wreaking on the planet. He said: “This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We are living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe. “Climate change is wreaking havoc on our planet with the most vulnerable suffering most of all. The few weaponizing lies and disinformation at the expense of the many. “And from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights in the US we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom, the cause of Mandela's life.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry spotted leaving swanky New York restaurant [REVEAL] Prince Harry leaves expert baffled with 'world on fire' UN warning [REPORT] Nelson Mandela's grandson laughs at Harry's UN speech 'Worlds apart' [REVEAL]   But it was not just the content of his speech that drew criticism, with his appearance being branded as scruffy and unkempt as well. Posting on Twitter, one user said: “I wish Harry would have a decent haircut, he always looks scruffy.” Meanwhile, another wrote: “Harry's looking thrilled again. Why does he always look crumpled and scruffy?” A third added: “I think Harry's largest offence is that haircut. Who's he trying to fool? “Shave your head, dude, regardless of whatever you have to say, no one is going to take you seriously looking like a homeless clown.” READ NEXT: Harry defended after Duke mocked for speech to almost empty roomPrince Harry told to 'hand back title' after breaking royal protocol Meghan and Harry snubbed as ‘fading force’ for leaving UKPiers Morgan rips into Prince Harry amid Nelson Mandela comparisonsMeghan and Harry face humiliating Netflix setback  