Inflation rates have risen to 9.4 percent as of June, the fifth jump of 2022 as costs of goods and energy continue to surge. To tackle the rapid rise, the Bank of England (BoE) has been raising the base rate to make borrowing more costly and encourage people to save. The base interest rate rise has meant increases to various savings accounts, but some offer better rates than others. HSBC explains: "With a fixed rate savings account, you lock away your savings for a set amount of time at a set interest rate. "It's also known as a fixed-term bond. "You may be able to choose how long your savings are locked away for, or it may be an amount of time set by the bank." In many cases, fixed rate accounts offer better interest rates than easy access accounts due to customers being unable to withdraw cash. However, like with all accounts, some offer higher interest rates than others. READ MORE: Santander offering customers 2.5% rate - how does it compare? Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. The number one fixed rate savings account, with an AER of 2.83 percent is Charter Savings BankFixed Rate Bond. Interest is paid on the banking anniversary or monthly with a one-year bond. Kent Reliance One Year Fixed Rate Bond - Issue 100 scoops second place, however only when interest is paid on maturity. In this instance, savers can get an AER of 2.79 percent on a one-year bond. In third place is Kent Reliance One Year Fixed Rate Bond - Issue 100. The account has an AER of 2.78 percent, with interest paid monthly and a one-year bond. In fourth place is Gatehouse Bank One Year Fixed Term Woodland Saver with an AER of 2.75 percent. Interest can be paid on maturity or on a monthly basis with a one-year bond. In fifth place is Close Brothers Savings Fixed Rate Bond with an AER of 2.75 percent. Interest is paid on maturity with a one-year bond. In sixth place is Tandem Bank One Year Fixed Saver with an AER of 2.75 percent. Interest is paid on banking anniversary and there is a one-year bond. Cynergy Bank Fixed Rate Bond is in seventh place, with an AER of 2.72 percent. Interest is paid on the account anniversary with a one-year bond. In eighth place is Bank of London and The Middle East Premier Deposit Account (Anticipated Profit Rate) with an AER of 2.70 percent. Interest is paid on maturity with a one-year bond. DON'T MISSSmart meters: ‘Basic’ ways you can save £40 a month on energy bills [INSIGHT]HSBC issues warning as rising scam sees victims lose up to £36,000 [WARNING]Free prescriptions: Full list of groups eligible to free prescriptions [EXPLAINER] In fifth place is Close Brothers Savings Fixed Rate Bond with an AER of 2.75 percent. Interest is paid on maturity with a one-year bond. In sixth place is Tandem Bank One Year Fixed Saver with an AER of 2.75 percent. Interest is paid on banking anniversary and there is a one-year bond. Cynergy Bank Fixed Rate Bond is in seventh place, with an AER of 2.72 percent. Interest is paid on the account anniversary with a one-year bond. In eighth place is Bank of London and The Middle East Premier Deposit Account (Anticipated Profit Rate) with an AER of 2.70 percent. Interest is paid on maturity with a one-year bond.  Coming in ninth is the Monument Bank 12 Month Fixed Term Deposit account also with an AER of 2.70 percent. Interest is paid on maturity with a 12-month bond. Ranking 10th on the list is Paragon Bank One Year Fixed Rate Savings Account with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 2.70 percent. Interest can be paid either monthly or on the banking anniversary depending on the option chosen, with a one-year bond.