Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, were pictured in Wyoming looking very happy during the July 4 celebrations in America. The Duchess of Sussex could be seen hugging Archie, three, whilst showing off her fantastic figure. The family were seen watching a 4th of July parade in the Jackson Hole valley.  Behavioural expert Darren Stanton previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the Sussexes’ diets out in America. Darren said: “In recent years, it’s reported Harry has ditched junk food, including pizza, and is now embracing the Californian lifestyle by eating healthier foods, like plenty of fruit, and sipping on green smoothies. “Meghan, meanwhile, dines on pasta and plenty of parmesan cheese, especially homemade dishes she can conjure up herself in the kitchen. “The recipes of which, she previously shared on her blog. “Meghan seems quite adventurous and she displays this during the time she spends in the kitchen. “She’s passionate about creating and trying out different meals. “This shows she is open to new opportunities and change,” the expert noted. What does Meghan eat during the week?  Darren claimed: “Conscious of the food she eats and wanting to adopt a healthier lifestyle, like many in California, it’s said Meghan eats both vegan and gluten-free meals during the week. “At the weekend, she’s happy to push the boat out and indulge in things she would usually avoid. “This ability to relax typical habits demonstrates her ability to be flexible and have fun while still maintaining discipline. “This idea lends itself to her personality where Meghan has a sense of seriousness about her, but at the same time is not afraid to let her hair down. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “We see snippets of this when she is pictured laughing and joking alongside Harry.” How has Harry’s diet changed since “moving Stateside”? Darren added: “Harry’s change in diet could be indicative of Meghan’s influence on him within their relationship to be more adventurous. “Despite moving Stateside, however, Harry still longs for a touch of tradition.  “He is said to love a Sunday roast, with him and Meghan often cooking a roasted chicken together. “A typically British dish, not only is this reflective of a home connection he still holds dear, suggesting he misses parts of his life back in the UK. “But it also signifies how Harry chases feelings of nostalgia too.” 