Meghan Markle stepped out to support Prince Harry who was delivering a UN keynote speech on Nelson Mandela International Day in New York City yesterday. The Duchess of Sussex turned heads when she arrived wearing a custom all-black Givenchy outfit and lashings of delicate gold jewellery. On her one hand, Meghan displayed her beautiful diamond engagement ring and wedding band. On her right hand, she wore two delicate gold rings. Her fourth finger showcased one of the pinky rings from the Shiffon Duet. Bought in a pair, the ring is made from 14k yellow gold and features white diamond stones. They are said to be a “symbol of strength, love, and paying it forward”, and the ring was designed to be a reminder of the support around you and your place in a worldwide community determined to make the world better. READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan Fifty percent of profits are also invested in female entrepreneurs. The duet of rings is priced at £876 ($1,050). On her pinky finger, Meghan opted for the more glitzy version of the same ring; the Shiffon 1972 Tennis Pinky Ring. It is a wrap pinky ring featuring a bezel set diamond and pave diamond band. The design honours the 50th anniversary of Title IX, the landmark legislation that paved the way for women in sports. It is still available to buy for £2,338 ($2,800) but as a pre-order. DON'T MISS...How to keep bananas perfectly yellow with clever food storage hack [GUIDE]Posh pub charges customers £2 to ‘remove ingredients’ from burger [REACTION]Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' [PICTURES] The designer of the pinky rings previously spoke out about Meghan wearing them during the Invictus Games. “Everything she does is with intention, thought and meaning behind the impact that she could have,” Shilpa Yarlagadda told People. “I know that when she's wearing a piece of jewellery, there's a lot of intention behind it.” On her wrist was her favourite Cartier ‘Love’ Bracelet in yellow gold. “Created in New York in 1969, the LOVE bracelet is an icon of jewellery design: a close fitting, oval bracelet composed of two rigid arcs which is worn on the wrist and removed using a specific screwdriver,” the official product description read. READ MORE: Queen Letizia of Spain wows in flaming red hot dress in Madrid “The closure is designed with two functional screws placed on either side of the bracelet: you will need help to open or close it.” The Duchess has worn this bracelet several times over the years. It is still available to buy direct from Cartier for £5,762 ($6,900.00). Alongside the designer bracelet, Meghan wore Princess Diana’s Gold Cartier Tank Française Watch. Designed by Louis Cartier in 1916, it is still considered one of the most desired watches in the world. H&T Pawnbrokers believe the watch is valued at a whopping £300,000, making it the second most expensive watch owned by the Royal Family. It is believed the Duchess was gifted her late mother-in-law’s watch by Harry. As for earrings, Meghan chose to re-wear the same earrings she wore with the green version of her outfit back in July 2018. The Vanessa Tugendhaft Precious Clover Charm Stud Earrings feature paved diamonds, set in 18k rose gold. At the time, they were priced at £626 ($750).