Caller Ulf from Hamburg has insisted the UK would not be allowed back into the European Union and was a "nuisance" when it was a member. Speaking to LBC, Ulf said: "You have an inflated sense of self-importance. Nobody needs you. You are nice to have, you joined late. "Get the thought out of your head that you're sorely missed. You're not. "For the past six years, you have been acting like lunatics and a big nuisance. "Even before that, your acceptance was a constant bother. "Nobody in their right mind would give Boris Johnson the chance to make political decisions. READ MORE: Ukraine saboteurs blow up railway bridge "I know you Brits did but we in Europe are not going to do so. "At best, you might be permitted to enter the single market, the customs union but even then that might be rescinded by the Tories." It comes as Sir Keir Starmer has ruled out rejoining the EU or the single market if Labour comes to power, insisting such moves would sow further division in Britain. He also said the UK would not join a customs union under his party's leadership, as he set out a five-point plan to "make Brexit work". Sir Keir said Labour is "claiming the centre-ground of British politics once again", not from a "mushy place of compromise", but driven by "purpose" and "optimism". He said he would say more about how it intends to get the country's economy growing again "in the weeks and months to come", but the first step is to make a success of leaving the EU. In a speech to the Centre for European Reform at an event at the Irish Embassy in London, he said: "There are some who say, 'We don't need to make Brexit work - we need to reverse it'. I couldn't disagree more. "Because you cannot move forward or grow the country or deliver change or win back the trust of those who have lost faith in politics if you're constantly focused on the arguments of the past. DON'T MISS Boris handed key to 'biggest and quickest' Brexit win [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer's Brexit stance slapped down in hilarious rant [VIDEO]'How do people trust Labour?' Sally Nugent savages Emily Thornberry [ANALYSIS] "We cannot afford to look back over our shoulder because all the time we are doing that we are missing what is ahead of us. "So let me be very clear. Under Labour, Britain will not go back into the EU. We will not be joining the single market. We will not be joining a customs union." Sir Keir claimed the country is "stuck" with a Government without a plan - one that was elected on a promise to get Brexit done but "has now decided to re-open those old divisions" to keep Prime Minister Boris Johnson in charge. He acknowledged some may not want to hear Britain would not return to the single market or a customs union under Labour, but added "it is my job to be frank and honest".