There are two forms of the condition - type 1 and type 2. Both of which result in the level of glucose (sugar) in your blood becoming too high. For type 1 patients this happens when your body cannot produce enough of a hormone called insulin, which controls blood glucose. Type 2 diabetes is much more common and the raised blood sugar levels are usually caused by being overweight or not exercising enough. While it is well known that reducing sugar and fat intake can help diabetes sufferers, a study has shown a common hot drink could also play a part. A team from the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in China examined the results of 27 studies that trialled the use of green tea on participants. Their report concluded that the drink “significantly” lowered fasting blood glucose - which is someone’s blood sugar level in the morning before food or water.  A “normal” fasting blood glucose level is considered 100 milligrams per decilitre (mg/dL). If it ranges between 100 to 125 mg/dL it is considered prediabetes, or 126 mg/dL and higher means the patient has diabetes. The paper, which was published in Nutrition and Metabolism journal, explains: “Twenty-seven trials involving 2,194 subjects were included in the meta-analysis. “The pooled results showed that green tea significantly lowered fasting blood glucose by − 1.44 mg/dL with no obvious heterogeneity.”   But it notes: “However, green tea consumption did not significantly affect fasting insulin and HbA1c values.” According to Diabetes UK, the haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) test measures the amount of blood sugar (glucose) attached to your haemoglobin. Haemoglobin is the part of your red blood cells that carries oxygen from your lungs to the rest of your body. It is an important blood test that gives a good indication of how well your diabetes is being controlled.  READ MORE: Endometriosis: This common plant could reduce inflammation and pain - expert The research concludes: “In short-term trials, green tea supplementation significantly reduced fasting glucose, but had no significant effect on fasting insulin and HbA1c. “Long-term trials assessing the effects of green tea supplementation on glycemic control are needed.” If you are living with type 2 diabetes, the NHS advises to:  It also recommends at least two and a half hours of exercise a week. Physical exercise helps lower your blood sugar level,” the service says. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes can include: 