Journalist Jemma Forte discussed the fuel protest with journalist Mike Parry and Jeremy Vine. Ms Forte discussed how many members of the British public had come to the end of their tether on so many ongoing issues in the UK that the Government are yet to fully tackle. The British broadcaster went on to talk about inflation and the tanking of the British pound. This morning drivers created a 12-hour gridlock in order to protest the price of fuel in the UK, drivers in affected areas have been warned of travel delays due to the demonstration. Ms Forte told Jeremy Vine on 5: "We're going to see an awful lot of problems, unrest. "People will of reached the end of their tether on so many issues. "There are things that the Government could be doing, one thing at the heart of this is, oil is bought with dollars and the pound is tanking for many reasons against the dollar. "Also, I wonder, I don't know this at all... Whether perhaps the Government could lift sanctions on Iran and get oil from there and solve it." Mr Vine added: "On Iran, God, that's a...  The big one is to take VAT on fuel off and take off the green levy. JUST IN: 'Alarming!' Desperate parents dip into children's savings to pay for skyrocketing bills  "And just say, we need to fix the climate but not yet." Mr Parry said: "Absolutely! Bun the green levy and drop the VAT, and you're right about the pound. "We should put up interest rates and then the pound would start going up again and then imports wouldn't be so expensive." Ms Forte said: "We all know why the pound is tanking." Mr Parry added: "We know why the pound is tanking, it's because the Bank of England have let it tank."  READ MORE: Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre - Police confirm several injured     Many Britons are being financially affected by the cost of living crisis which has seen energy and food bills spike. With petrol prices continuing to rise, some people cannot afford to use their cars to travel, as the cost is too much.  DON’T MISS: Queen fed up with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn'[INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: 'New era of uncertainty' Germany & Ireland rage as Truss plot set for debate [REVEAL] 'All options on the table' Germany ambassador warns EU to hit out if Brexit deal ignored [SPOTLIGHT]     The founder of the FairFuelUK campaign, Howard Cox said: "These are not just demonstrations against the record excruciatingly high petrol and diesel prices that rise each and every day.