According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, drivers can expect to pay 190.81p for a litre of petrol. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who have to fork out 198.58 on average per litre. And, with that in mind motorists could start thinking about going electric. Express.co.uk looked at some of the cheapest EVs that motorists in the UK can buy to save money on fuel while still enjoying the driving experience. Buying an electric car can be quite daunting for many reasons. Firstly, many motorists worry about the charging network and the availability of chargers. Secondly, the upfront cost of buying an EV can be incredibly high. READ MORE: Locals slam council for building 20ft cycle lane - ‘Glorified lay-by’ However, experts at MotorEasy have now come up with the biggest EV bargains out there. They analysed used electric cars that lose their value the quickest, meaning a sudden and noticeable drop in the asking price. Duncan McClure Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy said: “Buying a new car at the moment is quite a challenge, thanks to waiting lists and inflated prices. "If you’re happy buying used, a car two or three years old can save you a fortune." DON'T MISS Driver avoids paying £100 parking fine with a clever smartphone trick [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [WARNING] Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [REVEAL] The expert, however, urged drivers to buy an additional warranty if they are thinking about buying a used EV. He said: “Remember that a (used) car will likely fall outside of its manufacturer warranty period if it is older than three years. "If this is the case, we would recommend purchasing an extended warranty to protect yourself against unexpected expensive repairs."  READ MORE: Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con Kia came first on the list of the fastest depreciating EVs. The car lost just under 50 percent of its value in 2022 compared to 2019. This in turn meant that the price of the EV dropped by nearly £18,000 on average. The Soul has a range of 280 miles, which is very impressive for its size. Renault Zoe came second on the list after losing £10,000 in value since 2019. Drivers can now expect to pay just under £16,000 for a used version of the car. The range of the car is around 250 miles. Jaguar I-Pace came third after losing over £20,000 in value. Despite the drop, however, the car still costs around £42,000. Even though it seems to be out of reach for most people, the purchase of a used I-Pace will result in saving £20,000. A used Smart ForTwo EQ can now be picked for £14,700. The car dropped nearly 40 percent in value since 2019 from the original price of £22,775. It is a perfect car for urban driving with a range of around 60 miles.