In a heartfelt speech, he said it was “eccentric” for Tory MPs to be forcing him out, adding: “But them’s the breaks.” Two years and 348 days after becoming Prime Minister he said he was leaving “the best job in the world”. Mr Johnson is understood to have decided to quit in a “moment of clarity” early yesterday after days of defiantly resisting Cabinet attempts to force him out. When his decision reached Downing Street staff soon after, many shed tears. Insiders said the PM himself remained “sanguine” throughout the day. His parliamentary private secretary James Duddridge said: “The Prime Minister is not a blubber.” Speaking outside Number 10, Mr Johnson said:“I’m immensely proud of the achievements of this Government. “From getting Brexit done to settling our relations with the Continent for over half a century, reclaiming the power for this country to make its own laws in Parliament, getting us all through the pandemic, delivering the fastest vaccine rollout in Europe, the fastest exit from lockdown and, in the last few months, leading the West in standing up to Putin’s aggression in Ukraine.” He signalled he will leave Downing Street by the autumn once the Tories choose a successor in a contest due to begin next week. But he defied angry Tory MPs and party grandees demanding his immediate exit from No 10. In a characteristically defiant speech tinged with sadness, Mr Johnson admitted it was “painful” to quit but accepted his luck had run out. He declined to apologise for the blunders that have dogged his Government and took a swipe at Tory opponents, declaring their removal of him “eccentric” given his landslide victory at the last general election and the challenges facing the country. Mr Johnson’s wife Carrie, with daughter Romy in a papoose, joined No 10 staff and loyalist MPs including Andrea Jenkyns and Nigel Adams in Downing Street to wintess the PM’s lunchtime statement. In emotional scenes he was later pictured cradling son Wilfred, two, and hugging Carrie. A handful of MPs who had remained loyal were also inside No 10 for the occasion, including Jacob Rees-Mogg, his closest ally. Before facing the cameras the PM gave a private speech in Downing Street’s Pillared Room to staff. One aide said: “He said a massive, massive thank-you for all they have done over three years, and their massive achievements.” In his statement, Mr Johnson said he was being driven out by his own MPs: “It is now clearly the will of the parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader of that party and therefore a new Prime Minister.” In a further swipe at rebels, he referred to the party’s landslide general election win two and a half years ago: “I want to say to the millions of people who voted for us in 2019 – many of them voting Conservative for the first time – thank you for that incredible mandate, the biggest Conservative majority since 1987, the biggest share of the vote since 1979.” The PM agreed with Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the powerful 1922 Committee of Tory backbenchers, that a party leadership contest will begin next week. A timetable may be revealed on Monday, with knockout rounds among MPs probably completed by July 21 before a run-off ballot where grassroots Tory members pick from the final two candidates. Pressure was growing last night for the contest to be accelerated to ensure a new Premier is in place as soon as possible given the cost-of-living squeeze and other huge challenges facing the country. Potential candidates were already canvassing support among MPs for the race ahead. Rishi Sunak, Nadhim Zahawi, Liz Truss and Penny Mordaunt were expected to be among the candidates. Attorney General Suella Braverman declared she would join the race and supporters indicated senior backbencher Tom Tugendhadt is also likely to run. In his statement, Mr Johnson explained that a sense of duty lay behind his decision to fiercely resist the drive to push him out. “I felt it was my job, my duty, my obligation to you to continue to do what we promised in 2019 and of course I am immensely proud of the achievements of this Government,” he said. Mr Johnson angered his opponents by branding their decision to force him out of Downing Street as “eccentric.” He said: “In the last few days I have tried to persuade my colleagues that it would be eccentric to change governments when we are delivering so much and when we have such a vast mandate.” The Tories were only “a handful of points” behind Labour in the polls, he pointed out. Mr Johnson admitted feeling hurt by being pushed out. “Of course it is painful not to be able to see through so many ideas and projects myself but as we’ve seen at Westminster, the herd is powerful and when the herd moves, it moves. “And, my friends, in politics no one is remotely indispensable.” Mr Johnson was applauded by the crowd outside Number 10 and greeted with more applause and cheers from Downing Street staff as he walked back inside the building. He lifted up his two-year-old son Wilf for a hug in the hallway. Minutes after his statement a string of Tory MPs and grandees demanded his immediate removal from Number 10. Some called for Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab to be installed as an “caretaker” PM until a successor is chosen. Former prime minister Sir John Major, a frequent critic of Mr Johnson and hardline Brexit opponent, wrote to the 1922 Committee to demand a high-speed Tory leadership contest to minimise the Prime Minister’s remaining time in Number 10. He claimed allowing Mr Johnson to stay in office for up to three months was “unwise, and may be unsustainable.” Sir John wrote: “For the overall wellbeing of the country, Mr Johnson should not remain in Downing Street - when he is unable to command the confidence of the House of Commons - for any longer than necessary to effect the smooth transition of Government,” he said. He also hit out at the failure of past Tory Cabinets to “restrain” the Prime Minister. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng – who Mr Johnson had reportedly been planning to axe in his next reshuffle – also demanded a swift hand over of power. “We now need a new leader as soon as practicable. Someone who can rebuild trust, heal the country, and set out a new, sensible and consistent economic approach to help families,” he said. George Freeman, one of the last ministers to resign before Mr Johnson announced he was stepping down, warned of “chaos” if he is allowed to remain in office over the summer. “Unfortunately, it’s very difficult to see how Boris Johnson, given the character that he is, is going to be able to govern for three months in quiet humility and contrition. “That certainly wasn’t the tone of his speech,” he told Times Radio. “My real worry is the instability will fuel a febrile moment of midsummer madness, where we choose the wrong person in a hurry because of the instability. We can’t afford to do that.” Former cabinet minister Andrea Leadsom, who twice stood for the leadership, urged Mr Johnson to go for the sake of his reputation. “I absolutely do not think that it is acceptable that we have a long, drawn-out leadership campaign,” she told BBC Radio 4’s PM programme. “It is my opinion that Boris would be better to go now and salvage what is a good track record in some really key major events.” Mr Johnson’s estranged former chief advisor Dominic Cummings tweeted: “Evict TODAY or he’ll cause CARNAGE, even now he’s playing for time & will try to stay. Raab shd be interim PM by evening.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, who spent yesterday watching tennis at Wimbledon with his wife Victoria, threatened to table a vote of no confidence in the Commons if Mr Johnson did not immediately leave Number 10. Mr Johnson was understood to have decided to quit in a “moment of clarity” early yesterday after days for defiantly resisting Cabinet attempts to force him out. He had gone to bed on Thursday determined to fight on despite more than 40 MPs quitting Government jobs in protest at his continuing leadership following a series of scandals. Insiders said he realised the time had come to leave on waking yesterday. By 6am, he had begun writing his resignation statement. Yet while he was at work, the Tory rebellion against his leadership raged on. The storm had been gathering over the last week as anger grew over Downing Street’s handling of sexual harrassment accusations against former deputy chief whip Christopher Pincher. Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis became the fifth Cabinet minister to resign in protest at Mr Johnson’s continuing leadership, with a string of junior ministers also quitting. By yesterday morning, more than 50 MPs had quit Government roles since the departures of Health Secretary Sajid Javid and Chancellor Rishi Sunak kicked off the rebellion on Tuesday. Nadhim Zahawi, who only took over from Mr Sunak two days ago, published a letter publicly imploring the Prime Minister to quit. From around 9am yesterday, the first reports of his decision were beginning to emerge in the media. At 9.10am, Mr Johnson telephoned the Queen to inform her of his decision to quit. Ten minutes later, Downing Street confirmed the Prime Minister would make a statement to the country.