Jamie Jones has set himself a steep target of trying to get into the Masters by January - and has warned Ronnie O'Sullivan and the rest of the snooker field he's feeling confident of a strong season. The Welshman is competing in the Championship League and kept his campaign alive on Monday but securing victories over Andres Petrov and David Lilley before drawing with Sam Craigie in his final match of the day. The world No 31 has lofty ambitions this season and hopes to be inside the top 16 when the world’s second-longest-running tournament rolls around early next year. “I’m currently 31st [on the tour] and I’ve given myself the hefty goal of trying to get into the Masters by January,” he said. “It’s a massive goal, but if you don’t aim high what are you going to achieve? I’d also love to pick up my first trophy this season.” Pleased with his form and confidence appearing to be very high, Jones is optimistic regarding his chances of achieving his goal. “I’ve been practising well and playing as much as I’ve ever done in the off-season,” he said. “This year, I’ve done a little bit of coaching where in previous years I’d usually put the cue down for two months. Now, I feel sharp and am glad to get through to the next stage. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan scoops £3,000 prize money and speaks out after snooker return “I have been a notoriously slow starter to the season, so I did feel a little bit of pressure coming into today as I didn’t want to start this season how I usually do.” Ronnie O’Sullivan has meanwhile played his first tournament since winning a record-equalling seventh world title earlier this year. The 46-year-old began his campaign with a 3-0 win over Farakh Ajaib and followed that with a pair of 3-1 victories over Alfie Burden and Alexander Ursenbacher. The final match against the Swiss star was particularly impressive, with O’Sullivan making breaks of 56, 58 and finally 121 after Ursenbacher had made 105 in the second frame. DON'T MISS  “Even if I play rubbish, it doesn’t bother me, I can quickly get over it and move onto the things I enjoy.” Later this month, O’Sullivan, Jones and co will return to Leicester for their second groups from July 25-27.