A final vote of Tory MPs will take place this afternoon to select the two candidates to be put to the party's membership. Mr Sunak is seen as the frontrunner in the contest, with Ms Truss battling it out with Penny Mordaunt to take the other final spot. Last night there was a growing sense in Westminster that the Foreign Secretary would make the final vote after seeing a surge of support over the last 24 hours. However, some in the party fear Mr Suank and Ms Truss would rip each other to pieces over the next month as they campaign for the votes of the membership. TV debates between the pair last week proved to be a brutal encounter, with the pair exchanging a series of heavy blows to one another. Ms Truss blamed the former Chancellor for putting Britain on course for a recession with his economic plan, while Mr Sunak asked his rival what she regretted more – having previously been a Liberal Democrat or having backed Remain in the 2016 referendum. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG One Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "If it's Rishi v Liz I guarantee we'll end up in Opposition at the next election. "They'll tear each other to pieces and Labour will just walk in. "As they say, Oppositions don't win elections, Governments lose them and we're doing our very best to lose the next one." Another party insider suggested to this website that some in the Cabinet believed a period in Opposition would be good for the party and give a chance to reset. "Some Cabinet ministers think we need a break to get ourselves in order," the Tory said. "They don't actually want us to win next time around." READ MORE: Angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PM However, in a hustings organised by the Spectator podcast last night, Ms Truss insisted the party's reputation is "in a positive place". Ms Mordaunt's team have insisted a reset is possible without the need for Opposition. They've urged MPs to cause an upset at today's result by backing her to be in the final two. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership races are fully of dirty tricks [ANALYSIS]Boris hosts final Cabinet meeting and takes swipe at Tory hopefuls [REACTION]Conservative champion must set squabbles aside [COMMENT] "Today is about continuity vs change for the Conservative Party," a campaign source from Ms Mordaunt’s team said. "As the only one not in Johnson’s cabinet, Penny is the sole MP left in the race who offers a genuine fresh start. "Not every candidate would win an election, but time and time again the polls show that Penny is the candidate Labour fear the most. “MPs have a choice today - the same old or a new start for the Conservative Party. "Their colleagues, party members, and voters across the country are crying out for something new but only Penny Mordaunt can deliver that.” Conservative MPs will vote for their preferred candidates between 1 and 3pm. The contestant with the least support will then be eliminated, with the result unveiled at 4pm. The remaining two candidates will then have a month to make their case to the party membership before a new leader is announced on September 5.