Chelsea and Barcelona are said to be ‘at war’ as the two clubs battle to sign Sevilla defender Jules Kounde. The Blues had agreed a £55million deal to sign the defender but the Catalan giants have tried to hijack the move launching their own bid. Kounde has been Thomas Tuchel’s top target as he looks to improve the right-hand side of his back three. Chelsea are desperate to add new names to their backline having lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen in the summer with long-serving Spaniards Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso also linked with exits. The club had their bid accepted for the France international on Friday before Barcelona matched their offer shortly after. Kounde is understood to be keen on an extended stay in La Liga and would seriously consider their offer. However, the German is unprepared to give up on the player and is now reportedly planning talks with the Stamford Bridge hierarchy in order to encourage them to launch an improved offer according to the Spanish paper Sport. The publication also suggests the two clubs are now ‘at war’ as they battle for the centre-half. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa draw Barcelona have started to make a habit out of hijacking Chelsea for signings during the summer. The Stamford Bridge side agreed a £55m deal with Leeds for winger Raphinha earlier in the window before the Catalan giants swooped to tempt the Brazilian to the Nou Camp. They also tried to sabotage the Blues move for Kalidou Koulibaly but were unsuccessful. Tuchel has become more determined to add to his squad following the club’s poor pre-season tour of America which culminated in an embarrassing 4-0 defeat by Arsenal. The 48-year-old told reporters after the match that the performance just confirmed his beliefs about the season ahead. READ MORE: Man Utd can win Cristiano Ronaldo situation by pushing for swap deal (INSIGHT)Ronaldo agent wants to 'facilitate' two deals for Man Utd exit (NEWS)Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to make Ronaldo feel 'like a baby' (ANALYSIS) "The analysing of the season does not change because of this game,” the Chelsea boss said. “Unfortunately, it proved my point and the last week proves my point. I would prefer to not be right and I did everything to prove myself wrong, but at the moment I feel I was right when I look at the last season and at the parts of the game where we struggled and how we struggled. "We got sanctioned and players left us, we know that some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. We had an urgent appeal for quality players and a huge amount of quality players. We've got two quality players - that is no doubt - but we are not competitive like this and unfortunately, we could see it today."