As of last week, the bank’s personal current account customers are now able to open a Regular eSaver account which pays 2.50 percent interest. It is estimated that this will benefit 5.4 million customers of Santander who are based in the UK. Currently, the country’s inflation stands at 9.1 percent and is expected to rise even further in the coming months. This latest intervention from the bank comes as various other financial institutions have hiked their rates in a bid to support their customers during the current cost of living crisis. Hetal Parmar, the head of banking and savings at Santander UK, outlined why putting away money is crucial for a disastrous “rainy day”. Ms Parmar explained: “Saving is important to many people for their financial wellbeing, whether it’s for a rainy day, home renovations or something else. “Santander offers a range of savings accounts, now boosted by some of the best rates from a high street bank, to support millions of customers with their savings goals.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Other rate hikes by Santander affected the bank’s fixed rate bond and ISA savings accounts to further support its customers. The rate hikes were as follows: 1I2I3 exclusive savings accounts: Non-1I2I3 savings accounts:  Fixed Rate ISA accounts: Two Year Fixed Rate ISA are set to rise from from 1.30 percent to two percent AER/tax-free for two years. It should be noted that Santander has also confirmed new rates for its Easy Access eSaver, with rates going up from 0.25 percent to 0.75 percent. Furthermore, the bank’s Private eSaver will increase from 0.40 percent to 0.90 percent. Discussing how inflation affects savings, Nerdwallet’s personal finance export Connor Campbell shared what the best options are for savers. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Mr Campbell explained: “At this current rate of inflation, most Britons will be concerned about ensuring their savings are able to hold their value in the long term. “The extremely high rates of inflation currently being experienced can make this very difficult. "Despite this, there are some options available which may be able to help savers feel confident that their money is working as hard as possible for them. “Stock and Shares ISAs, for example, could be worthy of consideration. However, it’s important to stress that they do come with associated risks. “The performance of one’s ISA depends on the performance of their investments, so they can fluctuate according to economic volatility and could result in savers suffering permanent losses. “It is therefore important to consider one’s risk appetite before Britons lock their savings away.” Financial experts predict that the inflation rate could reach as high as 11 percent by the end fo the year, placing further pressure on households.