Chelsea defender Marcos Alonso could submit a transfer request to force a move to Barcelona this summer. The 31-year-old is in Barcelona's sights as Xavi Hernandez to the Premier League again for reinforcements, and he is interested in a return to Spain after 12 years away. Thomas Tuchel has already lost two first-team defenders this summer, both to La Liga as free agents. Antonio Rudiger has joined Real Madrid, while Barcelona have already taken one star out of Stamford Bridge in Andreas Christensen. So it's no surprise the German coach is reluctant to lose another. But according to Mundo Deportivo, Alonso only has his mind on a return to his homeland to be close to his family, and Barcelona are at the top of his destination wishlist. And amid Chelsea's current refusal to offload him one year before his contract expires, he is considering lodging a transfer request to help push the transfer through. However, Alonso wants to leave the Blues on good terms after achieving monumental levels of success during his time in west London. The left-wing-back has won the Premier League, FA Cup, Champions League, Europa League, UEFA Super Cup and Club World Cup since joining from Fiorentina in 2016. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's Bayern Munich move threatened as Germans eye star He is ready to resort to a transfer request, though, if Chelsea continue to show resistance to his departure after entering the final 12 months of his current deal. Doing so would allow the FA to intervene and mediate with the two parties in order to reach a satisfactory agreement over his future. Chelsea have so far refused his agent's attempts to seal a switch to Barcelona. The report claims that if that hasn't changed in the next few days, Alonso could go ahead with plans to submit an official request to leave Stamford Bridge in the summer transfer window. READ MORE: Newcastle step up transfer interest in 'the new Neymar' Xavi wants Alonso to arrive at Camp Nou and challenge Jordi Alba for a starting berth in his back line. Alba hasn't had elite competition at left-back since Lucas Digne, who left Barcelona for Everton in 2018. By joining the Blaugrana, Alonso would be turning his back on his Real Madrid roots. The Spain international made one appearance for Los Blancos after graduating from their academy but left for Bolton Wanderers in 2010. After three years in Lancashire, he landed in Italy for a stint at Fiorentina, during which he impressed on a season-long loan at Sunderland. Then followed his time at Chelsea. A roaring success, but a chapter he's looking to close.