Type 2 diabetes describes a chronic condition triggered by impaired insulin production. Your body struggles to either produce enough of the hormone called insulin, or the one that it does produce doesn’t work properly. Deprived of this key hormone, your blood glucose can reach dangerous heights. While your pancreas might not be able to produce insulin sufficiently, your diet could help control your blood sugar levels. According to research, one tasty drink that could help do just that is pomegranate juice. A study, published in the Current Developments in Nutrition journal, looked at the effects of consuming a single dose of eight-ounce pomegranate juice on blood glucose levels. The researchers recruited 21 healthy and “normal” weight individuals. READ MORE: Covid: The peculiar symptom that may be making a comeback - doctors reporting 'uptick' These participants were randomly told to drink either water, pomegranate juice, and a water-based drink to match the sugar content in pomegranate juice. After this regimen, the participants went through a week wash-out period followed by consuming the drinks they haven’t had before. The researchers also collected their fasting blood sugar before, and at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150 and 180 minutes after having the drink. In case you’re not aware, fasting blood sugar describes your glucose after an overnight fast.  The volunteers were also divided into two groups based on their fasting serum insulin levels. While the water intake didn’t change blood sugar levels in any participants, pomegranate juice brought promising results. Those with low fasting serum insulin experienced a “significant” drop in their blood glucose at 15 minutes. The study concluded that their findings suggest that components in pomegranate juice “likely” regulate people’s glucose metabolism. READ MORE: Dementia: The common vitamin deficiency associated with a more than 50% higher risk One of the potent parts of pomegranate juice is its high antioxidant content. Pomegranates are high in anthocyanins, pigments that give the juice its characteristic colour, and these goodies are rich in antioxidants. One of the theories is that antioxidants are able to bind with the sugar and prevent a big effect on your insulin levels. While the mechanisms behind pomegranate juice and blood sugar levels aren’t completely clear, there’s more research backing its effects. A study, published in the journal Nutrition Research, found that the dark juice was able to lower fasting serum glucose and decrease insulin resistance in those with type 2 diabetes. Similarly to the previous research, these results were obvious quite quickly, just three hours after enjoying the fruity drink. The main symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you suffer from any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk of the condition.   