Nigel Farage has given his verdict on Boris Johnson's time in office amid chaos at Downing Street following the Prime Minister's announcement that he intends to step down after an onslaught of Conservative ministerial resignations. Standing outside Number 10, Mr Farage took aim at the Johnson-era policy that had "really upset" him. Mr Farage told GB News: "This had to happen. "Number one trust integrity, decency, truthfulness, that's big. "But also on the policies which is the thing that really upsets me, they've gone so far away high taxes, big state, immigration running at record levels. "I mean, there's a list as long as your arm of the things they've done that just aren't consistent with what people expected."  Mr Johnson told cabinet ministers on Thursday the government would not seek to implement new policies or make major changes of direction while his Conservative Party elects a new leader, his office said. The Prime Minister, who said earlier on Thursday he would resign, told a meeting of his cabinet ministers the government would only focus on delivering the agenda on which it was elected. "He said major fiscal decisions should be left for the next prime minister," his office said following a cabinet meeting. Members of Cabinet were said to have paid tribute to Mr Johnson, thanking him for his service.  They highlighted achievements including delivering Brexit, the vaccine rollout, supporting people with the cost of living and his global leadership following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, No 10 said. Conservative politicians stayed tight-lipped as they left the Cabinet meeting Education Secretary James Cleverly ignored media questions about if he would run for leader as he left Downing Street. Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi held his head down and deliberately ignored calls from the waiting press as he determinedly walked out of Number 10. DON'T MISS 'It won't be me!' Hancock rules out running for next Tory leader [QUOTES]Boris Johnson may face another vote of confidence NEXT week [NEWS]Zahawi orders Boris to quit less than 36 HOURS after being made Chance [LATEST] Smiling Northern Ireland Secretary Shailesh Vara told reporters: "Good afternoon. I have got work to do and I am going to do it." Levelling Up Secretary Greg Clark and Welsh Secretary Sir Robert Buckland left Downing Street side-by-side. Each was clutching a red ministerial book and neither gave comment on the dramatic events of the past few days. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab, Environment Secretary George Eustice and Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries were straight-faced and silent as they left. There was a similar reaction from Baroness Evans, the leader of the House of Lords, as she left.