Ms Skabeyeva discussed former Formula 1 boss, Bernie Ecclestone's comments about taking a bullet for Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Russian state media host claimed that Putin was a first-class person despite Western critics who claim otherwise. And went on to state that Putin was doing everything for Russia, and claimed that the West were now panicking over Mr  Ecclestone's comments. Mr Ecclestone's statements have been condemned by Formula 1, racing champions and the British public. Ms Skabeyeva told Russia 1: "You won't believe it, friends and comrades, but it turns out Putin is a first-class person. "He's doing everything for Russia and now I'm quoting 'I'd take a bullet for him.' "The former head of Formula 1 made that remark on Good Morning Britain and on Talk TV. "Right now in Britain they're panicking, but it's worth it, watch this." JUST IN: 'Alarming!' Desperate parents dip into children's savings to pay for skyrocketing bills Mr Ecclestone was asked by Journalist Kate Garraway if he would disconnect from Putin following the invasion of Ukraine.  “The other person in Ukraine (Zelensky). His profession I understand used to be a comedian and I think he seems as if he wants to continue that profession. I think if he’d have thought about things he would have definitely made a big enough effort to speak to Mr Putin who is a sensible person and would have listened to him and probably done something about it.” He also claimed the subsequent deaths from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine weren't “intentional”.  READMORE: Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre - Police confirm several injured     Mr Ecclestone has faced major backlash from the West over his support for Russian President Vladimir Putin due to his illegal invasion of Ukraine. The former Formula 1 boss has previously sat next to Putin when he attended Formula 1 racing tournaments. And the pair have been reported to have a long-term friendship, but Mr Ecclestone has refused to tell the public when he last had contact with Putin. Mr Ecclestone has also been accused of racism. due to him defending Nelson Piquet's comments about Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton. DON’T MISS: Queen fed up with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn'[INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: 'New era of uncertainty' Germany & Ireland rage as Truss plot set for debate [REVEAL] 'All options on the table' Germany ambassador warns EU to hit out if Brexit deal ignored [SPOTLIGHT]     Formula 1 fans and those against the Russian invasion of Ukraine pushed for Mr Ecclestone to take back his comments, but he has refused to back down and apologise. 