Arsenal are bracing themselves for a bid from Juventus as the Italian giants are preparing to make a bid for centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes. The Bianconeri are set to offer a fee plus two unwanted players in an attempt to test the Gunners’ resolve this summer. The Serie A outfit have turned their attention to Gabriel after missing out on several defensive targets to replace Matthijs de Ligt, who is edging closer to joining Bayern Munich. Kalidou Koulibaly was their first choice, but the Senegalese is set to sign for Chelsea in a £34million deal. And that has encouraged head coach Max Allegri to move onto his next target, with their long-standing interest in Gabriel not a secret. According to a report from Calciomercatoweb, the club are launching a first official bid of €30m (£25.3m) with two players — Adrien Rabiot and Arthur Melo — included as part-exchange and are 'confident' in their pursuit. Mikel Arteta will be keen to retain the services of the Brazilian, who forged a strong partnership with Ben White at the heart of their defence last season. The 24-year-old also has a significant time remaining on his contract, which is due to expire in 2025. READ MORE: Arsenal urged to make four more signings or risk finishing below Spurs And that could see the north London side demand a huge fee for a defender regarded as an important part of Arteta’s plans, even if he makes it clear he wants to leave. Gabriel made 35 appearances in the Premier League last season and contributed an impressive five goals after settling into life in England, highlighting his value. The Spaniard has already made three signings this summer after capturing Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira and Matt Turner. But he is hoping to strengthen his squad further by bringing in a left-back and central midfielder, which means a sale should not be completely ruled out. Juve’s offer could appeal with both Rabiot and Arthur adept in the central midfield role. Rabiot, who has been linked with Arsenal in the past, has fallen out of favour at the Allianz Stadium and could be tempted by a move to the Premier League. DON'T MISSMan Utd and Arsenal considering £30m swoop for ex-Tottenham starArsenal might have secret weapon in Lucas Paqueta transfer pursuitMertesacker hints at double Arsenal exit after Saliba message Arthur’s situation is not as clear cut, with Juve only willing to let him go on a one-year loan. The two clubs had been in negotiations in January over a similar agreement, but the deal fell apart when Arsenal refused to budge on their preference for a six-month loan with no obligation to buy. However, losing Gabriel with the new campaign only four weeks away would be a blow and a difficult void to fill in the Arsenal backline. The £25m fee is only fractionally more than what Arsenal paid for the former Lille man in 2020 and would certainly struggle to find a player of his calibre for a similar amount. Arteta does have William Saliba, who joined their pre-season tour of the USA, available to step in should Gabriel decide to head for the exit, although the 21-year-old is yet to make a senior appearance for the club.