All summer the weather has been hit and miss, with some days giving glorious sunshine and others no different from a soggy autumn afternoon. Luckily, better weather is coming for many of us who will be able to enjoy hotter temperatures starting next week. From the middle of next week, temperatures are expected to rise to 30C in many parts of the UK and some areas will go even higher. Dry and settled weather will be the norm for many people as rain becomes less likely over the next few weeks. It is predicted that temperatures will be at about average for the rest of July, but this could become warmer as the month goes on. READ MORE: Italy drought reveals sunken SHIPS in dried up river According to weather forecast WX Charts, this summer could see plenty of nice days and fine weather. Temperatures in London and the south are set to reach up to 30C on around July 12 while the north will see highs of 25C, and Scotland 24C. This is similar to 2021 when several days in July peaked at plus 30C offering plenty of sunshine to enjoy. Before that, on Sunday, July 10, temperatures will peak in London at about 28C and slightly lower in other parts of the country.  The highest temperature ever recorded in the UK was in Cambridge Botanic Garden when a record 38.7C hit the area in 2019. Wales’ record temperature was recorded thirty years earlier, in August 1990, when Hawarden Bridge reached 35.2C. In Scotland, the highest temperature on record was noted in August 2003 at 32.9C in Greycrook. And in Northern Ireland 31.3C was recorded in Castlederg in July 2021, one of the UK’s more recent extreme climate records. DON'T MISS:Where is the safest place in the UK during nuclear war? Top 20 areas [INSIGHT]'Frankly traumatised' Ryanair fury as 'more than 100 people' STRANDED [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry lashes out at ‘world consumed by conflict and anger’  [REACTION] The outlook for the rest of July remains positive and the weather is likely to stay settled during the period. The Met Office stated: “Higher pressure is likely to continue bringing fine and settled weather throughout the rest of July, extending more widely across the UK. “However, we may see some less settled weather for a time at the start of this period. Temperatures will be near or above normal, becoming warmer throughout July. “We may see some very warm or hot temperatures, especially across the south.”