During Monday's classic episode of ITV's The Chase, contestants Matt, Karen, Becky, and Jim all faced Chaser Jenny Ryan for a chance to win a life-changing sum of money. After Matt and Karen both had successful cash-builder rounds, Bradley began to feel excited about his team. But it came crashing down when Becky struggled through hers, leaving the host to take a cheeky swipe at her. Stepping up for her cash-builder round, Becky only managed to get £1,000 and struggled to give a correct answer for many of the questions. As the round ended, Becky exclaimed: "Oh my god, that was so bad. I am so sorry!" before turning to her teammates. Looking bluntly at Becky in disappointment, Bradley quipped: "A thousand..." Not sensing the tone, Becky excitedly shouted: "Yay! I got one!" but Bradley couldn't let it go and added: "Did you say a mock chameleon?" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change "I thought you said a C, so I said Chameleon?" Becky hit back, confused at the error Bradley was alluding to. He clarified: "What sea creature..." with the ball finally dropping for Becky as she realised what she had done to get the question wrong. "Oh, sea! I thought you meant C," she giggled, and Bradley asked: "Oh, what the letter C! As opposed to the liquid? "Becky, it's time to face the Chaser," he laughed before turning to Jenny, who was sitting at the top of the table. Jenny jumped onto the joke and teased: "Hello Becky, the barking dog owner, I think you are a bit of a chameleon yourself, you look like a quizzer, but maybe your not?" Bradley laughed at her bluntness and repeated: "You look like a quizzer, but maybe you're not!" Jenny offered Becky a lower offer of -£5,000 and a higher offer of £50,000, which she discussed with her teammates. They all agreed that it was better for her to feel comfortable and make it back as a team, so she decided to take the £1,000 she had won. DON'T MISS...The Chase viewers confused over 'obscure' questions [WATCH]Mark Labbett left with head in his hands over Bradley Walsh's joke [LATEST]Bradley Walsh hits out at Anne Hegerty over 'team dummy' remark  [INSIGHT] Matt was first up and managed to build a staggering £10,000 in his cash-builder round, which even Bradley was impressed with. Jenny offered a lower amount of £3,000 and a high offer of £50,000, which Bradley tried to encourage him to take. However, Matt and the team decided to stick with the £10,000 he had built, leaving Bradley disappointed in his decision. Karen was second and built £4,000, also deciding to stick with her amount despite Jenny offering up the £50,000 once again. Jim was the last contestant to face Jenny and decided to play for the £6,000 he had built to give the team the best chance of a full house. His decision paid off as the full team went through to the Final Chase and managed to get 19 steps ahead of the Chaser. However, Jenny was on top form and only got one question wrong, and despite the team pushing her back, she caught them with just 17 seconds to spare. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.