The Lotus Flower Tiara is one of three tiaras Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has worn publicly since becoming a member of the Royal Family in 2011. Before the Duchess fell in love with the piece, however, the diadem was worn frequently by the Queen's late sister Princess Margaret and the Queen Mother, who first commissioned it from the royal jeweller, Garrard.  The Lotus Flower Tiara was crafted from the gems of a wedding necklace the Queen Mother had been gifted in 1923 by her husband, King George VI. Adele Narcisi, Gemmologist & Design Consultation at Queensmith, said the Lotus Flower Tiara is "embellished" with lots of sparkling elements. She explained: "The Lotus Flower Tiara is a slightly more subtle design that is incredibly evocative of the 1920s era in which it was made. "A main lotus flower shape sits at the centre of the piece, embellished of course with diamonds.  READ MORE: 'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes "Ornate pearls complete the piece, dotted along the top of the diamond lotus flowers." Fittingly for the time, the tiara can be worn in a different style to some of the more classical tiaras in the royal collection. Ms Narcisi added: "First designed to sit low, over the forehead in true 1920s fashion, the piece has since been worn by a number of royals, including Kate Middleton, high on the crown of the head." Like many of the tiaras in the Queen's extensive collection, the Lotus Flower Tiara is likely worth a seven-figure sum.   The jewellery expert added: "This sweet tiara, which is far more understated than many of the royal jewels, still carries a hefty price tag. "The Lotus Flower Tiara is estimated to be valued between £3 to £4million." Notably, Kate wore the Lotus Flower Tiara for the state visit of China's President Xi Jinping in 2015. The other tiara the Duchess of Cambridge turns to time and again is the Lover's Knot Tiara, an elegant diadem featuring several pearl drops.  DON'T MISS:Meander Tiara: Zara Tindall's 'glamorous' wedding tribute to Philip [INSIGHT]The best pictures of Princess Diana wearing her heirloom Spencer Tiara [PICTURES]Lady Louise can't wear a tiara until she hits a key milestone [EXPLAINER] The Lover's Knot Tiara was a firm favourite of Kate's late mother-in-law, Princess Diana, who often wore it to formal events while a member of the Royal Family. However, Kate's first royal tiara was the Cartier Halo Tiara, which she wore on her wedding day in 2011. Known for its elegant scrollwork and dainty features, the Cartier Halo Tiara was previously worn by the Queen Mother, Princess Margaret and Princess Anne. Kate hasn't been pictured wearing the diadem publicly since her wedding day. 