Earlier this year, the Queen expressed her "sincere wish" for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King. Although the Duchess, who turns 75 on Sunday, was "very honoured" when the Queen annouced her wish, it has been suggested that Camilla previously "didn't want the whole monarchy" and that she "just wanted to be with the man she loved". Speaking on the latest Palace Confidential, Daily Mail's royal editor Rebecca English discussed Camilla's feelings towards her role within The Firm. Speaking via video link on the show, Ms English spoke of a personal ecounter she had with the Duchess of Cornwall. Upon having to leave a work trip early, Rebecca remembered that the Duchess apologised after hearing she was travelling home. She recalls the Duchess saying to her: "I don't think people realise how terryifing doing this job is. "You know, you get out of a car and there's flashlights going off everywhere and there's a sea of faces. READ MORE: Kate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' in bid to avoid 'problems "Occasionally it's nice to catch the eye of somebody that you recognise, it just makes it feel a little bit less intimidating". Ms English said: "I think that's something that would surprise people who felt that this is what Camilla wanted all along. "Actually, I think the truth of it is that she isn't, she didn't want the whole monarchy, she didn't want the Queen Consort, what she wanted to be, was with the man she loved. "Unfortunately, for her that all comes with a job." She added: "So, what I think she's done is she has learned to accept it. READ MORE: Queen told aides ‘Thank goodness Meghan is not coming’ on day of Philip’s funeral "She's very determined and she's decided, look, if I'm going to do this job, I'm going to do it well. "I think that's what people have seen change over the years". The beginning of Camilla and Charles' relationship was anything but smooth sailing. DON'T MISS Throughout their respective marriages, the two went on to maintain their close friendship. It took almost 30 years for them to publicly and officially become a couple. The wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla took place in a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall in April 2005. READ NEXT: