As the Queen's sister, the late Princess Margaret had her pick of all of the royal tiaras for her wedding day in 1960. But always her own woman, Margaret opted for a tall diadem for her foray down the aisle that she had purchased herself. Mike Shotton, Jewellery Expert at Acotis Diamonds, said: "Princess Margaret wore the Politmore Tiara on one of the most important days of her life: her marriage to Antony Armstrong-Jones. "Intrigued, the British people discover this new piece of jewellery and immediately associate it with the rebellious princess [who chose] to wear her own tiara (purchased for £5,500 at an auction) over one in the fine collection of the Crown." Margaret had actually been spotted wearing the tiara before she was even married, despite the fact most royal brides wait until their wedding day to wear one. The Princess continued to wear the Poltimore Tiara throughout her life for important state events and parties, and she was said to have liked the tiara's impressive height. READ MORE: Sophie stuns in blue dress as Wessexes visit Commonwealth Games She often wore the stellar piece on top of elaborate high hairdos, usually with a pair of statement earrings for added dramatic effect. The tiara also famously appeared in a rather scandalous snap of Margaret in the bathtub which was taken by her then-husband. Utterly bedecked in diamonds, the tiara is famed for its grand design and elaborate pattern. As well as being worn as a diadem, the Poltimore Tiara can also be worn as several other pieces of jewellery.   Mr Shotton added: "The Poltimore Tiara gets its name from its original owner: Florence Bampfylde, Lady Poltimore. "It was made for Lady Poltimore by Garrard around 1870, and it can be either worn as a tiara or broken down into a necklace and a whopping eleven brooches. "With its circle made of silver and gold and its diamond arabesques representing English flora, this piece of jewellery perfectly symbolizes the good taste of the Victorian era." The Poltimore Tiara is no longer in the possession of Margaret's two children, Earl Snowdon and Lady Sarah Chatto.  DON'T MISS:Lady Kitty Spencer broke with family tiara tradition on wedding day [INSIGHT]3 tiaras Lilibet could wear when she gets married - including Diana's [PICTURES]The Queen's 'famous diamond diadem' on the postage stamp is worth £6m [ANALYSIS] Shortly after Margaret died in 2002, the Poltimore Tiara was sold at auction for a sum above £900,000. But experts now believe the piece could be worth up to £3million. Since a replica of the piece appeared in the hit Netflix royal drama, The Crown, the stunning tiara has earned recognition among a new generation of royal fans. Margaret also wore the Cartier Halo Tiara and the Lotus Flower Tiara from the Queen's collection frequently over her lifetime, two pieces now beloved by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. 