Nick Kyrgios’ Wimbledon quarter-final opponent has disagreed with Stefanos Tsitsipas’ claims and branded the Aussie “good for tennis”. The Greek ripped into the world No 40 after their fiery third-round clash on Saturday night, branding Kyrgios a “bully” and claiming he had “a very evil side to him”. But it appears not everyone in the locker room agrees as Cristian Garin was quick to pile praise on his opponent. Kyrgios is back in the Wimbledon quarter-finals eight years after making his first appearance as a teenage wildcard. En route to the last-eight he defeated fourth seed Tsitsipas before overcoming American Brandon Nakashima in five sets but his run hasn’t come without controversy, with the 27-year-old already hit with two fines during the tournament. The former world No 13 hit a ball out of the court, complained about line officials and spat in the direction of a spectator in his opening match over Paul Jubb before finding himself in the heat of an explosive match against Tsitsipas, which saw both men fined and given code violations while the 23-year-old smashed a ball into the stands and was given a point penalty. Kyrgios has since received a barrage of criticism for his antics in both matches but his next opponent doesn’t appear to agree with Tsitsipas and others that have slammed the world No 40, instead lauding him as one of the sport’s “best” players. “I think Nick is very good player obviously,” Garin said after saving match points to beat Kyrgios’ countryman Alex De Minaur. JUST IN: McEnroe gives clear verdict on Nadal injury as star eyes Wimbledon win  “For me maybe the best serve on tour. Yeah, I'm in quarter-finals. You know you will play the best players in the world.” And on a personal level, the Chilean also thought Kyrgios made for entertaining viewing as he claimed:  “He is for me one of the guys that I like to watch. He's very good for tennis.” Kyrgios and Garin’s quarter-final will be an unseeded affair, with the players ranked at world No 40 and 43 respectively. But the 26-year-old made a bold claim about the Australian as he thought Kyrgios deserved to be well above his position in the rankings. “I think Nick has to be seeded because he for me is one of the best players on the tour and on grass obviously,” he added. DON'T MISS 'Cannot do that' - Rafael Nadal Wimbledon spat boils overKyrgios warned of 'letter in locker' after donning red at WimbledonKyrgios leaned on Nadal experience to help him through injury for win   “For me maybe the best serve on tour. Yeah, I'm in quarter-finals. You know you will play the best players in the world.” And on a personal level, the Chilean also thought Kyrgios made for entertaining viewing as he claimed:  “He is for me one of the guys that I like to watch. He's very good for tennis.”  Kyrgios and Garin’s quarter-final will be an unseeded affair, with the players ranked at world No 40 and 43 respectively. But the 26-year-old made a bold claim about the Australian as he thought Kyrgios deserved to be well above his position in the rankings. “I think Nick has to be seeded because he for me is one of the best players on the tour and on grass obviously,” he added.  Garin was set to play last year’s finalist Matteo Berrettini in the opening round before the Italian was forced to pull out of the tournament with Covid, having been on an undefeated streak on the grass this year. And Kyrgios himself could sense the opportunity of facing the man who benefitted from Berrettini’s withdrawal. “Yeah, I look at it as a big opportunity. Garin is obviously playing great tennis. I walked on Centre Court today with seeing the score two-sets-to-love De Minaur. They were in a battle. I was expecting to play Alex. I think Alex is a bit more comfortable on the grass. Then when I walked off the court and I got told it was Garin. It was surprising.” 