The Opposition party is set to table a motion for a vote to take place tomorrow. Sir Keir vowed to take action if the Conservatives did not force Mr Johnson to stand down as Prime Minister yesterday. Labour said it was untenable for the incumbent of No10 to remain in his position while the Tories held a leadership contest. Sir Keir said today: "Labour is laying a vote of no confidence in this caretaker Prime Minister and his government. The Tory party has at last concluded that the Prime Minister is unfit for office, that was blindingly obvious a very, very long time ago. He is leaving because his own party has concluded that he can’t be trusted. "They can’t now let him cling on for weeks, and weeks, and weeks until the 5th of September. It would be intolerable for the country. "Since the Tories have failed to act in the national interest, Labour will. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG "We have put down a vote of no confidence, and challenged any Tory MP who in the last few days has said - 'I can’t serve Boris Johnson because you can’t trust a word the man says'. 'I can’t go on the media because the lines he gives us always unravel.'  "Can they really vote to say he should stay in power for another few weeks? “We’re challenging them to put their constituents first, and put the country first."  A number of Tory MPs were also uneasy about Mr Johnson remaining as Prime Minister and publicly called on him to step aside so a caretaker can be appointed. Last night, the Conservative party's 1922 committee, which determines the rules of leadership elections, considered whether to require the incumbent to quit while the contest took place. However, they ultimately decided to let him continue serving as Prime Minister until a new leader for the party is appointed. DON'T MISS:Priti Patel meets Brexiteers as she mulls Tory leadership bid [INSIGHT]Zahawi's leadership speech plunged into chaos as crowd member FAINTS [UPDATE]Tory Party risks IMPLODING in blood-thirsty leadership race [ANALYSIS] Sir Keir is understood to have concluded to plough ahead with tabling the confidence motion last night once it became clear the Tories would not prematurely oust Mr Johnson. The no-confidence motion means MPs from all the parties represented in parliament can vote on whether the Government should continue in office. If the Government loses the vote, it could trigger a general election.  It is unlikely Tory MPs will back Labour in the vote. However, a Labour source said: “It will put the squeeze on backbench Tories to either vote for him, and be hypocrites, or back Labour, admitting we were right. “Do all those Tory leadership candidates really want to be answering that question next week? They know he needs to go.” The 1922 committee has sought to fast-track the Tory leadership contest in order to replace Mr Johnson as quickly as possible. Candidates will need the support of at least 20 Conservative MPs to proceed to the first round of votes on Wednesday. The crowded field of 11 hopefuls could even be whittled down to a final two by next Monday, with the wider party membership then consulted over who should take charge. "I am very keen we get this concluded as smoothly, cleanly, and rapidly as possible," said Sir Graham Brady, the committee's chair last night. A new leader is expected to be chosen on September 5.