On Monday, Meghan Markle proudly watched her husband Prince Harry as he delivered a keynote speech at an informal gathering of the United Nations (UN) General Assembly. Harry and Meghan flew to New York City to attend the meeting, which marks Nelson Mandela Day, and that was established by the UN in 2009 to honour the late South African President. The Duke of Sussex spoke about climate change and poverty, making references to Mr Mandela's life and legacy and what has been learnt from the late president's struggle. Their important outing comes amid a media frenzy surrounding an upcoming book which focuses on the Sussexes’ relationship with the Royal Family.Tom Bower is the author of ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors’, a bombshell biography which chronicles the breakdown of relations between the Duke and Duchess and the Royal House of Windsor.  However, it is not just tension among family members that Mr Bower has delved into, as the investigative journalist also revealed that Meghan faced struggles when meeting the prince’s friends.In a serialisation in The Times, Mr Bower details a weekend get-together Harry threw to introduce his new girlfriend to his old friends. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry engagement interview is when things started to ‘sour’ – expert The prince invited 16 pals — mostly school friends from Eton with their wives or girlfriends — for a weekend shoot at Sandringham.He wrote: “All of them were employed by international banks and auction houses or were estate owners and racehorse trainers.“All were bonded by common assumptions, principles and loyalties.“Like other shooting weekends, Harry was looking forward to endless banter, jokes — and a lot of drinking. “He had not anticipated Meghan’s reaction. Their jokes involving sexism, feminism and transgender people ricocheted around the living-rooms and dining-rooms. “Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. “According to some of Harry’s friends, again and again she reprimanded them about the slightest inappropriate nuance. Nobody was exempt. “Harry’s world would not be her world.” Mr Bower went on to say that some of Harry’s friends “questioned Meghan’s ‘wokery’”. He added: “Meghan was a dampener on the party, they concluded. “She lacked any sense of humour. Driving home after Sunday lunch, the texts pinged between the cars: ‘OMG what about HER?’ said one; ‘Harry must be f***ing nuts.’” Meghan and Harry started dating in July 2016 having been set up on a blind date by a mutual friend. The pair are said to have immediately clicked and embarked on a whirlwind courtship throughout the summer. DON'T MISS In an interview with James Corden on his late night TV show in February 2021, the Duke recalled how serious the pair got within their first two months of dating. Harry told the host: "The second date I was starting to think: This is pretty special. "Dating with me, or with any member of the Royal Family I guess, is kind of flipped upside down. "All the dates become dinners or watching the TV or chatting at home. And then eventually, once you become a couple you venture out to dinners, to the cinema, and everything else. So, everything was done back to front with us." He added: "There were no distractions, and that was great, that was an amazing thing. We went from zero to 60 like in the first two months.” After a few months of dating, Meghan and Harry’s romance became public knowledge after The Sunday Express reported that the former rebel prince was dating American actress, philanthropist, and blogger Meghan. A source told the publication that he was "happier than he's been for many years." By November 2017, Meghan and Harry were engaged, and in May 2018, the world watched the new royal couple make it official in a spectacular wedding ceremony at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. According to royal author Omid Scobie, a number of his old friends "didn't make the cut" for his and Meghan's evening wedding reception, namely the prince’s Eton chum Tom Inskip who reportedly told friends "Meghan has changed Harry too much" and concluded that "we've lost him". Writing in Finding Freedom, Mr Scobie and co-author Carolyn Durand said: "Notably absent were Skippy, Harry's old friend, who had questioned the prince's relationship with Meghan, and his wife, Lara. "They were invited to the wedding ceremony and lunchtime reception but didn't make the cut for the evening bash.” The authors added: "Many of Harry's old friends said that the evening guest list was the prince and his bride's way of saying: 'These are the people we want in our lives moving forward.'" Meghan and Harry relocated to the US in 2020 following their shock exit from the Firm. They now reside in Montecito, California with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. The family returned to the UK together for the first time last month to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.