Jonathan Ross has told how he was a "parent figure" to his wife Jane Goldman when they first met because of their age difference. The talk show host, 61, is 10 years older than his wife of 34 years, and in an unearthed interview, opened up on the dynamic of the relationship at the start of their marriage. Ross and Jane met when he was 26 and she was 16 while at an event. At the time, Jane was starting out in her career as a showbiz reporter when she met the funnyman. Seven years ago, Ross appeared on ITV's Loose Women to discuss his relationship with his wife of 34 years. He confessed that after getting married two years after meeting he acted as both husband and parent to Jane. READ MORE: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby Ross said: "When we first got together, she was very young. "I wasn't that old but I was considerably older and she came straight from home with her parents “And I think the relationship carried on, I was sort of a parent figure as well as a husband," he explained to the panel. Elsewhere, Jane spoke about meeting her beau for the first time, revealing that their first encounter is a blur. She said: "I met Jonathan at some sort of promotional event “He’d just started his show The Last Resort. He’d only been doing it for two weeks, I think. “I can’t remember what we talked about. I wish I could," she admitted. "Honey’s always asking me that, but I really can’t remember," she said to The Times in 2012. DON'T MISS... James Caan dead: The Godfather star dies aged 82 [BREAKING]Alicia Silverstone brands Natalie Portman's Clueless outfit 'stunning' [UPDATE]Michael Caine, 89, supported by assistant while using walking frame [ANALYSIS] After marrying in 1988, the couple went on to have three children, Betty, Harvey Kiry and Honey Kinny. It comes as Ross revealed he was once propositioned by a Hollywood star he never could have imagined might swing both ways. The TV personality spoke fondly of the fellow star, who he has declined to name, but shared that the pair had bonded over European cinema before the other man in question made his move. However, despite being invited on a date that he says could have made a great story for the future, he decided not to go. "I think he was someone who always swung in each direction, but Hollywood being what it was, he wasn’t out there," Jonathan mused on Alan Carr's podcast show, Life's A Beach. "He asked me on a date because we were discussing Pedro Almodovar – a brilliant director, and an openly gay man," he continued. "And I think it was my love and knowledge of foreign films, [in] particular his genre, his canon of work, that made him think I was up for a little bit of action. "Maybe I should have gone!" he joked.