Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) has won over the residents of Coronation Street with his charismatic personality but in Wednesday's instalment, his arrogance took over when it came to a confrontation with Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). The businessman's family thought they knew everything about him and he had simply returned to help them with his mother, Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls). However, it could be in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap that it will be revealed he has a secret son in Aaron (James Craven) and he could be directing his anger towards the youngster. The latest episode of the show started with Aaron telling Kevin he had fixed Stephen's car after the businessman said he needed it fixing as soon as possible. If they are father and son, the two characters haven't made it known in public as Stephen could have told his child he didn't want his family to know about him. With the youngster having thought he had sorted the issue with the car, he was horrified to discover his work had been in vein. Stephen turned up at the garage to berate the youngster and Kevin for making him late for a meeting and he demanded the latter follow him to fix the vehicle immediately. Aaron left the mechanic in the lurch as he had to go somewhere, which viewers thought was to see Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) but he ended up turning up to his lunch date with his girlfriend bruised. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming It could have been Aaron made a quick stop to see Stephen to apologise for the mistake before Kevin arrived but the youngster would have felt the full force of his father's anger. Stephen could have dragged him into an alleyway and beaten his son before letting him go before Kevin arrived so no one discovered their connection. Aaron was coy about the details when Summer quizzed him about his injuries and it seemed he lied to her by telling her he was jumped. Later on in the episode, Aaron apologised to his girlfriend for being so blunt with her and he seemed a lot happier, which was probably because his father was too busy dealing with Kevin's outburst than him. However, when Aaron went back to Summer's place, it wasn't long before an unknown character called him and left him shaken by their request. Answering his phone, Aaron was confused as it seemed the person wanted to see him at a specific time, to which he replied: "I'm sorry. "I will come now," he added before someone seemed to issue a threat as he said: "Please, don't. I will come now, right now. "I'm sorry. It was my mistake. I got mixed up," he continued, with the person on the other end of the phone getting cut off. Summer reentered the room and feeling immensely guilty, Aaron made his excuses and left so he could go to this meeting. It was never revealed who the youngster met up with but by the end of the episode, Stephen was at the police station ready to report Kevin for the damage he did to his car. DON'T MISS...Alan Halsall: How the soap star dealt with extreme hair loss [COMMENT]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [COMMENT]Corrie's Tony Maudsley in narrow escape as tree comes 'crashing down' [COMMENT] Stephen could have been the person at the end of the call, telling Aaron he was going to report Kevin to the police and they would charge him. With the mechanic having taken a chance on him with the job, Aaron will not have wanted to see his boss get into trouble. Therefore, he could have pleaded with his father not to be too hasty but he might have been too late because he was hanging out with Summer. Will anyone realise the link between Stephen and Aaron or will the pair continue to hide their true relationship from their new neighbours? And will anyone realise the damage Stephen is doing to his son before it's too late? Speaking upon his return to the show, the actor who plays Stephen, Todd, hinted his character would be hiding secrets. Todd explained: "The beauty of his connections is that we have heard him mentioned and the viewers know he is a successful businessman. "He has had companies in Canada and Milan and I have been told that he has been married in the meantime, so it will be interesting to see if she is still around. "I was interested to see Stephen at this age now and how he has changed and how he would be with the family. "And what is interesting is that actually very little changes inside us. And then it’s also intriguing because of the dynamic with the rest of the family." Todd added: "Because he very quickly becomes Audrey’s voice and he very quickly steps into that sort of man of the house role and he’s doing everyone a favour because he can. And he’s got the money. "I am excited to see people’s reaction and what they think of Stephen and whether they’re suspicious of what he’s up to. "He has an eye for the ladies so that should be fun and there will be friction between him and the wider family, watch this space." Could this be they will discover his connection to Aaron and will they accept the youngster with open arms? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.