Novak Djokovic takes on Nick Kyrigos at his eighth Wimbledon final today. The sports champion's wife has since spoken out about her husband just hours before he took to centre court for the nail-biting final. Jelena Djokovic, who married the tennis ace in July 2014, is no stranger to Wimbledon and often cheers on her husband at his matches. The 35-year-old offered to take her husband down memory lane as she shared a series of unearthed photos of the couple as they marked a milestone. The mum-of-two praised her other half as he marked the Wimbledon final on the same day as the couple celebrated their anniversary. In view of her 587,000 followers, Jelena penned: "8 years married out of 17 years of growing up together #nottoobad #nevergettingold #love." READ MORE: Sue Barker in high spirits in final farewell at Wimbledon men's final She then shared the hashtags: "#weddinganniversary #irunwithmywolf," before adding: "Aaaaand today my boy is playing FINALS OF WIMBLEDON!!" Social media users flocked to the comment section as they offered their well wishes to the happy couple. Novak fan penned: "Happy anniversary to you two wonderful souls." Marina penned: "Happy anniversary beautiful! I’m in love with your love!"  Lau remarked: "Congratulations! Good luck to Novak today." Nemz commented: "Love you two, now let's bring that [trophy emoji] home." Nole stans added: "Meaning of soulmates!!!! Happy anniversary Jelena and Nole! The most beautiful. We love you guys. Hopefully two celebrations today." Entrepreneur Jelena married tennis champion Novak in July 2014. DON'T MISS... Bear Grylls and rarely-seen wife put on loved up display at Wimbledon[LATEST]Lord Sugar blasts BBC coverage over no male' host at Women's Euros[TWITTER]'Like a dog with an itch' Johnny Depp appears to blast Amber Heard[MUSIC] The couple shares two children together, Stefan, seven, and Tara, four - and they're frequently spotted supporting their father. Following her heartwarming post, Novak's wife shared a number of congratulatory messages she had received from pals. Jelena accompanied the warm post with a series of photos of the happy couple over the years. Novak has previously opened up about the pair's relationship and admitted his wife can find his career "stressful". "She runs with the wolf,” the Serbian ace explained simply at his on-court interview in Flushing Meadow. "It can be very stressful to run with the wolf. I know that she doesn’t enjoy it at all times. “It’s kind of living on the edge with the wolf," he said. However, the tennis ace added appreciatively: "I love her, she’s my great support.”