Brazilian MMA legend Rafael Dos Anjos takes on fast-rising Azerbaijani contender Rafael Fiziev at UFC Vegas 58 this weekend. The winner of the contest takes one step closer to a world title shot in a lightweight division that is currently without a champion after former title holder Charles Oliveira was stripped for missing weight in May. Dos Anjos, 37, is back on course for a second run at the lightweight crown having held the strap between 2015 and 2016. After a stint at welterweight ‘RDA’ returned to the 155lb division in 2020 with back-to-back victories over Paul Felder and Renato Moicano. Those wins secured him a No 7 rank in the lightweight division and placed him back into championship contention. Fiziev, 29, is on a five-fight winning streak inside the UFC Octagon and is currently ranked No 10 in the weight class. ‘Ataman’ lost his promotional debut to Magomed Mustafaev in 2019 but has been an absolute tear ever since. Wins over Alex White, Marc Diakiese, Renato Moicano, Bobby Green, and Brad Riddell have led to the match-up with Dos Anjos who serves as Fiziev’s toughest test to date. Date and venue The event will take place on Saturday 9 July at the UFC Apex facility in Enterprise, Nevada. Fight times and Tv channel/live stream The prelims will start at 11pm UK time with the main card starting at 2am on Sunday 10 July. The event will be aired live on BT Sport in the UK, with subscribers also able to stream the action via the broadcaster’s app and website on smart TVs, phones, and tablets. In the US, ESPN+ will stream the action live, as will the UFC’s Fight Pass. Betting Odds Dos Anjos win 7/4 Fiziev win 2/5 Draw 50/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at time of publication MORE UFC NEWS... Nate Diaz slaps reporter who 'talked smack' as Jake Paul fight looms McGregor fires cheeky shot at Khabib after UFC Hall of Fame induction Max Holloway rushed to hospital after sustaining horror cut  Full card Main card Rafael dos Anjos vs Rafael Fiziev (Lightweight) Caio Borralho vs Armen Petrosyan (Middleweight) Douglas Silva de Andrade vs Said Nurmagomedov (Bantamweight) Jared Vanderaa vs Chase Sherman (Heavyweight) Michael Johnson vs Jamie Mullarkey (Lightweight) Prelims Cynthia Calvillo vs Nina Nunes (Women’s flyweight) Aiemann Zahabi vs Ricky Turcios (Bantamweight) Antonina Shevchenkov vs Cortney Casey (Women’s flyweight) Cody Brundage vs Tresean Gore (Middleweight) Kennedy Nzechukwu vs Karl Roberson (Light heavyweight) Ronnie Lawrence vs Saidyokub Kakhramonov (Bantamweight) David Onama vs Garrett Armfield (Featherweight) *Running order subject to change