Members of the 1922 Committee will make a decision next week on whether to allow an immediate vote of confidence in the Prime Minister. It comes as a delegation of ministers are meeting the Prime Minister reportedly urrging him to go. A source has told Express.co.uk that chairman Sir Graham  Brady also plans to meet the Prime Minister and tell him he has to go. It is understood that if Mr Johnson refuses the rules will be changed to allow an immediate vote ensuring that rebels do not need to win an election to the committee next week. Sir Graham is now understood to have enough letters from angry Tory MPs to hold the vote straight away and it is expected the Prime Minister will lose. Before the 1922 Committee meeting today, one senior Conservative MP said: "It will be a simple choice for Boris. Either he goes with a last bit of credibility, or he is forced out in ignominy. "The men in grey suits will visit him and that will be the end. "Nobody wants to wait a week for this to drag on." The revelation follows more than 30 ministers quitting the Government led by Health Secretary Sajid Javid and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. It is understood that Mr Sunak’s replacement Nadhim Zahawi also came close to resigning but agreed to stay when offered the job of Chancellor. Under the current rules a Conservative leader can only face a vote of no confidence once every 12 months. As Mr Johnson survived one last month he should be able to survive until next year. But with letters asking for a vote going in from Tory MPs to Sir Graham and the government apparently in chaos pressure is mounting for a rule change. READ MORE: The exact number of resignations Boris Johnson cannot return from A slate of rebel Tory MPs had planned to stand in next week’s committee election to ensure the rules were changed. The final straw for many previously loyal MPs had been the scandal around Chris Pincher who was forced to resign after allegations he got drunk at a private club and assaulted two men. It then transpired that there were allegations about Mr Pincher stretching back 12 years. Added to that Mr Johnson appointed him Deputy Chief Whip in charge of welfare despite being informed in 2019 that when Pincher was a foreign office minister he had been found to have assaulted a man in the department and forced to apologise. Mr Johnson conceded he had been told but claimed he had “forgotten” about the incident and it had been a “mistake” to appoint Pincher. But one Conservative MP, who had been a loyalist said: “It’s always the same, the PM has just run out of excuses. You don’t forget something like that.” DON'T MISS PMQs sketch: Grim silence of Boris's MPs spoke louder than any words [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: Is the game up for Boris? Should he resign as PM? [REACT] Remainiac Adonis says Boris leaving is his chance to CANCEL Brexit [REVEAL]