Prince Charles is against the royal family using helicopters to travel to and from visits, Royal commentator Richard Palmer has told the Daily Express's Royal Roundup. He explained that the prince is strongly aware of the need to set an example on cutting the household's carbon footprint, adding that using helicopters is often "not a good look" for the Royal Family amid efforts to tackle climate change. Speaking to Royal RoundUp host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "So, you do see them using helicopters, I mean, partly sometimes that's about needing to get from A to B and then to C quite quickly and the helicopter is the only way of doing that. "But it's often not a good look is it, particularly for a short distance. "The household will often say, we've got this helicopter sitting there, it's a fixed cost we might as well use it. "Prince Charles doesn't like using helicopters." JUST IN: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spotted' with Archie on July 4th Ms Forsyth asked: "I mean, is that just the fact I mean, he's obviously a massive climate activist?" "They're all very alive to the fact that they're speaking out on, particularly the Wales branch of the family, speaking out about climate change and trying to lead public opinion,' replied Mr Palmer. "Then at the same time, their job inevitably involves a lot of travel. "As indeed does President Biden's or other heads of state and people, vice-presidents and prime ministers, etcetera, so how do you best do your job whilst leading, setting the example to the rest of the world?  "So, in Charles's case, I mean, he's brought in sustainable aviation fuel on the flights he uses on the RAF Voyager to go on official trips. "He has helped the royal household change its practice with helicopters as well so the helicopters now using sustainable aviation fuel, it's still got a cost to the environment, they're still burning carbon up," The Daily Express royal correspondent added. "But that type of fuel is less damaging than sort of standard aviation fuel." Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are currently on the couple's annual week-long tour of Wales. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot [LIVE]Meghan and Harry’s popularity sinks to ALL-TIME low [INSIGHT] Prince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert [VIDEO] During the visit, Charles talked to BBC weather presenter Derek Brockway and spoke of his frustration at the lack of time devoted to the climate change crisis. "It's about time some mention was made why it's so critical," the BBC news website reported the prince as saying. While the duchess was taken on a separate tour of the building Charles met members of BBC Wales Today and the corporation's sports team gearing up for the appearance of Wales' national team at the football World Cup later this year. The couple were joined by senior executives from the BBC, including the BBC's director general Tim Davie. 