Sinitta has admitted that she "wanted to be with" Simon Cowell after he started dating her "best friend" Lauren Silverman in 2013. In a new interview, the singer, 58, reflected on her relationship with the Britain's Got Talent mogul and the "unrequited love" she held for him. Sinitta and Simon famously dated in the 80s when she was signed with his record label, Fanfare records. But now Simon is set to marry her "best friend" Lauren Silverman and Sinitta has told how she wants to officiate their wedding. Looking back on her relationship with the talent boss, Sinitta admitted that the way in which it ended was "upsetting". She said: "It was about 10 years ago and yeah I was wanting to still be with him then, yes. READ MORE: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy "So that was upsetting and... unrequited love, but I'm not gonna kill myself over it." The star added that she believed there had been a "misunderstanding" on her side when he started dating her friend Lauren. "It was kind of on and off, on and off, so there was kind of an unspoken understanding that was obviously a misunderstanding on my part but it's ok," Sinitta said to MailOnline. She told how hers and Lauren's children used to play together in Barbados while they were on holiday. Addressing her reaction to finding out about their relationship, Sinitta admitted it wasn't one of her "happiest moments". Speaking about the upcoming nuptials, she went on to add that she hopes to "meet someone at his wedding." Simon and Lauren met in the Caribbean in 2004 when she was married to her ex-husband Andrew Silverman. Lauren and Simon's relationship became public in July 2013 when it was revealed that she was pregnant with their son, Eric. DON'T MISS... Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson, 54, recreates Kendall Jenner's completely NAKED snap [ANALYSIS]Jane Seymour, 71, stuns in rare pics alongside lookalike sisters [UPDATE] Simon popped the question while the couple were on holiday in Barbados over the new year, with their son Eric, seven, and Lauren's older son Adam, from a previous relationship both present. The Britain's Got Talent judge reportedly got down on one knee on Christmas Eve in a romantic proposal. This will be Simon's first marriage and Lauren's second. According to The Sun, Lauren burst into tears when Simon proposed, and while he’s previously stated he would never marry, he’s changed his mind after meeting ‘the woman of his dreams’. Simon's fellow BGT judge Amanda Holden spoke of her delight on hearing the happy news on her Heart Radio show. She said: "I think she's the one, but I don't know if she ever thought he would put a ring on it. "Then last night, we all got the text saying 'It's happening'. "We couldn't believe it and I knew it would be in the papers today if we got the text last night. So I was like, 'Oh my goodness,'" she exclaimed.