David Davis insisted Penny Mordaunt had the support of a substantial group of Conservative Party members as he pointed at recent polls to support his decision to back the former Defence Secretary to be the next Prime Minister. The junior international trade minister emerged as a surprise frontrunner in the ongoing Tory leadership contest, finding herself head-to-head with Rishi Sunak in the lead. Mr Davis told Sky News host Kay Burley his candidate is capable of securing a spot on the final ballot thanks to her popularity in both Scotland and the Red Wall, areas the parties is concerned will be affected by Boris Johnson's legacy. Asked how his colleagues will decide who to back, Mr Davis said: "=Biggest thing that influences their votes is prospect of winning in their own seats, to be brutal about it. "I would love to say to you it's the national interest but it's a mixture of the two. :We've been in power for 12 years, it's going to be tough so they're going to make judgments. "Will this prospective candidate help me win?" JUST IN: Liz Truss delivers huge attack on Rishi Sunak just SECONDS into leadership launch He continued: "In Penny's case, she's taken a Labour seat to a 15,000 Tory majority. "She's seen off Liberal attacks, Labour attacks and she knows how to do it. "And she's very popular in Scotland and the Red Wall seats. "So that's an argument I'm happy to have." READ MORE: ‘You voted remain!’ Liz Truss told to swing behind REAL Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt A Royal Navy reservist, Ms Mordaunt has focussed her campaign manifesto on her commitment to strengthening UK defence and security, as well as offering continued help to Ukraine. Writing for the Daily Mail, Ms Mordaunt promised to honour the UK's Nato commitment of spending 2.5 percent of GDP on defence by 2030, as she said Britain needs to "hold fast" to the nation's shared values of "strength, fairness and decency, (and) a willingness to stand up for what is right". She wrote: "The defence of the realm is the first duty of any government. "We will stand with Nato in defence of our common values and we will not flinch from the hard graft and putting boots on the ground on the alliance's borders." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] Ms Mordaunt said she would hold firm on the UK's position on the war in Ukraine, stressing Russia "must lose the war". During her campaign launch on Wednesday, the junior minister also argued she would be the best bet for the party to beat the Labour Party at the next general elections. Speaking to supporters, she said: "I'm the candidate that Labour fear the most - and they're right to." The long-term Brexit backer said the Government supply-side reforms would yield a "Brexit dividend" on investment, infrastructure, and innovation. She promised to put "power back into the hands of parents" through personal budgets which allow every child access to their entitlement to subsidised childcare at any time prior to them starting school. 