Meetings of the Privy Council are normally held once each month wherever the Queen is in residence at the time. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine today tweeted: "The Queen held an in-person meeting of the Privy Council at Windsor Castle yesterday." A Court circular from July 8 stated that The Queen held the Privy Council meeting at Windsor Castle at 4pm on Friday.  At the meeting were many Conservative Party members that are currently contesting to become the leader of the party. In attendance were Ben Wallace and Nadhim Zahawi who are both in the leadership contest. A recent picture of the Queen has led to concerns over her health. The photograph, taken in late June, shows the Queen with New South Wales Governor Margaret Beazley.  However, the photograph raised concerns from royal expert Daniela Elser. Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: “What is really striking here is Her Majesty’s very concerning appearance. “Look at Thursday’s shot of the Queen and then compare it to a photo taken nearly exactly a year ago when then Prime Minister Scott Morrison visited. "The difference is truly startling.” DON'T MISS:Camilla turns heads in glamorous royal blue dress for dinner in Rwanda [PICTURES]Royal fans go wild as Princess Beatrice and Edo snapped at Glastonbury [INSIGHT]'Sunglasses on point!' Princess Anne stuns in bright blue dress today [COMMENT]  The Queen is now aged 96, and earlier this year she pulled out of the State Opening of Parliament due to ongoing mobility problems. She has also missed a number of other public appearances this year. Prince William and Prince Charles, have taken on extra responsibilities on her behalf. The Queen was also absent from the Royal Ascot for the first time in 70 years and has been using a walking stick during public appearances. It has also been reported that Buckingham Palace has modified the description of the duties the Queen must carry out in its annual report. The new report no longer included the 13 bulleted points outlining her duties but, rather, a less detailed description of the Queen's role as head of state. 