Middlesbrough Council, which Labour lost a few years ago, pays for 458 children to be driven to school, journeys which cost the authority a staggering £32,901 per week. A freedom of information request (FOI) shows one of these journeys is an 89-mile trip for a child with specialist needs, which cannot be met in the immediate area in Teesside. So they have to undertake the trip twice a week during term time, but the council only pays when the child is in the vehicle. The local authority would not confirm where they are being taken, reports Teesside Live. At a full council meeting on July 6, Cllr Mick Saunders, leader of the Middlesbrough Independent Councillors Association (MICA), raised the almost £33k cost of the service. He asked for an explanation about why it is so high and what can be done to improve the cost. Cllr Barrie Cooper, the executive member for the environment and MICA member, said: "The children predominantly have an education health and care plan and attend their named setting or students who have a special educational need or who are classed as vulnerable. "Many of the students have a complex medical need and attend a specialist setting. "Middlesbrough Council like other local authorities across the country are statutorily required to provide travel assistance to eligible students and to safeguard those who are vulnerable." Children are assessed against a range of factors including their mobility, vulnerability and safety. Other transport options are considered before a taxi including journey planners, walking buses (where children walk with supervising adults), and independent travel training. The council is also able to provide a travel allowance of 45p per mile for parents for a limited period if they are eligible. Since the review of the council transport policy in 2017, the number of children receiving some form of transport assistance has increased from 650 to 1100. There is concern that this figure could rise by a further 300 by September 2022. Transport assistance could include a bus pass, travel training, fare refunds or mini-bus/taxi pick-up. Cllr Cooper said: "We supply the service because it’s the right thing to do for our vulnerable children and because we have a legal obligation to meet. "We look to provide the best service for the children’s needs, while at the same time, for the least expensive suitable option." Since September 2021, there have been 179 taxis, 81 minibuses, and seven coaches contracted to provide transport for students. There are currently, 146 taxis, 64 minibuses and seven coaches in use. There are 87 contracts in place to take children to school outside of Middlesbrough, which cost £15,633 per week. The shortest journey is 12 miles and the longest is 89 miles. The council employs 90 passenger assistants who accompany children on their journeys, their salaries come to £210,000. The local authority also employs 20 drivers and it has 16 wheelchair-accessible buses and four 16-seat minibuses. Cllr Cooper said: "The council is facing significant challenges in resourcing the services to meet demand which is not unique to Middlesbrough." He added that there was a challenge to recruit drivers and rising fuel costs were also having an impact. People took to Teesside Live's Facebook page to slam the council. One person said: "The problem here isn't the taxi. It's the lack of specialist schools. "It's a massive problem that is constantly being swept under the carpet and hushed up, which is easy because it doesn't effect the majority. "The whole school system needs a massive shake up." Another person commented: "It’s because there’s a huge lack of places locally. "My daughter and I are going through the same. No placement anywhere within an hour's drive".