Monique, 76, sent a message into This Morning to ask the Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis how she could make money quickly as she is currently finding it extremely difficult to “make ends meet”. Monique explained that she was a widow and that she had an annual income of under £15,000 a year and was using her savings to supplement it.   She had also tried to enquire about Pension Credit however she was rejected as she has a cash ISA with £20,000 in it. She asked Mr Lewis whether she should look into Bitcoin as she had seen an advertisement for a company online and was in need of “some serious money” very quickly. Mr Lewis responded forcefully, repeating the word 'no' 11 times. He then stated: “This is a scam.” READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account     He said he had been wondering why she was asking this question, then realised it was because scammers had been using his photos in false advertisements. The Money Saving Expert added: “It has absolutely nothing to do with Bitcoin and it is not an investment. It has nothing to do with cryptocurrency.  It is a scam.” Mr Lewis then issued a warning to This Morning viewers about the Bitcoin scams which are currently flooding social media sites. He said: “Do not respond to adverts on social media especially ones which have celebrity faces on them. They are almost all scams."  DON’T MISS:Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING]Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more [ALERT]   He pointed out that if the person clicks through, it may appear that he had "said something" about investing in them "in an article or a picture of this programme" or the BBC or national newspaper websites. However, Mr Lewis warned: "These are fake. “They are not what I have said, I don’t do it.” The Money Saving Expert went on to explain that cryptocurrency was “generally” a complicated bit of speculation”. READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams    He also added that even genuine investing was difficult to grasp and if people were unsure or they didn’t know what they were doing, then they should “err on the side of caution” and don’t do it. Mr Lewis said: “In this case though, it’s a scam, please, and if there is an advert that you see which has my face in, beautiful and handsome as it is, it is a scam.” Mr Lewis told viewers that cryptocurrency was not a “quick fix” and the scam adverts are not how investments work. He explained that if people wanted to get into cryptocurrency then they needed to take the time to do detailed research.   This should be completed before taking any steps. Mr Lewis added: “Let me say to everyone out there, you do not do investing by some quick fix advert that has popped up on social media. “This is not my area of expertise, but you need to do proper detailed research so do not respond to these adverts on social media.” The Money Saving Expert was incredibly commanding in his response to Monique’s query on the ITV show. He has undertaken work in the past to protect people from scammers and highlight ways people could be targeted.   This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am. 