Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has taken to social media to send dog owners a warning over the ongoing heatwave. The presenter advised other online users against taking their four-legged friends on walks as the UK continues under an “extreme heat” warning. Temperatures over the next few days could get as high as 40C degrees, exceeding the record high in the UK, which is 38.7C. Met Office forecaster Dan Harris has suggested some weather forecast models produced maximum temperatures in excess of 40C in parts of the UK over the coming weekend and early next week. However, most recent evidence shows the chances have decreased. Sharing a picture of her English Bulldog on her Instagram Story, Ulrika urged dog owners to avoid walking their dogs int he current weather conditions. In the message, shared in view of her 195,000 followers, the model highlighted that her advice applied especially to brachycephalic breeds such as her bulldogs. Brachycephalic breeds have shortened snouts and sometimes suffer from Brachycephalic airway obstructive syndrome (BAOS) which makes it harder for them to breathe. She wrote: “Don't be a d***. Do not walk your dog in this heat. Especially brachycephalic breeds.” In a follow-up post, Ulrika uploaded a picture of a sourdough bread loaf, adding: “… by all means, walk your sourdough.” Ulrika recently took to the social media platform to share an update on one of her four bulldogs who had undergone an operation. She uploaded two pictures of her pet - one where he was looking up at the camera, and another snap that only showed the animal’s legs. Ulrika wrote: “My boy. Surgery yesterday and ended up having 6 teeth removed. “(Seems a bit unfortunate on top of his leukaemia. But there you go). DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason [INSIGHT]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [LATEST]Top Gear’s James May details worries at home after move with partner [NEWS] “Any owner of brachycephalic breeds knows surgery of any kind is an uncertainty. “Anyone who knows me, knows I’ve lost 3 Bullies in 5 years. (I know. I’ve got form….)" She added: “He’s home. (Thanks to lovely vet Olga and nurse Daisy for caring for my boy @henleyvets )” Ulrika concluded her message with the hashtags “bulldogs" and “leo”. Last year, Ulrika announced the death of her beloved bulldog Fella, two months after she made the sad decision to give him away to a foster home. The TV star said: "My beloved Fella passed away in his sleep this morning. Many of you will know he came to me July 2019 as a handsome 9 yr old in very bad shape." She added: "The glorious @theedwardfoundation saved him and I cared for and loved him. "He spent the last 2 1/2 months with foster mummy Clare, as Leo [Ulrika's dog] developed issues with Fella."