During Monday’s instalment of Lorraine, which is currently being covered by Ranvir Singh, the 57-year-old appeared on the ITV show to speak about his return to touring. During the interview, he admitted that he has to go into his shed if he wants to practise performing. During Bill’s comedy shows, he’s known for incorporating music into his routines while playing a variety of different instruments on stage. Speaking to Ranvir, he said that music has always been a big part of what he does. He said: “It’s a way to reach people and get across ideas in a way that sometimes words, you know, can’t. “I’ve always loved music and comedy. I love spoken word, but I love music as well so the show is a real combination of both.” READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing rumoured line-up: Who is rumoured to sign up?  Interested to find out more about how he practices at home, Ranvir decided to ask about Bill’s wife, Kristin Bailey. The couple have been together for over 30 years and the presenter questioned how she treats his music experiments in their house. She asked: “Do you have a spot where you’ve got to go?” Bill instantly replied: “Yes, I have to go to my shed!”   Ranvir joked: “You’re banished?” The former Strictly winner revealed he performs in there and gets his wife to listen to new material before describing her as an astute critic. He added: “I found her one day, during the lockdown, she was soundproofing the shed a bit more. "She said, ‘I'm just putting some more fabric just, keep it down a bit.”   The host burst out laughing at the revelation before Bill told Ranvir he gets a bit nervous when he’s performing in front of big crowds. He said: “It’s a real adrenaline rush to do that, I guess I’m slightly addicted to it anyway, I’m sort of an adrenaline junkie.” Elsewhere in the interview, the duo spoke about Bill’s late friend and fellow comedian Sean Lock who passed away last year from cancer. The 57-year-old revealed to viewers that to remember Sean, he’s taking part in a charity walk to raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support.  He said: “I’m going to be walking a section of the South West Coast path, 100 miles to commemorate Sean because it will be a year in August since he died. “I cannot believe time has gone that fast. “I will be walking with his family and friends, we will be telling stories, remembering him and celebrating his life.” Bill admitted he misses his friend a lot and said Sean being gone has left a huge gap in his life. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am  