Reform UK leader Richard Tice has called on the next Prime Minister to deliver on Boris Johnson's levelling up pledges after the Prime Minister stepped down as Conservative Party leader this week. Mr Tice pointed to fracking for shale gas as one "win-win" policy that could bankroll levelling up spending across Britain to the tune of trillions of pounds. Mr Tice told GB News: "We've got an energy crisis, we are potentially facing rationing this winter. "It's the gravest crisis since the Second World War. "The best thing in terms of levelling up is to drill down for shale gas. "The value of our shale gas in the rock is a trillion quid plus, a trillion quid that's half our national debt. JUST IN: 'YOU made our lives harder f*** you!' Remoaner Femi explodes at Brexiteers in BBC QT fury  "Think about this a trillion pounds of levelling up by drilling down, it would create jobs, it would release the treasure under our feet, which is completely wasted at the moment. "We could have a huge sovereign wealth fund, we could invest it in the regions in the north in the southwest, all these opportunities, and actually, it's better for the environment, because if we use our own gas, domestic gas, you save co2 emissions compared to importing it. "So it's an absolute win-win and for me, that's the biggest, the fastest, that's the most effective form of levelling up. "In terms of the value that it would create that it will unleash this huge treasure."  Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] The Government is expected to respond to a British Geological Survey (BGS) report on fracking, which ministers commissioned amid criticism they had ruled out a homegrown source of gas in the face of the energy crisis. The decisions are awaited as the Government publishes its new Energy Security Bill which it says will drive investment in clean technology and homegrown energy, and protect consumers. It includes measures to explore the role of hydrogen to heat homes and buildings, scale up electric heat pump manufacturing and installation, extend the energy price cap, boost the nuclear industry and prevent industrial action and "malicious protest" from disrupting fuel supplies. Meanwhile, a target date of July 7 has been set to decide whether or not to grant planning permission for the coking coal mine near Whitehaven in Cumbria, following a planning inquiry in 2021, and officials said the decision would be made soon. Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] It is one of a series of decisions that test the Government's approach to the environment and the "net zero" agenda to cut climate emissions, and which are due as Number 10 is engulfed in political turmoil. Ahead of the decision on the coal mine, Greenpeace UK's policy director Doug Parr said its business case was "completely flawed" and it would add to the climate crisis. "The coal is for steelmaking so it won't help lower energy bills. The vast majority of it will also be sold across Europe so it won't necessarily reduce imports of coking coal from elsewhere.It will pour fuel on the climate crisis and be deeply damaging for the UK's reputation as a 'climate leader'. "Going ahead with it would be a monumental mistake, and epitomise the climate hypocrisy that nations already being hit by climate impacts regularly, and correctly, charge developed nations like the UK with," he said.