Atalanta are prepared to sell star striker Duvan Zapata to Newcastle United this summer, according to reports in Italy. The Magpies tried to sign Zapata back in the January transfer window and could now return to their interest after Atalanta hinted that he is available for the right price.    Eddie Howe’s side have already wrapped up three transfers this summer, with Matt Targett, Sven Botman and Nick Pope arriving for a combined expenditure of £55million. But with the backing from Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, Newcastle do not have to stop there and reportedly want another striker to bolster their forward line. Zapata has contributed an impressive 79 goals and 38 assists in 162 appearances for Atalanta and has won 34 caps for Colombia. He has two years left on his contract, but has been deemed ‘expendable’ according to L’Eco di Bergamo via Calcio Atalanta. The report states that Atalanta president Antonio Percassi would give the green light for Zapata’s sale if Newcastle stumped up £21m (€25m). That is quite the reduction, considering Atalanta were holding out for £37m back in January, when the Magpies’ interest first emerged. JUST IN: Saka's intention for Arsenal future clear amid Liverpool transfer link  Newcastle bid £25m earlier this year before ducking out of the race after landing Chris Wood from Burnley for the same price. Howe currently has Wood, Callum Wilson and Dwight Gayle on the books as central strikers. Gayle has been sent to train with the club’s under-23s along with Jeff Hendrick and Ciaran Clark as Newcastle attempt to trim their bloated squad. Despite having over 30 senior players, the Magpies appear short of quality up front, especially when you consider Wilson’s struggles with injury.  DON'T MISS Man Utd and Tottenham thwarted by Roma boss Jose Mourinho Wayne Rooney leaves door open as DC United contract clause emerges Ousmane Dembele left Barcelona squad 'stunned' with request As well as Zapata, they have been linked with moves for Bayer Leverkusen's Moussa Diaby, Real Sociedad’s Alexander Isak, Reims’ Hugo Ekitike and Burnley’s Maxwel Cornet. West Ham have also been linked with Zapata, but that interest could be ended by their pursuit of Chelsea’s Armando Broja. Reports suggest that the Hammers have now agreed personal terms with Broja, who spent last season on loan with Southampton. Broja has reportedly flown back from Chelsea’s pre-season tour of the US to sort out his future ahead of the 2022/23 season. Speaking after his side beat 1860 Munich 3-0 in a friendly on Friday, Howe said the club were still working on transfers. “There is nothing [more] to report and we’re still in the process of working very hard behind the scenes to try and improve the squad,” he said. “That work is continuing every day, even from here. We are keen to add strength to certain areas of the team. It remains to be seen whether we can get a deal done. “It is a difficult window, a difficult market, high prices and very limited availability. I’m sure we can hopefully land a player who can make a difference to us.” 