Mr Eustice insisted that looming dairy shortages are not due to Brexit but because farms are "struggling to get people". It comes as Arla Foods predicted dairy prices are set to increase at the fastest pace in 13 years. Ash Amirahmadi, UK managing director at Arla, told the Daily Telegraph milk production is down 3pc in 2022. Speaking to LBC, Mr Eustice said: "Every sector of the economy is struggling to find staff. It’s nothing to do with Brexit. "A typical dairy farm might employ two or three people, sometimes four. "I can understand say a strawberry farm that employs hundreds or sometimes thousands of people they need access to a seasonal worker scheme. "When it comes to dairies it’s a very small number of people on an individual farm but because they are in remote areas nevertheless they do sometimes struggle to get people to fill those posts." READ MORE: Rehman Chishti announces Tory leadership bid It comes as British manufacturing firm Corbetts the Galvanizers used to rely on a stream of workers from Poland and Romania to fill its shop floor, where steel is dipped into a long vat of molten zinc at temperatures of around 450°C (842°F). But after Brexit and COVID-19, it is resorting to everything from 500-pound ($602) starting bonuses to free fish and chips to entice local workers who shy away from the often gruelling work. Britain's labour shortages, and the pressure they are putting on pay, are a major worry for employers and for the Bank of England as it tries to contain the biggest surge in inflation in 40 years. However, while there are losers, there are also winners from the shake-up in immigration rules following Britain's departure from the European Union, which halted free movement of workers from the bloc after 2020. Last year saw a record inflow of foreign medics, and more work visas were issued to people from Zimbabwe than France. Corbetts, located in Telford in central England, close to the birthplace of the industrial revolution, is typical of firms now rethinking their recruitment practices. Galvanising staff mostly earn less than the £25,600 a year generally needed for an employer to sponsor a visa. Before Brexit, the 162-year-old company could count on migrant workers - mostly Polish or Romanian - recruited mostly by word of mouth. DON'T MISS Lurpak in horror warning as UK ‘on the edge’ of crisis [INSIGHT]Michael Mosley: 'Surprising' food group that promotes weight loss [ANALYSIS]The way you cut cheese determines its taste - tips and tricks [VIDEO] But in the last year, finding staff has become a struggle, according to managing director Sophie Williams. "It's boiling hot in summer and it's freezing cold in winter, and it can get really dirty and dusty and a bit smoky. It's not the job for everybody," she said. Williams employs 52 galvanisers and wants to recruit 40 more before reopening a second facility that was mothballed during the pandemic.