Adult Disability Payment will replace PIP for claimants in Scotland in seven more council areas this month, following on from the recent launch in Angus, North Lanarkshire and South Lanarkshire at the end of June. Thousands of pre-existing PIP claimants in Scotland will start to transfer from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) system to Social Security Scotland this summer, in a move predicted to be completed by the end of 2025. The introduction of the new benefit means that people of working age with a disability, long-term illness or physical or mental health condition in certain areas can apply directly for financial support from the Scottish Government from July 25. The areas that it is being introduced include Fife, Aberdeen City, Aberdeenshire, Moray, North Ayrshire, East Ayrshire or South Ayrshire. People living elsewhere who have not received the payment in Scotland can apply from August 29. The Scottish Government has said Adult Disability Payment aims to bring positive change to the people applying for disability assistance for the first time and those already receiving PIP or Disability Living Allowance (DLA). READ MORE: Savings lose value as inflation hits fresh 40-year high - 'continued erosion of wealth' “I encourage those who think they could be eligible to check and apply.” Similar to PIP, Adult Disability Payment is made up of two parts - daily living and mobility. Britons may qualify for one or both parts and the amount they get depends on how their condition affects their ability to do everyday activities and get around. It does not matter if someone is working or not and their income and savings are not taken into account.  READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: State pensioners may be able to claim an extra £370 a month If someone is awarded the Daily Living part they will be paid: People may qualify for the mobility part if they need help with planning and following a journey, or moving around. If someone is awarded the mobility part they will be paid: People do not need to apply for Adult Disability Payment if they already get PIP or DLA from the DWP. Applications for Adult Disability Payment will open over the next few months. People can apply on or after: Britons can apply for Adult Disability Payment if they have a disability or long-term health condition that affects their everyday life. People can also check if they meet the other requirements to qualify for Adult Disability Payment before they start an application. The simple online tool asks questions about: They will not be asked about their disability or health condition. If someone does not qualify for Adult Disability Payment, the Social Security Scotland tool will tell them what other benefits they may be able to claim.