Mr Courts suggested that his boss would be a “great choice” to take up the post of Mr Johnson who resigned as the leader of the Conservative party on Thursday. Mr Shapps was appointed transport secretary when Boris Johnson became Prime Minister in 2019.  When asked about the next leader, Mr Courts said: “Because of the challenges the country has, because we’re still pulling out of the pandemic and cost of living issues. “I think we need someone who has experience and someone able to campaign and deliver. “Someone like Grant Shapps, my boss, would be a great choice. “I’ve seen him work at close quarters and I think he has done an outstanding job.”   On Thursday, during his resignation speech, Mr Johnson called his colleagues’ decision to dislodge him “eccentric”, suggesting they had been driven by a herd mentality. He said: “In the last few days I have tried to persuade my colleagues that it would be eccentric to change Governments when we are delivering so much and when we have such a vast mandate and when we are actually only a handful of points behind in the polls. “As we’ve seen at Westminster, the herd instinct is powerful, and when the herd moves, it moves.” Mr Johnson will remain in place until the party chooses a new leader – a process the 1922 Committee hopes to conclude as swiftly as possible. READ MORE: Iceland shoppers wowed by return of nostalgic 90s tea time favourite  At the podium outside Downing Street, Mr Johnson said he was “sad to be giving up the best job in the world” but “them’s the breaks”. Former Prime Minister Sir John Major intervened to call for Johnson to be removed immediately – but several moderate Tories, including Greg Clark and Robert Buckland, agreed to serve in a caretaker cabinet, helping to convince MPs to allow Johnson to remain in post. Other probable candidates include former Chancellor of Exchequer Rishi Sunak, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, former Health Secretary Sajid Javid among others. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace appears to be the favourite to replace Boris Johnson as PM and party leader among Tory party members. DON'T MISS:‘Time for renewal!’ Tom Tugendhat launches bid to replace Boris Royal LIVE: 'Significant tensions' between Harry and Firm laid bareShock as Russia warns 'humanity threatened' if West punishes Putin