The UK is enacting the early stages of drought plans which involve using water carefully to protect supplies, the government said on Tuesday, following record-breaking temperatures. There are so far no plans for curbs on water use but regulators and water companies are working to manage water levels, including by operating water transfer schemes to allow rivers to be artificially maintained, the Environment Agency (EA) said. BBC Weather's Stav Danaos forecast no rainfall for Hurn and Odiham for the rest of this month. He said: "It's rather cool at the moment compared to last week. "In fact many parts of England and Wales are a good 20C cooler than what we had last week so that is pretty noticeable. Cooler by day and cooler by night. "The reason for it is an area of low-pressure cooler round our northwesterly window. "Higher pressure building from the west is settling things down so many places will remain dry. READ MORE: BBC Europe weather: 'Intense' heat to give way to 'heavy' thunder "We've had a few showers around particularly across northern England through this afternoon. "They will fizzle out with just the odd one lingering around but for most its a dry night with clear skies and light winds. "It will turn quite chilly out of town into northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. "It's a fresh start to the day tomorrow. There will be some sunshine around. "Temperature-wise still below par for the time of year, mid to high teens in the north and we've got the low 20s in the south. "The rainfall deficit is set to continue in the short term. "Parts of northern Scotland nearly where we should be looking at this time in July but head further south and that deficit is particularly noticeable especially for England and Wales. "The midlands and some of eastern England are well below what we would be looking for in July. "In fact, some parts of southern England are on course for seeing one of their driest Julys on record." DON'T MISS Weather warning: New study highlights 'very serious threat' [INSIGHT]London weather: When will it rain as gardens dry up? Latest forecast [ANALYSIS]Carol Kirkwood warns mercury to fall to 22C ahead of 'warmer weekend’ [VIDEO] Farmers in areas facing prolonged dry weather will be given more assistance and water companies will draw up potential drought plans, the agency added in a statement following a meeting of the National Drought Group, which comprises policymakers, industry and environmental protection groups. Temperatures in Britain last week topped 40C for the first time ever, igniting fires that destroyed properties in London and torched dry grassland as a heatwave rippled across Europe. Nowhere in England is currently in a drought, and water companies are maintaining good reservoir storage for summer demand, the EA added. "Water companies have detailed plans in place to manage water resources for customers and the environment, and are doing everything they can to minimise the need for any restrictions and ensure rivers continue to flow," said Stuart Colville, director of policy for industry body Water UK.