Below Deck Mediterranean has welcomed a new bunch of sailing enthusiasts onboard for season seven's trip to Malta. Captain Sandy Yawn is once again leading the way with an almost entirely new crew working under her. Fans of the Bravo reality series are already questioning two of the staff as they bare a striking resemblance. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Below Deck Mediterranean. Working on the new yacht Home as one of the crew's stews is Natalya Scudder who has been in the industry since she was 18. The Australian-born reality star has held positions both as second stew and chief stew on different boats and has even worked for Royal Families in the past. But while on Below Deck Med, she works under chief stew Natasha Webb who hails from West Yorkshire. She has 10 years of experience working on yachts, working her way up the ladder with her flare for planning themed parties and hosting events for guests. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change While both Natasha and Natalya were more than welcomed to the season seven cast, fans couldn't help but notice how similar the women look. In fact, many have taken to Twitter to question if the Below Deck Med stars are related.BelowDeckJohn shared: "Whoever was the hiring manager has a type. Natalya and Natasha are damn near twins. #belowdeck #BelowDeckMed." Echo commented: "Not them being named Natasha and Natalya!! ARE y’all twins?! It’s scary!! #BelowDeckMed." [Sic]Whereas David Golaner pointed out: "So, @BravoTV — you can’t cast nearly identical stews — with almost identical names (Natasha/Natalya). "Those of us who watch #BelowDeckMed aren’t that smart." Even though Natasha and Natalya are similar in appearance, they are not related. They come from completely different parts of the world and hadn't met before starring in Below Deck Med. There has been a romantic ongoing storyline between Natalya and Storm Smith which was first teased in the trailer. It also showed the co-stars kissing so it will be interesting to see how their connection develops. DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [REACTION]Below Deck Med's Zee admits feeling 'traumatised' after season 7 chaos [EXPLAINER]Why was Pete fired from Below Deck Med? [CAST] There were also rumours of Natasha and chef David White getting together before the show which they have now confirmed. The pair kept their fling a romance as Natasha was in a relationship when they first got together. Fans are expected to see more flirtatious moments throughout the season. Going by the synopsis for the latest episode, there is plenty of drama to look forward to. The description for A Whole Yacht of Scandal reads: "Two yachties are forced to confront their complicated past as Natalya pressures them about the status of their relationship. "After a night of letting loose, a crew member on the exterior is worse for the wear, forcing others to pick up the slack. "When a group of young charter guests come to party, the crew races to keep up with them. "The bosun feels the pressure to perform when the deck team struggles to get the toys out in time." Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 continues every Monday on Bravo in the USA.