The former Brexit Party leader said the Conservative Party was "making itself unelectable". He added that it was "repeating its mistake in 2016 when Theresa May was appointed". Mr Farage predicted that the candidates most likely to win a general election would not make it to the final two. The GB News presenter said Kemi Badenoch would be "hugely popular" with Tory members, who will choose the next leader out of the last two candidates. But Mr Farage said the former equalities minister has "very little chance" of reaching the final stage. The Brexiteer questioned Rishi Sunak's appeal in the Red Wall, adding: "I'm quite sure he would leave the Conservatives to a resounding election defeat at the next election." And he said Penny Mordaunt's "inconsistencies have proved to be her undoing". Mr Farage said Foreign Secretary Liz Truss looks set to make the final two and go on to win the contest. Writing in the Telegraph, the GB News host said: "Just think of it. A Remain-voting, former card-carrying and conference-speaking member of Liberal Democrats, who once endorsed Republicanism, a woman who voted for May's disastrous deal three times, will likely lead the Conservative Party and post-Brexit Britain. "You simply couldn't make it up. It is possible that she now believes in dealing with the Northern Ireland protocol and genuine conservatism, but I doubt it. All I see here is a careerist. How did it come to this?" READ MORE: Boris faces no confidence vote TODAY after surprising MPs In a warning, Mr Farage said the Conservative Party was "in much bigger trouble than it understands". He added: "If only Boris Johnson had told the truth and fulfilled his manifesto pledges. Alas he did not." Mr Farage's comments come after the five remaining Tories in the leadership race - Mr Sunak, Ms Truss, Ms Mordaunt, Ms Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat - clashed last night in the latest televised debate. The next round of voting is due today to whittle the candidates down to four. DON'T MISSMordaunt thrown under bus as Sunak-backing boss questions recordRishi Sunak sees campaign dismantled in furious BBC rantTories need a new idea not a Thatcher tribute act - JONATHAN SAXTY Mr Tugendhat had fewer votes than his remaining rivals in the last ballot on Thursday and he would seem to be in the most jeopardy this time round. Subsequent ballots will be held this week until two contestants are left who will then battle it out over the summer to win the support of Conservative members. Their choice of the next prime minister will be announced on September 5. Mr Johnson will then formally tender his resignation to the Queen to make way for his successor the following day.