Chief meteorologist Paul Davies warned temperatures could rise above 25C overnight as he urged Brits to keep cool. The rise in temperatures has forced the UK Health Security Agency to issue a level 4 heat-health alert - described as an "emergency" - while the Met Office has issued the UK's first red extreme heat warning, with both running from Monday to Wednesday. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Davies said: "The peak of the heat is during the afternoon, that is when the highest temperature is likely to be obtained. "But I have to say that overnight is also oppressively hot and often that's the biggest impact on health. "I recommend that in any you can, try and cool yourself down because temperatures in London tonight could be in excess of 25C." London is predicted to be hotter than the Caribbean, the Western Sahara, and popular holiday destinations in Europe as temperatures soar. READ MORE: 'Unprecedented' drought in Europe threatens crops  The Met Office has forecast the capital could see highs of 38C when the heatwave sweeps across England. Deputy chief medical officer Thomas Waite listed some of the tell-tale signs of heat exhaustion and what can be done to treat the condition. Dr Waite told GMB: "That combination of fluid loss through sweating and through that hard work through your heart pumping, getting more blood to your skin can lead to a range of symptoms, so you can get sweaty, really quite excessive sweating, cramps, nausea and vomiting and dizziness. "That's a set of symptoms called heat exhaustion that's really quite easily treated. "If you see somebody who's experiencing those symptoms, get them into the cool, get them into the shade, give them some fluid to rehydrate, it can be water, it can be sports drinks or rehydration fluids, and most people will make a good recovery in about 30 minutes or so." People should "just take it easy" during the heatwave, and could go to the beach to avoid the worst of the "ferocious" heat, a Cabinet minister suggested. Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster Kit Malthouse told Sky News: "If you are lucky enough not to be working today and you are going to the beach, obviously I know you will take lots of sun cream and water and an umbrella and all those kinds of things and be sensible. But we need to recognise that there are some people who will not cope well in the heat and what we want is for everybody to look out for them. DON'T MISS Check your Wi-Fi router now or your broadband could break today [INSIGHT]UK red Met Office warning: Hour-by-hour national emergency heatwave [ANALYSIS]Hot weather LIVE: School, road, rail and water alerts as UK faces 41C [LIVE] "Lots of people will go about their lives perfectly normally, for example we have said that schools should stay open and kids should go to school, very often they are safer in schools and kids need to learn and schools can look after them and hydrate them and keep them nice and cool. "But we just need to be sensible, we have not seen this kind of heat before in this country." Mr Malthouse defended the idea that people could still go to the beach: "Some people may wish to. It will be cooler at the coast than it is at the centre of the country, particularly in the Midlands and in London. "But what we are saying to people is that they need to take responsibility for themselves, recognise that this is a really ferocious heat that we haven't seen in this country before and adapt their behaviour accordingly." weather