Christian Eriksen has "many reasons" to reject Manchester United's lucrative offer this summer, according to Simon Jordan. The former Crystal Palace chairman says Eriksen must think carefully about his next move and has advised him against joining the Red Devils. The midfielder is now a free agent after his contract at Brentford expired on June 30. The Bees are still hopeful of convincing him to stay for another season. Brentford gave Eriksen a chance when many clubs were hesitant to do so after the cardiac arrest he suffered while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020 last summer. The Daily Star claims United have offered Eriksen a two-year deal worth £150,000 a week. But Jordan says the 30-year-old must be wary over making the right decision for himself physically. And he is not sure if United would be the ideal destination. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee   Jordan told talkSPORT: “The question of Eriksen going to Manchester United is an interesting one because Man United are in a state of flux. Whilst Eriksen has been incredibly successful with Brentford – that’s one thing at the end of the table where you’re fighting for survival – he made a very big difference in a side that was in decline. “And of course whilst Manchester United are in decline, going to Manchester United with that evolution or revolution or whatever [Erik] ten Hag is going to produce, may not mean he’s going to be a particularly front and centre player. So I’m not entirely sure why he would turn down Man United but I’m not entirely sure if Manchester United is the right move. “You know there was an opportunity given to him by Brentford, he took it. He should think very carefully at this stage of his career about what is right both from the point of view of integrity and also what’s right for him physically, mentally and the amount of games that he wants to play." United missed out on Champions League qualification last season, finishing sixth in the Premier League. New manager Ten Hag is set to oversee wholesale changes at the club this summer. DON'T MISSTottenham ridiculed over Richarlison transfer as new signing compared to Teemu PukkiChelsea owner Todd Boehly told to 'overpay' for Raphinha transfer alternativeLisandro Martinez 'a big fan of Arsenal ideas' as details emerge amid Man Utd fight  But Jordan says there are still lots of reasons why Eriksen should say no to United's proposal. He added: “I don’t think it should be looked at as Manchester United of old, 'how could you turn down Man United?' "There are many, many reasons you should turn down Manchester United because ultimately that team, probably from the engine room, needs a rebuild. I’m not suggesting going back to the challenges that Eriksen had a summer ago but you need people with legs around him to give him an ability to play and I’m not sure United are in that position yet. "So I’m not surprised but these deals have many twists and turns, don’t be surprised if it comes back again.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here