The Chancellor also pledged to do "everything in my power to help families" facing the cost of living crisis. It follows reports that energy bills could rise as high as £3,850 a year by January. He said last night: "This Government has stepped in to help households through a £37billion package of support - which will see eight million of the most vulnerable households receive £1,200 to help with the cost of living." "And as part of this significant package, we're ensuring every single household is given £400 from October to lower the cost of their energy bills." "This comes after the £150 council tax rebate we introduced earlier this year which has so far been received by 15 million households to help with their gas and electricity costs. Households should receive the £150 payment by the end of September - so I urge all readers to check their bank accounts and speak to their council if they are yet to get it." The rebate, introduced in response to soaring energy bills and rising inflation, is available to households living in council tax bands A to D. More than £2billion had been handed to 15 million households in England by the end of June, according to the Government. It means just under 80 percent of eligible households have received the cash. Officials say more payments will have been distributed throughout this month. Those who pay by direct debit are likely to receive the money in the form of lower council tax bills. But those using other methods of payment may need to apply to their local authority. They have until the end of September to claim the £150. It is part of a package of measures to help with the cost of living crisis, which includes an extra £144million given to councils to provide support to any household in financial need. Mr Zahawi said: "I know times are very, very tough for hard-working families". "Since becoming Chancellor I've been meeting people from all over the UK and hearing how their household budgets are being stretched by rising prices." "I promise Sunday Express readers that as Chancellor, I will continue to put my focus into helping families through the challenging period ahead." Household fuel bills shot up after the price cap set by energy regulator Ofgem was lifted from £1,400 a year to £2,000 in April 2022.