Sir Paul McCartney reportedly has a net worth of £800million, making him one of the wealthiest musicians in the world. The former Beatles member came from humble beginnings in Liverpool but has gone on to own several homes. The Glastonbury headliner has homes in London, Los Angeles, Arizona and Sussex. The 80-year-old owns an incredible 160-acre farm, known as Blossom Wood Farm, near Rye in East Sussex. The farm can be found in the quiet rural village of Peasmarsh, near the East Sussex border with Kent. The musician bought the farm in 1973 and lived there during the pandemic with his daughter and family. The farm is also where Sir Paul and his late wife Linda raised their children. READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid The property is home to a number of different crops, including wheat, rye and peas. Sir Paul also has a fir tree on the estate which was given to him by George Harrison shortly before his death in 2001. The singer said in a podcast last year that he has started growing hemp on his estate too. The farm is also reportedly been ranked the sixth most searched celebrity home on the internet, according to interior designers UNCLE.  DON'T MISSHeatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [UPDATE]Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [ANALYSIS] Sir Paul also has a home on Cavendish Avenue in St John’s Wood, London. The musician bought the property in 1965 for £40,000 from Desmond O'Neill, a doctor. He still owns the home to this day, but it’s likely the home’s value has increased dramatically. Neighbouring properties have recently been on the market for £16.5million. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The property is also where he held his wedding reception after marrying Nancy Shevell nine years ago. The home is conveniently located close to Abbey Road Studios and the famous zebra crossing which can be seen on The Beatles’ 11th album. In 2001, Sir Paul spent $4million (around £3.34million) on a home in Beverly Hills which previously belonged to both Courtney Love and Ellen DeGeneres. The property has four bedrooms, three bathrooms and is 4,700 square feet. There are also two acres of land.  It’s thought the property was an engagement present for his former wife Heather Mills. Sir Paul and his late wife Linda also bought a 151-acre ranch in Tucson, Arizona in 1979. The property is located near the Tanque Verde River in the foothills of the Rincon Mountains, northeast of Tucson. The home is where Linda died aged 56 from breast cancer. Sir Paul doesn’t own his childhood home at 20 Forthlin Road in Liverpool but it’s thought to be the “birthplace of The Beatles”. The home is now owned by the National Trust and can be toured.