CarFest North is back and bigger than ever. Following last year’s stellar tenth-anniversary celebrations, the festival is heading into its second decade with a bang. The brainchild of radio presenter Chris Evans, the UK’s largest family fundraising festival will now comprise a whopping seven festivals in one. TV and dancing superstars AJ and Curtis Pritchard will be the festival’s roving reporters, with guests being told to expect a full-throttle festival weekend. Both AJ and Curtis are massive car enthusiasts, documenting their love for cars on their Instagram and YouTube channels. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the brothers spoke of their excitement for the festival and teased what attendees may encounter over the weekend. Curtis said: “Petrol heads can expect full-on action from the classics to the new. READ MORE: Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners “You’ll see the Bentley Spitfire to a Ferrari 296 GTB and hear the loudest unfiltered engines there is. “I’ll be keeping my eye out for the new Bentley Continental GT S, not that I’m obsessed with it or anything.” AJ added: “Yeah, it’s going be non-stop noise from the track, from all sorts of cars. “You won’t be disappointed! Special or outrageous? DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [WARNING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Heatwave chaos as 1,500 parking fines handed out at popular UK beach [SHOCKING] “There is an old car that has a Spitfire aeroplane engine in it which I went up the hill in last year. It was crazy loud.” This year, CarFest will be honouring hero drivers, brands and cars at the Kwik Fit-Michelin Track, with over 120 cars from the past, present, and future. From GT racers to drift kings and queens to 10-second racers, the roar of the engines will be sure to take visitors’ breath away, and track presenters Torie Campbell and Mike Bushell will be on hand interviewing the drivers and making sure guests don’t miss a thing. AJ said he was particularly looking forward to seeing the Ferrari 458 Speciala, a car he described as a “modern-day masterpiece”. Curtis on the other hand has his eye focused solely on his dream car - the Bentley Continental GT S. At the Kwik Fit-Michelin Motorsport Paddock, festival-goers can get up close and personal with some iconic cars, from old-school heroes to some wonderfully eccentric vehicles recognisable from the silver screen, like the Batmobile and Marty McFly’s DeLorean. CarFest will be honouring motoring heritage by celebrating Jaguar’s 100th birthday with a showcase of some of the brand’s most famous cars, and also looking to the future with some innovative and exciting electric vehicles. The brothers acknowledged that everyone was still wary of Covid at the festival last year, saying it was a “miracle” that it went ahead. Despite the hesitancy last year, it’s nothing but green lights this year, with Curtis promising that the festival will be “an absolute belter”. AJ added: “This year is the year of seizing every second and loving every moment. “CarFest has always grown year on year, and this year is no different. There are more stands and areas. “The areas that the fans have grown to love have expanded in response. “Plus, CarFest is synonymous for the celebs everywhere and there are definitely going to be more this year.” This year, cinch presents CarFest is on a mission to raise over £2million, topping up the £20million raised to date. Over the past 10 years, the festival has supported many charities, including BBC Children in Need, Comic Relief, Ellen MacArthur Cancer Trust, My Black Dog, Rainbow Trust, Starlight Children’s Foundation and Teenage Cancer Trust, as well as other local charities and hospices. CarFest North will take place at Bolesworth Estate in Cheshire this weekend (July 22-24), with Hampshire playing host to CarFest South between August 26 and 28. You can catch up with all of AJ and Curtis’ car exploits via their Instagram @brostorquesupercars, for exclusive insights into Silverstone, Formula E, CarFest and more.