The chairman, after Labour’s Chris Bryant honourably stood down because he had already made public comment on the issue, is now Harriet Harman, who has accused the Prime Minister of lying in the past. I know of no legal system in the civilised world where a judge would be appointed to assess whether somebody was lying if he or she had already branded that person a liar. It is an outrage against justice.  Then the inquiry has announced that it will take evidence from witnesses anonymously. Again, other than in sexual assault cases and in some cases of blackmail, I know of no circumstance where witnesses can give evidence anonymously. An accused person has an absolute right to know who his or her accusers are and to be allowed to cross-examine them.  Yes, it is some small comfort that a former appeal court judge is to act as “adviser” but no matter how upright he himself may be, no matter how free he is from fear or favour, he should never, as a member of the judiciary, be participating in a process with such flawed systems. After the Owen Paterson farce in which the system was yet again rightly criticised, Boris rushed in like a bull in a china shop, announcing a review with the intention of changing the system. Inevitably he was accused of trying to save a pal. Nevertheless a review was commissioned and the very judge now advising the Harriet Harman inquiry did indeed recommend some changes. Clearly those changes did not go far enough and it is hardly a rash prediction that, should Boris be found guilty, this will be branded a kangaroo court. Therefore that outcome should be pre-empted by standing down Ms Harman now (she is too shameless to go of her own accord) and announcing that the defence will have the right to cross-examine all witnesses and that justice will not just be done but will be seen to be done. Anything less makes a mockery of justice and indeed of Parliament. Britain's Emma Raducanu has been widely castigated for saying that there is more to life than tennis and that she is only 19, with plenty of time ahead. Boris Becker, made a similar comment when he lost a match in the early days, observing: “...it is not a war, nobody has died.” Proportionality does not exclude commitment and both players are right. Boris Johnson rejects claims that Britain has run down its armed services to dangerous levels. Yet many of us will remember that when our army was deployed in two fields simultaneously – Iraq and Afghanistan – and a fireman’s strike was threatened, defence chiefs warned that there would not be enough personnel to man the Green Goddesses. And the cuts have gone deeper since then. Do we have to wait until we have not got enough men to do what-ever the unexpected job might be before someone in Whitehall wakes up? The view seems to be that weaponry will determine the outcome of any future conflict rather than boots on the ground, but in Ukraine it is not weapons they are burying in war graves. The story of the profoundly arrogant Halifax, which told its outraged customers the equivalent of go to Hades, the achingly politically correct badges and the withdrawn accounts have been both entertaining and worrying but the best response came from my erstwhile colleague Jennifer Selway who now writes for the Sunday Express. She specifies her pronouns as fee/fi/fo/fum. That is exactly the sort of mockery which cuts the liberal dictatorship down to size and is worth a thousand paragraphs of expostulation. MP and historian, Alexander Stafford says schools spend a lot of time teaching Henry VIII and Hitler but virtually ignore medieval history. When Ken Clarke introduced the new curriculum, history had to be taught as the nation’s story so that pupils would know how we got to here and from where. That was how I was taught, the first form being devoted to ancient civilisations and then beginning with William the Conqueror in the second form, until by O Level stage we had arrived in the last century. medieval history was just a part of that. It is not rocket science, so how have we arrived at a point where vast tracts of our history are so neglected that they need a debate in Parliament? This is not a vindictive comment but it is right that two parents are to be tried for manslaughter by neglect after they allegedly allowed their daughter to grow so obese that the poor girl died. Of course I am sorry for them but supplying junk food well past the point where it is causing serious harm is not OK and that message needs to be reinforced. I made the same observation some time ago when this paper reported that a young woman had grown so huge that she could not be got through her own front door to go to hospital. As she could not go out then someone was bringing the food to her and on a scale that was dangerous and, yes, criminal. I have a friend who is dangerously obese and whenever she comes to stay I make none too subtle attempts to keep meals healthy. She thinks me unkind but the opposite is true.  Teachers have rejected a nine per cent pay offer, which speaks volumes about both ministers and themselves. It is not difficult to understand that when inflation strikes, restraint is all that will cure it. So why are ministers offering such irresponsibly large rises? And why are teachers rejecting them as too little? Perhaps an intelligence test might give us the answer.