The RAF's decision to pause flights at its station, reported by Sky News on Monday, had been made to ensure there was no impact on operations and came as temperatures nearing 40C were being recorded across the country. A second source confirmed to Sky News the runway had indeed been impacted by the heat but didn't say it had physically melted. Runways can be deemed unsafe when the tarmac becomes sticky under the sun and, despite being solid and sturdy, the material can revert back to a liquid. As temperatures rise and tarmac softens, it can sink under the weight of vehicles. While not all road surfaces are made of the same type of tarmac, meaning the temperature at which roads melt varies, the average temperature at which tarmac starts softening at is around 50C. READ MORE: RAF chief mocks 'desperate' Putin's Air Force and compares Russia to 'gangster state' Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is higher than average UK summer temperatures and higher than the temperatures seen during the current heatwave. Yet, under direct sunlight, the dark material rapidly heats up, thus measuring hotter than it may seem. In a statement posted on Twitter by the Ministry of Defence, the RAF said of flights at RAF Brize Norton: "During this period of extreme temperature flight safety remains the RAF's top priority, so aircraft are using alternative airfields in line with a long-established plan. This means there is no impact on RAF operations." The UK's high temperatures are set to remain for the next two days, causing widespread disruption both on roads and public transport, with rail services significantly impacted by the extreme heat. On Sunday, Network Rail said any GWR services which run would be extremely busy with a high likelihood of cancellations and delays, adding that journeys would take longer and last-minute alterations were predicted throughout Monday and Tuesday. Jake Kelly, spokesperson for the service, warned on Monday that services returning to normal on Wednesday "will depend on the damage that the weather does to the infrastructure" over the course of the heatwave. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Kelly said: "Our advice very strongly to customers in England and Wales today and tomorrow is to only travel if absolutely essential, and to expect a very reduced train service and delays. "We haven’t taken any of those decisions lightly, but we've not been faced with these exceptional temperatures before." DON'T MISSEurope in flames: Fires force thousands to flee homes [INSIGHT]One thing you should NEVER do to keep energy bills down revealed [WARNING]German fury as Russia profits from BILLIONS since war began [ANALYSIS] He added: "We're spending hundreds of millions of pounds a year on making the railway more resilient but ultimately faced with weather like we've never faced before, the infrastructure will suffer so we’ve had to put in place arrangements." The UK Health Security Agency has put in place its first-ever level four heat warning to communicate to the British public the danger posed by sustained high temperatures, meaning "illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy, and not just in high-risk groups". Nigel Arnell, professor of climate system science at the University of Reading, told a Science and Media Centre briefing that all evidence from the climate models and projections suggests heatwaves are going to get worse and more frequent. He said: "The way we're dealing with heatwaves at the moment essentially is to implement our emergency plans, which may or may not be very effective – we won’t know until Tuesday afternoon. "We really need to up the game in terms of adaptation and resilience in the UK and in other countries." One urgent measure that needs to be taken, Prof Arnell said, is "to make sure that all the new infrastructure that we're currently building" can "cope with the extremes that we're definitely going to see". He added that as well as improving infrastructure for the future, upgrades to existing infrastructure need to be arranged with future temperatures in mind.