Sheriff Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour) made a miraculous escape from Russia and finally returned to Hawkins in the latest season of Stranger Things. With just one more season of Netflix’s paranormal drama still to come, the fan-favourite star has now signed up for an intriguing new series for HBO along with a popular Game of Thrones breakout. David will co-star with The Mandalorian’s Pedro Pascal in the upcoming limited series, My Dentist’s Murder Trial. The US screen star is best known for his portrayal as Sheriff Hopper in Stranger Things, as well as starring in blockbuster films Hellboy and Black Widow. Patriot writer-director Steve Conrad is on board to pen the series and will direct the pilot episode. The series will be inspired by James Lasdun’s 2017 New Yorker article My Dentist’s Murder Trial: Adultery, false identities, and a lethal sedation. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale Pedro will be portraying real-life dentist Dr. Gilberto Nunez, who in 2015 was indicted for killing Thomas Kolman by getting him “to ingest a substance that caused his death". Gilberto was later found guilty for fraud after posing as a CIA agent, as well as being caught in an affair with Thomas’ wife Linda. It’s currently unconfirmed if David will be portraying Thomas or the article’s author James, whose family visited Gilberto for dental appointments before the trial. David, Pedro and Steve will all be producing the series along with Bruce Terris, Todd Black, Jason Blumenthal and Steve Tisch for Escape Artists as well as Molly Allen, MGM Television and James Lasdun. Having starred in the first two seasons of The Mandalorian and guest appearances in The Book of Boba Fett, Pedro still has plenty more screen roles in the pipeline. He’ll soon be seen as iconic video game character Joel in HBO’s adaptation of The Last of Us, along with fellow Game of Thrones alum Bella Ramsey. The Star Wars star has also made recent appearances in Wonder Woman 1984, The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent and The Bubble. Meanwhile, David is fresh off returning with Winona Ryder and Millie Bobby Brown in the record-breaking fourth season of Stranger Things. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast skewers Labour MP over Mick Lynch support [INTERVIEW]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford on exploring ‘fresh trauma’ [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey taunts co-star in set blunder [VIDEO] In addition to his roles in Hellboy and Black Widow, he will also play Santa Clause in the upcoming Christmas comedy-action film Violent Night. He has also appeared on stage with American star Bill Pullman in the dark comedy play Mad House. After breaking onto the big screen, David is still set to return for a fifth and final season of Stranger Things at some point in the near future. A release date has not been announced, but production on the highly anticipated finale is hoped to begin soon. The Duffer Brothers have recently promised a slightly shortened season after the latest offering concluded with a staggering two-and-a-half-hour finale. Season five will pick up after the Upside Down began to bleed into Hawkins after the gang’s first battle against Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). The dark wizard was left brutally beaten but somehow still alive, so Eleven and her friends will need to give all they’ve got to ensure their town is saved once and for all. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.