Some 3,000 women a year will receive the life-extending medication Alpelisib, health bosses announced. And 650 patients with a certain type of breast cancer will win access to Trodelvy, which has been given the green light for NHS use despite being preliminarily rejected earlier this year. Baroness Delyth Morgan, chief executive at Breast Cancer Now which has been campaigning for Trodelvy to be made available, said: "The news that Trodelvy has finally been recommended for use on the NHS in England marks a momentous and hugely anticipated milestone for certain women living with incurable triple negative secondary breast cancer." "Following a devastating provisional rejection in April, this landmark decision will offer a new, effective treatment for these women, and crucially give them the hope of invaluable extra months to live and do what matters most to them and their loved ones." Both the drugs are to be made available by the NHS in England through the Cancer Drugs Fund. Helen Knight, interim director of medicines evaluation at the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (Nice), said: "Both are effective options that hold out the hope of a longer and better quality of life for people with these types of advanced breast cancer. Both represent another step in delaying chemotherapy, allowing people to stay well for longer." "We are pleased the companies which make these drugs have been able to work so constructively with us and NHS England to agree deals which mean we can make both available routinely on the NHS for around 3,450 people with these types of advanced ma roN breast cancer." Alpelisib is used in combination with the hormone therapy Fulvestrant to target a gene that causes fast-growing tumours. The drug works by blocking the gene's ability to help cancer cells to survive and grow. John Stewart, national director for specialised commissioning for the NHS in England, said: "This latest innovative treatment will help up to 3,000 more people to live a better quality of life." "This life-extending breast cancer treatment is the 100th to be rapidly made available to NHS patients thanks to the Cancer Drugs Fund, and will help people with secondary breast cancer to live longer." Health Secretary Steve Barclay said: "We are constantly monitoring the most promising treatments."