Good Morning Britain's Kate Garraway has pulled out of presenting the ITV morning show to be with husband Dereak Draper at hospital. It comes following reports that the former political reporter  is "seriously unwell" after falling ill with Covid two years ago. Now, a source has claimed that the GMB host is by her husband's side in hospital where he's receiving specialist care. They added that Kate has also pulled out of her presenting gig on Smooth FM. The source claimed: "Derek has been taken back to hospital this morning in a very serious condition." "Kate is by his side and is keeping it together as best she can. She’s a total professional and devoted to her work – both on Good Morning Britain and Smooth - but she had no choice but to step away this week to be there with him," they told The Sun. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly puts on sombre display at Deborah James funeral They went on to brand the time an "incredibly difficult" one for the ITV host. Express.co.uk has contacted Kate Garraway's representatives for comment. It comes after Kate shared how she is coping after Derek was hospitalised again amid his ongoing battle with long Covid. After more than a year in hospital, Derek returned home in April last year, but has been spending a lot of time back in hospital as of late. Good Morning Britain presenter Kate attended the TRIC Awards earlier in the month and candidly spoke about Derek’s health and how she is trying to remain positive. Speaking to Simon Gross at the event on Wednesday, Kate explained: “He's back in hospital I'm afraid so a bit of a downturn, but fingers crossed. “In terms of Covid, I mean when Derek got Covid there was no vaccine, there was no treatment, there were a lot of challenges. "Now we have those things, so on that level yes, it's not gone away," she added. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson reignites backlash, claiming 'global warming is over' [UPDATE]Heidi Klum, 49, showcases pert behind as she stuns in leggy display[ANALYSIS] Kate first confirmed that Derek had taken a turn for the worse last month and admitted that she was feeling “exhausted” and “fretful”. The presenter shared a serene clip of the flowers in her garden and told her 1.1 million followers that it is her “happy place”. She wrote on June 12: “So, Derek has been in and out of hospital a lot recently. Hopefully the wonderful health teams will help him improve, but I woke up early feeling exhausted and very fretful. “As you know my garden is my happy place so I came out for some calm...I certainly feel better for being in amongst it.” Kate and Derek have been married since 2005 and daughter Darcey was born the following year, followed by Billy in 2009. The family has documented Derek’s battle with long Covid in two ITV programmes: Finding Derek and Caring For Derek. Their story has touched the hearts of the nation and last year Finding Derek won a National Television Award for Best Documentary.