Claudia Winkleman will appear on TV screens tonight as the host of general knowledge quiz show One Question. Teams must answer just one question correctly to win £100,000. However, the one question comes with 20 potential answers - and only one is correct. Claudia is also known for her presenting role on Strictly Come Dancing on BBC One. She has been a main co-host alongside Tess Daly since 2014. On Instagram, Claudia can be found as @claudiawinkle with 679,000 followers. Most of her posts relate to her work, but every now and then she posts a snapshot into her home life. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ Claudia reportedly lives in a Grade-II listed townhouse near Marble Arch in London with her husband Kris Thykier ​and their three children. So what’s Claudia Winkleman’s home like? Express.co.uk takes a look… In many of Claudia’s videos and photos, her fans can see built-in bookshelves. The bookshelves seem to be from the floor to the ceiling and contain a plethora of books. A hint of a green wall can be seen in the background. DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] The presenter’s home is clearly traditional with Victorian-style coving on the ceiling above the bookshelf. In another video from February this year, Claudia revealed a glimpse inside her kitchen. Unlike the reception room, the kitchen appeared to be more modern. A white and grey marble splash back can be seen behind a large stainless steel stove in the kitchen. Claudia has kept the colour scheme neutral in this room with white, handle-less kitchen cabinets, white worktops and a stainless steel built-in fridge-freezer. In a photo from May 2019, Claudia can be seen taking a mirror selfie with a friend. In the background, her followers caught a glimpse of her home. Burgundy curtains can be seen as well as hooks shaped like antlers. Like many luxurious homes, Claudia has what appears to be a freestanding bath. The modern-style bathroom has marble tiles and flooring. In a photo from July 2018, Claudia can be seen sat in the bath with beauty expert Sali Hughes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  In an Instagram snap from March 2017, Claudia revealed a snapshot of another room. While her followers can’t see much, the room has been impeccably decorated. The room contains floor to ceiling panelling and has been painted a sage green colour. A piece of artwork with bright colours on it hangs in the centre. One Question airs on Channel 4 tonight at 8pm.