P-Valley follows the often difficult lives of strippers and rappers in Mississippi where many of them mingle at the iconic Pynk Club. Rapper Lil Murda (played by J. Alphonse Nicholson) and Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart) have had an on-off romance but in recent years, they have simply become companions with the latter as the star's head of security. In P-Valley's season two, episode six Savage, they decided to take a break away from work to spend some quality time together. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley and details of a sensitive nature. Needing a break from the Dirty Dozen tour, Lil Murda and Big Teak have a day off from traveling around the country. To thank him for everything he has done over the years, the rapper gives Big Teak a new car and he is overjoyed at the sentiment. They then start celebrating together as they hear Lil Murda's song on the radio and start dancing. However, it soon dawns on him the reality of the situation: Lil Murda is no longer his as he is truly in love with Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan). READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Savage also delved deeper into Big Teak's troubled childhood as he watched his mum kill his three siblings. He visits the home he grew up in and realises that he never properly dealt with that trauma at just seven years old and still grieves for them. Big Teak lost a decade of his life in prison as well and taking all of this into account, Lil Murda was the only light in his life. With the rapper now moved on with someone else, he felt like he had nothing else to live for. As they arrive at Clifford's doorstep, Big Teak pulls out a gun and points it at himself in the car. Lil Murda tries to convince him to put it down but his friend pulls the trigger, killing him instantly. The episode ends with the heartbroken rapper being consoled by Clifford as he sobs over Big Teak's body. Fans were left "in tears" at this tragic and unexpected death in P-Valley. DON'T MISS...Sue Barker in tears as BBC plays stunning tribute 'She is Wimbledon'  [TRIBUTE]P-Valley season 2: Fans left in ‘tears’ after emotional departure [REACTION]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star pays tribute to Loretta Devine [CAST] A stunned viewer commented: “This [P-Valley] episode is REAL. "There’s a lot of people fighting internal demons and no one can talk them out of it.” Another emotional fan wrote: “Whew I’m still not over this episode, this was a tough one”. While another added: “This episode is not a joke, it’s a message, check on your love ones that always appear to be the strong ones.” P-Valley won't be back in its usual timeslot at the weekend as it takes a break after the drama of episode six. The series will soon return though as episode seven, Jackson, is scheduled to air the following week on Sunday, July 27. An official synopsis hasn't been released but the aftermath of Big Teak's death is expected to play a big part. P-Valley is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK. The Samaritans helpline is 116 123.