The Labour leader and shadow foreign secretary flew to Germany on Thursday to meet with politicians and business leaders. While in the country, both Sir Keir and Mr Lammy visited the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin. Sir Keir posted on his Twitter account vowing to win the next UK general election, but used a video which included him looking solemn at the memorial site. In the clip, he and Mr Lammy walk through the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe’s concrete pillars. In Germany, photos and videos are generally allowed at the memorials, but it is a faux pas to take selfies or record videos. Photo, film and television recordings for commercial purposes require written permission. The use of the memorial in Sir Keir’s video has sparked outrage, with Twitter users calling it “hideously inappropriate”. The use of the memorial in Sir Keir’s video has sparked outrage, with Twitter users calling it “hideously inappropriate”. User @Arbeit_Fish called the video “utterly insane” and added: “Using the Holocaust Memorial as a prop to connote seriousness? hideously inappropriate…” User Afroze added: “Wtf is this messaging! How does that caption go with a picture of Starmer standing in front of the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin? “Blatant electioneering at the expense of holocaust victims??” More users poured scorn onto the video, with user @dollydimplearmy calling it “crass”. They said: “Easy to say they're badly advised (and they are) but you shouldn't need an advisor to know how bad this is. So, so crass and cynical.” User @NiSoc6655 added: “I've been to this memorial, it is an overwhelmingly claustrophobic feeling, walking among those blocks. “Using it as a photo opportunity seems crass to me.” While in Germany, Sir Keir also visited a section of the Berlin wall. On Friday, he was pictured by the landmark, erected in 1961 by the communist authorities to separate East and West Berlin. Sir Keir’s visit came ahead of a meeting between the Labour Leader and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. The pair discussed Brexit and mutual economic prosperity between the UK and Germany. On Thursday, the first day of his two-day trip to the German capital, Sir Keir met Wolfgang Schmidt, Germany’s federal minister for special affairs, head of the chancellery and commissioner for the Federal Intelligence Service.