Whether you naturally have slow-growing hair or you have suddenly noticed the growth of your locks coming to a halt, according to NHS nurse, natural health expert and founder of SuperfoodLX, Cherry Francis, some foods could help to speed up the process. Hair growth can slow or stop due to age, genetics, hormonal changes or stress. In some cases, people may notice their hair has stopped growing in one particular spot, or that it's growing slower on one side of the head compared with another. Slow hair growth may also be the result of falling strands. According to the NHS, it is "normal" to lose hair, with many people losing anywhere between 50 and 100 strands a day without even noticing. READ MORE: Jane Seymour: Star on her 'near death experience' The health service added: "Some types of hair loss are permanent, like male and female pattern baldness. "This type of hair loss usually runs in the family. "Other types of hair loss may be temporary. They can be caused by an illness, stress, cancer treatment, weight loss or iron deficiency." Although your diet may not be able to combat hair loss entirely, it might be one way to help boost hair growth in certain circumstances. Superfoods can also be used in the form of oils or ointments and incorporated into your hair care routine. According to Ms Francis, superfoods in particular may be able to "accelerate" hair growth. She explained: "Seeds and superfoods can provide you with several nutrients linked to the promotion of hair growth - vitamin E, zinc and selenium to name a few. "In order to maximise the amount of vitamins, nutrients and amino acids you consume you should mix several together and make them a regular part of both your diet and your hair care plan." DON'T MISSDementia: The hair change seen in ‘70%’ of patients [REPORT]Covid: The symptom 'more likely' to show up in the fully vaccinated [INSIGHT]How to live longer: The anti-cancer fruit shown to 'promote longevity' [COMMENT] The health service added: "Some types of hair loss are permanent, like male and female pattern baldness. "This type of hair loss usually runs in the family. "Other types of hair loss may be temporary. They can be caused by an illness, stress, cancer treatment, weight loss or iron deficiency." Although your diet may not be able to combat hair loss entirely, it might be one way to help boost hair growth in certain circumstances. Superfoods can also be used in the form of oils or ointments and incorporated into your hair care routine. According to Ms Francis, superfoods in particular may be able to "accelerate" hair growth. She explained: "Seeds and superfoods can provide you with several nutrients linked to the promotion of hair growth - vitamin E, zinc and selenium to name a few. "In order to maximise the amount of vitamins, nutrients and amino acids you consume you should mix several together and make them a regular part of both your diet and your hair care plan." Ms Francis predicts watermelon seeds will soon "become mainstream in the hair care industry". According to the expert, watermelon seeds have powerful antioxidant properties, and watermelon seed oil can be massaged into the scalp to moisturise and nourish the hair, promoting new growth. Sea buckthorn is a plant found throughout Europe and Asia. The leaves, flowers, seeds, and fruits are used often as medicine. According to Ms Francis, sea buckthorn oil contains 190 nutrients and phytonutrients for both the skin and hair and can be massaged into the scalp. She said: "Vitamin A, C, and E as well as Omega 3, 6, 7, and 9 present in sea buckthorn oil enhances circulation in the scalp and improves natural hair growth and maintenance." However, Web MD added: "People use sea buckthorn for burns, eczema, acne, indigestion, high blood pressure, wrinkled skin, and many other purposes, but there is no good scientific evidence to support most of uses." Papaya contains vitamins A, B, and C, as well as proteolytic enzymes such as papain and chymopapain - and also has antibacterial, antifungal, and antiviral properties. Ms Francis suggested making a hair conditioning mask with half a papaya and a cup of coconut oil to stimulate growth and prevent dandruff. Furthermore, according to a 2012 study, vitamin A in papaya can have positive effects on hair by helping your scalp produce sebum strengthening and protecting the hair. Papaya as part of your diet also gives an extra antioxidant boost, which is great for heart, as well as hair, health. This oil from the Amazon comes from a plant called the Seje Palm, and has been used for centuries by women in South America to improve the strength and health of their hair, skin, and nails. Seje-ungurahua is used both in cooking as vegetable oil and in soaps, candles and all-natural cosmetics. In its oil form, it is a strong antioxidant that contains low concentrations of saturated fatty acids. According to Ms Francis: "Seje has a high concentration of unsaturated fatty acids - primarily oleic acid which makes a perfect moisturising oil for dry hair. "It also has a natural infusion of active antioxidants, antibacterials, and microcirculatory properties which work together to balance and restore the scalp."