Big Teak (played by John Clarence Stewart) has become one of the most impactful members of the P-Valley cast despite appearing in just a few episodes of the hit Starz drama. The recurring star has now taken to his personal Instagram page to thank viewers who sent their support after his character’s intense conclusion in episode six, Savage. John has sent a heartfelt message to his 116k followers for tuning into Big Teak’s tragic episode on Sunday. Teak’s secret relationship with up-and-coming hip-hop star Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) was pushed to its limit and sadly ended with the former shooting himself after an intense conversation. The actor has since posted a compilation video of his time on the show, set to the track Fallin’ by his on-screen partner which features in the series. “The outpouring of love and testimony has been overwhelming,” he wrote. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury “For everyone that sees themselves in Big Teak, in Lil Murda, in anyone in the Pynk Framily that is moving through." John signed off: “I love you. We love you. #bigteak.” He went on to pay tribute to the show’s creator Katori Hall, the episode’s director Melanie Mayron and the rest of the series’ crew. Despite his limited stint on the series, Teak’s death will have a major impact on Lil Murda from this point on. In the final moments of the series, the rapper finally reunited with The Pynk’s proprietor and his former lover Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan), who will provide some much-needed support after the tragedy. Meanwhile, P-Valley fans have sent John an outpouring of support for his compelling and sensitive portrayal of one of the show’s most complex characters. @swenny_sven_sven replied: “Bravo to your work. I'm still numb from your scenes two days later! “You brought character through like nothing I've seen before on screen, but definitely in real life. Keep rising brotha! Keep rising!” DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Travis Fimmel confirms new role away from History drama [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes in bizarre GB News rant over hot taps [VIDEO]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sent tributes as he celebrates with cast [INSIGHT] @oh_thats_nette commented: “You did an amazing job, what a season already." “This scene right here really did it for me. Incredible. I’m still in awe!!!” @_khaotic_kris exclaimed. “This was so powerful on so many levels,” @abbagrlzbling wrote. “We truly don’t understand the pain that the Black man carries behind his gangster. Thank you for putting it out there. Brilliant.” @reznicole527_ said: “You were amazing and unforgettable and I can’t wait to watch more of your projects.” And @mahoganymelody added: “I wasn’t ready yet, I just wasn’t. This character was so complex, tortured, sensitive, loving, protective….. Snatched my heart from my soul!” (sic) While the second season of P-Valley continues going from strength to strength in the remaining four episodes, John will be seen in his next TV project, a queer romantic drama titled Remember. P-Valley season 2 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.