Kerry (played by Laura Norton) has been left confused by Al's (Michael Wildman) cold approach to her in recent weeks on Emmerdale, not realising his mind has been firmly on Chas (Lucy Pargeter). Earlier this week, the couple split up as the businessman thought he could make his mistress fall in love with him on the ITV soap. However, in Friday's instalment, it seemed all was forgiven as he got back together with his partner but she might already know about his affair. The latest episode began with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) realising Kerry and Al were no longer an item, with the vet saying: "I'm so sorry." Deflated by the fact another romance had come to an end, Kerry replied: "I always wondered what he saw in us. Turns out it was nothing much." Trying to bolster her ego, Paddy told her: "No, you must never say that. You both just seemed so solid, or not. I don't know." "I'm possessive, apparently. I just got mad because I went all the way to the hotel in my sexy gear. I just stood there at reception like a wholly, that's why I had a go at him," Kerry explained, discussing an incident which happened earlier in the week. "It's not that I'm not wanting to trust him, it's just with his record I can't help but think the worst," the beloved character remarked. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne "If there is any doubt, he's probably not the man for you," Paddy told his friend, before relaying the information to Chas. The Woolpack bar manager was livid to discover Al had broken the rules of their affair and was starting to develop feelings for her. Hoping they wouldn't be seen, the pair met up away from the village and this is where Chas ended things with the villain. Despite Al trying to win her back, Chas wasn't having any of it and returned to the village to try and seduce her husband. Meanwhile, the businessman returned to Kerry's house with his tail between his legs as he realised he made a rash decision. With Kerry standing in the front room, Al said: "Look, I would have come sooner but I was worried you weren't going to forgive me." "Sorry, what? Backup," Kerry replied, making it seem as if she knew he was lying about where he had been and what he had been up to. "I didn't mean any of those things. I was just jet lagged, I was tired from the trip, and I was still in work mode. You know me, I can't switch off," Al said as he manipulated his girlfriend. "You're all I've been thinking about. Catching your eye across the room, seeing your smile, just for me. The anticipation of your body against mine," he continued. "I mean, you could have just said that instead of calling us a Bunny Boiler," Kerry replied, seemingly buying Al's story. DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] "I'm saying it now. Kerry, I don't want us to split up. I need you," Al continued with Kerry leading him upstairs soon after. It seemed the couple were back on track and there weren't going to be any more hurdles coming their way in the future. However, before the end credits rolled, the businessman and Chas shared a glance with one another before the Woolpack resident drew her curtains. For now, it seems the affair is over but Kerry might already know this as she could have followed Al to his meeting with Chas. Listening in from afar, she would have realised her man was cheating on her and how he didn't seem to care about her. After also hearing the affair was over, Kerry could have known she could play this in her favour as she curated a revenge plan in her mind. As well as taking Al for all he's worth, the beloved character could decide to confront Chas about trying to steal her man. In the midst of the argument, neither character might not realise Kerry would have accidentally knocked over a candle, which was part of the decoration Chas had put together for a romantic night with Paddy. With the flames taking hold, the pair still might not realise what's happening until they see smoke filling out into the pub. Whether they get out or not would be a huge cliffhanger and if Al went to try and save them, who would he decide to rock his own life for? The actor who plays Al, Michael, has discussed how his character is unlikely to confess his sins and so he would need to be found out. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap star said: "I doubt very much he’s going to come clean. "I don’t know. There’s got to be maybe a time where he will come clean with someone he’s cheated on. At this moment in time, he gets to a point where he’s not getting something that he’s looking for in the current relationship that he’s in, and that’s where he always goes wrong. "That’s where Chas comes along and offers him the kind of comfort and support he’s not getting somewhere else. That’s his biggest downfall." Known for killing people in fires, will Kerry strike again as she tries to get rid of Chas? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.