After withdrawing from the Conservative leadership contest, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has vowed to back Rishi Sunak and support him as a candidate to become the next Prime Minister. Frontrunner Rishi Sunak, former Chancellor until he resigned from Boris Johnson's Government, has come under fire for some of his tax rises during the pandemic, which he says were necessary to finance the furlough scheme aimed at protecting households and workers from unemployment. While Mr Schapps argued Rishi Sunak would be a best candidate for cutting taxes, LBC’s Nick Ferrari put him on the spot. Mr Ferrari interjected: "Cut taxes? He’s the Chancellor who’s just imposed taxes." Mr Shapps tentatively retorted: "No, last week, he did the biggest personal taxation cut for… a generation." Mr Ferrari fired back: "We live under the biggest tax take in 40 years, which obviously is not solely down to Rishi Sunak. But he was the man with the Red Box until a few weeks ago!" Mr Shapps admitted: "Sure. But I think we need to recognise we’ve also gone through the worst pandemic in 100 years. People understand. And I remember being on your programme many times where we talked about the £420billion of support – billion – that we provided."   "And that does mean that it must be paid for," Mr Shapps added. Mr Ferrari noted: "10 percent of which we never found." Mr Shapps squirmed: "Well, we can go back to those benches, I’m not sure about which period you’re talking about." Mr Ferrari doubled down: "We understand that around 10 percent was claimed erroneously by companies." Mr Shapps conceded: "Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah, so…" READ MORE: 30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on Mr Ferrari slashed: "Does that speak to fiscal responsibility with Mr Sunak?" Mr Shapps defended: "The furlough scheme which kept, what was it? 11.6 million people in their jobs? Kept businesses going. In like any scheme, there can be abuse. But these people are being pursued, so I think the figures you’re quoting include money that is being recovered and is being pursued. "But the point about this is that, you know, we had a huge pandemic. Yes, then taxes became high. "We saw last week the biggest tax cut worth about £330 for somebody on average salary. That’s because we took National Insurance where you start paying tax and raised it to around £12,500. So that was Rishi doing that. DON'T MISS:'Might see pretty dramatic changes' premiership still up for grabs [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: Horror as Brexiteers leaving door wide open for Sunak [LIVE]Tory leadership race gets nasty with explosive attacks hurled at Rishi [INSIGHT] Mr Shappes pointed put Rishi Sunak said that "it’s not a question of if we have to tax scale cuts. It’s a question of when. And I like that idea that you control inflation. You don’t cut taxes and then add to inflation. You control inflation and then do further tax cuts whilst making sure you bring the overall size debt down." In defence of Rishi Sunak's tax-cutting record, Mr Shapps concluded: "And I think all those things are sensible. I think he’s got a sensible plan. I think he’s serious and credible. That’s why I’m backing Rishi for Prime Minister." Rishi Sunak and seven other Conservative hopefuls will be facing off in Wednesday’s vote. The former Chancellor – the early favourite in this race – is likely to qualify for Thursday’s second round of voting and Monday’s final vote before the Parliament's summer recess. According to polling guru Chris Curtis, Mr Sunak could face off Penny Mordaunt in the last stretch of the race. READ NEXT:Rishi Sunak’s ‘sound judgement’ wins supportSunak turns to Thatcher after Cabinet beasts back former ChancellorBrexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their bannerSunak warned he faces TWO major opponents in battle to PM'Likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on his backing