Speaking about the frosty relationship between the two brothers, royal commentator Jane Moore referenced Princess Anne's tumultuous relationship with ex-husband Mark Phillips. Despite tensions, the pair appeared a model of unity at his daughter's wedding last week. Ms Moore said the Royal Family usually consider it "vulgar" to appear bothered by "bruised emotions" after a split. Writing for the Sun, she said Princess Anne's situation may perhaps give the Cambridges and Sussexes "some much-needed perspective" over their disagreement. She wrote: "If the Phillips clan can show unity after everything they’ve been through, surely a little squabble over bridesmaids’ tights can be resolved?" Princess Anne watched as her ex-husband, Captain Mark Phillips, walked his daughter, Stephanie, from his second marriage down the aisle on Saturday.  Stephanie, 24, grew up on Anne's Gatcombe Park estate, where Captain Phillips, 73, continued to live after divorcing Anne in 1992. The set-up meant Stephanie was raised close to her half-siblings Zara and Peter Phillips, who were there with their partners Mike Tindall and Lindsay Wallace to watch her tie to knot with her long-term partner William Hosier. Any tension between the Princess Royal, 71, and her ex-husband, who was there with his new girlfriend Lindsay Wallace was not shown as they watched their young daughter say I do. In keeping with the sense of marital and ex-marital harmony, Peter's ex-wife Autumn also attended the ceremony with her new boyfriend, property developer Donal Mulryan. READ MORE: Prince George 'got a little shy' answering question at Wimbledon Ms Moore said Princess Anne met Mark Phillips in 1968, while she was still "lovestruck" with Andrew Parker-Bowles - who she was banned from marrying because he was Catholic. She wrote: "So he went on to marry, you’ve guessed it, a young woman called Camilla, who ended up having an affair with Princess Anne’s brother, Charles, and is now our future Queen Consort. "If all of the above played out on The Jeremy Kyle Show, there would be widespread castigation about declining morals that threaten the very fabric of society, blah, blah, blah". Ms Moore said the royal's "disdain" for vulgarity usually "prevents them from behaving badly after a split - hence the hotchpotch of exes, currents and blended siblings who pitched up to celebrate Stephanie’s wedding". DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry set to travel to New York [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton and Prince William could face row with Prince Andrew [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [COMMENT] Speaking of the Princess Royal's unusual family set-up, Ms Moore said Harry and William should "take a leaf out" of her book and quash their problems. The two royal brothers have remained distant since the Sussexes chose to step back from their senior royal roles and move to the US in 2020. The couple's explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey then followed months of fallout between the two royal couples. During the interview, the Duke of Sussex explained Kate had made her cry in the days leading up to her wedding to Prince Harry, over an issue with bridesmaid dresses. An insider claimed that the fallout was over whether the bridesmaids should wear tights or not, with Kate, wanting to follow protocol, while Meghan didn't want them to wear tights.