Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly holding onto dreams of joining Bayern Munich as he jets back to the UK for crunch talks with Erik ten Hag. The Portuguese asked to leave Old Trafford after they failed to qualify for the Champions League last season, but the Red Devils are seemingly in no mood to sell and the player's agent, Jorge Mendes, has not yet been able to find him a new club. Ronaldo's return to Old Trafford was impressive on an individual level, scoring 24 goals in all competitions and finishing third in the race for the Premier League Golden Boot. But as a collective it was one of the worst seasons in United's recent history, scraping a sixth-place finish on the final day. That leaves Ronaldo facing a campaign without Champions League football for the first time in almost two decades, and after stewing on his decision, the 37-year-old told the Red Devils that he would like to leave earlier this month. The former Real Madrid superstar flew back to the UK on Monday evening and is set to hold talks with Ten Hag on his future over the coming days. With less than two weeks until United's opener against Brighton, the window of opportunity to sell and sign a replacement is constantly shrinking. JUST IN: Arsenal star William Saliba's agent 'meets Marseille president' in worrying development According to transfer insider Pedro Sepulveda, Ronaldo is keen to join Bayern Munich despite the German club distancing themselves from any potential deal. Bayern have a high-profile vacancy up top after parting company with star striker Robert Lewandowski, who forced through a move to Barcelona. Finding Ronaldo a new club has not been an easy process, and Mendes supposedly informed interested parties that the forward would be willing to take a 30 per cent pay cut to ditch the Red Devils. Chelsea discussed the possibility before deciding against the move, while the likes of Napoli and Atletico Madrid are thought to be in the running. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already signed three players to replace RonaldoMan Utd could help Chelsea sign Kounde as Barcelona seek to fix £8.4m problemWest Ham have second striker 'on radar' once £33.5m Scamacca deal done There was reportedly optimism that a loan switch to Atletico could be thrashed out, despite his prior loyalties to Los Blancos, but the Spanish side would have to make room by selling players. Antoine Griezmann and Alvaro Morata have both been touted for exits that could facilitate Ronaldo's return to La Liga, having left the Bernabeu in 2018. The Portuguese international missed all four matches of United's pre-season tour of Australia due to a family issue in his homeland. Ronaldo recently posted a picture of himself training in a Lisbon gym as he prepares to make his return - wherever that may be. United's stance remains clear, and Ten Hag has not wavered from that stance when talking to the media in recent weeks. "I would like to keep him," he said. "He's been very important to Manchester United and he can produce great statistics. We are planning for Cristiano in the season and that's it, I'm looking forward to working with him. "I have read [the rumours], but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. What I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together. He is training. I think we all know Ronaldo is a top professional and will be fit, that's the last concern I have."