Whoopi Goldberg spat on the panel desk to show her disgust live on air during Wednesday’s instalment of The View. A series of clips, which were shared without permission from the grieving families, shows police officers waiting to approach the gunman as he shot 19 children and two teachers dead. On the morning of May 24, 18-year-old Salvador Ramos went into Robb Elementary school in Uvalde and shot 19 school children dead along with two teachers. Since then, the Texas newspaper Austin American-Statesman has leaked footage from inside the corridors showing the events that took place on that tragic day. In the clips, people can see an array of police officers in the building standing back as the gunman shot and killed the innocent victims. However, the footage was shared without the consent of the grieving families which has left actress Whoopi Goldberg outraged.  During Wednesday’s instalment of the ABC talk show The View, the panel spoke about the topic with 66-year-old Whoopi slamming the publication for their decision. She said: “I find it indefensible. I’m sorry you forgot that, attached to all those sounds, are people’s children, and you didn’t have to do this. “They were going to see this video on Sunday, you did not have to release this and leak it. ‘I think it’s appalling, and you should be ashamed of yourselves for doing that.”  The panellist continued: “For being thoughtless about the parents who have to relive this every day because it’s on television every time you turn around. ‘I don’t know if you guys over at that newspaper have kids but shame on you. I know it doesn’t mean anything coming from me, but shame on you.’ During her rampage, the star spat at the table in anger which erupted in applause from the audience who echoed her thoughts. Sunny Hostin shared her opinions on the footage being leaked as she stated their was no question that the parents of the victims should have been informed  However, she proceeded to call the clips being shared a “difficult balancing act” when it comes to journalistic ethics. She said: “It's so important that we be able to, as the public… videos, in my view, lead to just results, increased training, awareness, it can really change the public narrative.’ There were 82 minutes of CCTV footage that were shared from the shooting which show the police waiting 77 minutes to intervene. According to the BBC, one family member at a press conference in Washington DC. said: "Whoever leaked that video... I pray that you never have to deal with what all the parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, uncles are dealing with. Shame on you.”  However, the publication that leaked the video has since defended their decision. In a statement on their site, it reads: "We have to bear witness to history, and transparency with unrelenting reporting is a way to bring change. “We also are publishing a narrative story. Our editorial process for the video and story also included a thorough legal review. “Our goal is to continue to bring to light what happened at Robb Elementary, which the families and friends of the Uvalde shooting victims have long been asking for since the tragedy on May 24.” 