Kaye Adams has admitted lying to her daughter about her age, keeping it hidden until she was 12. The Loose Women presenter, 59, explained that she kept her real age a secret from her daughter Charley, saying that she was 10 years younger than she actually was. Reflecting on the move, Kaye branded the move "sick". The Loose Women star said: "It’s pathetic but I lopped off 10 years and merrily lied away, including a fake date of birth which I had off pat. "I’m generally an honest person but I’ve always been a good liar and parents lie all the time to little children," she explained. Kaye went on to add that at the time she thought it was "funny", but has since reassessed. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce She continued: "At the time I did it without thinking – it’s just a stupid habit you get into and think it’s funny. "But now when I look back, I think, ‘Oh my God, you were sick'," she told The Mirror. The star went on to admit that the last birthday she properly celebrated was when she turned 30, adding that she's since "avoided" celebrations. Kaye went onto recall that she broke the news to Charley when she was 12, adding that she was "genuinely disappointed" in her mother upon hearing the news. The star admitted that she also attempted to conceal her age from her Loose Women co-stars, resulting in Nadia "stealing her driving licence" in a bid to learn the truth. Kaye shares two daughters Charleyand Bonnie with her husband of 17 years, Ian Campbell. The star joined Loose Women in 1999, briefly departing in 2006 and rejoining in 2013. It comes after Kaye admitted that she struggles working with "touchy-feely" people, due to her Scottish heritage. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT]Liz Hurley, 57, stuns as she displays peachy rear in white bikini [ANALYSIS]Kat Graham on claims she 'took over' from co-star Nina Dobrev [UPDATE] Kaye has previously spoken in her podcast about the work dynamic between the panellists on the show, revealing that she and her colleague Jane Moore work with women who are "luvvies", something they are not really into. As she approaches 60, Kaye released a new podcast in which she invites guests to offer her help and advice before she reaches the milestone age. In one of the episodes, Kaye invited her colleague Jane on the show, as well as journalist Karen MacKenzie. Karen asked Kaye and Jane how they feel being around people who are quite affectionate. Kaye replied: "It's a bit about being Scottish. But Funnily enough having worked in England for a long time and with people like Jane, you know, luvvies. "Jane's not very luvvy actually, but you know what I mean, Jane. "We do work with luvvies don't we? Who are much more touchy-feely." Kaye then gave examples of those she works with who are more affectionate than she is used to, including their fellow Loose Women panelist Nadia Sawalha.