Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will reportedly meet with technical director Darren Fletcher this week to discuss whether and where young duo Zidane Iqbal and Charlie Savage should be sent on loan this campaign. The pair performed well during pre-season, giving the Red Devils hierarchy a tough decision to make regarding their development. Savage, teenage son of former Premier League midfielder Robbie, is a Welsh U19 international and made his senior United debut last term. The 19-year-old has already nurtured a reputation for his passing, and is believed to have made a good impression on Ten Hag during the pre-season tour of Australia. Iqbal, meanwhile, prefers to play further forward but can deputise anywhere in midfield. The full Iraqi international saw action in each of United's four matches down under, while Savage emerged from the bench in all but one match. According to The Times, Fletcher and Ten Hag are scheduled to meet this week and discuss whether and where the duo should be sent on loan for the upcoming season. JUST IN: Roberto Firmino 'very close' to Liverpool exit with consequences for Man Utd and Chelsea Clubs with promising young talent have long been presented with a difficult balancing act as regular game time can help to add steel, but keeping them close to home allows managers to monitor their development. James Garner, who is two years older than Iqbal and Savage, spent last campaign helping Nottingham Forest achieve promotion from the Championship. The 21-year-old played an integral role last term, and many expect him to be gradually phased into the first team at Old Trafford. DON'T MISSEriksen 'scores on Man Utd debut' as Martinez makes bow in friendlyArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twist The promising pre-season performances from Savage and Iqbal supposedly mean that their most likely loan destination will be the Championship. United have no issues sending their youngsters down to the second tier as Tahith Chong spent last season with Birmingham City, and Hannibal Mejbri could follow suit for a temporary stint in 2022/23. But there are obvious merits to keeping the Red Devils' best youngsters in and around the squad, particularly given Ten Hag's distinct play style. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola was put under intense pressure to give Phil Foden more responsibility or loan him elsewhere when he was rising through the ranks, but he now appears to be reaping the rewards for taking it steady.  In United's current midfield contingent, the likes of Scott McTominay, Fred, Donny van de Beek and Garner have been joined by Christian Eriksen, who scored on his non-competitive debut in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Wrexham on Wednesday. Fans are still pushing for more arrivals, however, and they could get another when Frenkie de Jong's long-running transfer saga finally comes to an end. The Dutchman's camp are supposedly butting heads with Barcelona over millions of pounds in deferred wages, which currently stands in the way of his passage to Old Trafford. 