Vladimir Putin has been called upon by Belarusian President Lukashenko to launch a nuclear strike "to counter the West’s global hegemony." The Belarusian leader’s call comes as the Western countries – and most notably, the United States – are ratcheting up their weapons deliveries to Ukraine to help the country defend itself against Russia’s invasion. Joe Biden’s Administration has announced an extra $820million in additional military aid for Ukraine. During a meeting with Russia’s Foreign Minister Serger Lavrov, President Lukashenko said: "Russia should be ready to deploy nuclear weapons to counter the West’s global hegemony." President Lukashenko made the statement during a one-on-one meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Minsk. According to Belarusian state-owned agency BelTA, Mr Lavrov and Mr Lukashenko discussed their countries’ security and foreign policy amid the Ukraine war. Speaking alongside Lavrov, Lukashenko accused the West of promoting bias amid the ongoing war.  He said: "We must be ready.  In the year 1941, you and I did not take part. But we have the historical memory. When we thought, believed, that is why we believe. But we must remain alert in all areas." For his part, Mr Lavrov reportedly said: "Russia and Belarus will firmly maintain that their legitimate security interests in an era when NATO continues to act very aggressively are respected. We always stand for dialogue. We always stand for the decisions that ensure equality and balance of interests." The Kremlin has been amplifying Putin’s message that NATO’s eastward expansion represents a direct threat to Russia since the beginning of the war. READ MORE: Putin hints at unleashing horror defence pact with Belarus Vladimir Putin leveraged that argument to launch the invasion of Ukraine in late February, saying: "NATO has been openly talking about the need to speed up, force the advancement of the alliance's infrastructure to the borders of Russia. "We can no longer just watch what is happening. It would be absolutely irresponsible on our part," he added. Mr Lukashenko appears to be Vladimir Putin’s last remaining ally, as the world has rallied behind Ukraine in its defence against Putin’s invasion. DON'T MISS:Putin forcing Belarus to join Ukraine war and strike major aid points [REPORT]Russia to send nuclear-capable missiles to Belarus WITHIN MONTHS [REPORT]What is happening between Lithuania and Russia? [EXPLAINER] At a summit in Moscow to mark the 20th anniversary of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO) – a military alliance of post-soviet states – Mr Lukashenko was the only leader to call on the alliance to unite its forces to protect Russia. "Without a united front, the collective West will build up pressure on the post-Soviet space," he said in a speech. Speaking at a forum last Sunday, Belarusian strongman called on post-Soviet countries to seek closer ties with Russia in order to preserve their sovereignty and independence. READ NEXT:Ukraine braces for SECOND attack - Lukashenko moves troopsNATO warned 'prepare to defend weakest point' in Suwalki GapWhy no tennis player can copy Russian's plan to avoid Wimbledon banUkrainian-born Kudla speaks on Wimbledon Russia ban and points stripUkrainian-born tennis star Denis Kudla 'not against Russians playing'