Nick Kyrgios called for Stefanos Tsitsipas to be kicked out of Wimbledon after the Greek tennis star smashed a ball into the crowd and appeared to hit someone. The match on Court One promised to be an explosive affair with both players big personalities on and off the court.  But the third-round clash descended into chaos during the second set when Kyrgios continued to argue with the umpire. Two line judges complained about Kyrgios to the umpire with a supervisor called to the court. Despite Kyrgios' actions, the majority of the Wimbledon crowd were in full support of the Aussie with Tsitsipas coming off as the villain. And the 23-year-old was clearly agitated after Kyrgios broke his serve to win the second set. Court One erupted into loud applause for Kyrgios and Tsitsipas reacted by smashing a ball into the crowd. That left Kygios incensed and he immediately called for the umpire to hand Tsitsipas default.  And the Australian tennis star refused to play until he spoke with another supervisor about the rules. "He just hit a ball in the f****** crowd, are you dumb?" Kyrgios complained. "What classifies as that then? You can hit a ball in the crowd and not get hit with something? So now they have to be hurt? That's a disgrace. You just change the rules whenever you want. Bring your supervisor out. "What the f*** are you talking about, bro. It happened right there. What are you guys talking about? Bring out more supervisors, I'm not done. Bring them all out. "You don't hit a ball into the crowd and not get a default. Give me more supervisors, I'm not done. If that was me you would default me. He has just hit the ball in the f***ing crowd, are you dumb? It's a default brother. It's a default! "So you can hit a ball into the crowd and hit someone and not get defaulted? Are you dumb? Okay, so now it classifies to be hurt? You're a disgrace. You just change the rules whenever you want. Bring your supervisor out." When the supervisor came out onto the court Kyrgios reference Novak Djokovic being defaulted from the of the US Open in 2020. He added: "Can we talk about Novak? He's someone that didn't hit it hard and he got defaulted to why are you not doing it to him? Yes it is the same, you were right there."  