The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge won huge praises as it emerged the charity polo game played by William at Windsor on Wednesday had been massively successful. The second-in-line to the throne could also rejoice as his team came out a winner in the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022. After learning about the eye-watering sum raised, many royal fans took to Twitter to praise Kate and William. One, @Briannaishere3 wrote: "Wow, phenomenal! What an extraordinary afternoon of polo and fundraising!" Another, @karendiamond1, complimented the team the Duke was part of saying: "Well done Team William, fabulous sum of money raised." And @monamm2175 added: "Cambridges always win. Class act as always." The after-match also included an intimate moment for the Duke and Duchess, which sparked a frenzy among their fans. As Kate handed William and the winning team the trophies, the Duke leaned in for a kiss on the cheeks. @LydiaL41A commented: "Awww he is so sweet. He loves his girl!!" @YolandaPodsiad1 also tweeted: "Love this! And as always, a class act! A well deserved kiss given for a job well done!!!" READ MORE: Rafael Nadal snubbed Queen after declining rare invite from monarch And @PersonalityWow added: "Their [heart emoji] for each other shows that happiness are shared together wherever they are. "Beautiful true smile is genuine also! It’s contagious! Thank you, #AikoHillCalifornia USA." Royal fans were also treated to pictures of the Cambridges' family dog, as their new black cocker spaniel Orla was also at the game. Prince William's team included James Harper, named as captain of the England team for the match against Uruguay for the Coronation Cup at Guards later this month. The goal of this game was to raise funds for charities linked to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as well as put a spotlight on them. The patronages and organisations to benefit from the fundraiser were SHOUT, The Foundling Museum, The Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, London’s Air Ambulance, Mountain Rescue England and Wales, The Anna Freud Centre, Family Action, The Forward Trust, East Anglia Children’s Hospice (EACH) and The Passage, Kensington Palace said last week. The Duke has been playing polo since his teenage years, with the love for the sport being passed on to him by Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales also infected his youngest son with the love for polo, as Prince Harry is also a keen player. William's successes on the pitch are even more impressive when considered he is left-handed but, in accordance with polo's rules, he has to play with his right hand. The last time the Duke stepped on the pitch for a charity match was in July last year. Prior to 2021, he was last seen playing in July 2019, when he faced Prince Harry in another match aiming to raise money for charities. While the Duke of Sussex relocated to the US in March 2020, he did not abandon the much-loved game. Earlier this year, it emerged Harry had joined the Los Padres team in Santa Barbara, led by his friend and professional polo player Nacho Figueras. Harry has since been seen playing a number of times with his teammates. In May, he and Meghan hosted the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy to raise funds for charity.