Thick plumes of smoke can be seen billowing above Eaton Place in London. Pictures from the scene, shared on social media, show shocked onlookers watching from a distance as the emergency unfolds. The London Fire Brigade said they were called at 11.41am. They are continuing to tackle the fire at a five storey residential town house, "where the roof is completely alight". Part of a flat on the third floor and other on the floor above are also alight.  Twelve fire engines and around 80 firefighters have been called to the flat fire on Eaton Place. Crews from Clapham, Dowgate, Soho, Hammersmith and other surrounding fire stations are at the scene. Residents have been urged to keep their doors and windows shut due to the smoke. They are also being advised to avoid the area as some nearby roads are now closed.    The cause of the fire has yet to be determined at this early stage. The London Fire Brigade said in a statement: "Twelve fire engines and around 80 firefighters have been called to a flat fire on Eaton Place in Westminster. "Firefighters are tackling a fire at a five storey residential town house, where the roof is completely alight. "Part of a flat on the third and a flat on the fourth floor are also alight. READ MORE: British company to revamp former Royal Navy ship for Lithuania  "The Brigade's Control Office has received 26 calls about the fire. "Residents in the area are advised to keep their doors and windows shut due to the smoke and advised to avoid the area as there are road closures in place. "The Brigade was called at 1141. Fire crews from Clapham, Dowgate, Soho, Hammersmith and other surrounding fire stations are at the scene. "The cause of the fire is not known at this stage." DON'T MISSUK energy bills to rise by £100 over use of 'Soviet style' heat pumps [REPORT]'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [COMMENTS]Rishi Sunak SUPPORTED indyref2 after Brexit – unearthed comments [LATEST]   Westminster City Council tweeted: "We are aware of a fire at Eaton Place. "We are working closely with @LondonFire and @MPSWestminster and have officers on the scene to support any residents who need it. "Roads in the vicinity are closed so please use alternative routes if you’re travelling in and around the area." 