Jewellery consultant Susan Rumfitt was presented with a striking yellow-stoned ring in a classic instalment of Antiques Roadshow. The guest on the BBC One programme thought the vintage piece was just costume jewellery, so she was stunned when Susan revealed it was worth thousands of pounds. Susan began by asking her guest how she had acquired the eye-catching Art Deco ring which she described as sunshine in a box. The bold piece of jewellery was made in the 1930s and is known as a "cocktail ring". The guest explained the ring belonged to a relative of her mother's who lived in Philadelphia. She said: "When she died her jewellery was sent to my mum, which included rings and brooches." The guest appeared on the BBC show as she was hoping the expert could shine a light on the ring's history even though she thought it was "an ugly lump of glass".  READ MORE: Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby  Susan quipped: "So you were hoping something nice might come your way - do you like it?" The guest admitted she was not a fan of the bold ring as it was "a bit too much" for her. Susan replied: "That's a shame, it's a gorgeous colour though, it's a really pretty colour. "And if it is glass, it's definitely a nice piece of glass."  Susan had a closer inspection of the lemony yellow ring, adding: "You have said yourself it is mounted with diamonds and set in platinum, so that kind of indicates it might not be a lump of glass, doesn't it?" The setting of the stone was very typical of the 1930s period and Susan felt the ring had a very Art Deco feel to it. She then stunned her guest when she revealed the stone was actually a yellow sapphire. Susan added: "I can understand why you thought it might have been a citrine as you do get that range of yellows from that light, very punchy yellows. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Robert Burns poem [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow star Eric Knowles values Express readers' treasures [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [MUST SEE] "Of course the other thing which it could have been was a yellow diamond, but it's not, so we are not getting too excited. "But it really is a great stone to have and it's a very hard stone, hence the reasons you are getting that glassy look to it. "It is the hardest gemstone after diamonds so you can cut them really well and this emerald cut as we have here just works really well with it." Susan did a quick measurement of the ring and revealed it was about 16 carats which left the guest completely gobsmacked.  She then told her guest how much she thought the ring could fetch at auction. "It's certainly brightened up my day, and if it went into auction you would be looking at an estimate of between £4,000 and £5,000," Susan shared. "You're kidding me," the guest added. "That's ridiculous." Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 