Nick Kyrgios claims to have rattled Novak Djokovic during their two previous matches, with the duo set to face off again in Sunday's Wimbledon final. The air of unpredictability around Kyrgios adds an extra element for opponents to tackle, and he supposedly plans to use that to his advantage against the Serb. Kyrgios has been on a dream run at SW19 this year, beating the likes of Stefanos Tsitsipas before Rafael Nadal's withdrawal gave him a free pass to the final. The Aussie has never been this far in a Grand Slam, but he will have to defeat a modern-day legend in Djokovic to clear the final hurdle. The duo have faced off twice before, with Kyrgios coming out on top both times. Kyrgios and Djokovic have never met on grass, however, with the latter a specialist on the surface and on a mind-boggling undefeated streak at the All England Club which stretches back to 2017. In an interview with Turn Up The Talk earlier this year, Kyrgios was asked whether there is a particular opponent he might 'put it on a bit for'. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Novak Djokovic booed by crowd as BBC commentator comes under fire https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyQgJMVKZtg "When I play Djokovic - the two times I've played him, I was talking during the entire change of ends," said the 27-year-old. "I was talking when we crossed paths, even to myself. "He would just look back and he'd be like, 'This guy has so many screws loose'. Just little things, if he missed the ball I'd be like, 'There it is'. He would side-eye me and I knew I was right where I wanted to be. "If I don't do that, my chances of winning go down immensely. If I'm just trying to be professional and outclass him, it's not going to happen. Classy and Kyrgios don't go together. I know how to win." Kyrgios has rarely been far from controversy during this year's Wimbledon run, having been fined twice for appearing to spit at a spectator in the first round and arguing furiously with the umpire during his clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas. It remains to be seen whether the Aussie will put on a show against Djokovic, or whether his mind will be focused solely on the action. Despite having discussed his antics against the Serb, Kyrgios recently admitted that the two have been in contact over the past few days after a 'bromance' developed following Djokovic's Covid vaccine saga. "We definitely have a bit of a bromance now, which is weird," he explained. "I think everyone knows there was no love lost for a while there. I think it was healthy for the sport. I think every time we played each other, there was hype around it. It was interesting for the media, the people watching, all that. "I felt like I was almost the only kind of player and someone to stand up for him with all that kind of drama at the Australian Open. I feel like that's where respect is kind of earned. Not on the tennis court, but I feel like when a real life crisis is happening and someone stands up for you."