Netflix will be releasing Boo B**** tomorrow (July 8), which sees two seniors plan to live their best lives before they graduate and head to college. However, things take an unexpected turn after they wind up dead and come back as ghosts. Despite now being members of the undead, they plan to continue living their best afterlives and becoming even more famous in death. Speaking about the role of Erika, lead star Lana Condor said: “It was really such a rollercoaster and oftentimes a whiplash of a journey for me. “I think she really goes - Erica’s journey is really on polar extremes.” She described Erika as “very sweet” when audiences first met her before transforming into the “worst kind of human”. Condor said: “And that for me was interesting because tracking emotionally how I could subtly make that change - because I didn’t want if to feel like it was out of nowhere. “But then again, we only have this time to make it work. But I think tracking that subtle change into full b**** mode was interesting. “Then once I lived in that mode space that was where my whiplash came because I’ve never done anything like that before. “I’ve never played a character before that’s that horrible to people, especially to friends.” Condor added to ScreenRant: “So that was interesting for me like flexing a new acting muscle that I hadn’t done before.” Erika Vu - Lana Condor In one of her biggest roles since playing Lara Jean in the To All The Boys film franchise, Vietnamese-born, American actress Condor takes the lead as Erika Vu. Along with starring in the To All The Boys movies, she has also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse, Patriots Days as well as lending her voice to BoJack Horseman and Rilakkuma and Kaoru. Condor not only takes the lead in Boo, B**** but is also an executive producer on the limited series. Her upcoming roles include Wile E. Coyote which is currently filming and Rilakkuma's Theme Park Adventure, which is in post-production. DON'T MISS...Will there be a season 2 of The Summer I Turned Pretty? [EXPLAINER]How old is Conrad in The Summer I Turned Pretty? [ANALYSIS]How many episodes are in The Summer I Turned Pretty? [INSIGHT] Gia - Zoe Colletti Joining Condor is Zoe Colletti as Erika’s best friend Gia, who is also killed in the same accident and ends up as a ghost. Coletti’s previous roles have included City on a Hill, Fear the Walking Dead, Rubicon and Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark. The actress has a raft of projects in the pipeline including Gigi & Nate, TV series Acts of Crime, and Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark 2. Jake C. - Mason Versaw Upcoming star Mason Versaw plays Erika’s love interest Jake C. with Boo, B**** marking the star’s biggest role to date after appearing in Sex Appeal, Blue Bloods, and Gossip Girl. Riley - Aparna Brielle Playing popular girl and antagonist Riley is Aparna Brielle, who has previously starred in The Dead Girls Detective Agency, A.P. Bio, Swiss and Lali Hijack Hollywood, and Grimm. Gavin - Tenzing Norgay Trainor In the role of Gavin is Tenzing Norgay Trainor, who has featrued in Liv and Maddie, Knight Squad, The Stranded, and American Housewife. Devon - Jason Genao On My Block actor Jason Genao plays Devon in the show with the actor also featuring in The Get Down, God Friended Me, and The Priest. Lea - Jami Alix Another rising star is Jami Alex as popular girl Lea with the actress previously appearing in Coop and Cami Ask the World, Sergey’s Fortune, and The Match Other cast members include Ozark’s Madison Thompson as Emma, Zachary Fineman as Felix, Brittany Bardwell as Sophia, Mary Aldousary as Ms Dollar, and Nick Benson as Chase. Boo B**** is released on Netflix on July 8