Princess Anne, 71, and Timothy Laurence, 67, tied the knot in 1992 in Scotland. In 1993, after getting married, the couple occupied a two-bedroom flat in Drake House on Dolphin Square in Westminster, London. The Princess Royal described it as having "nosy neighbours" and "noisy traffic".  Therefore it is not surprising they moved out a few months later, swapping their £1,300 per month flat for Buckingham Palace. Photos released shortly before she moved in showed a look at the retro interiors. The bedroom featured high ceilings with cream carpets and walls. Anne and Timothy had a wooden bed frame, dressed with white linen, and two black bedside tables, with a single pink fringed lamp at one side. The second bedroom in the home featured a small wooden desk at the window, a matching towel rack and two chest of drawers. The living room was decorated with the same cream carpets and walls as seen throughout the property.  Large sash windows with black frames provided plenty of natural light, and furniture included a velvet green sofa with pink cushions, a wooden coffee table with a glass top, and a wooden rocking chair with patterned cushions. Anne's kitchen was fitted with white cupboards and appliances, grey worktops, and cream and black patterned tiles on the floor. A white sash window at the sink overlooked the gardens of the apartment block. READ MORE: William and Kate outdone as surprising duo crowned hardest working The kitchen, dining and living room formed an open-plan space, with an island unit between the kitchen and dining area. A table for two was positioned in the middle, with a patterned tablecloth, and a view of the living space and a traditional fireplace beneath a painting mounted on the wall.  The apartment overlooked the Princess Royal’s road, as well as a tennis court on the opposite side of the road. Anne now lives on the Gatcombe Park estate with Timothy. Both Anne’s children, Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall, live on the estate with their families. 