 Starz’s hit drama series, Outlander made its highly anticipated return to screens with season six in March, after a nearly two-year hiatus. With fans eagerly awaiting the release of its upcoming instalment, the Jamie Fraser star has lifted the lid on the intimate sex scenes.    Since Outlander first landed in 2014, there have been a number of steamy scenes, keeping viewers hot under the collar. Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) shared major chemistry after they first met under mysterious circumstances in season one. Claire, who had been on honeymoon with her husband Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies) was transported from 1945 to 1734. After realising she time-travelled, a baffled Claire then went into hiding with Jamie, who had been blamed for a crime he didn’t commit. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool   As Claire was an English woman who was without the protection of a man in Scotland, she became a target to Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies). To avoid this, she became a Scot through marriage after tying the knot with Jamie. Episode seven, titled Wedding Night, was also the first time the pair spent the night together as a married couple. With the more recent sixth season, the Frasers have since expanded their family, and the actors have shared multiple sex scenes.    In a recent interview with Gold Derby, actor Sam Heughan opened up about the intimate scenes and revealed he enjoyed them. Recalling a scene from season six, he said: “When he comes back from being away, I remember even choreographing that scene. “He throws his jacket at Mrs Bug and jumps up the stairs and just the sheer pace of it, and the lightness he’s got in him." “I really enjoy those moments,” Heughan admitted. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7: Golden clue suggests Jocasta Cameron return [INSIGHT]      Due to the sex scenes in the show, Heughan revealed he worked with an intimacy coordinator during season six. Speaking to Digital Spy, the actor revealed: “I suggested we get one after meeting her through [the] work I was doing through my former drama school. “It's a relatively new thing in the industry, and obviously there is a great deal of intimacy on our show. “In a way, it had kind of been left to Catriona and I to just sort of work our way through [sex scenes].”    Heughan explained: “Obviously we have got a way of working, and we have created this relationship. 