Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Skorjanec may not be returning to Strictly Come Dancing this year, but 2022 is set to have the biggest professional dancer line-up in history. Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka will be the latest additions to join the show.  With the new series of the BBC One dance competition looming, fans are eager to see which stars will be dancing to win the famous Glitterball Trophy. Although the celebrity line-up is yet to be revealed, bosses have confirmed the return of Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer and Katya Jones. Viewers can also expect to see Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu star in the new series. However, this year four new world-class dancers will complete the troupe, making it the biggest professional dancer line-up in history.   European cup winner Vito Coppola, Chinese National Champion Carlos Gu, former Under 21 British National Champion Lauren Oakley and Latin dance champion Michelle Tsiakkas have all been announced as the latest additions to the show. It comes after Strictly has seen a number of professional dancers leave over the past two years including AJ Pritchard, Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Skorjanec who was on the show for nearly a decade. Speaking about featuring in the 2022 series, Vito said he’s excited to become part of the Strictly family. He said: “I cannot wait to start this new adventure and to challenge myself. Strictly sto arrivando! (or: Strictly I am coming!)”  Vito most recently competed in and won Ballando con le Stelle, the Italian version of Strictly Come Dancing. Echoing his excitement, Lauren admitted she’s grown up watching the BBC One show and even appeared alongside Strictly regulars Giovanni Pernice and Anton Du Beke in their national tours She said: “I’ve grown up watching Strictly, always hoping that one day I could be part of the best show on television, doing what I love the most. “Now that it’s happening, it doesn’t quite seem real. I can’t wait to start this new sequined adventure and join this incredible family.”  It’s not just the professional dancers who have recently departed from the show as Bruno Tonioli’s exit has been confirmed with Anton Du Beke taking his place. Last year, the former dancer stood in for Bruno on the judging panel as he was unable to appear due to US travel restrictions. However, Anton will not be taking his seat full-time alongside Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Shirley Ballas. It looks as though 2022 will be a series full of changes after it was announced the bosses are eager for two same-sex couples to star in the line-up.  Following the positive response to Nicola Adams and John Whaite in their same-sex pairings, viewers can expect to see more all-male and all-female couples in the future. An insider teased: “It was clear from audience feedback that fans wanted to see celebrities competing with a partner of the same sex if that was their preference. “And the bosses have been very mindful of that for this series. “After an all-female pairing and an all-male pairing, this year they were keen to have both," they added to The Sun. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in the autumn. 