Tim Burton’s 1989 Batman was a wild card for many but its almost instant success revived the series after a few flops left critics thinking it was dead. Michael Keaton, who appears as the villain rather than the hero tonight in Spiderman: Homecoming, recalled how his co-star assured him of his place in Hollywood post-filming.   Keaton was the fourth actor to play Bruce Wayne and his alter-ego superhero Batman and was reportedly nervous about appearing alongside the acting prowess of Jack Nicholson. Nicholson would provide an unforgettable performance as the Joker, for many topped only by Heath Ledger. Although arch-nemesis on screen, the pair got along well on set, and while filming in London, Keaton was dragged off for a private conversation with Nicholson. Keaton told The Hollywood Reporter that simply being told to go with the actor somewhere was “an experience in and of itself”. Once in the car the pair began talking about the movie they were filming, with Keaton noting “we all knew it was a huge risk”. READ MORE: Elvis: Daughter Lisa Marie's distress about the graveyard in Graceland's back garden  Keaton feared for his career, knowing that Batman could make or break it all for him, which is where Nicholson’s peculiar advice cropped up. Keaton shared: “Jack says, ‘Keats, if this thing’s a hit, you can go out and do four or five flops and not even worry about it’.” Essentially, Nicholson was saying that Keaton could ride out the success of this film and not worry about his reputation as much in his next few projects. In the interview, Keaton noted that the Hollywood landscape is no longer like that, saying “You’ve got one miss, which is f****d up”. But the film was incredibly successful, earning almost ten times its $48million (£40million) budget at the box office.     As a result, Keaton and Nicholson became synonymous with the film, and while they both went on to do multiple projects and garner fame for other roles, for many, they will always be known as the Batman and the Joker. Surprisingly, in the beginning, the pair were almost overlooked for the roles, with other actors also gunning for their starring appearances. Keaton was somewhat of a casting surprise at the time, having been known for more light-hearted and comedic roles many debated whether he could pull-off the brooding vigilante. Ray Liotta almost donned the cowl instead of Keaton because of this, although he reportedly turned down the role, being sceptical of the film and the direction Burton was attempting to take the pivotal character in. Similarly, John Lithgow had auditioned for the Joker, but later reported he botched it on purpose as he did not expect the film to become anything big.  Lithgow, like many, did not expect much from a superhero film as 1987’s Superman IV: The Quest For Peace had flopped so hard to wobble the foundations of the genre. It was only once he heard that Burton was considering the likes of Nicholson and Robin Williams that he realised the calibre of the film. Lithgow and Liotta have since said they regret their decisions. The film spawned a sequel a few years later as well with the 1992 Batman Returns seeing Keaton back in the cowl. Whether it is nostalgia or preference, in the three decades since Batman Keaton has continuously returned to the superhero genre.  Keaton switched it up in 2017’s Spiderman: Homecoming, playing the villain Adrian Toomes, or the Vulture, rather than the hero. He would revive this role in 2022’s Marvel film Morbius in a quick post-credit scene. More notably, Keaton is expected to return as Bruce Wayne in Batgirl due to be released at the end of this year and in The Flash which is scheduled to premiere next summer. Spiderman: Homecoming is showing at 10:30 tonight on BBC One.