The Duchess is marking her upcoming milestone birthday by guest editing a special royal edition of Country Life. The special issue, celebrating the royal's 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary, will present a picture of Camilla on the front cover. Released today, the snap shows the Duchess smiling while sitting on a wooden bench in the gardens of Raymill, her Wiltshire retreat. In the picture, Camilla dons a blue and white floral dress underneath a baby blue cardigan. Surrounded by nature, Prince Charles's wife also holds a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. This photograph isn't important just because it has been taken for a special edition of Country Life. The portrait also marks a milestone partnership between Camilla and her daughter-in-law Kate, appointed by the Duchess to take photographs of herself for the magazine. Another snap taken by Prince William's wife will be featured on the leader page. The relaxing shot will show the Duchess of Cornwall walking through forget-me-nots at Raymill. The guest-edited special issue of Country Life will be released on July 13, just a few days before Camilla's birthday. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief Speaking about Camilla and Kate's partnership for Country Life, its editor-in-chief Mark Hedges said: "We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" Camilla is the third royal guest editor of Country Life. Her husband Prince Charles famously took the helm of the magazine on two occasions - first in 2013 to mark his 65th birthday and again in 2018, for his 70th year. The latter proved to be a major success for both Charles and Country Life, as it became the magazine's biggest-selling issue of all time. Princess Anne also commemorated a milestone birthday, her 70th, by guest editing the pages of the magazine in the summer of 2020. Camilla and Kate's partnership for the magazine comes after they played key roles throughout the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. On the first day of the extended bank holiday, Kate and Camilla led the carriage procession and shared their one with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. As working members of the Firm, they also joined the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast. The two royals and their husbands were among the hundreds of people attending the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on the second day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, followed by a lunch at Guildhall. Among the public appearances they made during the extended bank holiday weekend, Kate and Camilla returned to the balcony of the Queen's residence in London on June 5. With this appearance, the sovereign showcased the future of the monarchy, as she was surrounded by her three direct heirs and their immediate family. Over the past months, Kate and Camilla have attended several events together, including the Garter Day service in mid-June and the Commonwealth Day service in March. In February, Kate joined the Duchess and Prince Charles for a visit to The Prince's Foundation training site in London. The joint effort stemmed from a love for the arts shared by the three members of the Firm.