Allegations against the Duchess of Cornwall have surfaced after Tom Bower's unauthorised biography about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The biography, named Revenge: Meghan, Harry and The War Between The Windsors, features “interviews from insiders who have never spoken before". In the book, it was claimed Camilla made a remark about Archie having a "ginger afro" which led to many speculating she was "racist royal" Meghan and Harry referenced in their interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan and Harry previously accused a member of the Royal Family of being racist, which soon created a “witch-hunt” to find out who it was they were referring to. Following the allegations in Tom Bower's biography, Camilla is said to have gone to great lengths to make it clear she is not the person referred to in the now infamous Oprah Winfrey chat. The Sussexes claimed to Oprah a senior royal, who they didn't name, had asked how "dark his skin might be when he's born" when discussing Archie. Speaking to Mark Dolan on GB News, royal expert Kinsey Schofield explained: "I have to tell you over in America, Page Six, which is the number one gossip blog, the number one gossip outlet, it's been around forever, they say that Camilla's people and anonymous sources have reached out to them to let them know that Camilla is not the royal racist and she is not who Harry and Megan were talking about during the Oprah interview. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands "They did not necessarily deny that comment, but they say that she is not racist and she is not the person Harry and Megan were talking about during the Oprah interview, which just leads me to repeat how unfair this witch hunt has been going on ever since that interview. "I wish they would have just come out and said who said exactly what so that we wouldn't be having this conversation every six months." She added: “I don't think Camilla is a racist person. "And while I do love Diana, I think that Camilla has really earned her place within the royal family, and actually, now she's surprisingly one of the least problematic members of the British Royal Family. "It really is surprising if you think back.” Kinsey's comments come after it was reported the Queen has invited Meghan and Harry to Balmoral this summer, with the move being seen as an olive branch. The Sussexes spent little time with the Queen during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this year, during which they finally introduced their daughter Lilibet to her great-grandmother. They left after just a couple of days to celebrate their daughter, Lilibet's first birthday, which they wanted to be personal and intimate. DON'T MISS...'Camilla wants me to teach Charles to tango!' says Vincent Simone [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Queen gives Kate and William vital role  [LATEST]Prince Charles and Camilla to start summer break with royal tradition [ANALYSIS] Her Majesty is set to spend her summer break in the Scottish Highlands, with staff warned to expect the US-based couple as well as their two children. A source told The Sun newspaper: “Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children Archie and Lilibet." Bower's book comes at a pivotal point for the Royal Family as their strained relationship with the couple has barely been repaired. His book describes Meghan as "self-centred, manipulative and demanding" and brands Harry as "spoiled, badly educated, simple-minded and demanding". He claimed the couple became "agents of destruction" and believes only Meghan was bright enough to execute the plan. Harry and Meghan's relationship became strained with the Royal Family after they quit as working royals and moved over to California in 2020. Mark Dolan Tonight airs Saturday and Sunday from 9pm on GB News.