Bravo’s popular reality show spin-off is returning for a superyacht-sized premiere episode later this month to kick off its hotly anticipated seventh season. Captain Sandy Yawn has now teased what Below Deck Mediterranean fans can expect to see from the crew after it underwent a dramatic shake-up this year. Captain Sandy has admitted she’s somewhat sceptical the new department heads will rise to the challenge of Below Deck Med’s seventh season. Season seven has been filming in Malta for the first time ever aboard the superyacht Home. Following the departure of some major Below Deck players over the years, the next season will introduce a completely new crew. “Well, it’s always a mystery,” Sandy told fans of her new recruits. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Just two members of the crew, deckhands Courtney Veale and Mzi ‘Zee’ Dempers, will be reuniting with the famous skipper this season. Coming aboard the Home this time will be chef David White, Chief Stewardess Natasha ‘Tasha’ Webb and a whole host of new deckhands, stewards and bosuns. “Will they know their job? Have they lied on their CV?” Sandy went on to detail her concerns. “Will they be full of awesome-sauce? And will we deliver five-star service? That is my hope with the department heads.” Both Below Deck and Bravo’s equally popular spin-offs have been packed with chaotic and controversial moments from both the crew and the guests over the years. Last year’s instalment of Mediterranean proved particularly anarchic thanks to the antics of second stewardess Lexi Wilson, who ignited feuds with several members of the crew. Hopefully, the new team will be able to stay on Sandy’s good side to make Home’s first Below Deck charter go relatively smoothly. Thankfully, the Captain stayed mostly positive about her experience this season despite her concerns with the new crew. DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Brie star teases next role away from series [INTERVIEW]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Lil Murda stay pays tribute after emotional reunion [COMMENT] “I laughed every day. Every day laughter, laughter, laughter,” Sandy revealed in her latest Cameo video. She then added another tease: “Except for the days there’s no laughter!” Although fans can’t wait for another round of luxury cruising, it’s the feuds, fall-outs and crew drama which will become the biggest talking points of the next season. Thankfully, Sandy is still enjoying her job as a luxury yacht captain despite having to deal with a new cast of bickering deckhands each season. In her new Q&A Sandy was asked: “What is the best part of my job? Driving big boats, travelling the world and mentoring the crew!” Sandy also teased in the new trailer: “This is my first time ever in Malta. “This season, for me, it's a new place, a new boat, with new department heads.” Hopefully Sandy and her new Chief Stew Tasha can ensure the Home avoids treading dangerous waters, though fans know by now it’s never completely smooth sailing when it comes to Below Deck. Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 begins Monday, July 11 on Bravo in the USA. Captain Sandy is available on Cameo.