But they rightly ask - where is NATO? Ukraine is fighting Europe’s war and whilst the gift of militarily ammunition and kit is welcome it has all come too late to prevent Russia capturing the bulk of Donbas. Next stop for Putin is to advance further down the Black Sea coast to Odesa. Of course Russian losses of both tanks and soldiers have been humiliating. It’s initial effort to take Kyiv was a disaster. But unlike the West, such losses matter little so long as the Kremlin can claim victory. Putin is still in power. International sanctions have not triggered a coup and our support for Ukraine’s military has not altered the direction of this war. If we are honest, Putin has controlled the agenda since March, spooking the West with nuclear threats and weaponising oil, gas and grain distribution to sow discord in Western Governments, some of which are already muttering of appeasement. No wonder General Sir Patrick Sanders, Head of the British Army, spoke of this being our 1937 moment. The world is once again repeating the mistakes of the past: strutting dictators, weak international institutions unable to stop errant nations, democracy retreating. And most critically, no international leadership. No plan. NATO may pat itself on the back as it expands and consolidates following the humiliating retreat from Afghanistan. But it shows little interest in formally supporting European democracies outside the club. It fails to appreciate that if this fire in Ukraine is not put out it will spread to other parts of Europe. If Russia wins in the Donbas the top brass I met know Putin could pivot his war machine to Western Ukraine and conquer the whole Black Sea coast. Odesa falling would mean Ukraine would end up landlocked. No wonder next door Moldova is nervous. A neutral country with a small army, facing Russians in the break-away state of Transnistria. Imagine an enemy squatting in Wales for 30 years and you get the picture. For them the conflict is certainly getting closer and Moldova fears it will be the new front line. The international community needs better, less risk averse statecraft to avoid this scenario and properly back Ukraine. A simple solution involves the port of Odesa. This Russian proposal agreed in Turkey on Friday to allow the port to operate was a complete bluff.   Less than a day later Russian cruise missiles struck the port. It was astonishing to see the West (including the UK) seriously support it. It was all a ruse to lull Ukraine into removing their sea defences. But with the ink hardly dry on the deal, it is now a dead letter. We still need a solution to get the grain out to avoid acute hunger across the world. In Odesa I got the support of senior military, the city mayor and the port authorities for an ambitious plan to turn the port area into a UN humanitarian safe haven on humanitarian grounds. A UN General assembly resolution would designate a UN patrolled shipping lane to allow the massive grain cargo ships safe passage to their international destinations. Effectively, the port will be removed from the war. If we don’t act soon not only will Ukraine’s economy continue to suffer but millions of countries around the world such as Egypt, Lebanon and Somalia will face serious famine. And the cost of living will continue to rise, including in the UK, due to the chronic shortage of grain. We can fix this - but it requires leadership and co-ordination. And the courage to make it happen. 