Chelsea Dickenson, the Cheap Holiday Expert, is a pro at getting the best deal on a holiday. She told Express.co.uk how to make the most of hand luggage and shared a few money-saving holiday hacks. Many airlines now only offer one personal item as included hand luggage. Passengers will need to fit the bag under the seat in front of them. Chelsea said: “It’s totally doable. My top tip is to get yourself a backpack. “Get a soft fabric bag that you’re able to store as much in because then you’re not giving away any weight or centimetres to wheels. “Think about all that lost space in between the wheels, that’s what I always think of. READ MORE: Cruise line finds way to dodge Venice’s cruise ship ban “I have found as well when it’s on your back, they don’t mind as much if it’s a little bigger as they’re really looking out for the wheels. “But if you’re using a fabric bag and you are slightly over, you can take a couple of items out and put them on.” When it comes to packing, Chelsea says: “I always make a plan and write down exactly what I’m going to wear on each day of the holiday. “I tend to only plan for days and then I’ll do a couple of evening outfits and that’s it. “Make a list and see it as a capsule wardrobe, can you rewear an item several times? “When it comes to packing it’s all about vacuum bags and definitely get the ones that you can roll by hand. “I have my own reusable clear bag for liquids and I also like to decant everything, even my foundation, into little pots.” If tourists have their own bag which meets with requirements they’re all set for a summer holiday. READ MORE: Kate's affordable summer destination where children enjoy 'picnics' Holidays have soared in price this year and many Britons are looking for deals to help them get away. Chelsea said: “When you’re exploring a city, just Google to find a self guided tour. Then loads of people have already done the hard work for you essentially. “I like to hire an e-scooter or an e-bike because you don’t want to get exhausted walking if it’s a hot summer day. “It makes it really fun and it’s super affordable. If you use an app like Bolt you already have it on your phone and you know how much it’s going to be. It’s a really good way of elevating a basic tour.” Chelsea would always recommend staying in self-catered accommodation so tourists can save money by cooking for themselves. She said: “If you’re in self-catered accommodation try to order a takeaway because it’s a great way to try the local foods. “If you order on Bolt you don’t have to worry about the tips and you know how much it’s going to cost. “I like to takeout and then go and eat the food in a park with a nice view. I think it’s a really nice way to compromise on affordability but not lose out on one of the great things about going away, which is eating!” Visit Bolt to download the app to book e-scooters, bikes or order food. 