James May is off to Italy for his latest Amazon Prime Video series and it will see the Grand Tour star travel from Palermo to the Dolomites. Whilst in the beautiful country, he will explore everything it has to offer from food to culture and sport. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the show will arrive. Our Man in Italy is a follow-up to the star's original series, James May: Our Man in Japan, which came out in 2020. James will be trying to find out the secret to living a happy life in Italy this time around. The travel series will arrive on Amazon Prime Video on July 15, and it will be made up of six episodes. As was the case with the Japan series, all six episodes are expected to arrive at the same time. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom star pays tribute to ‘incredible’ actor Emily Cox The original series should be available to watch from midnight GMT (Greenwich Mean Time) on Friday. This is equal to 1am British Summer Time on the morning of the release date. In general, Prime Video originals air at midnight GMT on the scheduled release date. Our Man in Italy will see James try and make sense of the Italian lifestyle. He will film in almost every region from Sicily to the Alps. Some notable destinations along the way include Ferrari's Fiorano test track in Maranello and a cheese bank in Montese. He will also stop off at the Grand Hotel Villa Serbelloni on Lake Como and a luthier in Cremona. Parma and Turin, where he meets Italian footballer Giorgio Chiellini, are also stops along the way. A trailer for the new series has been released and it shows James "uncovering the secrets of the sweet life". He says: "There are the things I would like to do in Italy and the things the producer and director think I should do in Italy." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas [THEORY] James May brands relationship with co-stars Jeremy & Richard 'fragile' [INTERVIEW] James May shuts down health scare 'That's b******s' [INSIGHT] The former Top Gear star is seen getting into all sorts of trouble as he tries his hand at various activities. The trailer ends with the presenter saying: "I hope that was as enjoyable for you to watch as it was for me to experience. But I bet it wasn't." James opened up about the best thing he learned whilst on his trip, and it may not be what fans expect. He told BT.com: "The most useful skill was either driving through Rome or, though it wasn’t on camera, learning how to hand-make macaroni. "Rolling out sheets of handmade pasta and then wrapping them around wire, it takes hours. "And you end up with a small bowl of pasta. But I can do it now. "You’d have to wait a day for me to make it, but I can do homemade macaroni with truffles or cheese." The presenter said it was "quite nice" to film a solo series, but said he could "get a little too immersed in things". He joked: "If it had just been left to me, you would have just got six episodes of me making bagpipes."  James May: Our Man in Italy airs on Amazon Prime Video on July 15.