Geena Davis was previously married to Jurassic Park actor Jeff Goldblum after the couple met on the set of their horror film Transylvania 6-500 in 1985. The Hollywood couple went on to tie the knot in 1987 but after four years of marriage, the couple called it quits. The Hollywood actor previously said it was love at first sight for them and they had a Las Vegas wedding ceremony. But their union did not last long and they parted ways after the actress filed for divorce in October 1990, citing "irreconcilable differences". Addressing their marriage one year later, Geena told People that the couple "certainly had high hopes" and "every good intention" regarding their marriage, adding that it was "upsetting" it could not work out between them. At the time, she did not reveal why they split — but in a previous interview, Jeff said he was not keen on starting a family. READ MORE: Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter Scout flashes bottom In an unearthed interview with GQ in 1989, the two had discussed having children but Geena had said at the time, that Jeff's acting gets in the way. She said: "Jeff has this idea that when we agree on a name, I'll instantly get pregnant. But you should hear the names he comes up with: Sophie, Jasper, Fuji." But years later, Jeff said that in his younger days he did not want to have children. The outlet noted that the actor revealed years later that "he'd never really wanted to have kids."  Speaking about their relationship over three decades ago, Jeff opened up about their romance. He said: "Geena made love, falling in love, so easy. She's purely loving, beguiling - irresistible. Steps would be taken gradually sometimes, and sometimes it swept along. "And, of course, I'm wildly attracted to her. Wildly attracted. We'd talk about marriage, bring up the idea more and more often over a period of months. "We could, we should, wouldn't it be romantic? We would act out small scenes of life together: 'Hi, honey, you got some mail today.' It was very sexy." DON'T MISS... American Pickers' Frank Fritz rushed to hospital after stroke[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood on losing her cool as she talks 'road rage'[ADMISSION]Liz Hurley, 57, leaves son Damian stunned as she sizzles in bikini[PICTURES] Geena also seemingly implied that things were not always easy when she compared her relationship with Jeff to an episode of the Dick Van Dyke Show, in which Laura admits her marriage to Rob is not perfect, nor do they "just laugh all day long" and have fun together all the time. Jeff has been happily married to his wife Emilie Livingston, 39, since 2015 and they raise two sons together. And the actor spoke candidly about his marriage and admitted he had "never been particularly passionate" about fatherhood before having Charlie Ocean, six, and River Joe, four, in an interview with Radio Times. Of becoming a dad, the actor, explained: "I never thought that I was going to do it. I had never been particularly passionate [about fatherhood] or envisioned it for myself – I don’t have any nieces or nephews, had never seen a birth before. "In the couple of lovely previous marriages I had, there was some fantasy talk about it, but never any serious business. "And I always thought it was a good thing that I didn’t have any drama with kids and breaking up." Geena has been married four times and she has since split from her former partner and father of her three children, Dr.Reza Jarrahy. The Thelma & Louise actress split from Jarrahy back in 2017 but the couple's divorce was settled last year.