Princess Anne is one of the hardest-working members of the Royal Family, although she has been known for making some scathing remarks in the past. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer bought up a certain moment whereby Princess Anne gave a "spicy" reply to a photographer. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "There was a great case, a bit more recently, probably in the early 2000s, maybe about 2005, 2006, a remember a photographer saying to me that he was out on the Sandringham Estate. "On a public road, perfectly legitimately photographing her riding a horse with somebody else, I think it might have been her brother Edward. "He [the photographer] said to her "Good Morning, Your Royal Highness", and she said "it was until I saw you". Ms Forsyth, laughing, said: "Oh spicy. READ MORE: 'Skeletons in the closet' Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week "She got out of the bed on the wrong side that morning". Ms Forsyth claimed that "we've never really seen" bad press or bad headlines about Princess Anne, "in recent years, anyway". Mr Palmer said: "There was a time when that wasn't the case at all. "You go back to the 1970s, 1980s, and she was telling photographers to "naff off", although stating that that "wasn't quite the phase she used". READ MORE: Kate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' in bid to avoid 'problems' Last week, the 71-year-old visited Northern Ireland. She made an appearance at a garden party at Hillsborough Castle and Gardens, where she could be seen greeting guests with Northern Ireland Secretary of State Brandon Lewis. The party was held to honour community workers and was the first annual garden party held at the castle since the beginning of the Covid pandemic. DON'T MISS On Friday [July 15], Anne joined the Queen on a surprise mother-daughter royal engagement. The pair officially opened the new Thames Hospice building in Maidenhead. Despite her ongoing mobility struggles, the 96-year-old monarch appeared in high spirits as she braved the heatwave, alongside her only daughter. READ NEXT: