Strike action commenced in June this year when the RMT union backed its workers across the transport industry as they held back their labour in pursuit of better conditions. Other industries have resolved to follow suit as the cost of living crisis bites, with prices now eroding salaries and Government intervention proving too little to compensate. Striking will help unions correct fortunes across several sectors but will do so by inconveniencing some people over the month ahead. The RMT-backed rail strikes in June saw transport across the UK hobbled between June 21, 23 and 25. Another union, the Transport Salaried Staffs’ Association (TSSA), may follow suit this month. The TSSA is currently balloting its members to decide whether to go ahead, and voting closes on July 11. The RMT hasn't ruled out striking again and could augment any incoming action later this month. READ MORE: Jobcentre closes immediately after man films outside on his phone While their rail worker counterparts are yet to commit, employees with bus firms have already announced plans for July. Hundreds of Stagecoach Merseyside workers have rejected a 10 percent pay rise and, with the backing of Unite, will strike. Engineers plan to walk out indefinitely from July 20 after withdrawing labour briefly between July 15 and 18. The 370 workers included in the action will leave after their colleagues in the Stagecoach Worthing branch were handed a 15.8 percent pay rise, Unite claimed. Royal Mail managers announced they would take action earlier this month amid pay disputes. Unite, which represents 2,400 managers in the company, said they would start with "work to rule" between July 15 and 19, where they would only complete their jobs as specified in their contracts. Strike action will follow between July 20 to 22 as Unite General Secretary Sharon Graham claimed recent cuts were due to a "culture of greed". Royal Mail representatives have claimed there are "no grounds for industrial action". Airline workers threatened strike action at a fragile time for the industry, with GMB and Unite unions coordinating dates in July for check-in staff. They initially planned strikes over the summer holidays but have since called them off, as they achieved a "vastly improved" pay offer for British Airways. Union members must now consider the offer to restore a 10 percent pay cut introduced during the pandemic in a vote. Another airline, Jet2, has followed suit with a similar pay offer, providing their employees with an eight percent raise and a £1,000 cost-of-living payment. Experts have warned a "summer of discontent" hangs on the horizon as workers become increasingly dismayed by the rising cost of living. While dire for people in the UK, the situation is not unique to the country alone. Strikes have shaken societies across Europe as workers band together to demand more. Thousands of people have protested in Ireland, with airline and rail strikes in Belgium and energy strikes in France.