Leeds United are closing in on the signing of two signings as Jesse Marsch looks to continue his summer spree. The Premier League side are set to complete a double swoop for Feyenoord winger Luis Sinisterra and RB Leipzig star Tyler Adams for a combined £40million to bolster their squad ahead of the new campaign. Marsch has wasted no time in searching for new signings after steering the club to survival last season, with the final touches being put on Adams’ move to link up with his former boss. The pair worked together at RB Leipzig at the start of last season during Marsch’s short-lived reign with the Bundesliga club. And after the clubs struck an agreement for a £20m deal, the 22-year-old is in line to become the club’s fourth summer signing once the final documents have been approved, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. READ MORE: Leeds identify Phillips replacement with Leipzig star Adams, a current USA international with 30 caps, made over 100 appearances in his four years with Leipzig. He is likely to be joined at Elland Road by Colombia international Sinisterra, who is poised to seal his move this week after the clubs agreed on a deal worth €25m (£21.4m) with add-ons. The 23-year-old has already agreed personal terms with Leeds, who have offered a five-year contract to the highly-rated winger. He scored 12 goals and registered seven assists in 30 Eredivisie appearances last season, as well as helping the Dutch side reach the Europa League Conference final. It promises to be a summer of change for Leeds as a number of players that rose to prominence under Marcelo Bielsa head for the exit. Kalvin Phillips joined Manchester City last week in a £45m deal, while Raphinha remains locked in talks with Chelsea and Barcelona over a blockbuster summer transfer worth around £60m. DON'T MISSLeeds 'submit request' for ex-Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyRaphinha 'prefers to stay at Leeds' over joining ChelseaLeeds may sign four stars as Raphinha and Phillips replacements sought  Marsch has already brought in Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen from Red Bull Salzburg, as well as Marc Roca from Bayern Munich, spending the entire £45m raised by selling Phillips. And the 48-year-old is eyeing more signings to join Adams and Sinisterra to form the American’s revolution. Club Brugge attacker Charles de Ketelaere is also on his shortlist and the Yorkshire outfit have offered £30m for the 21-year-old. The highly-rated Belgian, who has been dubbed as the new Kevin de Bruyne, scored 14 goals and created eight for his team-mates last season. He has been identified as a potential signing to replace Raphinha, given his ability to play across the front three and as a second striker. But according to reports in Belgium, the forward has his heart set on joining Serie A champions AC Milan and is not currently interested in moving to the English side.