July saw the hottest temperatures ever recorded in British history, with 40.3°C provisionally recorded at Coningsby, Lincolnshire, on July 19. The Met Office issued its longest-range Amber heat warning ever and its first ever Red warning for extreme heat over the conditions. As a result, many water companies have flagged their reservoirs are low. A hosepipe ban has been enforced for Southern Water customers from August 5. Using hosepipes to water gardens, clean cars, fill ornamental ponds and swimming pools will not be allowed. The firm said the ban was a "vital step" to protect the habitats of the River Test and the River Itchen where it extracts water. Southern Water explained: "For the past eight months we’ve had very little rain – way below average. In fact, we’re experiencing one of the driest years on record (for the past 131 years). River flows are now approximately 25% lower than they should be at this time of year, so we're asking you to limit your use to reduce the risk of further restrictions and disruption to water supplies, but more importantly to protect our local rivers." The hosepipe ban is in force for areas of Hampshire and the Isle of Wight for everyone who has their water supplied by Southern Water. A map showing all postcode areas affected by the TUB can be found below. The following activities are banned: This is the first time a TUB has been seen in the region since 2012.  And according to the Government, this is likely to be the first of several drought measures put in place ahead of the next heatwave. Dr Alison Hoyle, Director of Risk & Compliance at Southern Water, said: “We haven’t taken this decision lightly and we know the Temporary Use Ban will have an impact on our customers. We’re working with the Environment Agency to ensure that we act responsibly to protect our environment. We’re asking everyone in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight to do their bit by supporting these measures and only use the water that they need. “We’re experiencing one of the driest years on record for over a century and we’ve seen record temperatures. River flows are approximately 25% lower than they should be for July, which is equivalent to losing more than 25 million bathtubs of water. We're asking our customers to help protect our rivers and the habitats that live there by cutting back their water use. We believe a Temporary Use Ban is a responsible and vital step to reducing the amount of water being taken from the Rivers Test and Itchen.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare Anglian Water has ruled out a hosepipe ban for the East of England despite the dry summer. Spokeswoman Regan Harris said officials would continue to monitor the situation but there was "no immediate cause for concern". She added: "We're not proposing any restrictions at the moment but we definitely need to be mindful of the water we are using, to make sure there's enough to go around. If we get a second dry winter things will look significantly different for next year." Hafren Dyfrdwy has encouraged people to use water wisely over a dry spell for central Wales. James Jesic, Managing Director of Hafren Dyfrdwy, said: “Our region has seen a dry start to the year, with less rainfall than we would usually expect between April – June 2022. The current heatwave combined with the dry weather means that reservoir levels are lower than we would like them to be at this time of year. Although we have no current plans for a hosepipe ban, we are continuing to monitor the situation closely.” Wessex Water set out a drought plan that will "set out what will happen before, during, and after a drought to help maintain a secure supply of water to customers, and protect the environment". The plan says: "Under the most extreme circumstances, and once all other actions have been taken, would we consider applying to the government for an emergency drought order. “This would allow us to implement stand pipes, where water would be available to collect from a specific location, and rota cuts where water would only be available from customers’ taps at certain times of the day. "Once implemented this could mean the closure of schools and workplaces like during the Covid-19 pandemic, and cause significant societal disruption, as water is conserved to meet basic needs and the needs of the most vulnerable in society.” Portsmouth Water, which supplies water across the city and the surrounding towns, called on customers to use water “wisely” amid the Southern Water hosepipe ban. Bob Taylor, chief executive of Portsmouth Water said: “Whilst I can reassure you, we are not facing an immediate risk to our water supply, there is no significant rain currently on the long-range forecast and so, being prudent, I would like to ask all our customers to think about how they use water - and to use it wisely. We really appreciate all the support we have already received from our customers through the recent spell of exceptionally hot weather.” Bristol Water has previously promised it did not need to impose a hose pipe ban, but warned reservoirs are running lower than normal. A spokesperson for Bristol Water said: "Rainfall this year has been below average and as a result reservoir storage is lower than normal. However, our modelling and forecasts do not indicate the need to impose hosepipe bans or any other water supply restrictions during 2022."