The imminent release of Tom Bower’s biography on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will send shockwaves through the Sussex camp, a royal commentator says. The bombshell book containing accounts from "insiders who have never spoken before" is set to expose the intricate web surrounding the Sussexes and their relationship with the Royal Family. In a blow to the couple now based in California, the book "uncovers an astonishing story of love, betrayal, secrets and revenge." Speaking to GB News, royal commentator Sarah Robertson said: "I mean, this book, there are so many more bombshells in it. But yeah, it’s going to send total shockwaves through the Royal Family – and also through the Sussex camp who have been dreading it. "I mean Bower said: 'don’t expect to silence me' to Meghan Markle. He issued that warning. And has he landed a knock-out blow on her, he really has with this. "This book is explosive. It is the book that I have been waiting for with bated breath. And I can’t wait to put my hand on the actual whole copy." The biography, due to be released next Thursday, will lift the veil on the Sussexes’ deeply-held secrets ranging from courtroom dramas to courtier politics, leading investigative biographer Tom Bower revealed in the publicity material.  "So, some of the extracts that we’ve got coming through have the most explosive claims made by Tom Bower," said Ms Robertson. "We’ve heard how Megan and Harry had blindsided the Queen by choosing the name Lilibeth for their daughter who was born last year. "There are claims they had asked permission from the Queen but they had not bowed a say in that they’d registered Lilibeth’s name, had their lawyers register her name with the website two days before the child was born. "And Harry phoned the Queen after her birthday and told her – not ask – told her their daughter was going to be called Lilibeth, blindsiding the Queen "I mean that was such a private personal name given to the Queen by her grandfather George V who, I think, would be spinning in his grave at the tautness of the spectacle of which Harry and Meghan have reduced the royal family to." READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s favourite workout that ‘burns 700 calories’ a session Ms Robertson continued: "Other things that have come are Meghan’s friendships, so-called friendships with celebrities such as Serena Williams. Serena Williams told Vanity Fair when they were doing a bio piece on her before her engagement to Prince Harry that she wasn’t a friend of Meghan, that she was merely an acquaintance. "Meghan’s claims of philanthropy and global activism, which she wants to pride herself on, when Vanity Fair apparently fact-checked that the interview that they’d done with her, and she had claimed – I don’t know if you can remember – she’s spoken widely about this before. "That was she got Procter and Gamble in the United States to change the advertising slogan and so it wasn’t sexist towards women. And now Hillary Clinton had written a letter back to her and you know, Procter and Gamble. This was fictitious. "When Vanity Fair fact-checked this with Procter and Gamble and with advertising historians, it wasn’t true. Hillary Clinton never wrote a letter back. And it turns out it was a story that was concocted by Thomas Markle, an adoring father to his daughter." DON'T MISS:Royal Family: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [REVEAL]Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's claim Serena Williams was friend 'denied' by star [REPORT] Ms Robertson warned: "You know, and Meghan sort of carried this forward. So, there’s so much coming from how she snared Prince Harry and this image that she’s trying to create for herself. It’s just unravelling." Biographer Tom Bower, who has been described as "pulling no punches", reportedly spent a year collecting all the evidence and exclusive testimonies from both friends and enemies of Meghan. In 2021, Prince Harry provoked a "tsunami of fear" among the Royal family by revealing that he will release a tell-all book, which could drop "explosive truth bombs." The release date for the memoir has not been released yet. READ NEXT:Queen said ‘Thank goodness Meghan not coming’ on day of Philip funeraQueen laughs as chat with hospice user interrupted by husband's phonePrince Harry 'going for a bit more publicity' ahead of memoir launchPenny Mordaunt’s verdict on Meghan's Oprah chat: 'Facts vs feelings'Archie Harrison's heartmelting way to call Meghan Markle and Harry