Chelsea 'expect' to agree a fee with Sevilla for defender Jules Kounde as their lavish summer spending continues, according to reports. The La Liga side are keen to finally offload the 23-year-old this summer after the Blues reignited their interest from last year. Thomas Tuchel is desperate to sign another defender ahead of the new Premier League season and has revisited his interest in Kounde. Last year, Sevilla remained firm that the France international would not be sold but have since reneged on that stance. Chelsea have now tabled a bid in the region of £51m (€60m) for Kounde and 'expect' to conclude an agreement with Sevilla today, reports suggest. Kounde would become the West Londoners' second defensive reinforcement of the transfer window after Kalidou Koulibaly. But the transfer could yet depend on what Barcelona decide to do. The cash-strapped Catalan outfit are Kounde's preferred destination and could yet match Chelsea's offer to Sevilla. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd may axe star, Chelsea bid 'rejected' That is according to CBS Sports, who claim that Chelsea's move could yet be hijacked by Barca. Should the Spanish giants table a bid, it will be up to Kounde to decide where he wants to go. The former Bordeaux man was reportedly frustrated that he was unable to join Chelsea last year but enjoyed a successful season in the Spanish top-flight. He made 32 appearances as Sevilla finished fourth. Barca have been told by Sevilla's director of football, Monchi, to walk away if they cannot make an acceptable, straight-cash proposal. Kounde did not train with the club on Wednesday and they are preparing for his exit. DON'T MISS...Raphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing in Barca debutBarcelona: De Jong ‘open to Chelsea transfer’ and has bad Man Utd viewChelsea stung by former Man Utd boss Van Gaal in failed transfer The impending arrival of Kounde at Stamford Bridge would complete Tuchel's overhaul of his defence. The German lost key centre-backs Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger to free transfers at the end of last season, with the former ending up at Barca. Experienced Senegalese star Koulibaly has since joined Chelsea from Napoli for around £32m. The Blues apparently held an interest in former academy graduate Nathan Ake but were turned down by the now-Manchester City man. They also lost out to Bayern Munich in the race to sign Matthijs de Ligt from Juventus. Chelsea have also signed Raheem Sterling from Man City. The England attacker is expected to make his debut against US side Charlotte FC in the early hours of Thursday morning. A deal for Kounde would take new chairman Todd Boehly's spending well above £100m in his first transfer window since replacing sanctioned Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich.