Regé-Jean Page, 34, has hit out at Florence Pugh’s critics who made degrading comments about her breasts after she wore a nipple-baring dress at a fashion show in Rome. The Bridgerton actor called on men to “take a look at yourself” in an Instagram Story shared yesterday with his 6.3 million followers. He reposted Florence’s statement following the backlash, adding the caption: “‘What’s. So. Terrifying?’” alongside a clapping emoji. Regé then added: “Take a look at yourself fellas. “Then take a look at your mates and step up when it’s time to step up. “When the boys are out of line, have a word.” He continued: “The weird thing about misogyny is men actually listen to other men, so do your bit, cos [sic] the next few years in particular are gonna be a really good time to listen, and take some responsibility, for everyone’s sake. Safe.” Florence also lashed out at her critics in a lengthy statement that accompanied a series of pictures of herself in the couture dress, including one where she had covered her nipples with her index fingers. She began: “Listen, I knew when I wore that incredible Valentino dress that there was no way there wouldn’t be a commentary on it. “Whether it be negative or positive, we all knew what we were doing. “I was excited to wear it, not a wink of me was nervous. I wasn’t before, during or even now after.” The actress went on to stress how “vulgar” the men criticising the size of her breasts were. She added: “What’s been interesting to watch and witness is just how easy it is for men to totally destroy a woman’s body, publicly, proudly, for everyone to see. … “It isn’t the first time and certainly won’t be the last time a woman will hear what’s wrong with her body by a crowd of strangers, what’s worrying is just how vulgar some of you men can be. DON'T MISS:Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]Hugh Grant's payback praised as Piers says 'sack' MP [LATEST]Susan Sarandon admitted 'window may have closed' on love life [INSIGHT] “Thankfully, I’ve come to terms with the intricacies of my body that make me, me. “I’m happy with all of the ‘flaws’ that I couldn’t bear to look at when I was 14.” Florence went on to conclude her message by encouraging her naysayers to “grow up”. She typed: “Grow up. Respect people. Respect bodies. Respect all women. Respect humans. “Life will get a whole lot easier, I promise. And all because of two cute little nipples….” Florence received an outpouring of support from colleagues and fans who took to her post’s comments section. Actress Joey King said: “You are truly so amazing. You put into words what so many feel but can’t articulate.” Parks and Recreation star Aubrey Plaza said: “Ok this is what i been sayingggg.”