Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle live their lives in the spotlight and are constantly scrutinised by the public. Whether it's a public appearance or royal event, Kate and Meghan always have a perfect smile on their faces. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how authentic these beams are. Judi told Express.co.uk: "With Meghan and Kate we have two of the most beautiful smiles on the planet. "In terms of sheer beauty and aesthetics they are quite similar. "Both tend to perform symmetric mouth smiles with an even baring of the upper line of teeth." But according to the expert, are these smiles real, or have they been carefully cultivated for the camera - and how can she tell? READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding What gives the Duchess' away is how the rest of their faces correspond with their smiles. Judi explained: "Their cheeks are raised and rounded and the smile is reflected in their eyes, which makes a smile look congruent and therefore authentic." The expert continued: "Any subtle differences in their smiles will tend to reflect their lives and careers. "Meghan’s smile shows more emotional variation and includes some stunningly communicative eye expressions." This prompts more of a "conversation" with the recipient of the smile as opposed to just a stagnant facial expression. According to Judi, this is "in keeping with her campaigning and charity work in the US". Earlier this year, Meghan and Harry were honoured with the President's Award at the NAACP Image Awards. The Duke and Duchess' non-profit, Archewell Foundation, works to improve peoples' quality of life, locally, globally and digitally through various projects. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have 'similar' approaches to motherhood Speaking about Meghan in particular, the official NAACP Image Awards website read: "The Duchess of Sussex is a feminist, bestselling author, and longtime advocate for racial and gender justice who has worked throughout her life to promote stronger communities and more equitable outcomes for families. "She is a dedicated champion of policies that uphold and protect human rights, such as access to paid leave, and has worked with leaders across the public and private sector to advance women’s economic independence." Judi suggested that Meghan's smile speaks to the connection she feels towards those she supports. She continued: "Her eye expressions show an amazing range that would help people feel closer to her and maybe more understanding of her personality. "We can sometimes see an excited eye expression as she smiles, or the very loving expression she throws at Harry, and then there will be a head-tilt smile that maybe shows her fun side." Kate's smile on the other hand, while authentic, appears more still, according to the expert. She explained: "Kate’s smile has little variation, making it one that works well for her future role as Queen. "When she has changed her public smile range recently she has added a nose-wrinkling, open mouthed smile/laugh, but her signature smile tends to be one that is long-lasting for all those royal meet-and-greets." Like the Queen, the Duchess of Cambridge has become an unwavering, unflappable presence which is evident in her smile.