Tom Cruise turns 60 today, but still hasn't aged a whole lot since his twenties. He maintains a youthful appearance with some key exercises, diet and skin care regimes. The actor recently turned heads on the red carpet alongside Kate Middleton and Prince William for the Top Gun premiere on May 19, 2022. In the film, Tom Cruise's character, Captain 'Maverick' Pete Mitchell, flies an F-18 fighter jet. This is an aircraft that can reach over 1,000 miles per hour. But how did he physically prepare for this action-based movie? READ MORE: How to look younger for £1 plus the 'key to youthful skin' In conversation with Graham Norton, the A-lister revealed that when training for the film - in which he had to fly a fighter jet - he put his body to the test. Speaking about his flying lessons, he explained: "They took us up and we started filming and we were hitting some heavy Gs. One 'G' refers to one unit of gravity. "Right now, we're 1G, it's our body weight, 2G is twice our body weight. "In Top Gun I was pulling nine and a half G's at one point so that's nine and a half times my own body weight. "It was not comfortable." Tom also underwent intense underwater training in preparation for the role. Filming for the movie was also rigorous: "We're doing three flights in one day and there's nothing you can do - you're going to puke." READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now But when Tom Cruise isn't putting his body under incredible pressure to have what it takes to star in a movie like Top Gun, what kind of exercise and diet habits does the actor have? Tom is a very active person who enjoys a plethora of workout variations. Some of his favourite exercises include sea-kayaking, caving, fencing, using a treadmill, weightlifting, rock-climbing, hiking and jogging. He said: "I do so many different activities," reported Men's Health. This allows the star to work out different muscle groups across the whole body, with both cardio and resistance training. As for skincare, Dermatologist Dr. Dustin Portela weighed in on Tom's possible regime. He said that the actor is probably vigilant with applying suncream, explaining the lack of sun spots on his face. "Prevention is better than any treatment we can put somebody through to get rid of sun damage and Tom Cruise seems to have figured that out because he's never aged." Pointing out some "dynamic wrinkles", ie lines created when the face is in movement, the dermatologist suggested the actor may get periodic botox so those wrinkles aren't static. Rather than any invasive cosmetic surgeries, Dr Portela said the actor may have received some non-invasive treatments such as thread lifts or filler to maintain a youthful appearance. As for diet, he suggested that Tom Cruise has access to the best nutritionists and "no doubt has a very healthy diet".