If your monthly smartphone bills are making you wince, EE has the answer. The UK network has just unleashed a new deal that's offering customers the chance to grab calls, texts and speedy 5G data for half price. That blockbuster discount means you'll pay just £12.50 for the first three months of the contract. The plan even comes with a Smart Benefit, making it one of the best EE SIM deals we've ever come across! The plan features unlimited calls and texts plus a generous 160GB of data which is fully 5G ready. As long as you have a compatible phone, this new network technology allows files and films to be downloaded at speeds in excess of 300Mbps - that's around four times faster than most UK broadband can muster. If that sounds good there's one more bonus of signing up for this SIM as it also comes with one of EE's Smart Benefits. This offers users a number of different bonuses which can be chopped and changed each month. For example, you can add free data roaming across the world for one month and then switch to another benefit such as free BT Sport or Apple Music the next month.  Here's a full list of all the smart benefits available as part of this plan: BT Sport Ultimate • Roam Abroad (lets you use your device in more destinations for free) • Video Data Pass (watch as much video as you like without denting your data allowance) • Free Apple Arcade • Free Apple TV+ • Apple Music EE has not disclosed how long this new offer will be available for so you might need to be quick if you fancy taking delivery of this very cheap SIM FULL DETAILS HERE: EE SIM DEAL • £12.50 per month (first three months then £25)INCLUDES: Free calls, free texts, 160GB of 5G data plus 1 Smart Benefit5G READY? YesCONTRACT: 24-monthsGET THE DEAL HERE Along with this SIM deal, EE is also offering customers three months of broadband at half the usual price. This internet offer means you can get the web whizzed into your living room for just £13 per month. Things get even better if you already have an EE SIM with prices then dropping to just £12 per month. That really cheap price is for very basic 12Mbps speeds but there are also faster downloads with 36Mbps costing £14.50 (£13 for EE SIM users) and 73Mbps now just £16 (£14 EE SIM customers). You can find all the deals here although it's worth noting that the offer ends later this week so you'll need to be quick to take full advantage. MORE LIKE THIS