Gardeners' World airs weekly on BBC Two and viewers enjoy relaxing on Friday evenings as they listen to advice from Monty Don. The horticulturist presents from Longmeadow as he offers out seasonal tips. The show will not be airing tonight, July 22 and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Gardeners' World usually airs at 8pm on Fridays but the uplifting series will not be part of the BBC schedule tonight. This is not the first time the channel has been subject to a schedule shake-up to make way for other shows. The series is often cut from the schedule when sporting events take place, and tonight is no different. Gardeners' World has been swapped out for coverage of the Women's Euros 2022. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out Match of the Day Live will be airing instead of the usual gardening show, from 7.30pm until 10.15pm. Gardeners' World actually aired yesterday, July 21, having been brought forward a day. In the episode, Monty Don was back at Longmeadow taking on more seasonal jobs. Meanwhile, Arit Anderson and Nick Bailey presented highlights from the RHS Flower Show at Tatton Park.  Viewers will be pleased to hear the schedule will go back to normal next week, with the upcoming episode planned for Friday, July 29. In the next episode, Monty sows rocket, harvests chillies and tomatoes and shows viewers how to take semi-ripe cuttings. Meanwhile, Adam Frost will show how his new garden is coming along and Frances Tophill looks at sustainable gardening in response to climate change. Viewers will also meet a self-confessed plantaholic in her busy garden in Kent. DON'T MISS... Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 [DISCUSSION] EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party [THEORY] The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series [DISCUSSION]  The show's hosts continue to celebrate the Queen’s Green Canopy with a visit to a tree champion in Worcestershire. The green-fingered contributor holds the national collection of gingko biloba - a tree native to China. In the meantime, fans can keep up to date with Monty's latest tips on social media. The star is active on Instagram and Twitter and he explained why Gardeners' World was on Thursday and not Friday this week.   He said: "Gardeners World is on at 8pm TONIGHT (apparently there is a football match on tomorrow evening) which will include a report from Tatton Park Flower Show as well as the latest from Longmeadow (filmed before this week's heatwave)." During the recent heatwave he said it had been a challenge filming in extreme temperatures. He added: "Hot day filming GW in the garden - 36 in the shade at Longmeadow - but looks cooler tomorrow and probably by Friday week when broadcast the heatwave will be a distant memory." The series has already faced a schedule shake-up this month when BBC Proms 2022 started airing on BBC Two. Gardeners' World continues on Friday on BBC Two.  