 Television licences are required by law for households in the UK to watch programming as it is being broadcast live. This additional tax is also needed to watch the BBC or stream content on services as it is being broadcast live, such as BBC iPlayer. Currently, the cost of a coloured television licence is £159 and covers all devices in the household, while a black and white TV licence costs half that. The annual fee is managed by TV Licensing, but the government is responsible for applying any discounts.     Britons are able to apply for a refund on their TV licence if they no longer need it again before its expiration date. In order to do this, they will need to have at least one month remaining on their current TV license plan. People will also be able to apply to be reimbursed if a license has expired less than two years ago. People can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date you no longer need the TV Licence. READ MORE: 10 ways to make money after retirement - earn up to £250 a day     On the TV Licensing website, it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” Britons will then need to fill out a refund form which can be found on the TV License website.    The application will ask for the name on the TV licence, the licence number, a person’s address and postcode. People will also need to include the date from when the licence is no longer needed. The site does also contain guidance to help those struggling with the application forms. Britons do not need to work out their own refund as the TV License website states that it is “quite complicated”.  READ MORE: 10 ways to make money after retirement - earn up to £250 a day     Tv License will work it out by “looking carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” It then states that it “aims to process and issue the refund within 21 days of receiving the application.” There are four main groups of people who could be entitled to a reduction or refund on their TV licence. Those who are blind or severely sight impaired people are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their TV licence.   Residents in care homes that have Accommodation for Residential Care (ARC) schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence.  Over 75s in receipt of Pension Credit don’t have to pay as well as anyone who doesn’t watch live TV on any channel or service, including BBC iPlayer, no matter what their age. Those who are moving home are told to move their licence to their new address rather than request a refund.    