Frenkie de Jong’s move to Manchester United continues to be delayed. The Red Devils are still confident of landing the Barcelona star, but reports in Catalonia have claimed he isn’t interested in a move to Old Trafford. So, with that being the case, it’s time to look at what the 25-year-old has recently said about his situation. It emerged back in May that Erik ten Hag wanted to be reunited with De Jong at United, with the Dutch duo previously working together at Ajax. And when the midfielder was asked about a move to Old Trafford at the end of that month, he didn’t exactly suggest he was willing to go. “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed,” said the 25-year-old, who was on international duty at the time. “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Then, in June, De Jong was again asked about potentially moving to United. That came at a time where it was claimed the Red Devils were working to convince the 25-year-old that his future lies in the Premier League. Yet the midfielder again hammered home that he wants to stay at the Nou Camp, insisting he ‘feels fine there’. "You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player,” he said after the Netherlands beat Wales. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." Fast-forward to today, and it seems like United’s pursuit of De Jong is still ongoing with no end in sight. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Over the weekend, reports from Catalonia said the midfielder had ’10 reasons’ for not wanting to go to Old Trafford. He’s happy living in Barcelona, likes the climate there, feels he has a point to prove and has recently purchased a new property. De Jong is said to feel United are ‘jinxed’, having failed to win the Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. He also doesn’t want to play in the Europa League, having grown accustomed to playing in the Champions League in recent years. He’s happy with his wage at Barcelona and also regrets the movements of his entourage behind his back, too. Ten Hag was asked about United’s pursuit of the midfielder on Monday, during the club’s pre-season tour of Thailand. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And he kept his cards close to his chest by saying: "Frenkie de Jong? I never talk of players who are under contract with other clubs. “I’m not going to answer about Frenkie. "How many signings? We're still looking for players in the midfield and in offense.” Ten Hag was also quizzed on Cristiano Ronaldo, who wants to leave United for a team playing in the Champions League. But he insisted the 37-year-old would be staying, making it clear the veteran is in his plans. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "No, we are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo for the season and that's it and I'm looking forward to working with him,” he said. "I have read but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. "I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk. “That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together. "What I said before, once again, I had a really good talk together."