Denmark star Eriksen signed a three-year deal with United and will link up with his new teammates when they are back from their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. Although Fernandes and Eriksen play in a similar attacking position, the Portugal playmaker believes they can help each other to develop. "Obviously I always learn from players who play similar positions as me," Fernandes said. "Christian has been an amazing player in the past and even last season, when he played for Brentford, he was amazing for them. "He's such a good-quality player and I'm looking forward to playing alongside him. "The best players make you play better, make you improve, so I'm looking forward to learning from him and to helping him in any way I can."  Fernandes says United's new high-pressing style under Erik ten Hag means they will be more of an attacking threat this coming season. United have scored 11 goals in three games on tour, and Fernandes said: "If you don't perform at the level you should, the strikers won't get that many balls to score. "When we press as high as we do now, you're closer to the goal when you recover the ball, so it makes it easier, it makes them want to show something to score." But Fernandes has no idea if Cristiano Ronaldo will remain at Manchester United this summer. His fellow Portuguese is absent from United's pre-season tour for personal reasons but his camp have let it be known he wants to leave after just one season back at Old Trafford. United manager Erik ten Hag was also unable to confirm when Ronaldo will return to training, with their Premier League opener against Brighton just 17 days away. Despite the uncertainty, Fernandes said Ronaldo must be given space to decide his future. "Obviously we have to respect the decision of everyone," said Fernandes. "I don't know what Cristiano said to the club, to the manager, I don't know what's going on in his head. "From everything we know, he had family problems, so we have to give him some space. "The only thing I asked when he didn't turn up was if everything was OK with the family. He told me what was going on, that's it and nothing more." 