During the latest episode of Celebrity Gogglebox Roman Kemp, 29, stormed off after his dad Martin Kemp made a "gross" sex confession as he dished on intimate details with his wife Shirlie Holliman. The father-and-son duo appeared on Friday's show (July 15), where they and other celebrities were tasked with watching the Netflix series How To Build a Sex Room. Roman, 29, threw the show into chaos when he walked off during the programme. It was in response to the necessity of an extra room to have sex in, Martin, 60, admitted that he and wife Shirlie "had sex in every room of the house", causing a horrified Roman to storm out. Martin said: "I don't want a room that's dedicated just to sex. "Why can't you just have sex everywhere? Me and mum [have sex] everywhere." READ MORE: Dan Walker blasts 'morons' after BBC star told to work on appearance Roman replied: "That's disgusting. No, because now I'm sitting on the sofa [where you apparently had sex]. Gross. That's it." Roman later stormed out of shot, leaving Martin sitting on the sofa alone. Viewers rushed to comment on the post, as they were left in hysterics over the father and son duo. Twitter user, @ciarale tweeted: "I would feel the same way Roman! #CelebrityGogglebox."  @rebbedy commented: "Roman Kemp grossed out at thought of his parents having sex. How does He think he arrived in the world? #celebritygogglebox." @MillieSansoye remarked: "I love how Martin Kemp keeps traumatising Roman with facts about his sex life #celebritygogglebox." @JudeTaylor said: "Roman exits stage quickly!! #celebritygogglebox." Martin and his wife Shirlie tied the knot in 1988. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker blasts 'morons' after BBC star told to work on appearance[LATEST]Ben Affleck's ex Ana de Armas admits relationship made her leave LA[UPDATES]Strictly's Amy Dowden bids 'sad' farewell after wedding[INSTAGRAM] They share two grown-up children, son Roman and daughter Harley, 32. Roman has made quite a name for himself away from his parents - Spandau Ballet star Martin and Wham! singer Shirlie. He has presented his own breakfast show on Capital FM since 2017 and even came third on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2019. Express.co.uk asked Roman how he felt about presenting at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert earlier this month. He said: "My parents are so up on me in terms of never looking towards what the next thing is in terms of never looking and saying 'Oh well if I do that I can get that'. "Instead enjoy what you're doing in that moment and realise what a privilege it is that you're doing it! "I think that's what I am going to do. "I'm going to enjoy every single moment of that weekend and being part of that moment in history is something I'm very grateful for."