Manchester United are closing in on the signing of former Lazio goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha on a free transfer, according to reports. The Albanian international shot-stopper has left the Italian club after 10 years in Rome after initially joining Lazio's academy way back in 2012. Since then, he has gone on to make 164 appearances for the Serie A outfit, becoming one of the most respected goalkeepers in the Italian top-flight. Nonetheless, he felt the time was right to explore a new challenge and it seems a move to the Premier League now beckons... According to talkSPORT, Manchester United are now looking to wrap up a deal for the 27-year-old on a free transfer. Strakosha has also been considered by several other English clubs this transfer window, including Chelsea and Fulham. READ MORE: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set He held extensive talks with the Cottagers before the move collapsed due to an unexpected snag. Express Sport understands that super-agent Pini Zahavi, who had been working on the Cottagers' deal to sign another client Manor Solomon from Shakhtar Donetsk with fellow representative Shlomy Ben Ezra, became reluctant to broker a transfer for Strakosha following the initial collapse of the Israeli international winger's move to west London. Back in April, Solomon had agreed to join Fulham for around £6.4m (Shakhtar were also set to receive 15 per cent future sale profit) before complications put the deal at risk of collapse. The unwanted knock-on effect for Fulham was that their separate move for Strakosha also stalled due to tensions between the two parties behind the scenes. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set Now the Cottagers have moved onto Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno, who has reportedly agreed terms to make the move across London. Leno is currently in Germany as part of Arsenal's pre-season training camp but he is expected to push for a move this summer. Erik ten Hag could potentially make Strakosha his second summer signing following the capture of Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. United are keen to replace Dean Henderson following his season-long loan switch to Nottingham Forest. Daniel Bachmann of Watford had been strongly considered following a recommendation from Austria manager Ralf Rangnick. However, Bachmann is expected to remain with the Hornets for the upcoming campaign as they target promotion back to the Premier League. United goalkeeper Lee Grant has now left Old Trafford following the expiry of his contract after deciding to hang up his gloves. Third-choice goalkeeper Tom Heaton has also been attracting Championship interest from Middlesbrough.