Logan Mwangi’s mother Angharad Williamson, 31, step-father John Cole, 40, and teen Craig Mulligan, 14, were given life sentences for the murder of the five-year-old last week. The trio dumped the youngster’s body in a nearby river in July 2021. Speaking on Logan’s death, his dad Ben left Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid heartbroken as he stated he’ll never know the truth of what happened. A petition for Logan’s Law calls for a review of how social services operate and what should be done when a social worked is stopped from seeing a child. It also calls for a child’s next of kin or other biological parent to be notified if the child is being monitored by social services. They should also be notified of complaints being made about their child. Ben said of his son’s murder: “That will always live with me now. “For Logan's last moments there are only three people in that household who know exactly what happened to Logan and now they're in prison, they'll never tell me. “They will never tell anybody what happened to Logan.” READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? “They are pointing the fingers at each other aren’t they and Angharad is blaming John, Craig blames his mum,” Susanna commented. “It’s absolutely sickening. I think Ben you’re spot on, Logan was mistreated for a long time in a terrible way before he was killed. “But the fact of the matter is that there were hours, which as you say, if one of them had a flash of conscience to call 999 and say something terrible has happened, that little boy’s life could have been saved and you would have been the first one there.” Ben replied: “100 percent, I would have been the first one there because they would have looked at his injuries and just thought he didn’t self-inflict them and there’s three people in the house, this is obviously a dangerous environment and we need to contact his father and let him know what’s happened. “I could have then acted accordingly and so could the authorities but I had no idea what was happening to my son.” Earlier in the interview, Ben said his son’s death was “completely incomprehensible”. “Every time I see those pictures it always does give me that resole about what Logan’s Law is all about,” he explained. “It’s never really going to get easier. Maybe in time it might but obviously right now it isn’t. “Looking at those pictures, it is hard.” DON'T MISS...Mwangi's killers getting more funding than pensioners makes me sick [COMMENT]When will we learn from deaths of the vulnerable? - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Murderers of Logan Mwangi jailed as judge lifts order naming killer [LATEST] Ed Balls asked: “How do you explain in your mind how the person you were together with, a mother, how could she do that to her little boy?” “I don’t think anybody could find the words to even explain how any parent could treat their child in such a disgraceful way, or anybody, can treat a child in that manner,” Ben responded. “It’s trying to find the words to try to explain it. It’s completely incomprehensible and completely inconsiderable. “There’s no words that can explain what has happened.” Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to share their sympathy with Ben with Lindsey Hall posting: “Such a sad loss for Ben. I'm so sorry this happened to Logan and you. Logan's Law needs to definitely be a priority under the circumstances of a caring and loving co-parent.” Charlotte Jones added: “The law definitely needs to change. Men should be given parental responsibility to their children the same as the mother. They should be told when social services are involved when there’s concerns for the child’s safety.” Dora Humphries simply posted: “Heartbreaking,” alongside a broken heart emoji. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.