 GB News breakfast host Eamonn Holmes was recently forced to take a break from his presenting duties after receiving treatment in hospital. The former This Morning host, who presents Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel, addressed his TV absence in his exclusive Daily Express column.     Last week, Eamonn picked up the News Presenter Of The Year accolade at The Television and Radio Industries Club Awards. The presenter admitted he was “chuffed to bits” by the award before sharing his fears over his future in the industry. Eamonn wrote: “Just six weeks earlier I was lying in a hospital bed in Belfast undergoing treatment on a long-term back condition. “Many nights were spent wondering if and when I’d be back on TV, doing the job I love. Read more: My agony was so unbearable I couldn't see a future - EAMONN HOLMES   “I was forced to watch the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations on the Telly rather than presenting from Buckingham Palace.” “I felt pretty low,” the GB News presenter confessed. “How would I recover? How long would I be off? What might the future hold? “Yet life has a funny way of working itself out in the end - especially if you can try and stay positive.”     Eamonn praised the NHS for the “brilliant” care he received and assured fans he has made a “good recovery”. “Things continue to go in the right direction,” he revealed. Despite his recovery, the former This Morning presenter conceded he may have to have “surgery at some point”. “But I have a brilliant doctor overseeing my treatment and I’m having more good days than bad right now,” Eamonn shared. DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes in ITV dig as he wins Presenter of the Year award [INTERVIEW]‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes in bizarre GB News rant over hot taps [VIDEO]  The GB News host suffers from chronic back pain after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs. He took a short break from presenting duties to undergo hospital treatment but has since returned to his breakfast spot. Eamonn’s news presenter award was voted for by the public. He defeated competition from Clive Myrie, Stephen Dixon and Victoria Derbyshire.     Other winners included Good Morning Britain for Multi-Channel News. Eamonn’s GB News Breakfast show with Isabel Webster was also nominated in this category. Bradley Walsh’s The Chase won best Game Show while Ant McParlin and Declan Donnelly were awarded the TV Personality award. Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays from 6am.   