On Sunday, the average price of a litre of petrol reached 191.5p according to Experian, and a selection of UK motorists have taken a stand against escalating prices. In response, protesters introduced rolling roadblocks were staged by drivers along busy routes such as the M4, M5, M54 and A64 on Monday, bringing sections of the roads to a standstill. Protests have also taken place in Scotland, with the A92 between Aberdeen and Stonehaven seeing miles of tailbacks and a further protest being stopped by police on M8. The demonstrations in England and Wales are understood to have been organised on social media under the banner “Fuel Price Stand Against Tax”. Police have arrested multiple participants in the protests, and many of the routes have now been cleared. The protesters have been supported by the likes of Insulate Britain, who blocked major roads earlier in 2022 with a number of sit-down protests. READ MORE: Do something, Rishi! ‘Insane’ fuel prices condemned after M4 protests Blocking a road is not legal in the UK, as part of the Highways Act 1980. The legislation reads: “If a person, without lawful authority or excuse, in any way wilfully obstructs the free passage along a highway he is guilty of an offence.” Protesters can therefore be arrested if they are causing an obstruction that makes other motorists unsafe or causes a significant ostruction. Being arrested for driving too slowly depends on the context, including why you are driving slowly. For example, if you are caught in a jam, you are not at fault and will not be stopped by police for driving too slowly. But if you are the one causing the jam, you could be considered to be carelessly driving, and the police would have a reason to stop you. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to follow key steps to help save almost £2k on car costs [EXPLAINER]Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel [INSIGHT]New petrol station rules see drivers charged £100 at self-service pump [REPORT] According to the RAC: “Although there isn’t an official minimum speed limit on most motorways, travelling too slowly can be considered dangerous and you might attract the attention of the police. “In this case, you’d usually be let off with a verbal warning, but you could be prosecuted for careless driving.” There are also some instances where a minimum speed is introduced on UK roads, denoted by a blue circular sign with the minimum speed in large white lettering. These indicate you must not go under that speed unless it is unsafe to maintain that speed, and they are most commonly used in tunnels. Gwent Police says it has arrested 12 people in connection with the protest along the M4. It said there had been a legal notice in place banning demonstrators from driving below 30mph. A statement read: “The moving protest started at around 7.00am this morning, at 8.30am four people were arrested with another eight people arrested at around 10.45am. “All 12 people were arrested for breaching the legal notice by driving at under 30 mph for a prolonged amount of time.” In Devon, police arrested one person for going too slowly after previously being warned.