Calling her “down-to-earth”, Ms Arbiter explained how Camilla has been a support system for the Duke of Cornwall. In February 2005, Charles and Camilla, announced their engagement, 35 years after they first met.  On April 8, they marry in a civil ceremony with Prince William as the best man. Ms Arbiter said: “Down-to-earth, unassuming and prone to fits of giggles, Camilla's warmth and keen sense of fun has arguably helped endear her to a new legion of royal fans and few would disagree that her devotion to Charles has been the making of Britain's future King. “Despite describing him as a ‘complete workaholic’, her unwavering support has inspired a more relaxed approach to his role and her steadfast presence never fails to cheer him up.” This summer marks 50 years since Charles and Camilla were first introduced.  Though it's long been said they met at a polo match in 1970, royal biographer Sally Bedell Smith revealed Lucia Santa Cruz, daughter of the former Chilean ambassador to London and a mutual friend, set them up over drinks at her home in 1972 having declared she'd found “just the girl” for Prince Charles. A close friend of the couple told The Telegraph in 2017: “You must never forget it is a real love match. “He has changed hugely because he is at ease with himself. And he is at ease entirely because of her.” As part of a message released for her Platinum Jubilee, the Queen shocks fans with the statement that it is her “sincere wish” that Camilla should be known as Queen Consort when Charles takes to the throne.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week A Clarence House spokesperson responds that the Prince and Duchess are “touched and honoured by Her Majesty's words”. The couple later appeared alongside the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the final event of the Platinum Jubilee. Ms Arbiter continued: “Vivacious and pretty, Camilla Shand was unlike any of the eligible young ladies with whom he'd been previously linked. “According to Jonathan Dimbleby, his official biographer, she ‘laughed easily and at the same silliness’ that brought Charles to tears and she ‘was convulsed by the Goons, by silly accents and daft looks.  DON'T MISS:Woman rushed to hospital after being ‘shot in the back’ Penny Mordaunt's swipe at Rishi Sunak EU slammed as ‘braindead’ over Ukraine war