July is set to see a heatwave with forecasters predicting temperatures in the mid-30s later in the month. Water bosses have warned Brits to conserve water to avoid a hose pipe ban as hot weather is set to return this month, with forecasts of up to 36C in London and the South of England by July 15. According to WXCHARTS, the weather for this week will be warm and dry for the majority of England but Scotland will be hit by showers until Wednesday. The nights will be mild with temperatures across the country in the low teens at around 11C. Met Office meteorologist Rachel Ayers said: “It will also become warmer as we head through the next few days, particularly in the southeast, where highs of around 24C are possible by Wednesday.” Temperatures at the beginning of the week for the south of England will be in the high teens to early-20s. Temperatures in Scotland on Tuesday will average 17C, with the north of England hitting around 20C and the south facing highs of 23C. BBC meteorologist Stav Danaos said: “Towards the end of the week by Friday the area of high pressure will exert its force across the country with sunny spells.” Looking towards the latter half of the week and the weekend, temperatures will climb to the high 20s across most of England, with highs of 27C in the south east. READ MORE: Brexit POLL: Should a second referendum be made illegal? Amid concerns for even higher temperatures being seen later this month, the Environment Agency has warned Brits about their water consumption. A spokesperson said: “People should use water wisely and follow advice from their suppliers. “Further hot, dry weather could put pressure on some areas. "We will continue to take action where necessary.” DON'T MISS:EVEN Labour voters don't know who Starmer's replacements are (POLL)Britons say Harry should lose UK citizenship and become American (INSIGHT)Sir Keir Starmer set to lay out Labour's plan to 'make Brexit work' (REVEAL) The founder of the Weather Outlook, meteorologist Brian Gaze, said: “The weather has been extremely hotter than usual in southern Europe, even by their standards – and some of that could be coming forward to the UK. “It’s certainly far too early to be confident about it happening but there’s a possibility that it will turn hot as we go through the second half of this month in the UK.” He added: “If we start getting that air drawn up from southern Europe, we could see temperatures climbing to 35C and even a little bit higher.”