Since her appearance on American sitcom 8 Simple Rules, Kaley Cuoco has had a stellar career in TV and film. Portraying Penny in the worldwide hit The Big Bang Theory sent her stock sky high, but that would not prove to be the pinnacle of Kaley's acting career. Since starring in the HBO series Flight Attendant, Kaley has also been nominated for two Emmys - with the show winning Best Comedy last year. However, there's one feat the talented comedy actress is yet to tick off - playing a mum. Until now. In a sweet Instagram photo Kaley, 36, held her new on-screen toddler up in the air looking at her adoringly. The Californian posted the image on her stories alongside the caption "FIRST TIME MOVIE MOM" to her huge fanbase of 7.4 million followers. To emphasise her pride in becoming a new onscreen mum for the first time, Kaley left a heart gif with 'Aww' in the centre. New movie Role Play sees Kaley follow a different direction, without the laughs of her previous TV shows. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ In this explosive thriller, there'll be no science buffs outdoing each other with periodic table jokes. The new flick, set in Berlin, is about a husband and wife, played by Kaley and British acting superstar David Oyelowo. In what will be a more tense performance than we're used to seeing from the Charmed star, the couple will learn some dark secrets about each other. The movie is sure to contain a lot of tension and also an incredible cast, with Bill Nighy playing a strange man who causes havoc in the couple's life.  With such a high-profile cast, more awards may follow Kaley, who has been a hit since starring in HBO Max show The Flight Attendant. The star has won many fans playing the main character in the series, the unlucky flight attendant, Cassie Bowden. Kaley may be winning awards as well as fans, as the funny woman is nominated for an Emmy for Lead Actress in a Comedy Series this year. She portrays Cassie, who wakes up in a bed with a dead man and has no recollection of what happened. Her whole life is turned upside down in a surreal series of events leading to her becoming a CIA agent as well as her day job. DON'T MISS...  Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [UPDATE] The Flight Attendant title card: Kaley Cuoco series pays tribute [ARTICLE] The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic [INTERVIEW]  However, fans of the show are in for some bad news as Kaley announced she may have appeared in her last episode after two seasons. Kaley told People.com “We did two, we should probably be done. “I think I’ve been outnumbered with that thought; there’s definitely interest in doing a third season. "I think for me, at this moment, the plane has landed.” The Emmy nominee continued: “Some of my favourite shows on TV take some time to come back, and then I get very excited about a new season. “I want to make sure that the fans are excited and that we’re not pushing it too hard.” The star does not have any children at the moment, although she did announce the arrival of a new family member. Last year the animal lover adopted a rooster named Mini Cooper and in a typically humorous fashion, walked around with him nestled underneath her black gilet.