A nuclear attack advisory video has been released by New York Emergency Management authorities amid the Russia-Ukraine war and rising tensions between Iran and Isreal in the Middle East. The broadcast contains advice to residents on the steps to take if there is "a big nuclear attack." In the Emergency Management video, a woman advises residents: "So there's been a nuclear attack. "Don't ask me how or why just know that the big one has happened. "Okay. So, what do we do? There are three important steps that I want you to remember. "Step one, get inside fast, you, your friends, your family, get inside, and no staying in the car is not an option." JUST IN: Russian troops 'running in all direction' as Putin LOSES control The presenter continues: "You need to get into a building and move away from the windows. "Step two, stay inside. shut all doors and windows, if you have a basement head there. "If you don't have one, get as far into the middle of the building as possible. "If you were outside after the blast, dead clean, immediately remove and bag all out our clothing to keep radioactive dust or ash away from your body.  "Step three. Stay tuned. Follow media for more information. " It comes as the Iranian military warned the United States and Israel on Friday against threatening Iran with force, Iranian media reported, after U.S. President Joe Biden said he would use force as a last resort to prevent Tehran getting a nuclear weapon. "The Americans and Zionists (Israel) know very well the price for using the word 'force against Iran,'" Brigadier General Abolfazl Shekarchi, spokesman for the Iranian armed forces, was quoted as saying by state media. "Biden must have been drowsy when he threatened Iran," he said, adding, "Watch your soldiers' pants - they might get wet in the Persian Gulf!'' Asked by Israeli television this week whether his past statements that he would prevent Tehran from obtaining a nuclear weapon meant he would use force against Iran, Biden replied: "If that was the last resort, yes." DON'T MISS: Heatwave: Schools to send pupils home  (WEATHER)Boris Johnson urges defeated Tories: 'Back anyone but Rishi!' (INSIGHT)Brexit LIVE: 'Thank God we're out' Brexiteer brutally taunts Remainers (LIVE)   On Thursday, Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid signed a joint pledge to deny Iran nuclear arms, an apparent move toward accommodating Israel's calls for a "credible military threat" by world powers. Iran denies seeking seeks nuclear weapons, saying that its nuclear program is for solely peaceful purposes. Tehran struck a deal with six major powers in 2015 under which it limited its uranium enrichment program to make it harder to develop a nuclear weapon in return for relief from international sanctions. US President Donald Trump reneged on the deal in 2018 and reimposed harsh sanctions on Iran, prompting Tehran to start violating the agreement's nuclear limits about a year later.