Prince Harry has previously stated his security fears and has said that it would be, without having police protection officers in attendance, unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer has deemed Harry's demands as "ridiculous", especially if you "look at the crime rate in the US", compared to the UK. Mr Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth: "He's [Harry] argued that his life's in danger here. "To me, it seems, in spite of what I've said, when you look at the crime statistics in the US and the number of killings there are, number of homicides, [they] absolutely dwarfs the figures in the UK. "So to me it seems a bit ridiculous to suggest that he's somehow more at risk here than he is in California." He added: "I'm aware he doesn't have access to taxpayer-funded security in California and access to intelligence." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan denies lying in bombshell Oprah interview as new showdown looms The royal expert added that his private residence in the US "very much so' has around-the-clock security. In March, the Royal Family attended a memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh, just shy of a year after his death. Although many of the family were in attendance, the Sussexes chose against attending. Neither Harry nor Meghan, who was pregnant with Lilibet at the time, released a statement ahead of the memorial service. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event The reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family. His fears led him to launch a case against the Home Office. Speaking at the time of the memorial to Sky News, veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards called the security at Westminster Abbey, where the service was held, "incredible". DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] Mr Edwards told presenter Kay Burley that Prince Harry "should be here". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter". The couple, and their two children, have since returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. They arrived in the UK on June 1 and left on the final day, before the celebrations officially concluded. READ NEXT: