And other adventures listed in the top 30 include travelling on a road trip, watching a sunset, and attending a dog yoga class. The study of 2,000 dog owners found one in three (32 percent) consider their four-legged friend to be their adventure buddy, while 45 percent think having a pooch makes them feel less lonely when out and about. Activities many have already enjoyed with their pet include running on the beach (29 percent), swimming in the sea (16 percent), and going on a bike ride (10 percent). It also emerged some even favour activities with their pet over another human – including a staycation (20 percent), climbing a mountain (15 percent), and going wild swimming (15 percent). The research, commissioned by natural dog food makers, Forthglade, found nearly a third (30 percent) are keen to create adventure-led memories with their dog. And owners typically describe their dog as confident (47 percent), mischievous (40 percent), and adventurous (31 percent). Toby Roberts, from Essex, who has owned his rescue dog, Ted, for three years, said: “We have a great bond, and he is so much fun to be around. “Ted is a huge part of our lives and we have terrific adventures. We went on a big campervan trip around Europe in 2019, and of course he came with us. “We went through five different countries, travelled 3,000km, and it was great to spend the time with Ted.” David Cox, CEO at Forthglade, said: “With dog ownership increasing substantially over the last few years, it’s great to see our canine companions encouraging us to get outdoors more, experiencing adventures together. “Adding adventures on top of the daily dog walk is hugely beneficial to the health and wellbeing of both us and our dogs – and can really boost a nourishing relationship together, which in turn increases our levels of happiness. “Dogs are ideal teachers when it comes to sniffing out adventures and sharing endless excitement along the way.” The study also revealed the benefits people believe come from enjoying adventures with their dog, with 38 percent getting more exercise. Others think it helps improve their mental health (35 percent), and allows them to form a closer bond with their dog (38 percent). Similarly, pet owners said getting fresh air (40 percent), creating memories (31 percent), and meeting new people and their pets (26 percent), were incentives for getting outdoors with their dog. It also found 58 percent have taken their dog on holiday in the UK, while a third have travelled abroad with their canine companion. And three in five admitted to planning day trips solely around their pet’s needs – with key must-haves including plenty of open space (38 percent), beautiful scenery (35 percent), and the sea (23 percent). Of those polled, via OnePoll, three in ten (29 percent) even said one of the reasons they got a dog was to encourage more outdoor adventures. TOP 30 BUCKET LIST FOR “PAWSOME” ADVENTURES: