Two days prior to the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Kensington Palace announced that Meghan's father, Thomas Markle, wouldn't be attending the big day due to ill health. Following this, a royal expert previously claimed that Prince Charles had been asked to do the honours of walking Meghan down the aisle, but had been specifically requested, by the Duchess, that he meet her "halfway" down the aisle. Speaking in a latest video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean revealed that Meghan's unusual request had "raised eyebrows" from Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Mr Sean said: "We now all know, thanks to the world stage, Prince Charles was asked by his younger son if he wouldn't mind escorting his wife-to-be Meghan Markle down the famous aisle at St George's Chapel in Windsor. "He [Charles] was delighted, couldn't believe it and [was] said [to be] absolutely honoured and thrilled." Mr Sean then added that Charles "then met with Meghan", who requested that he meet her halfway down the aisle. The royal expert noted that this was the moment people realised that Meghan was "going to be difficult", and Meghan's request also "raised eyebrows" from Camilla, as well as Charles. READ MORE: Prince Harry praised as Duke shows off Silicon Valley role with 'inspiring' short film Mr Sean said of Meghan's alleged request, people were "saying this is because she wanted the focus to be on her" and for "the world's cameras to let us see that she was a strong independent woman and of course, doing things her own way". He added: "According to a good source, and as ever allegedly, it appears that when Prince Charles bought this up with his youngest son, he [Harry] said 'oh well, that Meghan". He concluded: "But as you can see now, and as Prince Charles is looking back over that particular period, he should have known exactly what was around the corner". In January 2020, less than two years after their wedding day, Meghan and Prince Harry announced they were stepping back as senior royals. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry return to royal life to support William? The couple carried out their final royal engagement in March 2020. Meghan and Prince Harry now reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter Lilibet. Last month, Prince Harry, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet visited the UK to join in celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS A senior royal source opened up last month about the "very emotional" meeting between Lilibet and her grandfather Prince Charles. The meeting took place during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. They said: "The Prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. "He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing." READ NEXT: