Ferrari’s chief has blasted Lewis Hamilton and Toto Wolff’s push for mid-season rule changes ahead of the Hungarian Grand Prix. Piero Ferrari, son of founder Enzo, has confirmed the Prancing Horse will “oppose any exploitation” from teams such as Mercedes to change the rules to gain an advantage. He also hit back at Wolff and Mercedes for not “losing with dignity” like Ferrari did when the Silver Arrows were dominant. It comes after Wolff has pushed the FIA to adopt new rules changes on safety grounds after Hamilton complained of back pain due to porpoising. This pushed the FIA to issue a technical directive ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix to set new rules in place. New oscillation measurements will come into effect from the Belgian Grand Prix while the FIA will mandate raised floors from next season. Ferrari said: “We will assert our reasons, we will oppose any exploitation. For years, Ferrari had an engine deficit against Mercedes, but we did not ask for any favours or shortcuts. READ MORE: Martin Brundle backs Lewis Hamilton's replacement for Vettel's seat “We lost with dignity, working in silence to recover, our opponents should also behave like this, don’t you think?” It is understood Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto argued with Wolff at the Canadian Grand Prix in front of the Netflix cameras. Binotto reportedly told Wolff the rules did not need rewriting and claimed the German squad were only pushing for changes as their car lacked pace compared to their rivals. One witness at the meeting then said Wolff “lost his s***” as tensions boiled over. The Austrian seemed to claim team bosses were deliberately blocking rule changes to stop Mercedes. Ferrari and Red Bull have been the teams to beat this season, winning every race between them so far.  Mercedes still lack pace and have been unable to challenge for wins at any Grand Prix this year. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton outlines why Mercedes 'rely' on Red Bull and Ferrari [INSIGHT]Russell answers who's quickest between himself, Verstappen and Leclerc [ANALYSIS]Sebastian Vettel falls shy of Lewis Hamilton feat due to F1 retirement [COMMENT] The Silver Arrows have picked up a series of podiums but even Hamilton admitted yesterday this was mostly down to errors from the cars in front. Piero Ferrari said he was “proud” of his racing department despite the team’s issues. He said the team were coming out of a “difficult period” and had been transformed to be “competitive at every track”. But, he accepted there were things the team needed to fix after Leclerc threw away his early season advantage. He added: “Of course, there are things to fix and details to perfect but this Ferrari is very competitive. Of course, I would like to win more often so it would be nice to reverse the poles we have so far – eight – with the wins we have at the chequered flag. So far that’s four – just half. “But we are on the right path.”