Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) has been trying to get her marriage to Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) back on track in recent years on Emmerdale following her affair with his long-lost son, Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter). Ever since they got back together in 2020, she has been faithful to him but she hasn't stopped hiding secrets from him, especially when she found out his mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), had terminal cancer. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, another storyline with Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) could combine with her marital problems. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) is struggling to come to terms with ending things with Suzy. This came as a result of the village vet finding out her girlfriend was the person who gave Holly Barton (Sophie Powles) the money for drugs which she ended up overdosing on and dying. Moira wasn't best pleased with the wedding events planner either and because of her loyalty to the farmer, Vanessa cut ties with her partner. Although Suzy came back to the village earlier this week to plead with the vet to give her another chance, Vanessa turned her away. With her heartbreak still playing on her mind, she decides to bury it and get on with her life as she doesn't want to dwell on yet another failed relationship. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved stalwart exits after proposal Seeing his friend and colleague so upset, Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) asks Moira if she would be willing to think about talking with Vanessa. The soap stalwart suggests the farmer give her blessing to her friend to rekindle her relationship with her lying ex Suzy. This would be a lot for Moira to work with as she doesn't know would want to see Suzy walking around the village when her daughter is dead. However, in order to get revenge on Suzy and try to distract her friend, Moira could end up having an affair with Vanessa. Although it seems she and Cain are fine at the moment, he could still be harbouring some resentment towards her for keeping Faith's diagnosis. Despite being fine on the surface, there could be a lot of underlying tension between the couple which they are struggling to resolve. When the going gets tough, Moira tends to find her eyes wandering and this time, it could be towards a woman. Having never expressed a sexual attraction to women, Vanessa could be shocked as well to discover her friend wants to go further with their relationship. Feeling as if all her dreams have come true, Vanessa might not think about the repercussions and just enjoy being in the moment. This would be the umpteenth affair Moira has had in her life but will this be the one to end her marriage to Cain for good? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Charley Webb accused of 'dressing like a teenager' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT] The actress who plays Moira, Natalie, has spoken out about her character's relationship in light of Faith's diagnosis. Soap star Natalie explained: "She didn’t feel comfortable at all lying to Cain after the previous secrets she’s kept from him. "So she’s worried that this is going to affect their marriage in some way if she keeps it quiet. "The main dilemma for Moira is the fact that she’s gone through a similar thing when Mackenzie didn’t tell her about her mother when she was ill. "Obviously, he told her that she was dead when she wasn’t, so Moira never got a chance to say goodbye to her," she continued to explain. The soap star added to Metro.co.uk: "Faith is asking Moira to do a similar thing, and that’s something Moira hasn’t really got over." So could it be Moira will turn to Vanessa in her hour of need as she realises the vet is having a tough time following the end of her romance? With the fallout of Suzy's secret having serious ramifications on the village, the actress who plays Vanessa, Michelle, has spoken about how her character feels. Michelle said: "She thinks Suzy isn’t the person she thought and even says that every day they’ve been together has just been a lie." Referring to her loyalty to Moira over lying for Suzy, Michelle added: "She doesn’t want to lose the friendship she has with Moira. "Vanessa wants Moira to see that she’s done the right thing and that she absolutely didn’t know anything about Suzy." Could it be Vanessa has been harbouring feelings for Moira all these years she has been living in the same village as her? If the two characters do embark on an affair, it could be one of the biggest twists to ever air on the village-based soap. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.