When Henry Green, 28, attended a report of fraud involving two men and a woman at a Tesco Express, the police officer sent the female suspect crashing to the ground with a leg sweep. He was then reported to have punched a handcuffed man in the face. A misconduct investigation, delayed due to a criminal probe, has found Green used excessive force and so he's lost his job with Humberside Police. The panel in Goole, East Yorkshire, said Green "lost control" and his actions were "completely unacceptable and utterly discreditable," Hull Live reports. Matt Baldwin, Detective Superintendent, said: "We expect all of our officers and staff to always act with the utmost integrity and professionalism, only using force if absolutely necessary in their line of duty. "The Panel concluded Green had lost control and that there was no justification for his actions during this incident. Green attended with another officer to a report of three people attempting to commit an offence of fraud in a supermarket on Newland Avenue. "Green handcuffed one of the men, who remained compliant despite not being formally arrested. The other officer remained with the woman who was also handcuffed, whilst a second man fled from the store. "The man and woman handcuffed were fully cooperative and made no threats towards anyone or attempts to escape. Despite their compliance and cooperation, Green took hold of the woman and used a leg sweep to take her to the floor, before he turned and punched the man in the face. He then threatened the man before making disrespectful and disparaging comments to them both. "Green displayed an excessive use of force during this incident that was neither necessary nor justified. His actions and conduct that day were completely unacceptable and utterly discreditable, falling well below the standards we expect. "As well as his dismissal he will now also be placed on the College of Policing’s Barred list, meaning he will not be able to work for any other police force in the UK. "We will not accept any officer or member of staff behaving in a way that fails to uphold or maintain their responsibility to serve and protect the public in the Humberside area. It is of paramount importance that we maintain the public’s trust and confidence by removing from the force those who behave in a way that undermines this."  Green was charged with two counts of common assault following the incident in Newland, Hull, in June 2019. The police officer was due to appear at York’s Magistrates' Court in 2020 but the court date was postponed multiple times. When the case was finally heard in December 2021, Green was found not guilty.