An unprecedented heatwave will hit the UK later today with the mercury expected to hit a record-breaking 40 degrees in some parts of the UK. The Met Office is warning people to keep cool and stay out of the sun and that very same advice also goes for your gadgets. Phones, laptops and tablets really don't like getting too hot and many will actually shut down completely if they reach a certain temperature. "If your device is overheating it will display a notification indicating that it is getting hot. If your device is getting too hot it will shut itself down," Samsung explains on its website. If that happens to you today and you desperately need to send an email or check your Twitter feed then be warned. Don't even think about popping your phone in the freezer to speed up the cooling process as this could seriously damage it. Although both Android and iPhones can cope with very cool temperatures the rapid swing from hot to cold can cause condensation to build up under the screen and cause permanent damage. If you've left your smartphone in direct sunlight and it's burning hot, carefully move it to a shaded part of your home and leave it to gently cool. READ MORE: Nokia is back with new £65 phone and something we've never seen before Once things are back to a safe temperature, the device should switch back on without any issues. Explaining more, experts at phone comparison site USwitch said: "While it’s tempting to quickly cool a hot handset in the freezer - don’t do it - it could end up making the problem worse. The dramatic temperature change can cause condensation to form inside your device, potentially ruining the hardware. Instead, leave it on a cool surface with good airflow." There is other advice with Samsung telling its customers to take their devices out of cases. "Try removing your phone case to give it more room to cool down," Samsung said in its post online. Anyone who uses their phone in a car should avoid placing the device in a carry cradle as these are often positioned high up near the dashboard and more prone to getting heated up by the sunshine. Samsung also offers other top tips including turning down the screen brightness and shutting down all unused applications. The hot weather is set to last until Wednesday and if you want to stay connected then make sure you keep all of your gadgets cool.