Frank Warren is uncertain whether Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury will ever happen. The pair have been scheduled to face each other on two occasions to no avail. Both men were originally set for December, but the fight was cancelled after Fury was forced to pull out with a rib injury and bacterial infection sustained in camp. Then, more recently their August 20 clash was terminated when Fury was denied entry to the United States. Talking to Express Sport, the legendary British promoter gave his verdict on the likelihood of the fight ever happening and didn’t seem entirely convinced. He said: “God knows. It was supposed to happen, it wasn’t Tommy’s fault, he went to the Airport, took all his team along, the tickets were bought, everything was good to go, but there was a problem with the ESTA. I don’t know. If it ever gets resolved we’ll see what happens but Tommy will fight in the meantime while Jake sorts out his date with Rahman Jr on the 6th. ‘The Problem Child’ pulled the plug on the fight after setting Fury a one-week deadline to visit the US embassy and sort out his travel issues. According to Warren, Fury never visited the embassy because there wasn’t enough time to resolve the problem. “It was all too late," he explained. "First of all, you have to make an appointment you can’t just walk in there and by the time he would have got in there it would have been too late anyway so that’s what happened.” He continued: “Tommy at the end of the day was all over the place because honestly, no one expected this to happen. It was more of an inconvenience for him and more of a problem for him, ruining his training and everything, sodding around with that. MORE BOXING NEWS... Thor to announce new fight next week after Fury clashes Fury has Joshua request laughed off by Frank Warren's son Paul blasted for 'trying to cheat' after inserting clause to contract “Unfortunately, the time scale didn’t work and obviously, it was a real pain as a promoter and I understand it was for Jake and he had to find another opponent, but it is what it is and we are where we are with it, we will see what happens in the future.” After the second cancellation, Paul picked Hasim Rahman Jr, the son of the former heavyweight world champion, Hasim Rahman, as Fury’s replacement. The two men will square off on August 6 at Madison Square Garden with Amanda Serrano defending her WBC and WBO featherweight titles against Brenda Carabajal in the co-headliner.