Once Prince Charles becomes King, Prince William and Kate Middleton will be known as the Prince and Princess of Wales. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed the current Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's pending royal titles. On the latest episode of Royally Us, Ms Garibaldi read out a statement that one of the shows royal watchers made. Ms Garibaldi, reading out what Daniel Wallace wrote, said: "William and Kate's visit to Cambridgeshire, kinda felt like a goodbye. "Almost like their time, as you see it, as Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is coming to an end. "[and] their time as Prince and Princess of Wales is about to begin." READ MORE: Palace urged to publish probe into claims Meghan ‘bullied' staff ‘Public MUST see result' She then asks her co-host Ms Ross if she "felt like that as well". Ms Ross replied: "You know, I hadn't thought about this until I saw this comment. "There's so many things, like especially, during the Jubilee, there were moments that felt more like a goodbye, or like a passing of the torch, rather than sort of, celebratory". Ms Ross adds that it makes you "a bit emotional" to think of "all of these things". READ MORE: Kate and William 'acting like a young couple on first date' as royals stun with rare PDA In recent months, particularly over the course of the Jubilee celebrations, the Duke and Duchess have stepped up their roles within The Firm. The Queen has had to miss out on various events due to her ongoing mobility struggles. One recent event that William attended alongside his father, Prince Charles, was the State Opening of Parliament in May. His father took the lead role in stepping in for the 96-year-old but was joined by his eldest son, who attended the event for the first time. DON'T MISS George, Charlotte and Louis stun Londoner with impeccable manners [INSIGHT] Prince George found out he would be king after William's plot [REVEAL] Princess Charlotte sends fans into meltdown in unseen Jubilee clip [REPORT] Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. William is currently second in line, followed by his eldest son, eight-year-old Prince George. READ NEXT: