The Spice Girls star turned fashion icon Victoria Beckham is famous for her career, A-list marriage to footballer David Beckham and her fabulous looks. This is what she eats to keep slim and healthy. The July 2022 issue of Vogue Australia was released today with Victoria Beckham as its cover star. In an exclusive interview she revealed what she eats to fuel her body, squashing some comments made by husband David. On an episode of River Cafe Table 4, David Beckham spoke about his love of food and his wife's reluctance to deviate from her favourite meal. He stated: "I get quite emotional about food and wine. READ MORE: Lady Kitty Spencer 'healthy' diet includes 'melted cheese' "When I'm eating something great I want everyone to try it, and unfortunately I'm married to someone who's eaten the same thing for the last 25 years - since I met her." But according to her husband, what are Victoria's go-to foods? "She only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables and very rarely deviates away from there. "The only time that she's ever probably shared something that's been on my plate was probably when she was pregnant with Harper - and it was the most amazing thing." But in conversation with Vogue, the singer turned fashionista and entrepreneur revealed she isn't quite so choosy or "boring". She said: "What he meant is that he’s never met anyone who’s more disciplined with the way that they eat. "I eat lots of healthy fat: fish, avocado, nuts, that sort of thing." But that doesn't mean Victoria doesn't indulge herself occasionally. "I do drink alcohol, unless I have a reason not to," Victoria said. READ MORE: 'Eating fats makes you fat': Weight loss myths - debunked "I’ll detox from anything for three to six months where I won’t drink. "I’m quite extreme in anything I do, whether it’s eating or working out or drinking or not drinking." Victoria Beckham's diet has resulted in some speculation and she addressed this on her YouTube channel in 2019, where she answered the most Googled questions about herself. In response to 'What is Victoria Beckham's diet', the pop icon answered: "Victoria Beckham's diet is healthy, lots of fresh fish, fresh vegetables, fruit." But she can also credit her slim frame to taking her water intake seriously and keeping hydrated throughout the day. As for alcohol, Victoria treats herself with "lots of tequila and lots of red wine". In terms of comfort food, she opts for something like a slice of wholegrain toast sprinked with salt, she revealed on River Cafe Table 4. In addition to a nutrient-rich diet, it is likely that the star enjoys an active lifestyle. The Reebok x Victoria Beckham collaboration suggests that she is passionate about exercise, and she has shared snaps on Instagram of her working out wearing her collection too. Slimmers should consult a doctor before changing their diet plan. Anyone who may be struggling with disordered eating should reach out to talk ED.