The BBC is hoping to revive Gladiators which was a hugely popular Saturday night programme in the 1990s. The show saw extremely fit members of the public battle a team of 'gladiators'. It is understood BBC One is in talks with rights holders MGM Studios to reboot the series as early as next year. Gladiators first landed on ITV 30 years ago and drew in more than 14 million viewers each week. The show's success even made some of the gladiators household names. Some of the best-known warriors were Jet, aka Diane Youdale and Wolf, whose real name is Michael Van Wijk. Broadcast magazine has reported filming is expected to start in Sheffield Arena next year for the reboot. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne According to the publication, a new set of preliminary gladiators has been selected for the show. A final decision on the casting is expected to be made once talks with the broadcaster conclude. It is understood there have been calls to bring back the original format, complete with a suspension bridge and travelator. Gladiators, which aired between 1992 and 2000 on ITV, was presented by Ulrika Jonsson.   The Swedish-British television presenter hosted the prime time show with football star John Fashanu. Hungry Bear Media, the company founded by Holly Willoughby's husband Dan Baldwin, is reportedly involved in the plans to bring Gladiators back to screens. Sky did briefly revive the series between 2008 and 2009 when it was presented by Ian Wright and Kirsty Gallacher. They were joined by John Anderson, the original referee, who was famed for saying: “Contender, ready! Gladiator, ready!”  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who fan favourite 'snubbed' from new series  [LATEST]Monty Don pays tribute to wife Sarah amid 39th wedding anniversary [UPDATE]Sharon Osbourne shuts down BBC host over Lionesses name change row [MUST SEE]  The announcement has sent fans of the original show into a frenzy, with many taking to Twitter to express their excitement. Matthew Purchase commented: "A great idea. There’s nothing at all close to Gladiators on television at the moment. "Proper Saturday Night family entertainment. Something that has been sorely missing on the BBC these past few years. I’m sure kids will love it again." (sic) @MrPectacular added: "That's AWESOME! I would love to be considered to be a GLADIATOR on the show! Would be PEC-Tacular!" (sic)  @DaggerYorkshire said: "Gladiators is getting a reboot? Please let there be a new Jet." Ryan Wilson added: "I'm so excited I can't breathe." Millie penned: "If they do indeed reboot #Gladiators, please can we have some of the old guard of gladiators presenting?!" Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. 