Charles Leclerc has been handed a blow in his championship challenge with Max Verstappen after boss Mattia Binotto admitted the team were still not on top of power unit issues. The Ferrari team principal claimed Sainz’s failure at the Austrian Grand Prix was “very likely” to be a known power-unit failure that plagued Leclerc in Azerbaijan. Binotto warned the problem “has not been solved” and failed to set a deadline for when the work could be completed. He said: "It's certainly a concern, but the people back at Maranello are working very hard to fix them, which is not solved yet. "Obviously if you look at what happened to Carlos, the problem has not been solved yet. But we have new elements and I know how strong they are working, how good they are, and I can count on them and that issue will be addressed very soon, or as soon as possible." Sainz’s failure was Ferrari’s fourth mechanical failure of the season in an issue which has been a blow to their championship challenge. Leclerc suffered two blowouts of his own, denying him the chance of victory in Barcelona and Baku. READ MORE: Helmut Marko admits Charles Leclerc and Ferrari fears after win The failures also scuppered his chances in Canada as the Monegasque had to take a grid penalty for new parts. Leclerc did enjoy a commanding 46 point advantage over Verstappen after the Australian Grand Prix as Red Bull also suffered two failures in three races. However, the tables quickly turned with Red Bull getting on top of their issues while Ferrari started to struggle. The swing means Leclerc now lies 38 points behind Verstappen heading into the second half of the season. It very nearly got worse for the Prancing Horse as Leclerc complained about throttle issues in the closing stages of the race in Austria. He voiced his concerns moments after Sainz retired, raising fears the team may have faced a double retirement. DON'T MISSVerstappen 'has got to worry' after Red Bull problem sees Leclerc win [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc issues Ferrari rallying cry after winning Austrian GP [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen told ‘mentality’ advantage he has over Charles Leclerc [COMMENT] Leclerc moaned that his throttle would "get stuck” in the middle of the corner and revealed it was “very stressful” to try and get the car back in one piece. After the race, Binotto added the issue was another “mechanical one” in a further possible set back. He added: “On the initial feedback It’s more a mechanical one we got, but I cannot give you more details than that.”