David Beckham, 47, has taken to Instagram today to playfully mock his wife, Victoria, 48, over the fashion designer’s exercise routine. It happened as the couple were cruising on their luxury yacht in Positano, Italy. As the England football legend relaxed onboard the ship with a coffee, the Spice Girl performed a lunge routine behind him. Looking directly at the camera with his new-look bleached ash blonde hair, David smiled and shook his head as Victoria moved on the deck behind him. Oblivious to the fact she was being filmed, David jokingly mocked her as he videoed her working out, lunging her way from left to right across the back deck. He wrote: “WAIT FOR IT. Can't even have a coffee without lunging Vic.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan Victoria, 48, later responded: "Looks like I lost my training partner this holiday David!" The post was met with lots of excitement from fans and other famous faces. Actress Eva Longoria, model Karolina Chomistekova and footballer Antoine Griezmann all lead the comment section with laughing emojis. Arthurp4nn381 wrote:"She is going to kill you!" Mrbobbyrich commented: “Getting them gainz! You sit tight and enjoy that cuppa dear boy.” Tina.christou said: “Loving the new hairstyle David.” Samanthabateman2021 joked: “Does she come back the other way.” It follows the reports that Posh and Becks’ middle son, Romeo, 19, has split with girlfriend of three years, Mia Regan. Victoria recently reached out to Mia to offer her support amid the split. READ MORE...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] Romeo and Mia are thought to have called time on their romance due to long-distance related issues. According to reports, the pair ended their relationship because of the “pressures” of navigating being so far away from each other so often. Following the news of their unexpected split, Victoria appeared to gush over Mia's latest snaps. Taking to Instagram, the model shared a sultry snap as she posed for fashion brand Miu Miu. Mia displayed her toned abs in a crop team which she paired with a long skirt and flat pumps. In view of her 621,000 followers, she penned: "Wee bit posey so left u a surprise at the end xx." Victoria showed that she and Mia are still close as she said, "Beautiful x kisses x" underneath the model's latest snap. Mia responded to her with love-heart emojis as she thanked Victoria for sharing the love.