It has been 10 years since Wendy Crozier (played by Roberta Kerr) appeared on Coronation Street, but she has since returned under a new name. She has done well so far to keep her distance from former lover Ken (William Roache) but the pair will soon be reunited. However, this most likely won't go down well with Tracy (Kate Ford), and a new theory could see her sabotage their romantic reunion. In upcoming scenes, Wendy fills Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) in on her complicated history with Ken. Abi urges her to go and make up with him and promises that she’ll deal with Tracy if she is around. As they make their way across the Cobbles, Abi steers Tracy to the café whilst Wendy calls at No.1. Abi and Tracy soon leave the cafe and walk around the corner, with Tracy furious to see Wendy leaving No.1. READ MORE: James Martin hits back at viewers as he licks fingers during demo She marches over to the pair and is ready for a stand-up row, will she make her feelings clear? If Tracy is still annoyed with Wendy after what happened between her and Ken, could she possibly hatch a plan to sabotage their reunion? Will Wendy back off from Ken if Tracy makes her feelings known? Or will she pursue Ken despite the angry mouthful she receives? Elsewhere, Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) sets about tidying the house for Abi’s visit and tells Jack Webster (Kyran Bowes) he hasn’t time to help him with his leavers’ presentation speech. Jack feels left out, and it isn't long before Abi and Alfie visit Kevin and Jack at No.13. When Abi reveals that if all goes to plan, they can move back in next week, Kevin’s overcome with emotion. Abi almost lost all hope of being reunited permanently with Alfie, but with the help of her social worker, Wendy, she finally received the good news. Wendy, formerly known as Wendy Papadopoulos, was married to a man named Christos Papadopoulos years after her affair with Ken Barlow. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor's long-lost sister arrives  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Kelly kills Maria to devastate Gary [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Dee Dee Bailey arrives in Debbie twist [WATCH] Many fans will remember that both characters were first involved with one another in 1989, and their affair led to Ken's divorce from ex-wife Deidre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride). This explains Tracy's hostility towards Wendy. Could she still be hung up on the drama which happened so long ago? Wendy tied the knot with Christos, but he sadly died from lung cancer, prompting Wendy to move back to the cobbles. Ken and Wendy had the chance to rekindle their affair when she last visited the cobbles in 2012, but the stalwart rejected her. Wendy took things one step further after her rejection and lied to a suspicious Deirdre and told her they had spent the night together. Distraught upon finding this out, Ken cut all ties with Wendy, telling her he never wanted to see her again. Will he reject her advances once again after turning up on his doorstep? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.