Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta previously gave a glowing reference of Serge Gnabry in 2014 as the Gunners reportedly consider a move for the German this summer. Gnabry was on the books of Arsenal between 2011 and 2016, coinciding with Arteta's five years as a player at the Emirates. The winger only made 18 first-team appearances for the north London club but clearly made an impression on his Spanish team-mate. And Arteta could attempt a reunion with him this summer. Arsenal are in the market for a winger but have seemingly missed out on Leeds United star Raphinha, with Chelsea and Barcelona ahead in that race. But 90min says the Gunners are keeping an eye on Gnabry's situation, with his contract at Bayern Munich expiring in under a year's time. Arteta previously gave an exciting verdict on Gnabry following the FA Cup third round win over Tottenham in January 2014. Gnabry, then 18, played the entire 90 minutes of the match and assisted Santi Cazorla's opener as Arsenal ran out 2-0 winners at the Emirates. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee  Speaking after the game, Arteta admitted he was impressed by Gnabry's quality on the ball and also his physical and mental capabilities. He also explained how his playing style fits into a team, giving a clue into how he could make an impact in the current Arsenal side. "I think he's got a lot of quality," Arteta said in 2014. "He's got something not many players have in this team, which is pace and skill to go and beat people. "That's why the manager [Arsene Wenger] played him - three up front is something that helps us be more incisive. We want to go behind [the opponents] and get into one versus one situations. "Gnabry is very good like that and I'm very pleased for him because I think he did really well. He's like a little boxer, he's a little fighter. DON'T MISSArsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on RaphinhaHow Man Utd would line up under Sir Alex Ferguson with De Jong and four other signingsChelsea could deal Arsenal huge transfer blow as Thomas Tuchel 'prepares £60m bid'  "He's good. He's got a lot of character as well, the lad doesn't get intimidated either because it's a derby. "His character is great. You see it in training. Technically, he is very good but he's got something about him as well. "He doesn't mind when he gets kicked, he gets up and goes for the next ball. He's quite brave." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 