WARNING: This article contains Stranger Things season four spoilers It appears the Duffer brothers may have just broken fans' hearts all over again by sealing Max Mayfield's fate. The Netflix writers seem to have confirmed a theory that leaves the character brain dead at the end of season four. Notorious for having attachment issues when it comes to characters, most of the cast have spilled the beans on how Stranger Things deaths don't happen on a whim. Seeing Max (played by Sadie Sink) in a coma as the credits rolled on season four, left fans shocked and devastated, all hoping for her miraculous recovery. However it seems this might not be the case for the Hawkins resident. Not quite dead, not alive and kicking, the brothers teased: "She's brain dead, but yeah, she's alive. She's blind and all of her bones are broken." READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash The latest instalment of the cult favourite Netflix series sent chat rooms and forums into overdrive, as fans tried to predict what would happen next. In the marathon two-part season finale, loose ends were scattered everywhere and one character got everyone asking, "will she, won't she." Left in a coma after offering herself up as bait to lure to nightmarish Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower), there's no telling from the episode whether her valiant efforts will axe her from the series. Whilst there might still be a slight glimpse of a return from Max, the fourth run of the show will definitely be leaving some regulars behind. Chatting with Josh Horowitz on his podcast, Happy Sad Confused, the pair confirmed Matthew Modine's villainous Dr. Martin Brenner is "definitely" dead this time. A character with nine lives, Brenner was believed to have been killed in season one by a Demogorgon, only to make a questionable return to the current release. However the pair cemented the demise of the scientist jokingly saying: "For real this time. He's toast." There's no coming back for the character that carried out tests on Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) at Hawkins National Lab. DON'T MISS...Metallica delivers verdict on Stranger Things' Master of Puppets scene [REVIEW]Stranger Things’ Sadie Sink addresses Max’s future [INSIGHT]Stranger Things’ Max star ‘frustrated’ over Billy Hargrove scene [INSIGHT] During episode eight entitled Papa, he was fatally shot by Lieutenant Colonel Sullivan's troops as he attempted to escape the NINA Project compound with a sedated Eleven. Dr Brenner isn't the only one to kick in the bucket as the new series sees another character buried six feet under. Attacked by a bunch of Demobats, audience favourite Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) is "sadly" killed off too. Jam-packed full of action, heart-wrenching drama and a bucket load of Vecna's wrath, the penultimate season didn't disappoint viewers. The hotly anticipated final chapter hasn't started filming yet with cast, crew and audiences all waiting impatiently to see what the Duffer brothers have in store. Not giving anything away, the pair are tight-lipped on plot lines but have let slip the next run is likely to feature a time-jump. The only other spoiler viewers may have been given came from executive producer Shawn Levy. He opened up about not wanting Stranger Things to outstay its welcome, suggesting an ending that leaves nothing to the imagination. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.