Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has broken his month-long Twitter silence amid links to Manchester United. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. However, a deal that would see the 25-year-old move to the Premier League is still in limbo. De Jong has kept a low profile in recent weeks, as Barcelona look to get him out the door in order to balance their finances. But the midfielder has now ended his Twitter silence, uploading his first post since June 12. De Jong took to the social media website to upload pictures of himself in pre-season for Barcelona, having featured in their 6-0 hammering of MLS outfit Inter Miami. And he accompanied it with the caption ‘pre season’ and an American emoji, too. In one image, De Jong is on the ball looking for a pass. And, in another, he celebrates with Ousmane Dembele after the France international scored Barcelona’s sixth goal of the night against Phil Neville’s team. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan It was certainly a sensational display from the La Liga giants as they prepare for the start of the new season. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang opened the scoring, showing the former Arsenal star won’t be outdone by the arrival of Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich. Raphinha then netted Barcelona’s second goal of the game, his first for the club since touching down from Leeds. Ansu Fati, now back from injury, was on target as well as youngster Gavi. And, before Dembele struck, Memphis Depay scored. The Netherlands international, like De Jong, has been deemed surplus to requirements by Barcelona as they seek to balance their finances. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  Tottenham are in pole position to snap up the 28-year-old, who previously spent a disastrous 18 months with United. Yet whether he ends up leaving remains to be seen. Regarding De Jong, United are still committed to a deal despite claims that he doesn’t want to leave Barcelona for Old Trafford. Ten Hag is said to have no alternatives on his radar, believing his former Ajax midfielder is special and unique. United have agreed to pay a fee of £63million to sign De Jong, who has spent the last three years playing in Catalonia. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet there’s work to be done in order for the midfielder’s move to the club to be finalised. United need to convince De Jong they’re the right fit for him, a task made harder due to their lack of Champions League football. And there’s also the issue of money owed to the 25-year-old as well. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic, De Jong agreed to take a temporary pay cut. And that means Barcelona owe him around £17m in wages, an amount they’re currently reluctant to pay. Former Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor, meanwhile, recently said United should give De Jong an ultimatum regarding a potential switch. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It’s going to come to the stage where Man United need to have some self-respect,” Agbonlahor said. “A club of Man United’s stature, how have they fallen where De Jong has said ‘Let me keep you on hold and make my mind up in a couple of months’. “That isn’t how Man United are used to being treated, usually it’s ‘I’ll sign for Man United, let’s get it done’. “It’s a bit embarrassing for them the longer it goes on, to be honest. “Maybe they’ve got to give him an ultimatum and say ‘There is this date. You either sign or we are moving on to other players’.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here