On Wednesday, ITV is set to air a documentary with exclusive access to the Duchess of Cornwall in her role as guest editor of Country Life magazine. The one-hour programme will reveal all about the future Queen Consort's love for the British countryside and the places which have shaped her throughout the life. It has been revealed that Prince Charles has opted against having a main appearance in the documentary due to him wanting his wife to "have her moment". Speaking in a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Camilla's upcoming documentary and Charles' decision not to make an appearance. Mr Sean said: "He wanted the focus to be on her [Camilla]. "For her to shine, [and] her to have a moment". He added: "[This] actually just proves what a kind and caring man he truly is". Mr Sean added that this is because "she gets a lot of backlash, still to this day". READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ as Duchess requests 'completely secluded' tables The royal expert added: "What he [Charles] really wanted to get over was the wonderful person that he loves and married". Mr Sean also noted the Queen's earlier request that Camilla later be known as Queen Consort. He said: "Lets not forget, earlier this year, in February, our wonderful monarch of 70 years decreed that now she would like, in the fullness of time, for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort." Mr Sean concluded: "So all of this, the guest edition of the magazine, the forecoming documentary and the very quiet celebrations of the 75th birthday are, of course, to alert the wonderful people of our great Commonwealth that this will be the future of the monarchy". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry return to royal life to support William? As she prepares to turn 75 later this week, Camilla was asked to guest-edit the 125th anniversary edition of Country Life magazine. For the anniversary edition, the Duchess commissioned Prince William's wife Kate, who is a keen photographer, to photograph her for the cover portrait. Prince of Wales and Camilla's official Instagram account announced the news that Camilla would be guest editing the 125th anniversary edition of Country Life magazine. The post read: "In celebration of The Duchess of Cornwall’s upcoming 75th birthday and the magazine’s 125th anniversary, Her Royal Highness has guest edited a special commemorative edition of @CountryLifeMagazine, to be published on Wednesday 13th July". DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] Camilla married Prince Charles in April 2005. Their big day took place in the form of a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall. READ NEXT: