The UK Government has committed to getting 95 percent of the country’s electricity from low-carbon sources by 2030 and to fully decarbonise the grid by 2035. It is also aiming for “up to” 50GW of offshore wind by 2030, including “up to” 5GW from floating offshore schemes.  Praising Brexit Britain's strategies, CEO of One Home Angela Terry said: “We are doing really well in de-carbonisation of our electricity and particularly the offshore wind industry is booming around the UK coast and with that, it’s creating jobs and bringing down the price of electricity. “So that’s where there has been consistent long-term support in Government policy. “The industry was able to build, invest, and scale up the workforce so that we are actually one of the world’s leaders in offshore windfarm.” Turbines placed out at sea are more efficient and reliable than those on land, but they cost significantly more to build and maintain.   Recently, the price of electricity from offshore wind fell to its lowest ever point and it is now four times cheaper than that from gas power plants. Meanwhile, Rishi Sunak has pledged to keep the ban on building any new onshore wind farms if he wins the Tory leadership race and becomes the next Prime Minister. The former chancellor would reverse Boris Johnson’s plan to relax the rules and let local communities agree to host turbines in return for cheaper electricity bills. Speaking to The Telegraph, he vowed to introduce a legal target to make Britain energy self-sufficient by 2045 by overseeing a massive expansion in offshore wind. READ MORE: London Euston chaos: Mass cancellations as emergency services deal ...  He told The Telegraph: “Wind energy will be an important part of our strategy, but I want to reassure communities that as Prime Minister I would scrap plans to relax the ban on onshore wind in England, instead focusing on building more turbines offshore.” Mr Sunak has also pledged to re-establish the separate Department of Energy, which was subsumed into the Department of Business in 2016. He would also create a new Energy Security Committee ahead of the winter tasked with keeping the lights on and reforming the market to cut future bills. He said: “As energy bills skyrocket in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, it has never been more important that our country achieves energy sovereignty, so that we’re no longer reliant on the volatility of the global energy supply. DON'T MISS:Royal fans gush over ‘classic’ Sophie Wessex in ‘fabulous’ frock Queen set to open doors to pub as monarch scouts for landlordsPutin under threat as worried Romania and Moldova join forces “That’s why as Prime Minister I would introduce an ambitious new plan to make the UK energy independent, investing in vital new technologies. “I am committed to Net Zero by 2050, but that can’t mean neglecting our energy security." 