Stefanos Tsitsipas has called for a new rule to be brought into place to stop players talking to themselves during a match as much as Nick Kyrgios does. Tsitsipas made the claim to the media after his hotly contested defeat to Kyrgios in the third round at Wimbledon on Saturday. The Greek was beaten in four sets on Court One at SW19. It was a feisty encounter between the two players and Tsitsipas was clearly riled by some of Kyrgios' antics. Tsitsipas occasionally appeared to try and hit the ball at his opponent as he got more wound up. The 23-year-old labelled Kyrgios a "bully" in his post-match press conference. And later he was asked if something needed to be done to stop Kyrgios behaving like he does. A journalist asked Tsitsipas: "For years we have heard these complaints from other players, not just yourself, about playing Nick. "Do you think there comes a point when the players themselves, that you in the locker room have to make a stand about this behaviour? Because it's clear that officials are not really doing anything."  Tsitsipas responded by making it clear how much Kyrgios' constant talking throughout a match "manipulated" his performance. And he wants a rule to be brought in to stop it. He replied: "I wish we could all come together and put a rule in place. I don't know. Something about talking. "Why would you be talking while you're playing? It makes no sense. "You are out there to do your job. Tennis is 'the' most important thing that we are doing out there.  "Every single point that I played today I felt like there was something going on on the other side of the net. I'm not trying to be distracted by that, because I know it might be intentional, because for sure he can play another way. "And that's his way of manipulating the opponent and making you feel distracted, in a way. There is no other player that does this. "There is no other player that is so upset and frustrated all the time with something. It triggers it so easy and so fast. "I really hope all us players can come up with something and make this a cleaner version of our sport, have this kind of behaviour not accepted, not allowed, not tolerated, and move on better." 