Piers Morgan delivered the news of Ivana Trump's death during Thursday's instalment of his TalkTV programme. Ivana, who was born in the Czech Republic, was married to former President Donald Trump for 15 years. Piers described the mother-of-three as a "fantastically entertaining character". Piers began: "I knew Ivana well, she was a fantastically entertaining character, who was always good fun to be around."I had interviewed her several times and it is very sad news for the Trump family."She had three children with Donald and there are statements coming out." READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' A statement issued by the former President read: "I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City. “She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life. "Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr., Ivanka, and Eric. "She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana.”  It has been reported Ivana died after going into cardiac arrest at her home in New York on Thursday just after 12.30pm. Her family said in a statement to ABC News: "Our mother was an incredible woman - a force in business, a world-class athlete, a radiant beauty, and a caring mother and friend. "Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. "She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination. DON'T MISS...Ivana Trump dead: Donald’s first wife and mother of his three kids die [BREAKING]Donald Trump exposed secrets behind 'women's attraction to him' [INSIGHT]Prue Leith calls for assisted dying in admission about brother [INTERVIEW] "She will be dearly missed by her mother, her three children and ten grandchildren." Ivana married the former President in 1977 and they later divorced in 1992. The duo were notable public figures in New York during the 1980s and early 1990s. After their divorce, the businesswoman went on to launch her own lines of clothing, jewellery and beauty products.  She penned in her 2017 memoir her relationship with her ex-husband improved following their divorce and they spoke to each other about "once a week". She also wrote about her close bond with her three children in the tell-all book. "No matter how busy I was, I had breakfast with my children every day," she wrote. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs on weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. 