The British Grand Prix burst into madness just moments into the first lap after Zhou Guanyu was at the centre of a worrying crash on the opening turn. But further disaster could've easily struck at Silverstone, with a group of protestors pictured on the track after storming a fence. Just seconds after lights out in the British GP, George Russell tried to battle back after a bad start resulting in a fight for position with Pierre Gasly and Zhou. Russell swerved to the left to find some room, clipping Gasly's Alpha Tauri and making contact with Zhou's right rear wheel. It catapulted the Chinese star into the air, and he was sent flying off the track and into the barrier while upside down in a horrifying scene. Alfa Romeo have since confirmed he is OK, and TV coverage has confirmed he was seen on a stretcher but moving in the aftermath. But incredibly, with all drivers involved seemingly OK, the crash could've been a blessing in disguise. Even worse scenes were threatened by a group of protestors who made their way onto the track during the first lap. A red flag stopped racing before the drivers reached them at full speed, potentially evading disastrous scenes at Silverstone. JUST IN: George Russell in horror crash as car flips upside down at British GP The FIA and F1 have since confirmed that shortly after the crash, 'several' protestors entered the track. A statement reads: "We can confirm that after the red flag, several people attempted to enter the track. These people were immediately removed, and the matter is now being dealt with by the local authorities." One spectator has claimed those culpable were dragged off the track while lying down by Marshals before police arrived at the scene to arrest them. The police were expecting some form of protest after receiving 'credible intelligence' leading up to the race and responded quickly when the protest was staged. Ahead of the British Grand Prix, Chief Inspector Tom Thompson warned those planning to protest that they would be risking the lives of others if they went ahead with their plan. He said: "Going onto a live racetrack is extremely dangerous – if you go ahead with this reckless plan you are jeopardising lives." But the group of five, four wearing orange shirts and one wearing darker colours, went ahead with their plan and were potentially lucky the race was stopped so early. The British Grand Prix will resume at 3.56pm, with Russell and Alex Albon joining Zhou out of the race.