Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has hinted that Harry Maguire could start alongside new signing Lisandro Martinez in his first-choice defence this season. Martinez's £47million arrival has threatened Maguire and Raphael Varane's statuses as certain starters when fit, but the latter could be more at risk. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer recruited Varane last summer to partner Maguire in the heart of his defence. But the Frenchman's first season in England was plagued by injuries and led to Victor Lindelof maintaining his starting berth as United slumped to their worst defensive record in Premier League history. Ten Hag has seemingly reacted to Varane's injury proneness by reuniting with Ajax's 2021/22 Player of the Season at Old Trafford to partner Maguire. And when speaking to the media ahead of United's third pre-season game, which Varane is likely to be absent for again, he confirmed that he views his captain as a first-choice defender. He said: "We have good centre-halves, and Harry is one of them. He can play on the left side and on the right. I think he is [a first-choice player]. He's proved it in the past, but he also has to prove it in the present time and in the future. He has played 46 times for England. Harry is really impressive, and I expect a lot from him." JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo set for Man Utd u-turn as Ten Hag addresses clause  Maguire's captaincy has been a debate raging throughout last season and this summer, with Cristiano Ronaldo's return disrupting dressing room politics in a torrid period. But Ten Hag has once again firmly cemented the England international as his skipper and reassured him of support as he looks to rediscover his confidence and best form. "I always see the captaincy as an issue that I dictate," Ten Hag explained. "The team building for me is an important point, and I always talk about a group of leaders. The captain is a really important one, and I'm happy with him. It can help [give him more confidence]. I will support him everywhere I can. In the end, he has to do it by himself, and he has the qualities to do it." READ MORE: Chelsea issued with 'threat' as Thomas Tuchel ploughs on with plans  Despite his plans for his first-choice pairing, Ten Hag has stressed he will have to use the entirety of his squad throughout a hectic schedule. United have Europa League football to also focus on, while the winter World Cup is bound to intensify the need for rest and rotation in the second half of the season. He added: "But there is also internal competition, and that is what a club like Man United needs. You cannot win with 11 players. We need a squad, especially this season with so many games. We have the Europa League, the Premier League and the World Cup, so we need a full squad with high-quality players." Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt