Alluding to her step-grandchildren, the Duchess said they "teach" her things. Her comments came during a tour of a school in Cornwall, in her role as patron of the charity Silver Stories. The charity encourages young people to read to the elderly. Camilla is a keen reader herself, hosting an Instagram-based book club Dame Esther Ranstzen, a trustee of the charity, met with Camilla at Charlestown School in St Austell. Speaking with Dame Esther, Camilla described reading as "the foundation of learning". She said: "I think all the young children need their confidence boosted especially to read, which as we all know is the foundation of learning. "You can see the pleasure these listeners get from listening to children - it's the highlight of their week." She added: "Well, what's so lovely about being a grandmother, they teach you things and hopefully they learn a few things from us." Camilla met with the founders of Silver Stories during her visit, Elizabeth and David Carney-Haworth. The Duchess also spoke with a group of Silver Listeners and Silver Readers in the school library about their experiences with the charity. READ MORE: Camilla dazzles alongside Charles as couple stroke adorable dog Camilla is a keen reader herself, hosting an Instagram-based book club The Reading Room. The book club promises "book recommendations, as well as exclusive insight from the authors themselves, in a community space for book lovers of all ages, abilities and backgrounds." It was launched following the success of her reading lists, which she published during the pandemic in 2020. DON'T MISS: Kate & William 'aware they'll be on throne' soon as pair eye new role [INSIGHT] William issues heartbreaking plea for 'swift justice' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry 'will not visit Queen at Balmoral' despite 'invite' [REPORT] She holds more than six patronages related to literature, including the National Literacy Trust. The royal has also presented the prestigious Booker Prize in past years. In April 2022, Camilla met with Bernadine Evaristo in her home at Clarence House to celebrate her appointment as president of the Royal Society of Literature. The Duchess has previously opened up about how much she enjoys reading to her grandchildren. She told the Mirror her favourite book to read to her grandchildren involves a "gangster granny" who plots to steal the Queen’s Crown Jewels from The Tower of London. Camilla spoke about the joy she gets when "their eyes widen as they begin to wonder if their own grandparents might have some interesting tales to tell." The Duchess of Cornwall's conversation with Dame Esther Ranstzen will be broadcast on Thursday on BBC Morning Live on BBC One.