 Prince William acknowledged the triumphs and challenges faced by the Windrush generation in the unveiling of a monument in their honour in central London. The Prince highlighted the historic strengthening of the nation as thousands of individuals from the Caribbean arrived in the UK following WWII. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams described the address as a “powerful speech” which highlighted “certain lessons” learnt from the recent royal tour of the Caribbean. Speaking at the unveiling of the Windrush Monument, Prince William said: “The Windrush Generation have made our culture richer, our services stronger and our fellow countrymen safer.”     The Prince continued: “This is something that resonated with Katherine and me after our visit to the Caribbean earlier this year. “Our trip was an opportunity to reflect and we learnt so much. “Not just about the different issues that matter most to the people in the region, but how the past weighs heavily on the present. “Sadly that is also the case for members of the Windrush generation who were victims of racism when they arrived here and discrimination remains an all too familiar experience for black men and women in Britain in 2022.”     In his analysis of the address, Mr Fitzwilliams said: “William gave a very powerful speech on the unveiling of the Windrush Monument. “He made it clear that certain lessons have been learnt from the Caribbean.” In March, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Caribbean as part of a week-long tour ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Prince suggested this visit had highlighted tensions remaining in Caribbean nations towards the Royal Family and the UK, which he made sure to acknowledge within his address. Read more: Prince William causes controversy by ‘nailing his colours to the mast’  In his speech, the Prince also made certain to address the gravity of the Windrush scandal which concerned the wrongful deportation of members of the Windrush generation. The Duke of Cambridge said: “That rightly reverberates through the Caribbean community here in the UK as well as many in the Caribbean nations. “Therefore, alongside celebrating the diverse fabric of our families, our communities and our society as a whole, something the Windrush generation has contributed so much to, it is also important to acknowledge the ways in which the future they sought and deserved has yet to come to pass.” In a statement following the conclusion of the royal tour of the Caribbean, Prince William said: “This tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and future.” Don't miss:Kate and Prince William unveil statue to mark Windrush Day [INSIGHT]Prince William pays tribute to Windrush generation during Jamaica trip [REVEAL]Queen hailed for role in fighting racism in the UK [ANALYSIS]  The Royal Family furthered their acknowledgement of historical harms in a recent address from Prince Charles during a meeting of Commonwealth leaders in Rwanda. In his speech, Prince Charles said he feels a “personal sorrow” as he continues to “deepen [his] own understanding of slavery’s impact.” The Windrush monument, unveiled by Prince William, has been positioned in London Waterloo station, chosen specifically for its historical significance to those it honours. In a Government statement, the location of the monument was explained as “thousands of people who arrived from the Caribbean passed through the station on their way to start their new lives across the country.” Read next:I reported Prince Charles to the police, was I wrong?Harry and Meghan savaged over rumoured Oprah chatPrince Charles steps in for Queen at Royal Family garden partyBritons divided over Royal Family’s future role in Commonwealth'One of William's proudest moments' The heartbreaking impact Deborah