Despite having access to a worldwide wardrobe and designers galore, even the Royal Family mess up occasionally in the style stakes. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Princess Beatrice's fashion faux pas. Melissa began: "Beatrice clearly likes fashion and is not afraid to stand out, but the devil is in the detail and she could look fantastic if she paid attention to the seemingly small details which actually make a huge difference." But what are the details that the royal needs to be aware of? Beatrice is lucky in that she is "around average height with a slim but curvy figure, nice legs and great colouring", but she doesn't always make the most of these assets. The expert explained: "Her clothes need to be fitted in order to showcase her curves (curvy figures need curvy clothes) and there are many shots of her wearing clothes which are not fitted enough and in these shots she looks larger than she is. "Aside from that, her major proportional problem is that she is short-waisted, which essentially means that there isn’t much vertical distance on her ribcage between her natural waist and the start of her bust. "A reasonably full bust compounds the issue." READ MORE: Kate Middleton dazzles at Wimbledon in polka dots - pictures This means that certain clothes are a "non-starter" as they will make her look "matronly". According to Melissa, the Princess' most recent fashion fail was on the fifth day of Royal Ascot, when she wore a black and white polkadot dress, featuring three large glittery bows on the bodice. As well as being the "wrong colour and style", Melissa believed that that the dress was also "too long" for the royal who wore it. But Beatrice's short waist is a "very common proportional problem" that many women may face. "People are often confused about what it means and think that you’re short waisted if you’re not very tall or if you have a short torso," Melissa explained. "Actually, it’s nothing to do with overall height or even torso length. "It’s possible to be short-waisted if you’re a six footer with a long back as it’s much more about the position of the bust relative to the waist." This year's Royal Ascot was not the first time Beatrice did not work her clothes to her advantage. Speaking about her 2017 Royal Ascot look, a blue dress complete with panelling on the shoulders and sleeves, Melissa said: "Too much going on up top." Then, in 2018, in attendance of sister Eugenie's wedding, the older sister opted for a dark blue peplum jacket and pleated skirt that did very little for her figure, as believed by the stylist. According to the expert, the high neckline made the Princess' neck appear shorter, while the bust was made to look slightly low. But Melissa provided some top tips for Beatrice so she can accentuate her figure. "To balance her proportions Beatrice needs to lengthen the torso and refine the bust area - the following will all help. READ MORE: Kate & Beatrice step out in nearly identical outfits - pictures "A really supportive bra will lift the bust as high as possible, creating more vertical space on the ribcage. "Choose low necklines to refine the bust area and lengthen the neck. "Avoid high necklines – these make the bust look larger and lower and shorten the neck. "Avoid puff sleeves – these can make the bust/shoulder area look bigger. "Belt or waistband position needs to be slightly below the natural waist to create more space on the ribcage. "A narrow belt is the right choice; wide belts should be avoided as they eat into the available ribcage space. "Choose couture-style rather than tubular sleeves. A couture-style sleeve will taper into the elbow and out again slightly towards the wrist. A tubular sleeve will add pounds to the upper body and make the bust look larger. "Avoid extra fabric or detailing on the upper body." As for colour, red and gold tones in her hair and creamy skin mean that warmer, softer colours are the "right choice". And the royal often does go for such colours, frequently stepping out in golden beige, latte, cream, teal blue and mid-blue. But there are some colours that should certainly be left to other royals: "Very bright colours such as peacock blue or bright pink are best avoided. "Black does not suit her and neither does optic white; the two together are also not right for her because the contrast level is too high for her soft colouring." Melissa Lund is a personal stylist and image coach.