Disney+ subscribers need to be on the lookout for a scam text message that claims they've missed a monthly payment. The bogus text message claims the Disney+ subscriber has to re-submit their payment for their subscription and are directed to a website where they are told to enter their details. But this is all just part of an elaborate con to steal personal and financial information from Disney+ subscribers and hit them with huge bills they weren't expecting. Once this information falls into the hands of bad actors it can be used for identity fraud and for stealing money from a victim's bank account. The fake Disney+ text message scam has been highlighted by CEL Solicitors, who help people that are scammed out of large amounts of money get it back. Ryan Beeley, a fraud expert solicitor at CEL Solicitors said: "This scam sees fraudsters posing as popular streaming services such as Disney Plus, and many people, even those who don’t have an account, are receiving texts. "The text prompts receivers to follow a link, some devices block this, but those who make it through fill in a form with their personal details and bank account details. "Money is taken from their account but their personal details can also be used by fraudsters to commit further scams." The fake Disney+ text message usually tells victims: "Your payment could not be processed. To continue using our service, please update your details here". The scam message may also urge Disney+ subscribers to "act now", which could pressure victims into rushing to click on the link without checking whether it's genuine or not. Scam messages - whether they are sent via email, text, or via other means - usually try to pressure victims into acting by instilling a sense or urgency. But making sure you carry out a few simply checks can help save you a lot of lost time and stress in the long run. Advising people on how to stay safe, Beeley added: "Be wary of any texts, calls or emails that ask for payment or an update of personal details or payment information. "Check the number or email it has come from, does this match what is listed on their website? If there are any links, does this look similar to the official website? "In the case of a streaming service or bank contacting you to update details, you could log onto your account and check your account details there." Express.co.uk has contacted Disney for comment about this scam. If you follow all of the above advice and still aren't sure whether a message you've received is genuine or not the easiest thing you can do is contact the organisation in question directly. And if you have received a scam message you can always forward it to Action Fraud - the UK's national fraud and cyber crime reporting centre - to help make sure others don't fall victim to it. You can call Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.