Summer (played by Harriet Bibby) has struggled with bulimia for a while, which was triggered by her diabetes diagnosis after she had to start monitoring her food and sugar intake. The Coronation Street teenager has recently found some happiness with her boyfriend Aaron Sandford (James Craven). However, she has continued to make comments about being "embarrassed" by her body, and official spoilers from the ITV soap confirm her devastating illness will begin to affect her relationship. Could Summer continue to hide her health relapse until she tragically dies? Summer, who was gearing up for Oxford University just a few months ago, surprised her father figure Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) by announcing she'd given up on furthering her education, opting to stay in Weatherfield instead. Billy had been hoping Summer would change her mind, so is disappointed when she states in upcoming episodes that she's definitely not going to university. She explains she will instead start looking for a job. Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) offers to put in a good word for her at the factory. Summer is grateful when the plan works out for her. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Carla Conner (Alison King) gives Summer an interview and soon offers her the job as PA. She is delighted to have landed the job but struggles with her nerves about taking on the role. An anxious Summer soon begins work at the factory. Beth Sutherland (Lisa George) makes snide remarks at the youngster, while Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) does her best to put Summer at ease. Later, a shaken-up Aaron tells his girlfriend that he was jumped on by some lads on his way home and shows her his bruises. The two end up having an evening alone, but when Aaron makes a move, Summer pushes him away. Upset, she orders him to leave her alone, and a confused Aaron walks away. After she has calmed down, Summer agrees to meet Aaron later in Victoria Gardens, where she admits that she really likes him, but can’t bear the thought of him seeing her naked body. How will he react? It's possible he may lose patience with Summer and put pressure on her, which will no doubt worsen her condition. An oblivious Billy seems to think Summer is recovering well after receiving some help. DON'T MISS... Richard Osman pays tribute to Pointless co-star Alexander 'I'm lucky' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Jack Webster taken by social services [THEORY]Kate Garraway to return to GMB ‘as soon as possible’ as Derek hospital [VIDEO] He was heartbroken to discover she'd been making herself ill a few months ago. The two finally had an honest conversation though, which led to Summer seeking help. "I hated myself," she admitted to a tearful Billy. "I stuffed myself stupid, then I felt relieved after I'd been sick, then just... guilt and worry." She added: "I just don't want to get fat. And please don't say, 'It's what's on the inside that counts,' or any of that stuff." "Okay," Billy agreed. "Am I allowed to tell you that you're beautiful?" "You're biased," Summer replied. "Diabetes just knocks everything out of sync. "I hate being denied stuff, I hate having to monitor my blood sugar - I just hate it." "I know it cramps your style, but it keeps you alive," Billy argued. He confessed he was "worried sick" about her but promised to get her through it with professional help. Since then, Summer seems to have been making improvements. However, the potential breakup with Aaron could put her on a downward spiral. If she keeps it a secret once again, there could be disastrous consequences. Will Billy be able to notice Summer is taking a turn for the worst, or could things get fatal for her? Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.