Eden Hazard could be on his way out of Real Madrid this summer, with Los Blancos reportedly placing him on their 'for sale' list as Carlo Ancelotti bids to streamline his squad. The Belgian's time at the Bernabeu has been a hugely frustrating one for himself and the fans, but with what he has shown in the past, it is certain that one or two big clubs are bound to try their luck. Express Sport looks at four in particular... Despite having just landed Raheem Sterling in a blockbuster deal from Manchester City, the Blues are believed to be keen on recruiting another winger before the end of the summer. That much is pretty much certain with Raphinha poised to sign for Barcelona, despite Leeds and Chelsea reaching a £55million agreement over two weeks ago. It would be an emotional reunion for Hazard and Chelsea, given that he dazzled during a seven-year spell that ended with his move to Madrid in 2019. It is debatable whether fans would be keen to re-open the chapter, however, given the extent of his struggles at the Bernabeu. JUST IN: Celtic 'preparing bid' for 'frustrated' PSG wonderkid as Postecoglou plots sixth signing The Magpies already have star quality on one flank, with Allan Saint-Maximin continuing to light up games in amongst Eddie Howe's new and improved crop of players. There is plenty of speculation on Newcastle swooping for another attacker, but there is every chance a winger could add the necessary goals given that Callum Wilson and Chris Wood are already at the club. Hazard would presumably be available on the cheap - at least relatively speaking - due to his age and disastrous form of late. Wages may still be hefty, but saving on the transfer fee would allow the Toon more money to play with between now and the end of the summer. DON'T MISS: Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled for Kalidou Koulibaly as deal 'close' The French outfit are among the favourites to land Hazard if he makes way this summer, as they tend to be with every big-name star that comes onto the market. Adding the 31-year-old's name into the mix would make PSG's front-line even more terrifying with Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe already at the club, while Neymar is rumoured to be following Angel Di Maria out of the exit door. That could create a vacancy for Hazard - a native French speaker who spent seven years making his name at Lille. PSG also have the financial muscle to shell out for the winger's big wages, which may have to be toned down from his current deal with Real Madrid. A move to Dortmund could provide some much-needed feel-good factor for Hazard, with his brother Thorgan gearing up for his fourth season as a BVB player. There had been links with the older of the Hazard brothers earlier this year, although there have been few signs of a concrete approach this summer. That could all change with Madrid now willing to sell, and while Germany is not a country Hazard has played in before, he may be approaching a stage of his career in which something drastic could be the best course of action.