Network Rail Chair Sir Peter Hendy revealed rail staff had been offered a substantial improvement to their working conditions including a pay rise of eight percent and promises to protect job security. However, despite the efforts of the rail companies to negotiate with trade unions, the UK’s transport network has again been crippled by a mass staff walkout. Sir Peter claimed RMT leaders had refused to offer the improved package to their members and the executive insisted on moving ahead with strike action despite significant progress in talks between the two parties.    Speaking on LBC, Sir Peter said: “We would like the RMT to make the offer that we’ve made to them to their members. “This is the fourth day of dispute, we’ve made some offers, none of them have ever been put to their members. “We think that’s quite unfair that the union leadership is not allowing the members to understand what it is that we’re able to offer them.” Sir Peter claimed trade union members had been left in the dark about the benefits package on offer as RMT leaders refused to allow rail staff to consider the deal.    Sir Peter described the negotiated deal: “A two-year eight percent deal with benefits and bonuses on the table, no compulsory redundancies and 75 percent discounted travel.” He added: “That’s not a bad package in these circumstances bearing in mind that nobody on the railway was furloughed during Covid and the Government pumped £16 billion into the railways to keep it going.” While the eight percent pay rise is not precisely in line with inflation as the trade union had demanded, the rate is far higher than the increased pay offered to other public sector workers including teachers and those in the NHS. The demand for no compulsory redundancies from trade unionists had also been met by rail companies, claimed Sir Peter, although union members remained blindsided. Sir Peter said: “We think they deserve to at least be able to consider it.” Read more: BBC Breakfast skewers Labour MP over Mick Lynch support He continued: “We’re trying to run the railway, we’re trying to run it in very difficult financial circumstances, after Covid with high inflation. “We’re trying to do a deal for our staff who deserve decent pay and conditions to give them as much as we can.” Sir Peter asserted the rail companies had made every effort to prevent the strikes by meeting union demands were possible, but RMT had refused to offer their members the option to consider the deal and postpone the walkout. “We also need to modernise the railway, we need to do the things in productivity that other similar organisations do.” Don't miss: Train strikes LIVE: 'Sack them all!' Fury at commuter chaos  [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer facing open Labour revolt as rebel MP joins strike picket [REPORT]Train strike ‘will blast a £100m hole in economy’  [REVEAL] RMT General Secretary Mick Lynch confirmed the union’s plan to move ahead with the rail strikes in a video address to members. He said: “Up until now, the companies have not given us any proposals that would suit the needs of the day. “In Network Rail, they’ve made a proposal that is conditional upon accepting a whole raft of changes to working practices, redundancies and work life balance. “In return, they’re made a measly pay offer over three years that represents only eight percent when inflation this year is in double digits - that’s simply not acceptable.” Read next: London Tube strikes CONFIRMED: Union names exact date as chaos loomsTrain strike dates 2022: When are the next rail strikes? British Airways pilots strikes poised to wreak chaos for holidaymakersUK faces MORE strike misery as SEVEN train firms confirm actionRyanair strike action may hit travellers in Spain