Raheem Sterling amusingly put Thomas Tuchel in his place over a game of table tennis on Chelsea’s pre-season tour of the US. The England forward has already settled in well with his new team-mates following his £50million transfer from Manchester City. Chelsea are preparing for the new season in the States, with Sterling linking up with his new colleagues after sealing his move from the Premier League champions. He made his debut in the pre-season defeat by Charlotte FC this week. In the fourth episode of Chelsea’s Tour Diaries series, fans are given a glimpse of just how well the 27-year-old has gelled with his team-mates since his arrival. Halfway through the video, the Chelsea squad are seen playing table tennis in their hotel. Sterling is sat next to Tuchel and insists to the German that nobody in the team will beat him. “I promise you, I promise you, nobody here will beat me at that table,” Sterling adamantly tells Tuchel in the clip posted to Chelsea’s website. JUST IN: Barcelona ‘hold De Jong meeting’ as Man Utd and Chelsea eye transfer Sterling then takes on Trevoh Chalobah and a firm winner sees him past the academy graduate, who was a surprise star of last season. Former Liverpool man Sterling then insists that Tuchel takes him on. The Blues boss gives the new forward a good game but ultimately loses. He jokingly shouts: “Not against Raheem! Not against Raheem!” Sterling was one of few good performers for Chelsea in their defeat by Charlotte. The Stamford Bridge outfit were ultimately beaten on penalties and Tuchel was frustrated by several individual displays. DON'T MISS...Kounde fate 'confirmed' by comment amid Chelsea and Barcelona duelArsenal above Man Utd and Chelsea drop two places in list of top clubsChelsea in danger of Raphinha repeat as key target 'flies to Portugal' He said: “I didn’t see it today. So it doesn’t matter what I have in my mind, the only thing that matters is what I see on the pitch. I saw four accelerations in the second half and they all came from Raheem. "This is what he delivers and there is no need for major doubts or huge criticism, but it is never important what the manager has in his head before pre-season, it’s the reality that counts. Every day in training and matches like this count and from there we go.” Chelsea are still hopeful of completing several other signings before they begin their Premier League campaign against Frank Lampard’s Everton on August 6. They are apparently close to signing long-term target Jules Kounde from Sevilla after fending off competition from Barcelona.