Cristiano Ronaldo reportedly gave no impression he wanted to leave Manchester United when shooting footage for the club’s launch of their new home shirt, according to reports. The Portugal international wants to leave Old Trafford behind this summer. However, there’s currently no indication he’s going to get his wish despite links to the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Barcelona. Manchester United were rocked over the weekend when it emerged Ronaldo wanted to leave the club. The Portugal international was a shining light under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, scoring 24 goals across all competitions. However, with United finishing sixth, Ronaldo is unwilling to play in the Europa League as he enters the twilight years of his career. Today, the Red Devils have launched their new home shirt for the 2022/23 season. Ronaldo’s image has been used, with the forward posing for photographs weeks ago - before they were officially released. And The Athletic say that, at the time of shooting, Ronaldo gave no impression of wanting to leave United behind. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez In fact, he even gave a ‘clear impression’ he would still be with the Red Devils in order to wear their latest jersey on the pitch. It is unclear, though, whether Ronaldo was merely keeping his true thoughts to himself - with the veteran now believing it would be the right time for him to go. He’s not played in the Europa League over the course of his career, though did feature for Sporting Lisbon when it was known as the UEFA Cup. And Ronaldo wants to play in the Champions League, a tournament he’s won five times so far. The first was with United back in 2008, with the Portugal international shining as Sir Alex Ferguson’s side reigned supreme by beating Chelsea in the final. Ronaldo then starred as Real Madrid won the prize six years later, scoring in the 4-1 final win over Atletico Madrid. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Atletico were also beaten in 2016 as Los Blancos battled their way to glory via a tense penalty shootout. Ronaldo scored twice when Real beat Juventus the following year, becoming the first club to retain the Champions League in it’s modern format in the process. And he was instrumental as the La Liga titans won the trophy in 2018, too, under Zinedine Zidane. United, for their part, are adamant Ronaldo won’t be allowed to leave the club this summer as they prepare for the start of the Ten Hag era. The Portugal international is being eyed by Chelsea to replace Romelu Lukaku, though the Red Devils are unwilling to sell to a Premier League rival. And while Bayern Munich are also potential suitors, the Bundesliga titans have now distanced themselves from talk of a deal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, Steve McManaman has had his say on talk of Ronaldo potentially leaving United behind this summer. And he’s labelled the news as ‘strange’, telling Horseracing.net: “It’s a very strange one. He only joined a year ago, and that’s just madness in itself. “And really he shouldn’t want to leave Manchester United just because they had a poor year. “You should want to stay and fight your cause. But I could understand that it might be beneficial to both parties. “Erik ten Hag’s come in and all he’s been asked about is Ronaldo. “It might be better for Ten Hag to make a clean start without him, because he does warrant a lot of press, questions and talking points all season. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If Ten Hag wants to get rid and thinks it’s great and all the numbers add up, then there’s not a problem. “Ronny’s 37. I completely understand that he wants to carry on playing in the Champions League but firstly I wouldn’t know who would take him. “The deal would be big. Manchester United have given him a lot of money in wages. I have no idea who would pay half-a-million a week, for one more year. “He's a superstar but if Manchester United could recoup their money, a new manager coming in might be better to say ‘OK, a new start. Get rid of everybody who doesn’t want to be here. Let’s start afresh’. “That’s cool and might be beneficial to Ten Hag. Secretly he might be thinking, ‘this is amazing’. But how this deal is going to materialise when you look at the bigger picture, I just can’t see how it’s going to turn out. You can see Ronny wanting to play in the Champions League but, sometimes, you can’t get what you want. “It’s not a nice end to everything with Man United.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here