It took us four hours to drive from London to Ingoldmells – a small village close to Skegness, but it was worth it. Four friends and I arrived at Fantasy Island and were booked into a Platinum holiday home where we could see the park's attractions from our doorstep. Inside we had all the amenities a family (or group of friends) would need for a weekend away. There was a comfy sofa (that turned into a sofa bed), along with an oven and microwave, dining room table and chairs, a spotless bathroom and two good-sized bedrooms – including one with an en-suite. But that was not all – outside there was a warm hot tub turned on and waiting for us – which was a lovely addition during the sunny weather. After exploring the home and getting changed, we headed over to the theme park. As a group of late 20-year-olds, we were looking to tick off the most exhilarating rides as quickly as possible. This included two towering and thrilling rollercoasters – The Odyssey and the Millennium – as well as 'drop tower' Volcano attraction. We also tested several family-friendly rides, including the wild river rapids, Cuthbert the Crazy Caterpillar and the Techno Jump – which were all great fun, too. One of the key things that set the weekend apart for us was the number of bars, market stalls and food places scattered across the park – there was so much choice! We stopped several times to refresh ourselves and also take a look at Europe's largest seven-day market. One of the best things about the park is it is located right on the beach, but also near several shops including a Co-Op and a Tesco. So once it shuts, you can soak in the rest of the rays (on a sunny day) down by the sea with an ice cream – and then grab some bits from the shops on the way back for dinner. On day two we checked out some of the other smaller rides in the morning, before heading over to the Go-Kart track. We raced between ourselves around the short, but fun course, taking only 10 minutes per race. It then (typically) started to rain, so we headed inside to test out the Ten Pin bowling. I finished second after a tense game, so we decided to play a second. We also took on the 18-hole Jurassic-themed mini golf and the bumper cars after it dried up. That evening we ventured outside the park to grab some food and headed into the local "Hollywood" bar, where a live singer kept us entertained all night. On our third, and final day, we only had a few hours until we had to head home, so we explored the huge arcade inside the theme park. Here there were scores of games for all ages – from your classic 'coin pusher' to full-scale racing car games – on all of them you could win tickets to be redeemed for prizes. And that pretty much concluded our trip, we packed up our things and grabbed some lunch near the beach before handing our keys back to staff and heading back to London! As an award winner for ' the ‘Best Theme Park for Families’ small category at the UK Theme Park Awards 2021, I would add that this theme park is definitely geared up for families, but can accommodate all ages. Beating the likes of popular UK theme parks including Adventure Island, Diggerland and Oakwood Theme Park, Fantasy Island impressed both the expert judges and the public with its family experience and overall package of offerings. You can find out more about the theme park, and book your next fun weekend away by visiting their website here.