This is the second death within 24 hours. It came shortly after Brazil reported the first monkeypox-related death outside the African continent in the current wave of the disease. The first death occurred at the Hospital de Sant Joan in Alicante and according to health officials, it was a man around 40 years old who was admitted to intensive care.  Doctors say the cause was encephalitis associated with the infection, although the case is being analysed to determine definitive confirmation of the cause of death. As of yesterday, a total of 4,298 confirmed cases have been reported in Spain, according to data from the National Epidemiological Surveillance Network (RENAVE). The WHO last Saturday declared the rapidly spreading outbreak a global health emergency, its highest level of alert. Of the total confirmed cases, more than 4,000 were men.  Just 64 were women. The age of those infected ranges between 10 months and 88 years, with an average age of 37 years. According to the Coordination Centre for Health Alerts and Emergencies, 3,458 of the confirmed cases were men who have sex with men. The Valencian community has exceeded 200 cases of monkeypox after confirming 43 new positives since the last update last Tuesday.  As reported by the Ministry of Health, there are 205 cases detected in the community, 101 in the province of Valencia, 89 in Alicante and 3 in Castellón, as well as 12 non-residents. They are followed by Asturias 36, Castilla y León 31, Castilla-La Mancha 23, Extremadura 20, Murcia 19 and Cantabria 15, Navarra 8 and La Rioja 2. Monkeypox is a rare viral infection which is usually mild and from which most people recover in a few weeks. The Centre for Disease Prevention says the virus begins with fever, headache, muscle aches, and exhaustion. Unlike smallpox, it also causes lymph nodes to swell. Within 1 to 3 days after the appearance of fever, the patient develops a rash, often beginning on the face before spreading to other parts of the body. Symptoms typically last for 2−4 weeks. According to the CDC, in Africa Monkeypox has been shown to cause death in as many as 1 in 10 people who contract the disease. However, the virus does not spread easily between people and the risk to the wider public is said to be very low. The current outbreak has been described as the UK and Europe's "worst-ever Monkeypox outbreak". Speaking about the virus, Sky News' Science Correspondent, Thomas Moore, explained: "The UK and some other European countries are now dealing with their worst ever Monkeypox outbreak. "This outbreak is really unusual. "Most of these cases have no connection to West Africa, they haven't travelled recently. "They've been within the UK but they are picking up the infection here. And that makes it slightly concerning for the UK health security agency."