As the cost of living crisis rages on, drivers have been looking for methods to cut costs in any way possible. Many have tried their hand at hypermiling, which utilises small changes to people’s driving habits to boost their fuel efficiency. With petrol and diesel prices slowly decreasing, many motorists are looking to drive in a permanent fuel-efficient way. According to Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel spokesperson, drivers could save three pence a litre by maintaining a steady speed and using other techniques. He said: “We would hope that these have become ingrained. “It seems like common sense to those people that have done it. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel “Disruption to fuel supply on three occasions within the past year, has probably helped those drivers to figure out how to save fuel.” A survey conducted by the AA found that 77 percent of drivers had taken steps to afford to keep driving. Just over a quarter said they had started combining trips. Some examples given included doing their weekly shop on the way back from work, or cutting out shorter journeys. DON'T MISSSoaring oil prices leading to cheaper used cars [INSIGHT]Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING]Drivers told to avoid 'extreme' fuel use by using air con trick [WARNING] Making one round trip can also preserve fuel economy, as it will avoid the extra energy required to heat up the engine. Mr Bosdet added: “If large numbers of people have become comfortable with leaving their cars on the driveways and walking around to local shops, and doing short journeys like that, then that is a big and hopefully enduring silver lining from what's been going on with fuel prices. “Drivers are getting bombarded with this sort of advice, whether it's to help the environment by using less fuel, or whether it's a matter of financial survival. “They've now had to put this into practice.” He added that fuel protests and supply chain issues have made drivers more aware of the need to utilise fuel-saving techniques. Some drivers will still be paying more than £100 per tank, despite fuel prices falling slightly in recent weeks. New figures released by Experian Catalist on Friday show that the UK’s average pump price of petrol fell to 187.54p a litre. That is 3.99p below the record of 191.53p which was set earlier this month on July 3. Diesel is now down to 196.12p a litre, 2.95p lower than the record of 199.07p from July 1. Despite the high prices, data has shown that many are hesitant to completely ditch their car. Only two percent of drivers said they had switched to walking and cycling to save money on fuel, while 11 percent moved to public transport. Luke Bosdet commented on the data, saying that for certain journeys, people have “no option but to stick with the car”. A new initiative from MINI aims to help those who are sticking with their cars and putting up with fuel prices to improve their wellbeing. Together with MINI, Joe Wicks is making a return the "P.E. with Joe" tour, to boost mental wellbeing through exercise. As part of MINI’s 2022 Big Love event series, Joe is out to keep families healthy and motivated–with a message that everyone should be able to lead a healthy life with minimal effort. From Sunday, July 31 to Saturday, August 6, Joe Wicks will be embarking on an energetic national tour in his MINI to bring his family-friendly brand of workouts to seven iconic locations in Somerset, Cardiff, Oxford, Norfolk, Leeds, Lauder and Perth. As part of MINI’s 2022 Big Love event series, Joe is out to keep families healthy and motivated–with a message that we should all be able to lead a healthy life with minimal effort.