Mr Johnson sacked the Levelling Up Secretary on Wednesday after he was the first serving Cabinet minister to call for the Prime Minister’s resignation. The shock sacking comes after a torrent of resignations from the Conservative Party from Cabinet members, ministers, and aides over the PM’s recent actions. It is thought that there are at least 46 resignations which have currently been handed in as a result of Boris’ failing leadership. Despite repeated calls for Mr Johnson to leave his post, the PM remained defiant and adamant that he is the right person to lead the party and the nation due to his success at the election and the vote of confidence in him just a few weeks ago by the Tories now trying to oust him. Mr Johnson said he would “keep going” and put on a fighting figure during a meeting with the Liaison Committee on Wednesday who repeatedly questioned his right to remain as Prime Minister. The sacking of Mr Gove is proof of Johnson’s fight to remain in power as Prime Minister and leader of the Tory Party and many are adding that it is his revenge for Gove’s leadership run in 2016 and 2019. Speaking on Newsnight, Ms James said: “I am totally shocked by that. I mean, having lost 40 ministers in the last 24 hours, he has now sacked probably the most competent minister in the whole Cabinet, and I think it is grossly irresponsible.” She added: “Michael Gove is responsible for so many vital areas of levelling up, of post-Grenfell tragedy, and to just suddenly dismiss him as I suspect some act of vengeance for what happened three years ago seems to be totally irresponsible.” It has been reported by Noa Hoffman, the political reporter for The Sun, that many civil servants have a lot of praise for Michael Gove as a minister who “actually reads his briefs” and is “actually competent”. READ MORE: Ukraine should hand territory to PUTIN, Germans say She tweeted: “Speak to a lot of civil servants and the one name they always mention as a good person to work for it Gove. ‘Actually, reads his briefs’, ‘actually competent’, of course just my experience of civil servant conversations but always found it interesting.” She added: “One civil servant who’s been in the service for more than five years tonight tells me that ‘the last six months have been the most demoralised I have ever been in a workplace’. “The civil servant added that Mr Gove was “one of the best ministers to work for: ‘really cared about the work’, ‘doing it for the right reasons.’” Since the sacking of Mr Gove, many ministers have commented on how the Government “cannot perform even the most basic tasks needed to govern”. Speaking in the House of Commons, Labour MP Conor McGinn told the Deputy Speaker of the House: “There have been a significant number of resignations from the Government and frontbench today… DON'T MISS: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant (INSIGHT)'Complete cut-up of Russian gas!’ EU in disarray as countries affected (REVEAL)'Enough is enough' Sajid Javid lands killer blow on Boris in Commons (INSIGHT) “There is a serious point in this, which is that as well as its departments and the functions of Government, Government ministers have a duty to the House of Commons. “My understanding is that the Government has adjourned and effectively cancelled Bill Committees tomorrow, because they are unable to provide ministers to fulfil their duties to this House.” He added: “It seems very much to me that this is a Government that has ceased in its ability to govern.” Labour MP Matthew Pennycook also tweeted: “The Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill Committee I’m serving on will not now sit tomorrow as planned because both the Government ministers on it have resigned. “We have no functioning Government.”