It is also among the largest 10 in the world. The plant contains six reactors (almost half of Ukraine’s total of 15) and can create enough energy for four million homes. The proximity of the smoke’s source to the power plant is currently unclear. France24 reported in May that there are global fears of a “potential atomic disaster”. Valery Vasilyev, a major general with Russia's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Protection Troops, told reporters that the situation was well under control. He said: “The Zaporizhzhia NPP is operating normally, in compliance with all nuclear, radiation and environmental safety standards.” READ MORE: Putin forming alliance of ‘pariah states’ But France24 noted: “Russian forces seized the site amid fighting in early March that caused a large fire at a training facility at the plant, which sits along the Dnipro river south of the Ukrainian-held city of Zaporizhzhia. “There was no spike in radiation, but the clashes nonetheless caused deep worries, especially in the country that was the site of the world's worst nuclear accident at Chernobyl in 1986.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Earlier this month, Russian military officials turned the finger of blame for any potential disaster and stressed that Ukrainian strikes could cause a problem. The Russian regional military-civilian administration for Energodar told Russian news agency TASS: “[We confirm] that the Ukrainian forces continue massive shelling of the city of Energodar today… “Explosions occur in direct proximity of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, which creates a threat of emergency situations, including a man-made disaster. “The military-civilian administration categorically condemns the actions of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, who endangers not only Ukraine, but the entire of Europe, should such disaster involve engineering or other infrastructure of the station.”