Ms Cates explained the reasons why she had decided to give leadership candidate Suella Braverman her full backing as she insisted Ms Braveman would be a "brilliant" Prime Minister. The Conservative MP slammed the left's "radical progressive agenda" and claimed Ms Braverman would stand up to media outrage. The Attorney-General has been characterised as a no-nonsense candidate and insisted in the past the UK must "get rid of this woke rubbish". GB News host Bev Turner said: "I'm not sure how that's relevant but we've got a lot of support for the women candidates coming into GB News this morning. "We saw Penny Mordaunt do her speech, which went down incredibly well, you're backing Suella Braverman aren't you?" Ms Cates said: "Yes that's right I'm backing Suella, I think she'll be a brilliant Prime Minister. "And we've got to remember we're not electing a leader of the opposition, we're not just electing a leader of the party. JUST IN: 'Very naturally!' Camilla praises Kate's 'extremely good' and 'relaxed' photography skills     Ms Cates added: "This person has to become Prime Minister straight away, they have to know what's going on at the moment. "How to deliver our manifesto commitments and we've come up with some really sticky issues on the Northern Ireland protocol. "On illegal immigration, on the sex education in school, it's going to take someone with a firm grasp on the detail. "And someone who is going to stand up against media outrage, against these kinds of radical progressive agenda from the left and I think Suella is that woman." READ MORE: Tory leadership contest down to EIGHT as surprise candidate crashes out of race to be PM     Ms Braverman is one of three female candidates in the running to become the next Prime Minister. The candidates have been whittling down by the day, going from 11 to 8 in the past twenty-four hours and that number will drop again. Mr Braverman has also pledged like many other candidates to cut taxes for Britons. She has been described as one of the most hardline Brexiteers and has also claimed too many rely on benefits from the Government, and has vowed to do more to tackle that issue. DON’T MISS: Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' - VIDEO[INSIGHT]Biden jets to Israel amid fears Iran plans on sending Russia several hundred drones [REVEAL]Brexit POLL: Should next Prime Minister seek to rejoin single market? [SPOTLIGHT]    Some other Tory MPs are not fully backing Ms Braverman due to her comments. Some MPs believe there are more important things to focus on like the cost of living crisis and tackling inflation, not culture the wars. Damian Green, Tory MP for Ashford told Express.co.uk: "I think they are not most people's priorities. If I was to ask people in Ashford what they really care about, it won't be culture war issues. "It will be day-to-day issues like the cost of living, housing, planning, and transport. I think it's important on future leaders to concentrate on matters in the real world, and not necessarily what matters most to newspaper columnists."  READ NEXT