Dr Michael Mosley revealed his dieting hacks to avoid "slipping up" when it comes to the summer months. With BBQ and picnic season well underway, he shared why people should stick to a "more effective" diet that still allows people to achieve rapid weight loss results. The creator of the Fast 800 diet plan explained that people can break the odd dietary commitment once in a while while still enjoying the benefits of weight loss. But he warned if snacking becomes a regular thing, that's where the issues lie and can knock back any progress people have made. In order to help people not sacrifice summer, he suggested sticking to a specific type of diet that doesn't restrict too much. Dr Mosley's website currently states: "So many face the feeling of worry and dread when celebrations and long weekends are on the horizon. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "It can often be the moment people break away from their diet, or face the infamous 'slip up'. "The Fast 800 is designed to be followed for life and with life comes events, occasions and celebrations." It continues: "Eating Mediterranean-style meals, packed with protein, healthy fats and fibre, will ensure you stay full and nourished throughout the day." Dr Mosley says that if a person is considering a weight-loss plan, "always look for one with some scientific credibility and find out who is promoting it and why". DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He explained that while there is no single strategy that suits everyone, he is a huge advocate for the Mediterranean diet. "This is rapid weight loss diet, based on a great deal of science and a number of studies carried out, have shown that rapid weight loss if done properly, can be much more effective and sustainable than slow and steady," he said. He also claimed that it is "one of the healthiest diets on the planet". Dr Mosley said: "The Mediterranean diet is changing what you eat but you’re not depriving yourself. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "It’s a relatively high-fat diet but it has enormous proven benefits." He has said previously that it is "the best diet to follow" for anyone looking to lose weight quickly and yet also stay healthy. Eating plenty of protein is a huge part of the Mediterranean diet which consists of mostly plant-based foods, like fruits and vegetables, potatoes, whole-grains, beans, nuts, seeds and extra virgin olive oil. It usually includes a low intake of meat and dairy foods. "Switching to other forms of eating broadly, it’s a matter of changing what you eat as well as the quantities," Dr Mosley explained. The NHS states that the Mediterranean diet has been linked with good health, including a healthier heart. This is something the diet expert agreed with this, adding: "A low carb Mediterranean diet has unique power not just to restore your body’s ability to reach its ideal weight and stay there, but also to cut your risk of serious disease. "It doesn’t come from a place of restriction but rather it’s about eating more of the right foods. "Not only will these foods keep you feeling full, but they also offer important nutrients and health benefits, and taste delicious.”