Death in Paradise first landed on BBC One a decade ago, and season 12 will be returning to screens at a date yet to be announced. In an unearthed interview on the podcast BBC Writersroom, the show's executive producer Tim Key and writer James Hall answered fans' burning questions about the drama, including how they replace detectives every few seasons. When asked if he knew in advance which actor would join the show before writing the script, Tim revealed: "In terms of the main characters, it's a collaboration. "We will have an idea for a type. If you take our current detective, Neville [Parker], for example, we knew broadly speaking the type of character we wanted to bring in. "We knew the energy we wanted that character to bring and we knew why that character needed to be different to Jack [Mooney] who had been a detective before." Jack was played by Irish actor Ardal O'Hanlon between seasons six to nine before Ralf Little took over as DI Neville Parker. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Tim continued: "We had some headlines and we had some direction to travel, but then when you find the actor you interrogate them even more and you start to really put flesh on the bones of that character around the actor that you've got. "I always feel like it is half a journey until you have an actor, and even then you are still finding the details of that character as you move forward." He added: "We look at who is out there and available and then we flesh the character out more based on that."  Tim later said he wanted every episode and every page of the script to be "rewarding" to BBC viewers. "Some other countries need shorter versions of the programme so they can put adverts into them," he revealed. Other countries which show Death in Paradise include New Zealand, France, Canada and Australia. To date, four actors have landed the leading role in the series which is set in the Caribbean on the fictional island of Saint Marie. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise in calls for Josephine Jobert to replace Ralf Little [LATEST]Death in Paradise POLL: Should DI Parker be replaced by a female? [POLL]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little's 'painful' discovery on great-grandad [INSIGHT] Ben Miller played DI Richard Poole in the first two seasons before Kris Marshall took over as DI Humphrey Goodman. Kris is now set to star in a Death in Paradise spin-off called Beyond Paradise. During a recent appearance on The One Show, Kris said: "All fans of Death in Paradise will [like it], it's very similar in its veins. "So the main themes are the same, but it's very unique as well."  Talking about the filming location, he continued: "We're going to film it down in the south-west I think, in Cornwall. "So it's going to be paradise, but it's going to be a different sort of paradise." He was unable to reveal who else has been cast in the spin-off during his interview. Death in Paradise episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 