Kate Garraway, 55, has candidly given an insight into how she is coping after her husband, Derek Draper, 54, was hospitalised again amid his ongoing battle with long Covid. The former political advisor first contracted Covid in March 2020 and still requires round-the-clock care. READ MORE:Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour Kate first confirmed that Derek had taken a turn for the worse last month and admitted that she was feeling “exhausted” and “fretful”.The presenter shared a serene clip of the flowers in her garden and told her 1.1 million followers that it is her “happy place”.She wrote on June 12: “So, Derek has been in and out of hospital a lot recently. Hopefully the wonderful health teams will help him improve, but I woke up early feeling exhausted and very fretful. “As you know my garden is my happy place so I came out for some calm...I certainly feel better for being in amongst it.” Although Derek is back in hospital, he has been able to return home to Kate and their two children: Darcey, 16, and Billy, 12, for weekend visits.However, Derek’s visit last week was almost a disaster when his vital medical supplies were misplaced in the taxi from the hospital.Kate had travelled with Derek in a black cab from the London hospital and accidentally left his medication in the front.Realising the error, a panicked Kate took to Twitter to appeal for urgent help. DON'T MISSDavid Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William[PICTURES]Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby[LATEST]Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers[INSIGHT] She pleaded: “@BC_Lostproperty help!! Have just brought Derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit and have left a case with all his meds and kit in the front!  “The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there - please look and get in touch - need urgently!!”Luckily, Kate’s Twitter followers helped spread the word and the taxi driver returned the kit.She confirmed on Sunday: “It’s been returned! Thanks to all who reached out - the message got to driver lovely Robert who has returned it - phew and thanks to all.” Kate and Derek have been married since 2005 and Darcey was born the following year, followed by Billy in 2009.The family has documented Derek’s battle with long Covid in two ITV programmes: Finding Derek and Caring For Derek.Their story has touched the hearts of the nation and last year Finding Derek won a National Television Award for Best Documentary.