Suella Braverman, who was appointed as Boris Johnson's Attorney General in February 2020, urged the Prime Minister to step down amid the Cabinet chaos. The Fareham MP told ITV's Robert Peston: "I've been a supporter of Boris for many years and I am incredibly proud to have served in his administration and I am very proud of what he has achieved on Brexit, on Covid, on Ukraine." Ms Braverman added: "I do think the time has come for the Prime Minister to step down." However, the ex-chair of the Brexit-backing European Research Group also revealed she would throw her hat into the race to succeed Mr Johnson as Tory Party leader. The 42-year-old mother-of-two said: "I'll be straight with you, Robert. "Yes, I will - If there is a leadership contest, I will put my name into the ring." Ms Braverman, who entered the House of Commons in 2015, confirmed she would not be resigning from her role and instead said it was her "duty" to continue. JUST IN: Michael Gove SACKED: Boris wields axe after former ally demanded Prime Minister resign She added: "I don’t want to resign because I have that duty and we need an Attorney in Government." Following Ms Braverman's announcement, a leading Eurosceptic has suggested the Attorney General lacks the experience for the top job. They told Express.co.uk: "She is talented but not yet experienced enough. It's too early." Despite concerns about her experience, Ms Braverman vowed to deliver "proper tax cuts" to help with the cost of living, shrink the size of the state and bring an end to "woke rubbish". It is thought Mr Johnson's recently appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi could also throw his hat into the Conservative Party leadership race. READ MORE: I adored Boris but it’s over, says CAROLE MALONE Ex-Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has also hinted at standing again for Tory leader. When asked whether he would stand again, the South West Surrey MP said: "I think we have to see what circumstances are and then make the decision." Tonbridge & Malling Tom Tugendhat, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Select Committee, also refused to rule out a leadership bid. He told the Guardian: "I won’t rule it out because I think that we should be ambitious for ourselves, for our communities and for our country." Deputy chair of the Covid Recovery Group and former European Research Group chief Steve Baker also hinted at entering the race. DON'T MISS:Who YOU think should replace Boris Johnson as majority want him OUT [GET INVOLVED]Boris Johnson gives huge hint he's ready for snap ELECTION [INSIGHT]It's like MPs have suddenly discovered integrity, what took so long? [COMMENT] The Wycombe MP said: "I respect that Conservative Home readers consistently put me in the top 10 for next leader. "So, in the event that Boris resigns, I will have to reflect seriously on whether to run." Mr Baker, who briefly served as a junior minister in the Department for Exiting the European Union under Theresa May, added: "I must take seriously that in the Conservative Home run-offs, readers have me beating Jeremy Hunt and I should take that seriously both for their sake and for Jeremy’s."