The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biographer, Omid Scobie, pointed to a letter by Vanity Fair editor Sam Kashner where he described Meghan Markle as an “extraordinary woman” in response to claims in new book ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors’ by investigative journalist Tom Bower. Mr Kashner accused Mr Bower of not conveying his “admiration and respect for Meghan” whom he described as “exceptionally warm and gracious”.  It comes after Mr Bower claimed Mr Kashner had accused the Duchess of “manipulating” the media during an interview in 2017, a few months before her wedding to Prince Harry, in his explosive book. Mr Scobie, co-author of Finding Freedom, took to Twitter to hit back at the claims. He posted: “Telling the truth. Buried deep within the letters section of today's @thetimes is a note from journalist Sam Kashner, who denies biographer Tom Bower's negative account of his experience interviewing Meghan Markle for Vanity Fair in 2017.”  In a letter entitled ‘My interview with Meghan Markle’ to The Times, Mr Kashner paid tribute to Meghan and Prince Harry calling the pair a “love match” and urged critics to let them “live their life in peace”. The letter said: “Sir, I’m afraid Tom Bower didn’t convey my admiration and respect for Meghan Markle in the excerpt from his new book in The Times on Saturday. “I found Ms Markle to be exceptionally warm and gracious and admitted her intelligence and her remarkable courage, as I still do. “I regretted the oft-published account of challenging Proctor & Gamble being edited out of my Vanity Fair article , because I’d wanted to highlight her lifelong activism. The piece itself was quite laudatory.  READ MORE: 'Meghan Markle mouthpiece' Prince Harry savaged “One more thing. I do not have a stutter. I may hem and haw a bit but a stammer is not a stutter and, as far as I know, Ms Markle never said she liked me because of it! “A belated congratulations to Prince Harry for taking such an extraordinary woman as his bride. Describing that particular moment during their interview, Mr Bower writes, according to the extract: “After lunch, she kicked off her shoes. Tucking her legs on to the seat, Meghan visibly relaxed and, to Kashner, appeared sexy. This was the moment to pry. “‘Tell me about Harry,’ said Kashner, not expecting an answer. ‘We’re a couple. We’re in love,’ Meghan replied into the recording device.“Clearly prepared, she balked when asked, ‘What does love mean?’ Instead, she asked Kashner about his marriage.  DON'T MISS Dr Shola lavishes praise on Harry and Meghan after UN event [OPINION]Meghan and Harry spotted leaving swanky New York restaurant [PICTURES]'It is pitiful' Harry and Meghan under fire over UN appearance [COMMENT] “Theirs is clearly a love match, so maybe we should stop piling on and let the couple live their life in peace.” The letter was signed off with “Sam Kashner, Williamsburg, Virginia”. Mr Bower claims the then Suits actress spoke about her relationship with the Prince with the editor by saying “we are a couple - we are in love”, and continued by pointing out how she wants to not publicise the relationship.  “Eventually she uttered, ‘I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. This is for us. It’s part of what makes it so special, that it’s just ours. But we’re happy. I love a great love story.’ “Bullseye. Kashner was quietly elated. Tellingly, she added: ‘I’ve never defined myself by my relationship.’ She was an independent woman who would not be defined by her relationship with Harry.” Then, when the magazine’s issue featuring her interview on the front page was published, Meghan was reportedly outraged that the focus was put on her relationship with Prince Harry.  She expressed her disappointment to Kashner, who then reportedly told Bower that he felt “manipulated by her behaviour: In the book extract, Kashner is quoted saying of Meghan: “She complained because she wasn’t presented in the way she wanted. “She demanded that the media do what she expects. I felt manipulated.”