James May will be back on Amazon Prime Video this week for his new travelling series, Our Man in Italy. The Grand Tour host sampled some Italian tailoring for his new adventure, and Carol Vorderman, filling in for Lorraine Kelly this week on ITV, was rather impressed by his appearance. The former Top Gear presenter was rather embarrassed when Carol offered him a flirty compliment for his fine Italian suits. James took a trip to Italy for his new solo series for Prime Video, a European follow-up to his hit series Our Man in Japan. Carol was given a sneak preview of the series, and she was rather taken by his appearance when he donned some fashionable Italian suits. “They put you in an Italian suit,” she explained. “You do look quite… you look quite hot in it, James!” READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’  Her guest was rendered rather flustered by the compliment, but swiftly managed to move on to explain more about the segment. “Oh, thank you,” he said bashfully, and Carol insisted, “You do!” “We made this, sort of, pretend advert,” James continued. “They said, ‘We’ll choose some clothes for you.’ “And I thought, ‘Right, this is going to be great’. Because I’ve always been bad at buying clothes.” “I had these two, sort of, personal shoppers. And I thought they were going to come up with something really, really outrageous. "And it was actually a blue suit and a plain shirt… But they chose exactly right. I don’t like to talk about myself in these terms, but I did look much better.” Carol agreed enthusiastically: “You did! There you are, look!” she added as another preview was displayed. “Absolutely, it showed off your six-pack a little, as well. Your toned, slim physique, James.” DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty distracts BBC viewers with outfit [REACTION]Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death scene [SPOILERS]Jeremy Vine guests hit out at water ration as hosepipe ban looms [OPINION] “Do I have one?” James asked, rather baffled, to which Carol said: “Well, you did in that suit.” Finally, James admitted: “I was slimmer at the beginning of the series than I was here.” James’ confession wasn’t surprising, as the series will follow the presenter on a tour around some of Italy’s top destinations as he samples the local culture and plenty of fine food and wine. He’s confirmed to be visiting every region of Italy “from the sun-kissed shores of Sicily to the snow-capped mountains of the Alps." The official description from Prime Video continues: “For James, Italy has always felt like a country that doesn’t seem to make sense. “On the one hand, Italy is often regarded to be on the cutting edge – of science, fashion, and engineering, yet its economic infrastructure has fallen on very hard times. Somehow, though, Italy and the Italians always prevail.” However, the presenter revealed the trip wasn’t all fun, as he also took part in some gruelling and bizarre challenges along the way. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Our Man in Italy will be released Friday, 15 July on Amazon Prime Video.