Chelsea have enquired about the possibility of signing Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle, according to reports. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel wants to reshape his forward line this summer and will continue making signings despite the £50million arrival of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. Tottenham are also reportedly interested in acquiring Saint-Maximin, who has apparently frustrated team-mates during pre-season. But Spurs have already signed Richarlison ahead of the upcoming Premier League campaign and might not need a new forward. Newcastle apparently value the Frenchman at around £40m, which could put off potential suitors. Saint-Maximin is wanted by several clubs across Europe but his inconsistency has often frustrated Magpies fans. The 25-year-old played in 35 Premier League matches last season, a solid riposte to critics who suggested he might not fit into Eddie Howe’s preferred style. He scored five goals and provided a further five assists. JUST IN: Chelsea in danger of Raphinha repeat as key target 'flies to Portugal' Chelsea seem willing to sign the 25-year-old and have enquired about the former Nice star’s availability, according to The Athletic. The Blues are however put off by the Tyneside outfit’s initial valuation but could negotiate a cut-price fee. It comes amid reports that Saint-Maximin ‘annoyed’ team-mates as Newcastle prepared for their first full season under the majority ownership of the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund. Howe - who was appointed last November - insisted he would ‘address’ an incident in which the winger parked his Ferrari in the yellow-chevroned box outside the club's training ground. “That is something we will be addressing with him,” Howe confirmed during the club’s pre-season training camp this week. Saint-Maximin was also seen having a heated exchange with Jacob Murphy during a training session in Saalfelden, Austria, where Newcastle have flown to prepare for the new season. DON'T MISS...Arsenal above Man Utd and Chelsea drop two places in list of top clubsThomas Tuchel has another Romelu Lukaku situation growing at ChelseaChelsea 'one step closer' to sensational Cristiano Ronaldo transfer But Howe also insisted that the club have made a concerted effort to ensure the ex-Monaco ace is ‘in a good place’. The former Bournemouth head coach added: “We've worked really hard with Maxi during pre-season. He's in a really good place, I think. "He looks happy. He's trained well. He's delivered everything that we've asked him to deliver. You know, we've pushed him physically. He's responded. So, I'm hoping for a very, very good season.” Meanwhile, Chelsea continue to be linked with big-name stars following the takeover of the club by chairman Todd Boehly and his investment partners, Clearlake. Sterling and Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly are the two major arrivals so far, joining for a combined fee of around £80m. Jules Kounde is expected to be next through the door after a £55m fee was agreed but the star could delay a deal due to his reported preference to join Barcelona. 