In a video on social media released by hosts BBC News, the two leadership candidates Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are asked what rating they would give to the current Prime Minister for his tenure from 2019. The question is an especially pointed one given the concerns raised by Conservative MPs recently regarding Tory-bashing during the election campaign, as well as the roles of both Ms Truss and Mr Sunak in Mr Johnson’s cabinet. The foreign secretary awarded the current caretaker PM a seven out of 10, while Mr Sunak admitted that when it came to "delivering a solution to Brexit", Mr Johnson deserved full marks.    The audience was made of people who voted Conservative in the so-called red wall seat in 2019 of Stoke-on-Trent. And as they reflected on Mr Johnson’s time in office, they appeared to agree with Mr Sunak that he had delivered Brexit well. Mr Sunak said: “You know what, my views are clear: when he was great, he was great; but it got to a point where we needed to move forward.” BBC host Sophie Raworth asked: “What does that mean? Five out of ten?” Mr Sunak replied: “Well, actually, in delivering a solution to Brexit and winning an election, that’s a 10 out of 10.    “You have got to give the guy credit for that. No one else could have probably done that.” The crowd then erupted into a loud round of applause. With postal ballots set to arrive on Tory members' doorsteps by August 5, Mr Sunak was under pressure to use the BBC debate and another hosted by TalkTV and the Sun on Tuesday to make an early breakthrough. Various polls had Ms Truss as favourite to win the leadership role, notwithstanding fewer votes from MPs during the initial rounds of voting, due to her strong support among the Tory Party members. And a snap poll by Opinium, based on a sample of 1,032 voters, found 39 percent believed Mr Sunak had performed best compared to 38 percent for Ms Truss. READ MORE: Thatcher's ex-Cabinet colleague backs Sunak in Tory leadership race [REVEAL]   The pair spent much of the evening’s debate criticising each other’s economic plans as the blue-on-blue attacks continued. Former chancellor Mr Sunak claimed there is “nothing Conservative” about Ms Truss's approach and it would give the party “absolutely no chance” of winning the next election. Foreign secretary Ms Truss in turn suggested her rival would lead the country into a recession and criticised him for increasing taxes to the “highest rate in 70 years”. Ms Truss said she would put an economic growth plan in place “immediately” if she becomes prime minister, along with imposing a temporary moratorium on the green energy levy. The increase in national insurance would also be reversed, Ms Truss said. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are DESTROYING the Conservative Party [OPINION] Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HERE [POLL] Liz Truss branded 'basically mad! as Tory hopeful tipped to beat Rishi [REPORT]  Mr Sunak said he would like to make sure that his government “always” has policies in place to support through the cost-of-living crisis. Ms Truss said her plans would see the government start paying down the debt in three years' time, with Mr Sunak countering: “You've promised over £40 billion of unfunded tax cuts - £40 billion more borrowing. “That is the country's credit card and it's our children and grandchildren, everyone here's kids will pick up the tab for that. There's nothing Conservative about it.” But in a rare sign of harmony, both candidates said they would want the other to be involved in their government, although allies of Ms Truss were reported to have said Mr Sunak had demonstrated “aggressive mansplaining and shouty private school behaviour” during the debate. READ NEXT: Tory leadership debate: Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak clash over tax cutsBoris Johnson 'does not want to resign' as Prime MinisterTruss & Sunak mistaken for 'cardboard cutouts' in BBC debate introWASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz TrussBoris Johnson privately admits he wants to 'wipe away' resignation  