CBS long-running procedural drama NCIS will return in September with a highly anticipated crossover with its recent spin-off series NCIS Hawaii. This special episode will see Agent Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) travel to the island and after a major, clue fans believe he could be killed after a fatal shooting.  Throughout season 19, fans have speculated Torres’ time as an NCIS agent could soon be coming to an end. This was first hinted at during the episode titled ‘Fight or Flight’ which saw him push his friends away and isolate himself from socialising. After Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) asked what his plans were after he blew off drinks with her, he responded: “We spend all day together at work, do we have to spend every second of our lives together, too?” Which was a strange admission, considering the two were longtime friends.  READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Torres then agreed to go on an undercover mission for a case involving cage fighting, which revealed he was battling with his mental health. When he unexpectedly paired with someone bigger than him, the agent agreed to go head to head, however, the fight got so brutal Alden Parker (Gary Cole) was forced to step in. After Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) remarked: “It looks like you’re trying to get yourself killed,” Torres responded: “Yeah, so? Who’s left to care, man?” When McGee said: “Me,” Torres hit back: “Yeah, until you don’t,” which led him to ask: ”Where am I going? I’m not going anywhere.”  By this point, Torres’ abandonment issues began to become visible when he replied: ”I don’t know man, but you already have a family. You don’t need me.” The fan-favourite agent had been faced with heartbreaking goodbyes when Eleanor Bishop (Emily Wickersham) left after they finally shared their first kiss. Then again when Gibbs (Mark Harmon) who he looked up to like a father made an unexpected departure. With his mental health battle, perhaps he will volunteer to work at the Hawaii base led by Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey), however, a shooting there could lead to his death.  DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20: Jimmy Palmer star hints daughter will return [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey on how new role impacted marriage [INSIGHT] The shooting was hinted at during a behind-the-scenes interview with Lachey and Valderrama, which was posted on the network’s Instagram page. During the clip, the stars were in Hawaii talking about the upcoming instalment. As they looked out on the beach, Valderamma remarked: “This is the most beautiful place I’ve ever been shot at.” Although the actor revealed his character would be the target of a shooting, fans will have to tune into season 20 to see if he will succumb to a bullet.  Things will undoubtedly take a turn for Toress after the showrunner Steven D. Binder confirmed season 20 will be dark for the character. He told TV Insider: “I think we’re gonna go pretty dark with [Torres]. “We try and do it in a way that doesn’t destroy what we love about the character, so always in service to something greater. It’s not just pure darkness.” Thankfully for fans, NCIS and NCIS Hawaii were confirmed to make its return to screens later this year. NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS on Monday, September 19. 