Cameron Norrie, 26, sealed his place in the Wimbledon quarter-finals on Sunday with victory over Tommy Paul. The ninth seed, who has never made it this far in a Grand Slam, is the last British player left in the singles draw. His comfortable 6-4 7-5 6-4 victory over his American opponent drew huge cheers from the crowd at Court One. The win means Norrie will now play Belgium’s David Goffin in the last eight of Wimbledon on Tuesday. The British star is currently the world number 12 in the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) rankings. Although he has never won a major, he has taken on some of the greatest players of all time. One of his toughest matches came against Roger Federer at the Hopman Cup in Australia in 2018. Norrie made a brutal swipe at the Swiss legend, who beat him 6-1 6-1 in the tournament’s opening match. After his own victory over Frances Tiafoe, Norrie was asked for his thoughts on Federer in the post-match interview. JUST IN: ‘Makes me angry’ Kate Middleton sparked outrage with Tim Henman photo at Wimbledon He said: “I don't think I ever want to see Roger on the other side of the net ever again.” His comments sparked laughter from the crowd before the interviewer pointed out that Federer was not going anywhere. Norrie continued: “It was good to get the win today definitely. “A little bit nervous coming off that pretty quick loss to Roger but it was good to turn it around. “And as I said before taking confidence into next week.” At the time of Norrie’s meeting with Federer, the British player was only ranked 91 in the world. The pair met again last year in the third round of Wimbledon, where Norrie put on a far more convincing display. He managed to rob the eight-time Wimbledon champion of a set during his 6-4 6-4 5-7 6-4 loss. The Swiss went on to progress to the final of the championships in 2021 but lost to first seed Novak Djokovic. Federer is not playing at Wimbledon this year as he continues to recover from a third knee surgery. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] Norrie will be hoping to emulate Federer’s success at the tournament, which the Swiss first won in 2003, aged 21. The British player spoke of his own Wimbledon chances after his victory over Paul on Sunday. He said: “I've improved a lot and matured on the court and kept progressing with my team," he said afterwards. “I've definitely improved mentally over the years and I'm way more mature as a player, and I think it shows.” Norrie also addressed his position as the last Briton standing in this year’s championships at SW19. He said: “Unfortunately I'm the last [Briton] standing. But I think it's even more reason for everyone to get behind me.” Highlights of Norrie vs Paul are available across the BBC.