The actress, who starred in EastEnders in the 1990s, told GB News viewers the current standard of programming on the BBC has put her off renewing her TV licence. The 48-year-old revealed she doesn't watch BBC programmes anymore, claiming the channel "doesn't work for working-class" people. During the mother-of-two's recent appearance on GB News, she explained to viewers why she has boycotted the BBC. Danniella said: “To be perfectly honest I don't pay a TV licence, so I don't watch the BBC. "Long, long gone are the days of Only Fools and Horses and great comedy and great drama that they made. "For me, personally, I find their morning breakfast show very stuffy." READ MORE: Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles  The actress added: "It just doesn't appeal to me, I find myself flipping to other channels that have more and different opinions on them. They're very one-sided." Speaking about a culture change within the BBC, Danniella said: “If I was still there, this would have been my 32nd year at the Beeb." "I’m BBC homegrown and proud of it," she added. "To be perfectly honest, I've seen a huge change there.   "A huge, huge change there in the demographics and back in the late '80s, early '90s, it was a very fun and free place to work and it was very good and very fair." Danniella reiterated her point about the BBC becoming "stuffy". She has turned her attention towards other broadcasters, adding: "There are a lot more channels on TV now, thank goodness, for people like me to work on. "I just don't think [the BBC] caters for the working class, even in their dramas and soap operas.  DON'T MISS...Danniella Westbrook rushed to hospital amid 'sudden health shock' [LATEST]Danniella Westbrook to undergo £500k NHS facial surgery to ‘survive' [UPDATE]EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway's exit sealed as he kills Karen Tayl [THEORY]  “We don't get things like Only Fools and Horses and things like the great things we used to have. "It just doesn’t make TV like that anymore.” The former soap star later admitted she is more of a fan of ITV's Coronation Street than EastEnders. The BBC has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment.   Danniella has been invited onto GB News numerous times in recent months where she has voiced her opinions on private schooling, acting, and even US President Joe Biden. The star has also spoken out to GB News host Mark Dolan about her health struggles which she has battled over the decades. In March, he told her during their interview: "Now, look at you, you're a picture of health." GB News airs weekdays on Freeview 236, Sky 515 and Virgin 626. 