In the past, a spell of balmy weather would have been welcomed as a break from the usual dampness that hang over our island.  But that is not the outlook of the modern health bureaucrats, who seem determined to turn a moment of cheer into an episode of gloom. In their invented climate of anxiety, sunbeams are treated as a major biohazard, rising temperatures as national disaster. Eager to accentuate the mood of panic, the Met Office has declared a heatwave emergency, while the UK Health Security Agency has imposed a Level 4 alert. “At this level, illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy,” the Agency intones solemnly. Competitive scaremongering now runs through parts of the state machine. Politicians take to the airwaves with a contradictory mix of assurance and dread. Cobra holds its selfimportant meetings in a Whitehall bunker. Hospital appointments are postponed, train services cancelled, school buildings closed, and ambulance capacity expanded. In tones of grim foreboding, broadcasters tell us that Britain’s highest-ever temperature will be reached this week. All this is accompanied by a deluge of safety warnings, many of them laughably banal. “Walk in the shade, apply sunscreen, and wear a hat and light clothing,” urges the UK Health Security Agency, which also instructs people at home to “turn off central heating”. Gallons of water should be consumed in the heat, but not a drop of alcohol. This orgy of fear is partly a legacy of the Covid pandemic, where the state assumed enormous drop of alcohol. This orgy of fear is partly a legacy of the Covid pandemic, where the state assumed enormous powers over our lives. Having become addicted to the exercise of control, the nanny state zealots are eager to flex their muscles again. There is also a self-serving instinct among bodies like the Health Security Agency to justify their empires by inventing more work for themselves with all their “heatwave action plans”. In addition, vested commercial interests have a stake in fuelling public nervousness, like those of the manufacturers of suncreams and bottled water. Environmental politics also play a role. If sunshine can be presented as a deadly threat, then pressure can be cranked up to implement the green agenda. The arrival of Mediterranean weather in Britain is thus not to be savoured but rather a pain to be suffered, a form of cosmic punishment for our selfish embrace of destructive capitalism. But much of this hysteria is misplaced. It is absolutely right, of course, to show concern for the vulnerable in the current unusual conditions. We should care for elderly and the very young in the heat. But there is no justification for the atmosphere of nationwide calamity. We have had plenty of hot summers before, as in 1911 when the sun shone brightly for two successive months, or 1976 when the temperature passed 32C on 15 consecutive dayswithout a national breakdown. Moreover, much of the alarmism treats us as children. “Only enter the water in areas with adequate supervision and rescue cover,” says the Health Security Agency on swimming. Given that kind of baby talk, you would never have thought we won two world wars and built the greatest empire the world has ever seen, much of its territory in far hotter climes than anything in Britain today. Nor would you have imagined from all the official handwringing that millions of Britons love to holiday every year in sundrenched hotspots. Some bureaucratic advice is counterproductive. In recent decades Britain has seen a resurgence in rickets because of widespread deficiencies in Vitamin D, for which sunshine isthe primary source. Partly thanks to the obsession with protection, one in five children have such a deficiency, along with one in six adults. “People are taking the safe sun message too far,” says a team at Newcastle University which has researched the problem. The real UK weather killer is actually the coldness in winter, with the death toll likely to be even higher this year because of soaring energy bills. Studies by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine show that each year between 2000 and 2019 “there were on average 800 excess deaths associated with the heat and over 60,500 associated with cold”. That puts into perspective the terror over the heatwave. Take care, but don’t allow the puritans to ruin our fun in the sun.