Marissa Malik explained the zodiac is linked to personality traits and preferences and astrology can be a very useful tool "to find the perfect place to call home" for those who are looking to relocate to another country soon. She added: “We’re seeing more and more people look to astrology for guidance in making big life decisions. I hope that these horoscopes will give renters the confidence to make that big lifestyle change and feel happy to have found their place in the world.” Countries: Palestine, England, Hong Kong, Germany, Poland, Syria, Israel, Lithuania, Senegal, Sierra Leone and Zimbabwe. Cities: Birmingham, Cape Town, Leicester, Florence, Krakow, Naples, Utrecht, Marseilles and Georgia. Countries: Cyprus, Tasmania, Ireland, Capri, Rhodes, the Greek Islands, Cuba, East Timor, Serbia, Tanzania, South Africa and Yemen. Cities: Lucerne, Eastbound, Eastbourne, Hastings, Palermo, Leipzig, St Louis and Dublin. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage Countries: Iceland, Sardinia, Morocco, Belgium, Wales, Eritrea, Guyana, Kuwait, Norway, Montenegro, Sweden and Tonga. Cities: Nuremberg, Tripoli, San Francisco, London, Melbourne, Plymouth and Cardiff. Countries: USA, Paraguay, Scotland, Algeria, Holland, the Bahamas Bahrain Belize, Burundi, Cape Verde, Columbia, Comoros, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Croatia Djibouti, Kiribati Laos, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi Mozambique, Rwanda, Slovenia Solomon Islands, Somalia and South Korea. Cities: Manchester, San Francisco, Stockholm, Tokyo, Venice, York, Amsterdam and Milan.  Countries: Afghanistan, India, Italy, Macedonia, Romania, Sicily, Ecuador, Zanzibar, Bhutan, Bolivia, Central African Republic Chad, The Ivory Coast, Gabon, Indonesia, North Korea, South Korea, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Maldives, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Mongolia, Seychelles, Singapore, Ukraine and Madagascar. Cities: Bristol, Bombay, Chicago, Madrid, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Rome and Bath. Countries: Brazil, Switzerland, the Ukraine, Uruguay, West Indies, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Brazil, Costa Rica, El Salvador Estonia Guatemala, Honduras, Mali, Moldova, Qatar and Tajikistan. Cities: Los Angeles, Toulouse, Corinth, Lyons, Boston and Mexico City. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Countries: France, Tibet, Argentina, Austria, Burma, Canada, China, Japan, Siberia, Botswana, Equatorial Guinea, Fiji, Iraq, Israel, Lesotho, Nigeria, Palau, Saint Lucia, Saudi Arabia, Tuvalu and Uganda. Cities: Lisbon, Frankfurt, Paris, Copenhagen, Johannesburg, Nottingham and Antwerp. Countries: include Angola, Morocco, Queensland, Korea, Syria, Norway, the Transvaal, Bavaria, Antigua, Barbuda, Cambodia, Dominica, Latvia, Lebanon, Micronesia, Panama, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Zambia. Cities: Cincinnati, Liverpool, Newcastle, Washington DC, Vienna (pictured), Baltimore and New Orleans. Countries: Spain, Australia, Chile, Hungary, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Barbados, Cameroon, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Libya and Mauritania. Cities: Budapest, Johannesburg, Naples, Nottingham, Sheffield, Sunderland, Stuttgart and Toronto. Countries: India Bulgaria, Mexico, Great Britain, the United Kingdom, Albania, Afghanistan, Lithuania, Bosnia, Brunei, Czech Republic, Haiti, Nauru, Slovakia and Sudan. Cities: Brandenburg, Brussel, Delhi, Mexico City, Port Said, Oxford and Ghent. Countries: Iran, Finland, New Zealand, Russia, Sweden, Syria, Ethiopia, The Holy Vatican City and Sri Lanka. Cities: Brighton, Hamburg, Helsinki, Moscow, Salzburg, St. Petersburg, and Bremen. Countries: North Africa, Tunisia, Portugal, Samoa, Egypt, Scandinavia, Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia and Tunisia are the best matches with their personality. Cities: Boston, Rio de Janeiro, Jerusalem, Bournemouth, Seville, Warsaw, Alexandria, Grimsby and Cowes.