The 38-year-old said anyone in her position would do the same as she has and keep themselves busy following her public split from Richie Myler, her husband of eight years. The duo announced their separation earlier this year and will continue to co-parent their three children. When fans last saw Helen, 38, on the Channel 5 show, Summer on the Farm, she was heavily pregnant with her third child Elsie on the Christmas special. Since then, the mum-of-three has split from her husband Richie who she had been married to for eight years. She briefly addressed her separation when Lorraine first introduced her to viewers at the start of the interview. Lorraine said: “Helen it’s so good to see you.   “You’ve had a bit of a rough time I know, but the best way to get over stuff is just to get out there again isn’t it? Out there working.” Helen replied: “I think anybody in my position would say the same. I’ve got three small children and a very loud dog as you can hear!” With her dog barking in the background, the Countryfile star shouted at her pet to be quiet. Lorraine insisted it was fine: "Kids and dogs and all that, your life is like that, it really is.   "And you're used to the chaos so it’s all fine! So you're my kind of woman, you put on a brave face and you're back out doing the series-" However, Helen had to pop off camera to get her dog under control for viewers to be able to hear her. Returning back for the interview, Helen apologised before they spoke about the new series of her show. Lorraine remarked: “I know how much you love this show.”   “It’s so much fun! It is not like work," Helen exclaimed. "When you’ve got kids it can be quite the opposite but I get my face painted, someone makes my tea and then I talk out loud and play with cute animals. “It’s not like work, it's like a trip out, It’s really family based.” Helen announced her split from Richie on Instagram earlier this year. She wrote on her Instagram Story: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home.    We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.” The duo share three children together Ernie, six, Louis, four, and a baby daughter Elsie Kate who was born in December. Summer on the Farm Live will be broadcast every weeknight from 8pm on Channel 5. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.  