Former Chelsea full-back Glen Johnson has claimed that the Blues can “kiss the title goodbye” if they avoid signing defenders with Premier League experience this summer. After losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers, Thomas Tuchel’s side have prioritised defensive additions during the transfer window but have only signed Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli as an addition to their back three. Chelsea were linked with Nathan Ake who has made 170 Premier League appearances, but after a potential move collapsed they appear to have turned their attention to Sevilla’s Jules Kounde. The Blues have had a £47million bid rejected for the France international according to talkSPORT, but Johnson believes that Chelsea need to look closer to home to boost their defence. “If they’ve almost got a brand new defence then that could hamper them initially,” Johnson told BettingOdds. “However, if they can get players with Premier League experience, then it might not hinder them as much. “If you get a couple of players that don’t know the Premier League and they all can’t gel at once then that may potentially lose them the fight. If you sign four players from outside the Premier League for example, then one of them is going to flop. That’s just a fact. READ MORE: Arsenal urged to fix 'massive problem area' by moving for Chelsea man “You’re not going to get four new defenders that are going to be ten out of ten from the moment they arrive. If they buy a number of defenders without Premier League experience, then they can kiss the title goodbye straight away.” The majority of defenders linked with a move to Stamford Bridge have never played in the Premier League, with Paris Saint-Germain’s Presnel Kimpembe and RB Leipzig’s Josko Gvardiol also mentioned as potential targets alongside Kounde. While club captain Cesar Azpilicueta could follow Rudiger and Christensen out of the door to Spain this summer.  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Barcelona are attempting to accelerate talks for the Spanish international. “Barcelona and Chelsea are in direct contact with new round of talks now scheduled to discuss about Cesar Azpilicueta,” Romano tweeted. “Barca want to speed up the negotiation. Azpi, waiting for club’s agreement as Barca contract proposal is into his hands since March: deal until 2024.” One player with Premier League experience that has joined Chelsea this window is Raheem Sterling, who sealed a £47.5million deal from Manchester City and the England star has even been tipped to replace Azpilicueta as club captain. “I think Raheem Sterling should go in at Chelsea and become the captain,” Trevor Sinclair told talkSPORT. “If you look at it, he’s vice-captain of England and the only person who you can say has more experience than him is Thiago Silva and he’s getting on. You can’t build your team around someone who might be leaving at the end of the season.”