 Although she’s largely left the public limelight to teach acting at the American San Bernardino Valley College, she has been spotted looking healthy as ever in recent years. Back in 2020, she was seen at the Monte Carlo TV festival in a glistening outfit that matched her radiant appearance. Over the years, she has been open about the activities that have helped her stay in tip top health.  Wagner first started building the perfect health regime back when she was 19 and recovering from a severe case of stomach ulcers. At the time, she was given guidance by two American doctors who directed her towards the path of good health. She recently told Closer Weekly: “People helped me avoid surgery by teaching me how meditation, prayer, and diet can affect the body.” READ MORE: 'Set it apart': Top three most revealing signs of Covid reported in UK as cases rocket In the past, she even led a retreat to teach her life’s findings about health and wellbeing. Things like breathwork, meditation, and feeling a sense of gratitude, are central to her health regime. She claims they can help with “regaining balance”. Talking with the Daily Mail back in 2012, she said her retreats look at “different ways to approach getting back to your center and start to change your body chemistry”. “Our breath gets shallow and ineffective when we are in a stressed state,” she said. “I advocate stopping whatever you’re doing for a couple of minutes five times a day, closing your eyes and taking deep breaths.” DON'T MISSProstate cancer: 10 symptoms of a growing tumour [ADVICE]Dementia: The type of fish linked to brain decline [INSIGHT]|Erectile dysfunction: The surprising activity that puts you at risk [TIPS]  Scientific research has supported her suggestions. Breathing is known to activate the body's relaxation response and counteract the body's response to stress. Stress induced inflammation has been linked in the past with depression, anxiety, Alzheimer’s disease, and insomnia. Some studies have even connected it to conditions such as angina, high blood pressure and stroke.  Wagner also emphasised the importance of spending time to think about what is good in your life. “Several times a day, remember to think about something for which you are grateful. It can be anything small or large,” she said. “Let the feeling of gratitude build in your heart. The practice of gratitude keeps you open to the flow of creative energy that manifests things to be grateful for.” Spending just a few minutes a day doing a ‘gratitude practice' can help reduce inflammation and provide other benefits, according to Stanford University’s Doctor Huberman, citing UCLA research.  Recent research by the college found feelings of gratitude are linked to physical changes in the brain which lead to a reduced inflammation response. On Doctor Huberman’s podcast, he recommended simply memorising a moment when you gave or received gratitude for one to five minutes, once a day. Doctor Huberman said: "The anti-inflammatory mechanisms that gratitude can invoke are equally on par with... things like HIIT... and other... potent forms of self intervention."