Kate Garraway, 55, has become a full-time carer for husband Derek as he’s struggled with ongoing health problems since first contracting Covid in 2020. The virus resulted in Derek being put into a medically induced coma and his severely damaged organs require him to have constant care. Kate has missed hosting Good Morning Britain to be by Derek's side as he's returned to hospital and her co-stars shared their hope he will return home soon. Derek was reported to have been taken to hospital on Tuesday morning in a "very serious condition". Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins sent their well wishes to their co-star as she missed another show. Ben said: “We are missing a member of the team, aren’t we?" We are yes," Charlotte replied.   “So Kate’s not here. She’s taking some time out to be with Derek at the moment so we’re sending her lots of love. “Lots of you have been in touch with messages of support, so we wish him well.” Ben added: “Thank you for those messages, we’ll definitely pass them on. “You know how much Kate appreciates all the support that she gets and fingers crossed Derek will be home as soon as possible.”   It’s unclear when the host will make a return to the show, however, a spokesperson said Kate is hoping to get back to her usual presenting duties “as soon as possible". The family are very worried about him but Derek is in the best hands “Kate is by his side and is keeping it together as best she can. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway to return to GMB ‘as soon as possible’ as Derek hospital [LATEST]Kate Garraway pulls out of GMB as husband Derek takes 'turn for worse' [UPDATE]Kate Garraway's agony as Derek forced to miss family milestone [INSIGHT] They added to The Sun: “This is an incredibly difficult time for her and their family.” Although Derek woke from his coma in July 2020, the virus has left him with serious side effects including clots in his lungs, holes in his heart as well as diabetic. Doctors have warned Kate he may never fully recover from the damage that has been done to his body. Since leaving the hospital, he’s been at home receiving intensive care around the clock which Kate has documented in two ITV documentaries.  Candidly opening up, the GMB host revealed she has to wash his bedding up to several times a day to avoid him getting pressure sores. Kate explained: "I'm very protective of people seeing him vulnerable but this is the reality of life for people that are caring. “The person he is now, in many ways, is a stranger." Kate admitted the biggest challenge is the emotional impact of having to adjust to a new way of life. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.  