After two years of travel restrictions due to the Covid pandemic, 2022 has proved to be a busy year for royal travel. After a string of Platinum Jubilee tours and official city visits, it has been announced Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will also be making the journey across the Pond later this year to present the Earthshot Prize, one of the Royal Foundation's flagship initiatives.  Prince William announced via the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official Kensington Royal Twitter account that the second edition of the Earthshot Prize Awards will be taking place in the US this year. So far, few details of the Cambridges' schedule in the US have been released, but Boston in Massachusetts has been selected to host the prestigious event. The royal account tweeted: "The @earthshotprize is back and this year, we're heading to Boston!  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'know time in limelight is limited' "Five more winners. Game-changing solutions. More potential to save our planet. "Boston, we'll see you in December #EarthshotBoston2022". The environmental initiative, which awards £1million grants to projects helping to combat the climate crisis, saw its first awards held last year in London. Projects which received the first round of funding focused on issues such as restoring coral reefs, redistributing unwanted food to the disadvantaged and battling the issues contributing to air pollution in India.   Alongside the City of Boston, The John F Kennedy Library Foundation will be host partners of the Earthshot Prize ceremony this year. The Earthshot Prize was inspired by the Moonshot project championed by the US president John F Kennedy. Michelle Wu, mayor of Boston, said: "In Boston, we're not just aiming to improve Boston's ability to tackle climate change -we're setting an example for how imaginative, community-driven climate leadership can reshape what's possible. "We are honoured and excited that Boston has been selected to host the 2022 Earthshot Awards."  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE]Princess Mary of Denmark imitates Kate Middleton with necklace [PICTURES]William and Kate to snub Sussexes during US trip [INSIGHT] Several working members of the Royal Family embarked on overseas trips earlier this year to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Kate and William toured Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, and the charter jet and the scheduled flights staff took for a planning trip cost the Sovereign Grant a staggering £226,383. The Cambridge's Platinum Jubilee tour emerged as the most expensive royal trip in terms of travel costs for the 2021/2022 financial year when the latest royal financial reports were released in June 2022.  Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall visited Ireland in March followed by Canada in May. The couple also made a brief visit to Rwanda to represent the Queen, who no longer travels abroad, at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in June. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex visited Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & the Grenadines, and Antigua & Barbuda in April for their Jubilee tour. The Queen's only daughter Princess Anne also visited Australia and Papua New Guinea, accompanied by her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. 