You will admit to not having had the time to keep your place as tidy as you would prefer it to be but you aren’t the only one. Others who share your home should also be held accountable for their actions. One way of taking control of your surroundings will be to get rid of the clutter that has been piling up recently. Nobody will argue if you decide to take up a job offer that allows you to take another step up the career ladder. You deserve this promotion. This is your chance to work alongside people whose work you admire and respect. The salary will be impressive too. Decisions need to be made to find balance in your life again. You are faced with having to make an important choice. Before you decide on what you need to do, you should consider your situation from all angles. This will help you gain more clarity.  Don’t feel as if you have to explain a need to indulge a craving for something different. Head off to a quiet place where you can do what you want and when without having to ask permission, explain yourself or defend your tastes to others around you who may not understand. Start thinking about what you are going in the future and, more importantly, your long-term plans. New ideas are coming to your mind, but you must be prepared to wait until the time is right to act on them. Social arrangements made for this evening will be postponed. Taking over a project that needs precise and detailed workmanship will prove to those in high places exactly what you are capable of. If something needs to be done to a higher standard than usual, you might realise that this is something you are going to have to do yourself.  If not handled properly, the consequences of a situation that is taking place now will only grow worse. Encourage others to abide by rules and to respect health and safety measures put in place. All it takes is a little thought to avoid the worst-case scenario. A younger member of your family is going through a difficult time. This reminds you of hardship you have experienced in the past and you don’t want them to have to suffer deprivation. If you are able to help provide them with a secure foundation, you will be making this a priority. It may mean taking a risk, but a big decision could cause doors that were previously closed to you to open. Whether it is going on an audition, applying for a job in a new field or putting your house up for sale, this is something you might feel you need to do. Use your positive attitude to change your luck.  A partner or relative who encourages you to use your initiative also knows how to bring out the best in you. Taking an imaginative and experimental approach towards a home renovation project will feel incredibly rewarding. If you aren’t certain about tackling some jobs alone, a skilled neighbour will volunteer to help you. You’re working to a tight deadline. You want to get everything right, but the clock is ticking and you can only do your best. People will understand that a project you turn in has a few flaws but in the circumstances, this cannot be avoided. You’re starting to see good results from a creative project you have been slowly developing. Now that it is taking shape you will want to spend more time on this hobby. If you play your cards right, you could earn money from these talents in the future. 