With the prices of petrol and diesel remaining high, many drivers will be attempting to save some money. With that in mind, an expert has told Express.co.uk about several fuel-saving tips that drivers might not consider. These include things such as using cruise control or having the shopping delivered instead of driving to the supermarket. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, said: “Use cruise control on long trips, such as on the way to your staycation. “Drivers should think of their accelerator pedal as a tap to their fuel and with every push you lose fuel. “By using cruise control you are able to stay at a consistent speed without the need to keep your foot on the pedal. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule “Check your routes before leaving the house. Idling in traffic will not only be frustrating and cause excess fuel consumption, but it will also cause your engine to get hot too!” The expert continued: “Look for a route with less traffic or without roadworks, and turn on live route updates, this means your sat nav will automatically update your route to the one with the least traffic without you having to check if there have been any incidents since you set off! “Something many don’t consider is opting for a shopping delivery rather than going yourself, obviously this stops you having to drive to the shop so will use less fuel and for many the journey to a supermarket is short, meaning there will be a high amount of starting and stopping. “And lastly, remove all excess weight from the car, if you don’t regularly use a child’s car seat in your car during the week, remove it. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving [INSIGHT] Drivers could face £2,500 fine for failing to check important function [REVEAL] Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [WARNING] “Roof racks not in use should be removed and any excess luggage too.” Ms Potter added that the rising fuel prices are putting a strain on people’s personal finances. However, she said that there are steps motorists can take to ease that strain. One of those is using car sharing apps. READ MORE: How to get the most out of air con during heatwave The expert said: “Although this increases the weight in the car and the fuel consumption, if you can carpool with other people and then take it in turns it will share the fuel cost amongst a group instead of several individuals.” Ms Potter also pointed out that drivers should change their driving style. She said: “Rapid increases in speed and general driving erratically burn a lot more fuel and bring your MPG down significantly. “Stick to the speed limit, drive in the correct gears, avoid sharp braking and so on. “Driving at 80mph on the motorway rather than 70, is not only illegal but will cause you to burn about 25 percent more fuel because of the car’s wind resistance. “Making small changes to your driving habits will allow you to see a cut in fuel consumption long term, if not immediately. “Avoid taking small trips or find another mode of transport. “If you are someone that nips to the shops two minutes down the road, consider either grouping shorter trips together or walking instead.”