Royal author Tom Bower said the Duchess of Sussex, who was an actress in US drama Suits, was only a “third rate actress” before she met and married her husband Prince Harry.  Speaking ahead of the release of his new biography ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors’, Mr Bower said Meghan achieved her “ambition” of becoming famous by marrying the Duke.  He said: “She said to her father ‘I want to be famous, I want to walk down the red carpet" and marrying Harry she achieved exactly that ambition.’” During an interview with Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins on Good Morning Britain, Mr Bower said: “It's wrong to say she was a famous actress, she wasn't, she was a third rate actress, Suits was only watched by a million people.” Mr Shephard said to Mr Bower of Meghan: “She was a very famous actress. “She had a high profile in Hollywood and Suits is a series that was streamed all over the world, so people knew who she was.” But Mr Bower hit back saying: “Well we won't argue but I disagree with you. “The point is, until she met Harry, even Graydon Carter the editor of Vanity Fair who commissioned the article never heard of her and never heard of Suits. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry and the Royal Family: Where did it all go wrong? “He was just told that anyone who marries Harry is going to be famous and she indeed was.” But host Mr Shephard insisted: “She was famous in her own right and ambitious like lots of people are and had a strong view on how she wants to be seen. “She’s just trying to control her brand, control who she is, she’s not the first well-known person to do that is she?”  DON'T MISS Meghan 'DID' make Kate cry during bridesmaids dress row [CLAIM]Queen looks glum as she leaves Windsor Castle for Scotland [PICTURES]Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’? [POLL] During the same interview, Mr Bower revealed there was a lot of excitement about having a mixed-race woman join the Royal Family with many seeing it as a great development. However, he said it quickly went wrong because Meghan did not understand the hierarchy of the family. He said: “She didn't understand she couldn’t be number one, there’s only one number in the monarchy and she didn’t understand hierarchy.  “She thought the monarchy was like Hollywood, all about celebrities and in fact, it’s about hard work with little reward and she didn’t like that.” Mr Bower also discussed getting factual stories about Meghan for his new book and explained that 80 people had given him personal stories about time spent with the Duchess. Mr Bower went on to discuss spending two days in Mexico meeting Meghan’s father Thomas Markle in order to find out more about her parents' relationship. The royal author described the Duchess as "intelligent, determined and ruthless."  He added: “I went to Mexico for two days, and it was fascinating, I know of people in Hollywood who just speak, and told very interesting stories about suits for example. How she became Rachel Zane, and Rachel Zane became her, and in Toronto how she built up her profile, that was pretty impressive. "But, overall I came across with the impression of a woman who was very intelligent, very determined, very ambitious... But also ruthless. And in the end in her terms successful..."