Prime Day 2022 is almost here, with the exclusive sale for Amazon Prime subscribers taking place next week. This year the Prime Day sales will be taking place on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13, and if you're not already a Prime member you can sign up for a 30-day free trial by clicking here to get access to the big discounts that will be available. For anyone looking for a bargain right now, you thankfully won't have to wait till next week to grab a discount as Amazon is running some great deals on Kindle Unlimited, Music Unlimited, Audible and the Echo Dot smart speakers ahead of Prime Day 2022. If you want to find details on the best deals available in the run-up to Prime Day 2022 then here's what you need to know... If you've been thinking of adding an Alexa-powered Echo speaker to your home for a while then Amazon has the deal for you. Right now Amazon is giving away six months' worth of its Music Unlimited service entirely for free when you pick up a third-gen or fourth-gen Echo Dot smart speaker. The Echo Dot third-gen speaker with six months Kindle Unlimited is priced at £34.99 while the Echo Dot fourth-gen with six months Kindle Unlimited is £39.99. In fact, this deal for the Echo Dot fourth-gen also offers a price cut on the gadget's typical RRP. The fourth-gen Echo Dot on its own usually costs £49.99. With Music Unlimited, you'll get access to a library of over 90million songs, curated playlists, podcasts and more. Plus, unlike Spotify, the entire Music Unlimited library is available in lossless (aka CD quality) audio, while over seven million songs can be streamed in even better quality. This deal runs out on July 14. Book lovers on the lookout for something new to read should check out a great deal running on the Kindle Unlimited service. Kindle Unlimited offers access to a library of over a million ebooks, as well as audiobooks and magazine subscriptions. The service is priced at £7.99 a month and for a limited time only, Prime subscribers can get three months of access entirely for free. If this is a service you like the sound of, but don't have a Kindle, then fret not. Kindle ebooks can be read on a variety of devices, such as on smartphones, tablets and laptops via the Kindle app. You can also of course read Kindle ebooks on Amazon's Kindle devices and Fire tablet range. This deal, like the Echo Dot deal, also runs out on July 14. Alternatively, if you're more into audiobooks then Amazon is also offering three months of access to its Audible service entirely for free. Once again, like with Kindle Unlimited, this service usually costs £7.99 and you can listen to Audible audiobooks via a range of devices including your smartphone, tablet and Alexa-powered Echo smart speaker. With Audible you'll be able to download and keep an audiobook of your choosing each month, plus you'll get unlimited access to thousands of Audible Originals, podcasts and audiobooks. This deal is only available for Prime subscribers and runs out on July 14. Also, like with other deals in this article you need to be a new customer of said service - so you can't already be enjoying a free trial of Audible or already be a paid-for member to take advantage of this promotion. Ahead of Prime Day 2022 Amazon is also running a great deal on its Spotify rival, Music Unlimited. The service offers access to a library of over 90million songs, all in what Amazon calls HD (aka lossless audio) format. Music Unlimited costs £9.99 a month if you're not a Prime subscriber or £8.99 if you are. And right now Prime subscribers can get four months worth of access to the service for free, with non-Prime subscribers able to get three months access for free. Like with other deals mentioned in this article, the offer runs out on July 14 - so time is running out to grab the promotion.