Fern Britton, 64, has reflected on the new chapter she is facing following her shock split from Phil Vickery. The This Morning presenter and the TV chef separated in January 2020, after 20 years of marriage. Opening up on the breakup, Fern admitted her regret as she “wished I was the sort of person who could have persevered” following the pair’s decision to part ways. However, the TV star stressed that the timing was right, as she prepares to step into a new stage of her life. During a recent interview, Fern said: “This new chapter has come at the right time for me. “I don’t want to be the poster girl for separation, though, because a lot of people go through the same thing. READ MORE: 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband “Often, the children leave home and you look at each other and go, ‘Ah, where do we go from here?’ “I only wish I was the sort of person who could have persevered through that, but I couldn’t,” Fern added to Prima magazine of the reason behind their split. Fern and Phil first met while hosting Ready Steady Cook together in 1999. The pair then tied the knot the following year before welcoming their daughter Winnie in 2001 They later became co-stars on This Morning, which Fern hosted for a decade from 1999. Phil made his debut as the show’s resident chef back in 2006. Fern has been outspoken on the breakdown of her marriage, having previously addressed the “rebound” period she went through after a long relationship. The former Breakfast Time star also highlighted the beginning of her “new chapter” as she analysed the different stages of a breakup. DONT MISS:'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [UPDATE]Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [INSIGHT]Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display [LATEST] Fern explained "People say they bounce back from a long relationship, but it takes a while. "The rebound is difficult. You chuck the pebble in the pond but the ripples go on for a very long time. “It's been a long time getting to the dawn but I'm in another brand-new chapter and do feel it will be all right." Discussing being in her 60s, Fern previously explained to Woman & Home that she had progressively become more blasé over time. She said: "When you get to 40, you think, 'I'm not going to take any more s*** from anybody.' “When you get to 50, you start saying 'F*** off!' to everybody. “When you're 60, you think, 'Do you know what? I can't be a**ed. I'm allowed to say it." The August issue of Prima is on sale from 14th July.