Manchester United will not even entertain negotiations with Bayern Munich, Napoli or Atletico Madrid for wantaway forward Cristiano Ronaldo, it has been claimed. The three European giants have all been credited with an interest in the Portugal captain but the Red Devils are determined to hold onto their legendary No 7. Ronaldo has missed all of United’s pre-season so far after asking to leave the club at the beginning of the month if they received a suitable offer for his services. He remained in Portugal while his team-mates embarked on a tour of Thailand and Australia citing family reasons. He has now flown back to Manchester and is set to enter talks with the Old Trafford hierarchy about his immediate future. Erik ten Hag and CEO Richard Arnold are set to be present as the parties look to find a way forward. It will be the first time that Ronaldo has actually met his new boss, having not been in the north-west since the Dutchman took charge. It is unclear when exactly he will return to first-team training but it is unlikely that he will be allowed to leave as the 20-time Premier League winners still see him as a crucial part of the team next season. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative As a result the Daily Star have reported that the club will not entertain bids for the 37-year-old from Napoli, Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid. The club will not even enter discussions with potential suitors as they try to force the iconic forward to stay. United have not tried to pressure the 189-time capped international to return to Carrington in order to try and smooth him into staying in Manchester. However, their stance on negotiations is likely to bring the two parties into a direct standoff. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong One thing that is clear is that Ronaldo will not start the first match of the season against Brighton regardless of whether or not his transfer situation is sorted out. Ten Hag is likely to call on Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Jadon Sancho who have all enjoyed a strong pre-season. Ronaldo only rejoined United 11 months ago in a sensational transfer from Juventus. He scored 24 goals in all competitions for the Red Devils but some pundits have argued that he made the team worse by causing the side to become imbalanced. However, the Old Trafford faithful will still be reluctant to lose a club legend given the goals he guarantees. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it