Chelsea are ‘considering’ submitting a bid for Wolves winger Adama Traore, who is out of contract in 2023 and not willing to pen a new deal at Molineux. The Blues missed out on Raphinha to Barcelona this summer, and Traore may be seen as an affordable alternative, especially due to his versatility. Thomas Tuchel has not enjoyed the kind of transfer window that he would have been hoping for before this summer. The arrival of new owner Todd Boehly, matched with comments about the desire to improve his squad, indicated that the manager was expecting a fairly significant shakeup. However, he has only welcomed Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly into his squad – though both are proven at the very top level. Chelsea are expected to sign several more players before the window slams shut. According to Norwegian media outlet Amta, Chelsea are weighing up a move for Traore and Tuchel is believed to be a ‘huge fan’ of the 26-year-old. It is also cited that the former Middlesbrough star is considered as a right-wing back option, a role that he has featured in scarcely at Wolves. JUST IN: Leeds face two significant hurdles to secure transfer for Charles De Ketelaere alternative Tottenham were fond of Traore previously and attempted to sign him in January before he joined Barcelona on a loan-to-buy deal – with the clause to make the deal permanent not being activated by the La Liga outfit. Though Spurs no longer seem to be in the race for the pacey winger having signed Djed Spence from Middlesbrough to fill that role. Chelsea could need a right-sided defender soon, with captain Cesar Azpilicueta heavily linked with a move to Barcelona. Reece James has been first-choice right wing-back under Tuchel, but he has been deployed on the right side of a back three recently which could open up a vacancy for Traore. READ MOREChelsea have new 'top target' after RB Leipzig reject swap deal bidMan Utd 'open' to another new signing as well as De Jong and a strikerLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has hinted he will rethink transfer plans James’ versatility to be able to play in central defence does not mean that Chelsea won't be pursuing other defenders this summer, though, following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. Jules Kounde, Nathan Ake and Matthijs de Ligt have all been linked with moves to Stamford Bridge, but deals were not reached with any of the trio. The arrival of Koulibaly from Napoli somewhat softens the blow of those failed dealings, and the Senegal international has already been praised by his manager. Speaking after Chelsea’s 3-1 victory over Udinese in pre-season, Tuchel said: “He (Koulibaly) is a very, very good signing. A strong personality, a strong player. I am happy that he could play 70 minutes now. He’s getting fitter and fitter which is very important for us for the start of the season."