Covid is back in a big way in the UK, soaring to levels not previously seen. According to the latest data from the ZOE Health Study, which has been collecting data on the general population throughout the pandemic, one in 15 are now struck down with Covid in the UK. The caseload is not the only unprecedented development. The symptom profile has also undergone a new change, according to Professor Tim Spector, ZOE Scientific Co-Founder and lead scientist on the ZOE Health Study. Speaking on the latest data in his YouTube video, Professor Spector revealed experiencing cold-like symptoms means you're "twice as likely" to have Covid than any other type of virus. According to the professor, "we haven't seen this ever before". In light of this development, it's important to realise that if you have cold-like symptoms it's probably Covid, the prof said. "Try and get tested if you can. If you can't get tested, assume you've got a cold and stay away from other people until you feel better." READ MORE: Autumn Covid booster jabs for over-50s as cases surge The most common cold-like symptoms reported are: Last week, the ZOE COVID Study logged 349,773 new daily symptomatic cases of Covid in the UK. On average, one in 15 people in the UK currently have symptomatic Covid. Commenting on the latest data, Professor said: “Covid is still rampant in the population. ZOE Health Study data shows that there were over 350,000 daily Covid cases this week- a new record for the UK. DON'T MISSDiabetes: The popular fruit that can 'worsen' diabetes [TIPS]Covid symptoms: The 'top' warning sign now reported [ADVICE]Cancer: Vitamin deficiency common in cancer partients [INSIGHT] "So much so, that if you have any cold-like symptoms at the moment it’s nearly twice as likely to be Covid as a cold. "Even if people have had a past infection and are fully vaccinated, people are still catching it. This is because there are multiple Covid variants coexisting at the same time (BA.2, BA.4 and BA.5)." According to the professor, Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 are evading the immune defences much more effectively than previous variants. In addition to evading the immune defences, these strains are also "dampening them down" so you don't get that inflammation at first to stop it. Meanwhile, the heatwave currently cooking the UK is compounding existing pressures on the healthcare service, the Health Secretary said on Monday. Steve Barclay said contingency measures have been put in place in the health system, but Labour called on ministers to "step up" and "show the urgency this crisis demands". Mr Barclay told the Commons: "Even before this heatwave, ambulance services in England have been under significant pressure from increased demand, just as they have across the United Kingdom. "The additional pressure on our healthcare system from Covid-19, especially on accident and emergency services, has increased the workload of ambulance trusts, increased the average length of hospital stays and contributed to a record number of calls. READ MORE: Caught Covid? You could be at a threefold greater risk of permanent decline - new study See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest "Taken together this has caused significant pressures which are now being compounded by this extreme heat." He also outlined efforts to increase bed capacity and improve ambulance handovers at hospitals, telling MPs: "On Friday the NHS medical director, Stephen Powis, and the chief nursing officer, Ruth May, wrote to chief execs of NHS trusts, ambulance trusts and integrated care boards setting out some of the urgent interventions we need to make. "Most significantly focused on improved ambulance handovers and increased hospital bed capacity. "On ambulance handovers, we're asking health leaders to look again at the balance of risks across the system. "We know that leaving vulnerable people in the community would have serious implications for patient safety. Equally, we know that keeping people in ambulances for too long carries other risks, especially from heat. "So, NHS leaders are therefore asking hospital trusts to create additional space for new patients in their units. "This may involve the creation of observation areas, or exploring ways to add additional beds elsewhere in hospitals, including adjusting staffing ratios where necessary just as we did during Covid."