All Creatures Great and Small follows the life of Scottish vet James Herriot during the 1930s as he moves to a small Yorkshire town. Channel 5 viewers were thrilled when James proposed to Helen Alderson (played by Rachel Shenton) in the last series but he assumed she would be happy to move into Skeldale House to start a family. James actor Nicholas has admitted his character may have not thought his living situation through.   In a classic episode of Masterpiece Studio's Stories with host Jace Lacob, Nicholas opened up about his character's romance with Helen. At the end of season two, Helen was not keen on leaving the family farm after James thought she would want to move into Skeldale House. The pair eventually decided to try and settle into Skeldale House, but it looked like it would take Helen a long time to adjust. Looking forward to the upcoming season of All Creatures Great and Small, which is due to land on screens this winter, Jace told Nicholas: "I do love the thought of James and Helen moving into his tiny bedroom at Skeldale House. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale "Siegfried [Farnon] does offer them a bedsit at the top of the house - I loved James' line." Jace played the line he was referring to for listeners where James said: "I really am sorry, I shouldn't have assumed. "Is it because we are going to be living here after we marry? "I mean, I know we should have spoken about it but I need to be at Skeldale House to do my job.  "I'm on call at nights and there isn't even a telephone at Hastings Range, I can't very well sleep in the phonebox at the end of your lane." Following the clip, Jace asked if James and Helen should have discussed their living situation beforehand. Nicholas replied: "Yes, probably, I think it's an oversight from James. "I think, as well, there is a lot going on for all the characters, there always is, but it's one of those things James hasn't given very much thought to." DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on Helen's new chapter [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton 'dragging' co-star [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small star shares hopes for James and Helen [INTERVIEW]  The actor said there is naivety to his character who feels as long as he is with Helen, everything will be all right. "That doesn't matter where they are staying or where they are at," Nicholas added. "They naively think, 'As long as we are together we will be all right.' "And that is the case, but at the same time they ought to know where they are going to live - it's quite a useful thing to talk about."    Helen actress Rachel recently opened up about her character moving in with James. 