Visiting a town near Birmingham, Homes Under the Hammer presenter Martel Maxwell visited a four-bedroom semi-detached home. It was located four miles away from the city centre, and just seven miles away from the airport. Martel said: “The house came with a guide price of £99,000. “I do like to see, as soon as I come into a house, you’ve got two doors and a little vestibule area, through to your hall, and you can see the place is incredibly dated already. “You have your textured plaster work, really thick here in parts.” Viewers then also got to see the sitting room which had patterned carpet and dated wallpaper. There was also damp and mould spots near the windows. However, Martel said it was a decent size. To the rear of the property was another reception room which opened up onto a patio area. READ MORE: ‘Old-fashioned’ bar of soap hack for cleaning your house Martel added: “At the end of the hallway, you have a little toilet. “I love to see a downstairs toilet, it’s super handy.” The kitchen was also covered in pine, which Martel said was all the rage in the 80s. Upstairs there was four bedrooms which ranged in sizes along with a shower room. So who purchased the home when it went to auction? The lucky buyer was Zack, who purchased the home for a huge £202,000. DON'T MISS:Lawn: ‘Quick’ and ‘easy’ jobs you ‘need’ to do now [INSIGHT]How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share best way to clean bathroom tile grout - ‘so easy’ [EXPLAINER] He said: “I saw a lot of properties in this area… I think this one is a good long-term investment.” Zack, along with his dad, planned to fit a brand new bathroom and kitchen. He said the rest of the home needed a “general refresh”. New electrics and a new boiler were also within the plans. With a budget of up to £15,000, Zack said he will be getting in contractors for the work. This included his £5,000 contingency. READ MORE: Home improvements which won’t add value to your property - ‘avoid’ Homes Under the Hammer revisited the property once the renovation work had been completed. A brand new kitchen had been installed with white cupboards and a grey worktop. Pipework had been hidden and a new boiler had been fitted. The new kitchen was sleek and modern. The bathroom had been totally revamped, and Zack had managed to squeeze in a bath. The bedrooms and living rooms had new carpets and a lick of paint. Martin Roberts said: “Zack has turned what was a dated and unappealing house into an attractive and modern family home.” Not all property projects run smoothly and Zack’s team came across a damp problem in the bathroom. He said the toilet had been leaking which was running down into the kitchen. Zack solved this problem by using a dehumidifier which sucked out all of the moisture. However, the homeowner did end up going over his budget, spending a total of £18,000. He added that although he went over budget, the transformation was “straightforward”. Local property experts visited the property to see how much it was worth after the transformation. One estate agent said: “The renovation work is done to a very high standard. “I’d put the property on the market between £255,000 and £265,000.” The other expert said: “If I was to put this on the sales market, I would put it on between £225,000 and £265,000.” If taking the higher valuation into account, this means Zack has managed to increase the property’s value by a whopping £63,000. However, Zack plans to keep the property in his growing portfolio.