The UFC returns to London for a second time in the space of four months after an incredible March card. In action are British stars Paddy Pimblett and Tom Aspinall who are both keen to impress in front of a home crowd. Traditionally, the UFC only comes to London once a year but thanks to the successes of the last event, the MMA giants are back in the United Kingdom’s capital for another blockbuster night of fights. Last time out, British fighters impressed in front of a sold-out O2 Arena, with Tom Aspinall headlining the card against Alexander Volkov. The British heavyweight submitted his Russian adversary in the first round of their contest and now finds himself at the top of the card once again. Aspinall will be squaring off against No 4 ranked Curtis Blaydes in a fight with massive implications. Should Aspinall defeat Blaydes then he could find himself next in line to challenge Francis Ngannou for the UFC heavyweight title. Another man who impressed on that night was Paddy Pimblett who faces American Jordan Leavitt this weekend. The proud Liverpudlian has been actively campaigning for a card at Anfield in recent months and claims that this will be his last outing in the UK until that request is granted. Date and venue UFC London takes place on Saturday 23 July at the O2 Arena, London. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The card will air live on BT Sport in the UK. The broadcaster’s app and website can be streamed on all good internet-connected devices including Smart TVs, mobile phones, and tablets. In the United States, the action will be broadcasted by ESPN+ and the UFC’s Fight Pass. The prelims will begin at 5 pm BST, with the main card following at 8 pm. Ring walks for the main event are expected to take place at approximately 10 pm. MORE UFC NEWS... Paddy Pimblett makes enormous demand and issues threat to Dana White McGregor told next UFC fight after Diaz lifted lid on White's plan Pimblett warned of looking like 'an idiot' and told he's no McGregor Full card Curtis Blaydes vs Tom Aspinall (heavyweight) Jack Hermansson vs Chris Curtis (middleweight) Paddy Pimblett vs Jordan Leavitt (lightweight) Nikita Krylov vs Alexander Gustafsson (light heavyweight) Molly McCann vs Hannah Goldy (women’s flyweight) Paul Craig vs Volkan Oezdemir (light heavyweight) Prelims L’udovit Klein vs Mason Jones (lightweight) Marc Diakiese vs Damir Hadzovic (lightweight) Nathaniel Wood vs Charles Rosa (bantamweight) Makwan Amirkhani vs Jonathan Pearce (featherweight) Muhammad Mokaev vs Charles Johnson (flyweight) Jai Herbert vs Kyle Nelson (lightweight) Mandy Bohm vs Victoria Leonardo (women’s flyweight) Claudio Silva vs Nicolas Dalby (welterweight) *Running order subject to change Odds Aspinall – 4/6; Blaydes – 11/10 Pimblett – 4/11; Leavitt – 15/8 * Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication