Penny Mordaunt won the backing of 83 Conservative MPs on Thursday, just behind the frontrunner in the Tory leadership race, Rishi Sunak, who got 101 votes. Ms Mordaunt is a favourite to succeed outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson after he resigned last week. She has drawn in Tories with her promises of returning the party to its core policies of “low tax, small state, personal responsibility”. As the MP for Portsmouth North sets out her vision for Britain, details of her colourful past have resurfaced. Ms Mordaunt wrote: “Presenter Orla Guerin is a sort of animated Edvard Munch painting. “Available settings include ‘Harrowing’ or ‘Off’. Does every BBC News at Ten presenter have a default setting of miserable? “More people prefer to watch The Repair Shop than the news. It’s hardly surprising.” The comments form part of Ms Mordaunt’s book on post-Brexit Britain, co-written with Chris Lewis. The two writers make their case for the wealth of opportunity that awaits the UK outside the EU. The pair discuss British culture and institutions such as the BBC, taking a nostalgic look at what makes Britain great. The BBC is referenced extensively, and in one section the authors refer to alleged anti-Brexit bias at the corporation. Discussing the UK’s four nations, they write: “If you’re sat there reading this and you’re angry, then you’re not alone. “Unionists are angry about nationalists who are angry about Westminster which is angry about ‘woke’ Remainers. “Who are angry at Brexiteers who are angry about the BBC which is angry about the Government. DON'T MISS: 'Don't come up with ideas!' QT audience member slams Starmer's Labour over Tory-bashing [LATEST]Penny Mordaunt’s views on ‘s**t-faced’ British public on drunken nights out uncovered [INSIGHT]'Severe recession' in Europe is now a 'near certainty' as Russian gas links bite [ANALYSIS] “Which is angry about the public not giving them credit because Covid has taken away their civil liberties and made them angrier by forcing them to watch the telly which is full of angry people who are angry about absolutely everything especially unionists who are angry. “It’s an Escher diagram of the endlessly dyspeptic. Academics have taken to studying it.” Ms Mordaunt has also hit out at the publicly funded broadcaster more recently. Writing in the Daily Express last month, The Tory leadership hopeful said: “It should be okay for us to love our country. “The BBC of all organisations should know this. It says it is one of the most loved organisations in the country, yet it often fails to show reciprocity.” ‘Greater: Britain After the Storm’ was written by Penny Mordaunt and Chris Lewis and published by Biteback Publishing in 2021. It is available here.