It's not uncommon for fans to clamber for an up-close look at Tiger Woods when he's in full swing. However, one spectator at this past weekend's JP McManus Pro-Am wouldn't have expected the 15-time major-winner would be standing in as her physician. A slew of celebrities were on hand for the annual, 36-hole event at Adare Manor in Limerick, Ireland. Woods was guaranteed to attract attention even if he hadn't played medic, with the golf world waiting to see if he lines up at next week's Open Championship as planned. Part of the Pro-Am's appeal is that influx of non-professional players, and British entrepreneur Peter Jones had the pleasure of teaming up alongside Woods on this occasion. One tee shot in particular won't have impressed his pro peer, however, after Jones—the only surviving member of the original Dragon's Den cast—struck a woman with his opening drive. Woods was quick to act and put his profile to one side in order to check the audience member was okay. Onlookers were content to see the woman in question laughing soon after being hit, though it certainly wouldn't hurt to see Woods smiling down at you. READ MORE ‘Sour 16’ LIV Golf defectors look to engineer coup against DP World Tour chief  To make matters worse, the incident occurred on the first hole of the day and would have likely affected the fan's viewing for the remainder. Woods shot five over par on the first day of competition in Ireland, following up with a slightly improved two-over in the second round. The Pro-Am was Woods' first competitive outing since he retired from the PGA Championship in May just prior to the fourth and final round. Billionaire McManus started the competition in 1990 as a means of raising money for charities and other organisations, as well as the local community. DON'T MISS Justin Thomas prepares for the British Open by drinking Guinness mid-round in Ireland Paul Casey’s awkward words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi rebel league Golf starlet Will Zalatoris makes stinging rejection of Saudi-backed LIV ahead of the Open    "This is one of the ways in which we pay tribute to JP and what he has done," said Woods of the tournament sponsor. "I know he hates the limelight, hates getting in front of cameras and all that but we'll go ahead and do that for him and make sure that everyone understands how important he is as an individual to our sport." Other star names in attendance at Adare Manor this past weekend included actor Bill Murray, singer Niall Horan and ex-England defender John Terry. Regardless of their fortunes, however, it's unlikely any of those A-listers had a round quite as eventful as Jones.