Carlos Alcaraz told the Court 1 crowd that he wants to start a "great rivalry" with Jannik Sinner after winning his third-round match to set up a clash with the man he says is one of his "friends off court". The fifth seed produced a statement performance to down world No 38 Oscar Otte 6-3 6-1 6-2 in 98 minutes and will now face a fellow young star in the Italian on Sunday in what could be the next big rivalry in tennis after Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal. Carlos Alcaraz booked his spot in the second week of Wimbledon with a three-set win over Otte on Friday evening, to set up a clash with 10th seed Sinner. The Spanish teenager shared his excitement for the match as he shared his friendship with the Italian and admitted he wanted to start a "great rivalry" at Wimbledon with his next match. "Well obviously everybody knows the level of Jannik Sinner," the fifth seed said ahead of the clash. "Great player. He plays very well here on grass as well. He plays great, very aggressive." And the 19-year-old Spaniard admitted that he and the 20-year-old had an off-court friendship, sharing his hopes to turn it into an all-time rivalry on the grass at the All England Club. Alcaraz continued: "We are friends off the court so I would say on the grass we are gonna have a great rivalry in so many years." JUST IN: Novak Djokovic will find Rafa Nadal stat 'unacceptable'   Addressing the crown, the five-time title winner added: "I'm gonna enjoy this match playing against Jannik and of course I hope you're gonna enjoy the match too." After dropping just six games to his German opponent, the world No 7 said he thought he had played his best match on the surface in what is still just his third-ever grass-court event at tour level. "Probably was the best match on grass that I played," he smiled, before explaining the difficulties of learning to play on the surface. He continued: "Well it's tough to play on grass. This surface on grass I couldn't play so much tournaments here but of course Wimbledon gives you a special energy." DON'T MISSKatie Boulter SNUBBED by Wimbledon officials with Brit not on CentreNick Kyrgios jokes over £15k fine after Bublik mimicks Wimbledon starWimbledon star outdoes Murray and Kyrgios with six underarm serves  Alcaraz also fired something of a warning to his friend as he admitted he was getting better on the surface with each match and would be a new player for his next round. "I’m trying to get better every match, every day, play better on grass so I will say in the fourth round I will be another player," he grinned.