With summer starting, Britons are preparing to spend more time enjoying their green spaces so it’s time to refine summer lawn care routines to keep grass in tip-top shape. Garden machinery specialist, Cobra, understands the importance of a vibrant and healthy lawn in summer and so has answered some common lawn care questions to help keep grass at its best this summer and beyond. The gardening experts firstly shared when and how often gardeners should water their lawns during summer. They said: “To encourage strong, vigorous growth, Cobra recommends watering lawns early in the morning when heat is at a minimum to reduce the amount of evaporation.” This allows water to penetrate deeper into the root. The experts added: “An infrequent yet heavy dose of water is also recommended as it’s one of the most effective ways of stimulating stronger grass growth - so give it a good dose every 10 days or so.” Water butts are also a great way to collect and reuse any rainwater, so that it can be saved to keep lawns hydrated and gardens watering. They are also handy to have in case the watering hose ban comes into force over the summer. READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass A lot of problems gardeners have is knowing when to mow the lawn. The lawn pros warned: “Mowing during hot periods can cause significant damage to lawns as the shorter blades of grass will be unable to shade the soil from the sun. “This will cause water to evaporate quickly and will leave lawns feeling dehydrated and stressed. “In ideal conditions though, it’s best to take a little and often approach, keeping grass at an inch tall.” Thankfully modern lawnmowers make this job simple by having an easy-to-use height of cut adjuster that lowers or raises the blades as required with the lift of a lever. DON'T MISS: Virtual viewings will add £16,000 to your property value  [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share 55p hack to unblock drains in 10 minutes [COMMENT]‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ [EXPERT] There are many ways to keep lawns gloriously green this summer that are simple but effective, according to the experts at Cobra. The suggested: “Applying lawn feed to top up the nutrients in the soil so that the grass can feed off it to stay looking vibrant for longer.” Reseeding lawns after heavy footwall will also help to recover dull patches and bring back its lush colour. Aerating lawns, which involves making small holes in the soil, will relieve compaction and boost the circulation of vital elements, such as air and water, to improve lawns overall health and reduce the risk of any diseases. It can be done manually, but it can also be done in a fraction of the time with a power machine. READ MORE: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children Once lawns are mowed, it can be difficult to know what to do with the cuttings. It may be tempting to collect up the grass clippings after mowing, but it can actually be very useful to leave it on the grass. The experts explained: “Sprinkling a light layer of cuttings onto your lawn after mowing acts as a mulch that locks in any moisture and nutrients, helping to grow thick, healthy grass. “Mulching mowers are a fantastic way to do this as they not only mow the lawn, but instead of collecting up the cuttings, automatically returns the cuttings back to the grass so that it can work its magic.” Lawns can quickly be infested by weeds, which make them look unsightly. But while there are a number of ways to remove unwanted growth from lawns, most of them are a quick fix. To avoid regrowth, it’s important that gardeners perfect their lawn care regime of mowing, scarifying and aerating to avoid this type of growth. The lawn experts said: “Dandelions thrive in thin lawns. They have deep roots so simply mowing them down won’t solve it. “Hand tools can help dig up the root but will leave a hole so patches will need resowing afterwards. “Mushrooms are caused by decomposing material like old cuttings and thatch so be sure to remove all debris and rake regularly to gather up anything that might create the perfect environment for mushrooms to grow in. “Weedkillers can kill weeds almost instantly but it will kill any surrounding grass, so extra care is needed when applying.”