 Thousands of drivers were impacted by “slow down” protests yesterday after campaigners called on the Government to intervene and help lower petrol and diesel prices. In total, 13 people were arrested on suspicion of public order offences, with police taking action against 12 near the Prince of Wales bridge and one man arrested in Devon.  Police forces said they would take action against protesters who had put fellow road users in danger or had committed other offences. This includes using mobile phones while driving, with some motorists leading the protest being captured filming their acts themselves. Police forces were given new powers to deal with protesters deemed to be causing serious disruption in the controversial Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act. They now have greater powers of dispersal and penalties for protesters have been increased. READ MORE: 'What a waste!' Fuel protests prompt fierce debate from angry drivers  Drivers who are found to be “wilfully obstructing the highway” used to be punishable by a maximum fine of £50. It now carries up to a six-month prison sentence and or an unlimited fine. It has been reported that Home Secretary Priti Patel has urged police to use new powers to shut down protesters. Petrol drivers face average costs of 191.53p per litre, while diesel drivers remain on tenterhooks as it edges closer to the dreaded £2 per litre mark. DON'T MISSMan behind fuel protest that would block motorways 'has no choice' [INSIGHT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [WARNING]UK hydrogen vehicle infrastructure to be unlocked with new funding [INVESTMENT]  Motorways in Bristol, Devon, Cornwall, south Wales, Essex, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire were among those affected. Long delays were also felt in Aberdeen after two tractors drove slowly side by side along the A92 northbound. Research from the RAC suggests that driving too slowly runs the same number of risks as breaking the speed limit. In the eyes of the law, driving too slowly or braking without good cause is an offence under the scope of inconsiderate and careless driving.  These are defined as driving a vehicle without reasonable consideration for other people. A car that is travelling dramatically below the speed limit becomes a hazard to other road users who may not have correctly assessed their speed. It is also classed as “unusual and unexpected driving behaviour” and can force harsh braking, increasing the risk of a pile-up. Motorists could be found to be driving without due care and attention, which has a maximum fine of £5,000.  The RAC adds: “Although there isn’t an official minimum speed limit on most motorways, travelling too slowly can be considered dangerous and you might attract the attention of the police. “In this case, you’d usually be let off with a verbal warning, but you could be prosecuted for careless driving.” There are some instances where a minimum speed limit is introduced, which is denoted by a blue circular sign with the minimum speed in large white lettering. Drivers must not go under that speed unless it is unsafe to maintain the speed, and are most commonly seen in tunnels.