Sir Ringo Starr may be 82-years-old, but he shows no sign of stopping. Alongside postponed tour dates, this September sees the release of his new EP, EP3, following Change The World and Zoom In. The Beatles drummer shared: “I am in my studio writing and recording every chance I get. It’s what I have always done and will continue to do, and releasing EPs more frequently allows me to continue to be creative and give each song a little more love.” Ringo’s four new tracks are called World Go Round, Everyone and Everything, Let's Be Friends and Free Your Soul (feat. Dave Koz and José Antonio Rodriguez). EP3 will be available digitally and on CD on September 16th, and on 10” vinyl and as a limited edition translucent royal blue cassette on November 18, 2022. A statement teased the new songs: “The upbeat rocker World Go Round written by Steve Lukather and Joseph Williams, continues to spread Ringo’s positive message of hope and togetherness. The track features Ringo on vocals, drums, and percussion, Steve Lukather on guitar, Joseph Williams on keyboards, with background vocals provided by Joseph Willams, Billy Valentine, Zelma Davis and Maiya Sykes. “Written by Linda Perry Everyone and Everything captures the classic Ringo Starr sound and features Ringo on vocals, drums and percussion along with Linda Perry on guitar and percussion. Billy Mohler lays down bass and guitar, Damon Fox provides melotron, piano and wurly, with all background vocals by Linda Perry, Billy Valentine, Zelma Davis and Maiya Sykes.” READ MORE: Ringo Starr shares Beatles' worst farter ‘It caused terrible trouble!’ It added: “Featuring an infectious dance groove Let’s Be Friends was written by Ringo’s longtime engineer Bruce Sugar along with Sam Hollander, with Ringo Starr handling vocal and drum duties, Nathan East on bass, Steve Lukather playing guitar, Bruce Sugar on keyboards, percussion and horn arrangement, handclaps and percussion by Sam Hollander, and Billy Valentine, Zelma Davis and Maiya Sykes on background vocals. “Written by Ringo Starr and Bruce Sugar, the soothing, rhythmic sound of Free Your Soul transports the listener to an island beach on a clear warm night under a full moon. With Ringo on vocals, drums and handclaps, the song also features Dave Koz on tenor sax and José Antonio Rodriguez on nylon guitar, Nathan East on bass, Bruce Sugar on keyboards, percussion and horn arrangement, and Billy Valentine, Zelma Davis and Maiya Sykes providing backing vocals.” DON'T MISSPaul McCartney's 80th celebrated by Ringo Starr and Beatles estates [PAUL]Paul McCartney U-turns on Beatles break-up: 'We could have kept going' [BEATLES BREAK UP]Beatles: Ringo Starr, 81, ‘getting younger, writes songs on the spot’ [EXCLUSIVE] In his Instagram announcement video, Ringo also shared a hilarious clip of himself jamming with a guitarist playing Deep Purple’s Smoke on the Water. The ever energetic 82-year-old was seen hand drumming on bongos hilariously to the iconic riff with great enthusiasm. To pre-order Sir Ringo Starr’s EP3, click here.