Rory Mcllroy is aiming to win The Open for the second time in his career after lifting the Claret Jug in 2014. The Northern Irish golfer has made America his home in recent years alongside wife Erica and daughter Poppy. After purchasing several properties in America, Rory moved into the golfing capital of the world, Jupiter. He bought a mansion worth £8.6million in The Bear’s Club, a golf development which was founded by Jack Nicklaus in 1999. It is 85 miles north of Miami. He moved into the home with Erica a few short months after their wedding in Ireland. The luxury home was previously owned by Ernie Els. READ MORE: Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences The stunning neighbourhood has also been home to many other celebrities. This includes Michael Jordan, Serena and Venus Williams as well as fellow golfers. Various different videos and photos on Instagram share glimpses inside the golfer’s home. Spanning over 12,000 square feet, the mansion has its own tennis court, gym and outdoor pool. DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart's private life with wife Penny in Essex countryside [INSIGHT]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [EXPLAINER]Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [PICTURES] It is also said to have seven bedrooms and 10 bathrooms. Pictures inside the dining room show a gorgeous view onto the lawn and outdoor swimming pool. Rory also has stunning palm trees in his garden. Inside, the dining table is white with white chairs, contrasting with the burgundy walls. READ MORE: Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures Pictures outside show the golfer near his pool, which is sheltered by trees and bushes. Fans have also commented on his posts, showing admiration for his tidy garden. @adrianjosephmusic said: “That grass is absolutely impeccable.” @ferrisguchi wrote: “Stunning house, stunning lawn.” As well as playing golf, Rory also has a number of sponsorships with well-known brands. This is likely to have helped him in buying property across the globe. In 2017, the golf player’s Nike contract was extended for 10 years, said to be worth £8million a year. He is estimated to earn around £30million in total from his sponsorships alone. Rory grew up in a four-bedroom house in Hollywood, Northern Ireland. It was adapted for Rory, who had his very own golf simulator in the garage. His father Gerry also transformed the garage into a studio where young Rory could study his swing. When he first moved out of his parents home, he purchased Robinhall House in County Down, which is now thought to be worth £3.2million. It came complete with its own driving range, outdoor hot tub and a full size tennis court.