Anyone who watches live TV on any channel, not just the BBC, currently has to fork out £159 for a TV licence every year. The cost has been frozen until 2027 but a damning new report suggests it should be replaced with something else entirely. An explosive new report suggesting the BBC licence fee should be abolished has just been published by The Lords Communications and Digital Committee. The report, recommending the £159 TV licence is axed and replaced, has been welcomed by many Britons who detest the controversial TV licence fee. One reader @Rightman said: “There is only one solution. Scrap the licence tax entirely. “The BBC is so far down the road to extinction it is too late to save." READ MORE: How much are disability payments and what health conditions qualify? Another, @Vandazler1 wrote: “Those from around the world cannot believe we pay this archaic tax.” @dwwills said "I don't pay the TV tax. “As a result ITV, C4, C5, S4C and many others don't get my casual viewing, as I only do on demand. “Sooner it all changes the better.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide raises interest rate on savings account to 5% [ALERT]Santander scam: convincing hoax email includes full name and account [WARNING]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE] Meanwhile, thousands of Britons who could be forking out for a TV licence unnecessarily. Up to 850,000 pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which entitles them to a free TV licence if they are also over 75-years-old, while younger Britons who only watch Netflix and YouTube don’t need one either. In total, four groups of people could be entitled to a reduction or refund on their TV licence. Blind or severely sight impaired people are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their TV licence. READ MORE: Scam Warning: Victims losing more than £36,000 on average At the same time, residents in care homes that have ARC schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50. Those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Over 75s in receipt of Pension Credit don’t have to pay either. Neither does anyone who doesn’t watch live TV on any channel or service, including BBC iPlayer, no matter what their age. If people realise they have been paying for a TV licence unnecessarily it is possible to get a refund.  On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” People can go to tvlicensing.co.uk to find out more about whether they are eligible for a refund or discount.