Ann Widdecombe has branded Liz Truss as "starchy as a victorian governess" in a brutal slap down of the Conservative Party hopeful's bid to replace Boris Johnson in Downing Street. Ms Truss has emerged alongside Rishi Sunak as among the frontrunners to take over from the outgoing Tory leader. Ms Widdecombe told GB News: "I like Liz Truss's policies, I admire her record of the trade deals and normally I would say yeah, I think that's probably the best person. "But the fact that she's had a charisma bypass! "She doesn't have any oomph and that does matter these days there was a time when it didn't but now it does matter because of media exposure. "I hope she gets through to the last two but if she does, then, when she's out on that campaign trail, she has got to develop some oomph. JUST IN: Penny Mordaunt lashes out at Tory rivals over backroom plotting to STOP bid to become PM  "Because at the moment she's as starchy as a Victorian governess." Sky News has cancelled its scheduled Tory leadership debate after Sunak and Truss declined to take part after televised hustings descended into public slanging matches. The broadcaster cancelled Tuesday evening's event with a day's notice after sources in Mr Sunak's camp suggested he will only do further TV confrontations if he succeeds in making it to the final two candidates. Team Truss argued they are focused on behind-closed-doors hustings to win the support of Conservative MPs, who are whittling down the contenders.   A statement from Sky News read: "Tuesday evening's live television debate on Sky News between the Conservative Party leadership candidates has been cancelled. "Two of the three candidates currently leading in the MPs' ballots - Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss - have confirmed to Sky News that they do not want to take part. "Conservative MPs are said to be concerned about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the Conservative Party, exposing disagreements and splits within the party. "Both are very welcome to take part in future Sky News televised debates." DON'T MISSOutdated rule sparks railway strike threats [REVEALED] Mass arrests made of human traffickers smuggling migrants into Britain [REPORT] Prince William appears to break royal protocol at Wimbledon [LATEST] The second televised debate, held on Sunday by ITV, saw Mr Sunak engage in furious exchanges with both Foreign Secretary Ms Truss and trade minister Penny Mordaunt, who completes the trio of frontrunners vying for No 10. The former chancellor accused Ms Truss of peddling "something-for-nothing" economics after she said he was choking off growth by raising taxes to their highest level in 70 years. Mr Sunak said even former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn did not advocate the sort of loosening of the fiscal rules being proposed by Ms Mordaunt. On Monday morning Mr Sunak and Ms Truss's teams told Sky they do not want to take part in the scheduled debate.