Flight UA-37 was flying from Edinburgh to Newark, New Jersey, when crews declared an emergency this afternoon. The jet, which took off at 11am, issued an emergency squawk signal and made the unscheduled landing in Ireland.   The flight was diverted to Shannon Airport in Co. Clare where it was met by the emergency services. It is believed the unscheduled stop was the result of a pressurisation issue. A United Airlines spokesperson told breakingnews.ie: "Our team at Shannon Airport is providing assistance to customers of United flight 37 (Edinburgh-New York/Newark) which diverted to Shannon Airport to address a technical issue. News of the emergency landing comes as the airline industry continues to grapple with strike action. A leader of the USO union said in a statement on Wednesday that Ryanair's Spanish cabin crew union members plan strikes on four days of every week until January to press demands for higher pay and better working conditions. The statement read strike action backed both by the USO and Sitclpa union groups will take place from Monday to Thursday during every week from August 8 to January 7. Ryanair workers caused disruption at many Spanish airports during July, when they walked out for several days, mainly on weekends, during the month.  The number of cancelled flights was limited compared to other countries where Ryanair staff have also gone on strike as Spanish regulation forces airlines and staff to maintain a minimum service. Lidia Aransanz, a leader for USO's Ryanair section, said: "As the company has been unable to listen to the workers, we have been forced to call new strike days." She added the unions are demanding 22 days of holiday and two extra months payment per year to comply with Spanish legislation. The union said 11 cabin staff in Spain were fired during the recent strikes. DON'T MISS: Kate McCann given 'medical advice' as debate cancelled [REPORT] Driver fleeing scene of crash attacked by emu [REVEALED] Royal Family: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile, ground staff at Deutsche Lufthansa went on strike today, prompting the cancellation of more than 1,000 flights and adding to travel disruptions during the summer travel season. Labour union Verdi had called for the walkout, which is due to run until 4am UK time on Thursday, over its demand for a 9.5 percent pay hike for about 20,000 workers and warned more industrial action could be on the cards. The strike has caused Lufthansa to cancel nearly all flights at its Frankfurt and Munich hubs for Wednesday. Strikes and staff shortages have already forced airlines including Lufthansa to cancel thousands of flights and caused hours-long queues at major airports, frustrating holidaymakers keen to travel after COVID-19 lockdowns.  EasyJet revealed quarterly losses on Tuesday after taking a £133million hit from recent airport disruption, but insisted its operations are getting back to normal following cuts to its flight programme. The budget airline reported a group headline loss before tax of £114million for the three months to June 30, blaming "widespread operational challenges" and flight cancellations due to staff shortages at airports. The result marked an improvement on the £318million loss seen a year ago, but comes despite easyJet's passenger numbers jumping more than sevenfold to 22 million in the quarter. EasyJet boss Johan Lundgren said its summer operations had now "normalised" and were "much improved" in July after recent moves by airports to demand a cut in flight programmes.  The carrier said it remains focused on ensuring "smooth operations this summer" and will continue to "fine tune" its schedule, signalling further flight cuts if needed. It comes after airports such as Heathrow and Gatwick told airlines to cut their flight schedules after scenes of chaos as staff shortages left them struggling to cope with the sudden ramping up of demand for foreign holidays. Holidaymakers have suffered flight delays and cancellations, alongside lengthy queues as airports have struggled with baggage handling, air traffic control and security. EasyJet said: "The unprecedented ramp up across the aviation industry, coupled with a tight labour market, has resulted in widespread operational challenges culminating in higher levels of cancellations than normal." 