Lorenzo Musetti has opened up on the series of hurdles he had to overcome before beating world No 5 Carlos Alcaraz to win his maiden title in Hamburg on Sunday. The 20-year-old had never previously reached a final, and has now revealed he battled with food poisoning and lost luggage before a career-best week. Musetti upset top seed and tennis’ new golden boy Alcaraz to lift his first-ever title at the Hamburg Open yesterday, having previously never made a final. The new world No 31 blew five match points in the second set and looked on the verge of a heartbreaking defeat when the five-time title winner stormed back to force a decider, but the Italian held his nerve to close out a 6-4 6-7(6) 6-4 victory and lift the trophy. It was also the 20-year-old’s best win by ranking but he later revealed the obstacles he came through when arriving in Hamburg ahead of the tournament, making his maiden title win even more unbelievable. “I came to Hamburg without luggage on Thursday from Bastad,” he explained. After losing his rackets, he had to borrow one from a colleague before finding himself struck down with food poisoning, jeopardising his first match. Musetti continued: “Because of all the strikes, I lost my racket bag. I trained with Dusan Lajovic and used his racket.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic US Open row erupts as 'close-minded dummies' slammed  And things went from bad to worse as he added: “The day before the matches I was vomiting all night, I had food poisoning. You can imagine how I prepared for the tournament then.” But the newly-crowned champion was in good spirits over the ordeal, admitting that it was all part of the sport. “That's life. Tennis is the definition of life with ups and downs. I will always remember this week,” Musetti said. Turning his attention to the final, the young Italian admitted it had been as up-and-down as his overall time at the tournament. DON'T MISS World No 1 slams 'contradictory' colleagues for forgetting Ukraine warDjokovic and co could compete in London as chances of Masters assessedKyrgios explains Wimbledon run in first event since Djokovic final  “I was speechless, it was a rollercoaster until the end,” he admitted. “Carlos was so good on match points, but I had a lot of chances. The key was to stay calm and patient, and it wasn't easy. I can't describe how I feel right now. It's like I'm still dreaming.  "For me, for my team, for my family, for my friends and for the people who really love me, I appreciate all the sacrifices that my family [made] and all the hard work that I put in with my team. I will keep rolling for sure and I will continue like [this] hopefully." 