Sean Tully (played by Antony Cotten) has found love again in Weatherfield after a string of disastrous relationships over the years. Frank Bardsley (Simon O’Brien) has already caused trouble when his past with George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) was revealed but, could an upcoming problem be the final straw for Sean who decides he has to put his family first. Later this week in Coronation Street, Sean’s son Dylan (Liam Mccheyne) returns to Weatherfield. Frank puts off meeting Dylan at first but soon runs out of excuses. The newcomer calls at No.11 and is introduced to Sean’s son. Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) watches the awkward encounter unfold as the meeting doesn’t get off to the smoothest of starts. It’s clear the pair have nothing in common and Todd notices something isn’t quite right with Frank. Read more: Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley admits fears about future on ITV soap Later, Sean convinces Frank to come along to watch Dylan’s football match. However, he’s not happy about it and doesn’t enjoy himself. What reason could Frank have for being so against getting to know his partner’s son? Sean has struggled with finding love on the cobbles over the years. Although he seems happy, Sean would always put his son first. Todd is not known for keeping his feelings to himself and will likely tell Sean he’s noticed something unsettling about Frank. Sean may confront his new partner and demand to know why he didn’t take his meeting with Dylan seriously. Frank may pull out all the stops to convince Sean he wants to progress with their relationship. Could the newcomer decide a proposal is the only way to keep his partner by his side? DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow sabotages Wendy and Ken [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor's long-lost sister arrives  [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Dee Dee Bailey arrives in Debbie twist [SPOILER] Sean may consider the prospect of a happy ending but his relationship with his son is extremely important to him. If the stalwart believes Dylan and Frank will never get on, he may reject Frank’s proposal and put his son first. Although Sean would know this is the right thing to do rather than rush into a marriage, he would be left heartbroken by another failed relationship. Will Sean end up saying goodbye to the cobbles and his past memories? Meanwhile, it was previously revealed George recognised Frank as someone who bullied him at school. Talking about Drank’s meeting with his former classmate, actor Simon told Express.co.uk and other press: “Frank is pleased to see George when they see each other at The Rovers, but George certainly does not reciprocate that. “George has to really cover up the fact that just the very sight of Frank puts him in a very bad place. It makes him very anxious. “George, being the mild-mannered character he is, was the butt of jokes at school. As it turns out, Frank may have been one of the ringleaders." Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.