Announced on Friday July 1, NS&I revealed that a person in London and another in Surrey had each won the jackpot prize. The group also updates their prize checker which enables bond holders across the country to check if they’ve scooped a prize ranging from £25 to £100,000. The first winning bond for July, 210ST236184, was bought in August 2013 by someone from inner London, who held £30,000 in Premium Bonds. They are the seventh winner from the area. July’s second top prize winner came from Surrey and held £22,350 in Bonds. Their winning Bond carries the number 471RR305957, and was purchased in September 2021. The win makes them the 28th Premium Bonds millionaire from Surrey. July saw 4.8 million prizes be paid out which had a total value of £138million and there were 118 billion Bond numbers eligible for the draw. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes Last month marked the first prize draw since NS&I returned the Premium Bonds fund rate from one percent to 1.4 percent after 18 months. This meant that the odds of each £1 Premium Bond number winning a prize changed from 34,500 to one to 24,500 to one. This increased prize fund meant an additional 1.4 million prizes were paid out in the June 2022 Premium Bonds prize draw. People can check if they have bagged one of the prizes using the NS&I online prize checker here, or they can download the free app on iOS or Android. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ [INSIGHT]Prescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [ANALYSIS]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE] People will need their Premium Bonds holder’s number to use the website and their NS&I number or holder’s number to check via the prize checker app. The results are then usually accessible from the second day of the month. At the same time, they can check for any unclaimed prizes owed to them. Premium Bond prizes don’t carry a time limit, so people are able to claim as far back as the original 1957 draw. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more Premium Bonds must also be held for a full calendar month before they can be entered into the monthly prize draw. NS&I states that Premium Bonds are the UK’s most popular savings products with around 21 million people saving this way. NS&I Premium Bonds are a savings account that people can put money into, and take out, where interest isn't paid but instead savers can win cash in a monthly prize draw. People need to be 16 years to purchase however under that age they may be purchased and held in the name of the under-16s by parents or guardians. The minimum amount people can have invested in Premium Bonds is £25, and the maximum is £50,000. Premium Bonds also cannot be passed on when a person dies however they will remain eligible to win for 12 months after their death. If one of the bonds wins a prize won before the 12-month limit, it can still be claimed with no time limit. In June this year, the Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis said in a blog post that Premium Bonds were “all about your mentality”. He said: “. They do protect your cash, so even if the returns don't look a good bet, it's fine to put a non-significant portion of your money in them, provided you're aware it's more for fun than returns. “Before deciding, use the calculator to look at the real odds. If you're willing to take the gamble after that, then it's fine.”