 In 2020, there was 19.4 million people paying into a workplace pension, and the number of those paying into a private would take that figure up even further. However, the cost of living crisis that the UK is facing is putting a severe strain on finances, and tough decisions are being made by Britons about what they should be doing with their money each month. One choice people are making is to reduce, pause or completely stop contributing to their pensions with research by the pension provider Standard Life finding that six percent of people were going down this road.    Standard Life says the current low figure is “encouraging” however, as finances become stretched even further, this figure could increase. Danielle Hulme, 48, is a freelance project manager and has chosen to stop paying into her Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP). Danielle told Express.co.uk that she had received several good contracts in the last financial year through her work and she had made contributions to the pension. However, when she checked how it was doing she found that it had dipped significantly in its performance. She said: “I thought things were going to look a lot better than it did but it didn’t and when I thought about it, anything that I would be putting into the SIPP now would only be covering the losses that I’ve made in the last few months. “So I decided to take a break, at least for the next year as there are so many unknowns happening in the world right now, I felt it would probably be best if I have my money directly to hand just in case I need to fall back on it.” Danielle also explained that her second reason to pause her contributions was that her son was in his second year of university and his cost of living was “going through the roof” so she wanted to have money aside in order to help him if he needs it. Research conducted by Standard life found that if a person on £25,000 started paying into a standard auto-enrolment pension, at a rate of three percent and their employee five percent, at the age of 22 years, then they would have a pot worth £456,893 by the time they reach 68 years. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Which DWP benefits get help towards NHS costs?    However, if this person stopped their contribution for just one year, it would be worth £12,764 less at £444,129. If they stopped for two years then the pension pot would be worth £25,335 less, and if paused for three years it would be worth almost £40,000 less. The reduction in pension savings will have a further impact on a person’s later years as it could force people to work much later than the state pension age of 66 years, sell their property and downsize, or reduce their quality of life to cover the costs of their golden years. Commenting on the idea of pausing their pension contributor, Peter Cranwell, an independent financial adviser at Purely Pension said: “Pausing pension contributions will have a different impact for various people, so it’s hard to make a blanket rule as one person’s later life journey will differ greatly from another’s in terms of basic living costs and length. “Someone who has already paid off their mortgage prior to reaching retirement age will have much lower monthly living costs than someone who still has a mortgage.” Mr Cranwell explained that paused contributions could possibly push people into choosing riskier investment options down the line in order to make up the difference.   He recommended that people take a “cautionary approach” to the notion of stopping their contributions by “prioritising the benefits of pension tax relief and long-term saving” rather than the short-term benefits of “increasing their immediate take-home pay”.  Mr Cranwell said: “If you are in need of accessing some of that money now to offset some of the cost-of-living pressures, people should consider lowering contributions rather than stopping them altogether. “In addition to that, there are many financial tools and savings options available to those planning for retirement including the state pension, private pensions, other savings pots like ISAs and assets, such as property or collectables which can provide financial support as part of the pension plan.” Danielle explained that she was able to pursue the option of pausing her pension contributions as she had investment property income to fall back on, which she said will be her main source of income when she decides to retire. She said: “I started on my investment properties on the side of my full time work after I got divorced because I knew I needed to have something to help me for my future. So the investments into the properties are more or less like my pension pot anyway. “I started my SIPP as I thought it was safer to have something in the background, but I honestly don’t think it is a necessity and I think that my investment properties will actually outperform it in the next few years.” READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest    Mr Cranwell reiterated that it was “important” that people take into consideration the multiple avenues they can do gown before “completely terminating their pension contributions". He said: “Consulting with a financial adviser who can give guidance on the cost-effectiveness of these different options can be important to ensure people are still contributing enough to their pensions, whilst getting the relief that they need.” He also highlighted that people were able to access Government-sponsored guidance for pension saving decisions if they were in a position where they believes that this was the only option. Danielle said she understood why people decide to take the option to stop their pension payment’s as times are “incredibly hard” for people across the UK.     However, she explained that people will need something to fall back on in older age if they are to do this and highly advocated for people to diversify their income stream. She said: “I started off with a little eBay shop and then I started buying stuff at auction and then I went into properties. “I'm lucky, I know that I can confidently pause my pension contributions for a little while because I have something that I can fall back on. “To me, I think I will be trying to focus on my side hustles as my way of saving for my pension more as I think it is better, particularly at the moment, that I have income pockets available to me.”  