The all-new MacBook Air is now on sale with this latest laptop arriving packed with features including a bigger and brighter 13.6-inch screen, more power under the hood thanks to the latest M2 processor and the return of MagSafe charging for hassle-free charging. It's a massive upgrade from the US technology firm and as our full MacBook Air 2022 review reveals it's definitely worth considering if you are in need of a new lightweight laptop. The only major sticking point for Apple fans is the price as this latest Air is the firm's most expensive ever with prices starting from a whopping £1,249. That's for the base model which comes with Apple's M2 chip and an 8-core GPU. Those wanting the improved 10-core model, which is better for graphic-hungry tasks will need to fork out over £1,500 to own this laptop - ouch! This pricier version also comes with the improved dual plug which can charge two devices including the MacBook and an iPad at the same time. It's all pretty expensive but luckily, Apple is making things more affordable with the firm currently offering interest-free credit on purchases including that new Air. This means you can pop one in your shopping basket and pay as little as £52.04 per month. Here's how much each MacBook will cost you. New MacBook Air M2 - 8-core GPUONE-OFF PRICE • £1,249MONTHLY PAYMENTS • £52.04 (Total price over 24 months £1,248.96) New MacBook Air M2 - 10-core GPUONE-OFF PRICE • £1,549MONTHLY PAYMENTS • £65.54 (Total price over 24 months £1,548.96) This 0% finance is for a limited time with it only available until August 11, 2022. It's a good offer but before you get too excited about your new purchases it's worth noting the current wait times for the new Air. Most tech retailers, including John Lewis and Currys, are out of stock with even Apple is not expecting to deliver machines purchased today until August 7 at the earliest. Some models are available to pick up in store but if you don't live near to an Apple shop you may have a long wait. There's no word on what is causing the delay or if it's simply down to high order numbers.