BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were joined by cancer survivor Laura Nuttall, her mum Nicola and her sister Gracie. The family were on the show to discuss her journey and the proud achievement of graduating from university with a 2:1. However, Naga was left embarrassed and quickly apologised after laughing at the guest's quip about her cancer battle. The three ladies sat alongside Naga and Charlie on the red sofa and explained the highs and lows they experienced before and during her diagnosis. Touching on how far her sister had come and the close bond they had, Gracie explained: "It was horrible. "It was literally the worst moment ever, but to watch her go up on those stairs and get to graduate makes everything worth it." The sisters were noticeably emotional during the interview, as Naga asked: "Are you two much closer now?" READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell wartime diamond brooch Without a thought, Gracie exclaimed: "Yeah," before Naga continued: "Where you properly like buffing heads before?" "We were really competitive and it just sort of all changed," added Gracie as Laura chimed in: "The dynamic changed." Their mum commented: "Gracie always wanted what Laura had until she got brain cancer, and then she thought, 'No, you're alright.'" Naga let out a laugh at the family's quip and immediately seemed embarrassed as she became unable to contain her giggles.  She apologised: "I'm so sorry, I can't believe I am roaring, but that was very funny." Not taking offence to the outburst, Nicola explained: "We've done a lot of laughing in the last three years, we really have because you've just got to see the funny side of things. "You've got to find the humour in every situation and look for the positives and find the good bits. "I think life is a bit like a school holiday, if it went on forever, you wouldn't appreciate it, you would waste it, but knowing that life is short has just brought it into focus for us as a family." DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty takes cheeky jibe at Carol Kirkwood [WATCH]Naga Munchetty scolds Charlie Stayt as he mocks Bake Off star [LATEST]Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out [INSIGHT] The mum-of-two continued: "Life is short for everybody, and nobody knows what is going to happen next, and it's really important to get the best out of every day. "Just find those experiences and find the joy, whether it's just playing Mario Kart or meeting Michelle Obama, it could be about anything, but it's just about smiling and having good times." Noticing the confidence in Nicola's speech, Charlie asked the sisters: "Has mum made that speech before?" "Something similar, yeah," Gracie admitted. Naga also left BBC Breakfast co-star Carol Kirkwood shocked shortly after the interview with Laura, during the link with the Saturday Kitchen crew. Carol joined host Matt Tebbutt on his show to promote her new book, with Naga quipping: "I think you have stolen one of ours, have you? You know we want her back! "You have got an absolutely delightful woman in the studio, I have seen Andi there. I am not so sure about her, Carol." Shocked at the remark, Carol exclaimed: "Oh, thanks, Naga!" before Matt quipped: "Oh dear, it has started already!" BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on ITV.