Dustin Johnson has played down criticism he has faced in recent weeks after he decided to join the controversial LIV Golf tour. The two-time major champion is one of the high-profile players who joined the Saudi-backed tour, giving up his PGA membership in the process. Division amongst the pros has been evident heading into this week's Open Championship at St Andrews, but Johnson responded bluntly when asked whether he and his fellow LIV Golf stars will be able to perform this week. He said: “I don’t really know what you’re talking about. Obviously they’re all good players and playing well this week. “For me, coming in here, obviously it’s a major. I want to come in here and play well and compete. I feel like I put myself in a good position going into the weekend. "Probably be a few back by the end of the day, I would imagine. Still in a good position heading into the weekend.’’ Johnson is no stranger to hostility on the course – in 2020, fellow American Brooks Koepka took a dig at his record. Prior to the final round of the PGA Championship, Koepka said: “I like my chances. When I've been in this position before, I've capitalised. I don't know, [Johnson's] only won one.” Responding to the comments, Johnson bluntly said: "It doesn't matter. It doesn't bother me. He can think whatever he wants. "I played really well. I mean, I played solid. Generally with the lead shooting 68 at a major on Sunday, nine times out of 10 you're going to win." Koepka later said he regretted the comments because he had dismissed other rivals on the course, including eventual winner Collin Morikawa. He said: "That part I regret and I wish I had used different words because I didn’t pay enough attention to who was under Dustin because he was my main focus. "When someone asks if I can win, I’m always going to say yes, that’s the competitor in me. I’m not there to finish second. READ MORE: Dustin Johnson’s bombshell wife bares all in sexy pics before The Open  "I think that’s where some of the cocky stuff comes from because I always think I can win and truly believe it.” The criticism directed at Johnson in recent weeks has been more cutting, however. Rory McIlroy has been among the most vocal critics of the LIV Golf tour – this week he accused Johnson and co of "taking the easy way out". He told reporters: "In Phil's [Mickelson] case, early 50s. Yeah, I think everyone in this room would say to themselves that their best days are behind them. "That's why I don't understand for the guys that are a similar age to me going because I would like to believe that my best days are still ahead of me, and I think theirs are, too. "I think my stance on it has been pretty clear from the start. It's not something that I want to participate in. DON'T MISSLIV Golf rebels to discover ultimate fate as crunch board meeting held [INSIGHT]Casey’s words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi League [ANALYSIS]PGA Tour reveals long-term unity deal amid Saudi LIV golf takeover [INSIGHT] "I certainly understand the guys that have went. I understand what their goals and their ambitions are in their life. And I'm certainly not knocking anyone for going. It's their life, it's their decision. They can live it the way they want to." Legend Tiger Woods also let rip at the LIV Golf tour this week. He said in an explosive press conference: "I disagree with it. I think that what they've done is they've turned their back on what has allowed them to get to this position." But Johnson dismissed the criticism in similar style to his feud with Koepka, saying: “For me I've got more motivation to play well and work hard. I've got -- obviously now we have a team, so want to play well for them, not only for myself. "But yeah, we are playing for a lot of money, and I want to win. Not just to win the money. I want to win the tournament."