Manchester United are refusing to put pressure on Frenkie de Jong to move to Old Trafford this summer, according to reports. The Barcelona star is Erik ten Hag’s main objective for this transfer window. However, a deal remains up in the air despite the two clubs agreeing a fee. Manchester United want to sign De Jong from Barcelona and have spent over 70 days chasing the Netherlands international, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. A fee between the Red Devils and their La Liga counterparts has been agreed, with the fallen Premier League giants ready to spend an initial £63million to land their man. Yet De Jong is reluctant to go. The Barcelona star is happy at the Nou Camp and, though his current employers are trying to force him out, he’s so far been digging his heels in. And GQ claim that United are refusing to put pressure on De Jong to move to Old Trafford because that would ‘be a bad look’. More details are provided, too. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan United, despite being linked with the likes of Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans of Wolves and Leicester respectively, don’t have any alternatives in mind. Ten Hag is prepared to be patient, believing his former Ajax star can be central to his plans as he looks to build a dynasty at his new club. Barcelona, for their part, are ready to sell De Jong ‘because they need the money’. The Catalan giants have splurged on the likes of Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha so far this summer, with the duo arriving from Bayern Munich and Leeds respectively. And they also need the cash to help register new signings such as Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen, who have both arrived on free transfers. Barcelona had been hoping to whip up an auction for De Jong, who has previously been eyed by the likes of Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  Yet that hasn’t happened, with none ‘coming forward at the levels they’re talking about’. Barcelona have told De Jong about their agreement with United. But with the midfielder also owed wages, which are believed to be worth in the region of £17m, he’s hesitant to jump ship just yet. While that’s the case, however, the Dutchman is ‘not happy’ about the way the situation is being handled by his current club. De Jong has always given his all for Barcelona and, as a child, often vacationed in the city. Even as recently as a month ago he branded them the ‘best club in the world’ and has little appetite to leave a team he grew up supporting. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Barcelona boss Xavi also gets a mention. And it’s claimed he ‘likes’ De Jong and believes he can be a successor to himself in the event he ends up staying put. United, it seems, still have a fight on their hands when it comes to getting this operation over the line ahead of the new Premier League season. But if De Jong does arrive, he’ll become their fourth signing of the summer so far. Tyrell Malacia was the first, with the left-back moving from Feyenoord to provide competition for Luke Shaw in that position. United won the race for Christian Eriksen, landing the Denmark international on a free transfer following the end of his Brentford contract. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And the Red Devils beat Arsenal to the signature of Lisandro Martinez, who has joined from Ajax. Meanwhile, regarding De Jong, former United star Luke Chadwick said recently that signing the Netherlands international would ‘put a marker down’. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man,” he said. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here