Liverpool were reportedly interested in completing a controversial return for Raheem Sterling this summer. Sterling is set to join Chelsea in a blockbuster transfer from Manchester City after agreeing personal terms with the Blues. But former club Liverpool were apparently keen on a deal that might not have gone down well with supporters. Sterling acrimoniously left Liverpool for Man City in 2015 having forced through a £50million departure. The 27-year-old will join Chelsea after seven trophy-laden years at City. He won four Premier League titles, five League Cups and an FA Cup under Pep Guardiola and scored an impressive 131 goals in 337 appearances. Sterling has at times struggled for minutes in the last 18 months and the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez are likely to have pushed him further down Guardiola’s plans. That has prompted the England forward to seek a new challenge at the peak of his powers. JUST IN: Chelsea could indirectly hand Man Utd perfect Ronaldo replacement Chelsea have moved quickly to secure the signing of Sterling, who has apparently agreed personal terms with the West Londoners. The Mirror reports that Chelsea beat Liverpool and several other clubs to his signature. Real Madrid, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint Germain were also interested in the star. City were also keen for Sterling to remain but he could not be assured of game time. Liverpool’s interest is the most interesting, though, given how hostile Sterling’s relationship with Reds fans has been since his departure seven years ago. He forced an exit to City in the summer of 2015, just months before Jurgen Klopp’s arrival at Anfield. Liverpool and City have since been embroiled in a battle for all the major club competitions. However, Sterling does not have a brilliant record against his former club, scoring just three times and winning in only five of his 18 appearances. He is heckled and booed whenever he plays at Anfield. DON'T MISS...Man Utd set new Cristiano Ronaldo return date as club await strategyJesse Lingard may snub Tottenham and West Ham amid MLS transfer talksChelsea star Marcos Alonso 'considers handing in transfer request' Sterling bagged 23 goals and registered a further 25 assists in 129 appearances for Liverpool. He joined the Reds from QPR aged 14 and made his debut three years later. In 2020, Sterling revealed he was ‘disappointed’ with the way he left Liverpool but does not regret leaving. He told Sky Sports: "Sometimes you've got to know what you want. Your career is only short, you don't really know what's going to happen. “At times, we make decisions and they might not be the right ones. Sometimes, it turns out for the better. The only thing I will say is the way it [Sterling's exit from Liverpool] went about was the thing I am more disappointed about. But other than that, it's been so far, so good.” Sterling could become Chelsea’s first signing since Todd Boehly’s takeover of the West London outfit. Boss Thomas Tuchel is apparently keen to redesign his forward line following the departure of Romelu Luakaku.