Lauren Lyle became a household name after rising to fame as Marsali Fraser on Starz’s hit series Outlander. The actress sparked a major fan frenzy on Twitter as she shared the trailer of her upcoming ITV drama, Karen Pirie.   The ITV cold case murder drama is expected to land on screens in September, with Lauren Lyle landing the lead role as DS Karen Pirie. The programme will be the onscreen adaptation of a series of best-selling novels, The Distant Echo, written by Val McDermid. Sticking to the book’s storyline, the drama will follow the personal and professional life of the fearless Scottish investigator. With her quick wit and desire to seek the truth, viewers will see Karen work with her team to solve cases which had gone cold.  READ MORE: BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off   After her promotion to Police Scotland’s Historic Cases Unit, Karen was tasked with reopening an investigation into a murder which was the subject of a true crime podcast. She looked at the unsolved case of a teenage barmaid Rosie Duff who was stabbed to death in 1995. Although the three drunk students who discovered her body were suspected, they were never charged. With almost 25 years since the crime was committed, it was up to DS Karen Pirie to get to the bottom of what truly happened.   However, after discovering a huge flaw in the initial investigation, Karen finds herself in the tough position of turning against her colleagues. The actress took to Twitter to share the trailer of the upcoming drama. The post was captioned: “Here she is! The first look teaser of my new show [KAREN PIRIE]. Very excited. Very mad. Can’t wait.” As a result, this caused a huge frenzy on social media as fans took to her comments with excitement and anticipation.  DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV return [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Stephen Reid is Aaron Sandford's father [THEORY] Outlander's Sam Heughan on 'enjoying' Claire Fraser sex scene [INSIGHT] @casey_galle tweeted: “OMG CAN'T wait!!! Can't go wrong if you're staring in it.” A second fan @yvonnespeed1 added: ”Lauren will do this justice with her great sassy style & professionalism.” An excited @NaynahTUyou congratulated the star: “BRAVA, I'm EXCITED for you & me to view it.” Lauren’s Outlander co-star Caitriona Balfe who portrayed her stepmother, Claire Fraser also shared praise for the actress and wrote: “Woooohoooo.”   Lauren and Caitriona have starred alongside one another since Marsali made her first appearance in season three. Marsali found herself at the centre of the action-packed sixth season after the birth of her son Henri-Christian. As the child was born with dwarfism, Marsali and her husband Fergus (Cesar Domboy) were accused of witchcraft. As well as the rumours, she was forced to battle a depressed Fergus who was distraught at his son’s condition and had taken to drinking too much, too often. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK   