TV's Location, Location, Location presenter was appalled to find relatives were routinely denied contact. But her anger turned to despair as her father was left fighting for life after a heart attack and stroke, and she saw what others encountered. Kirstie, 50, said: "In a great many cases lives have been reduced to mere shells because of such stupid rules. "It might have been justifiable in the early period but we are more than two years on [from the first lockdown] and still families have to phone up, make appointments, book time slots and only one or two are allowed in and even then only for an hour. "It is wrong. These are the forgotten people. We don't give a monkey's about old people in this country. And it's a disgrace." She added: "These are people already at the end of their lives who just want to be surrounded by warmth and comfort - something only friends and family can provide." A push to end the crisis has been championed by the Daily Express. Families said they were failed by both the Department of Health and Social Care, which issued guidance, not rules, on visiting, and the Care Quality Commission, which has statutory responsibility for those in care. Kirstie's father Lord Hindlip, 81, went into hospital five weeks ago for surgery. He was treated privately, so relatives could visit around the clock. But she has been inundated with heart-wrenching tales from less fortunate families, including from colleagues on her popular property show. Kirstie said a co-worker "burst into tears because he had not been allowed to visit his nan before she died". She went on: "A cameraman did the same after explaining his dad was about to have major surgery and he was worried about being banned from visiting. "Doctors have said to me they are making life and death decisions without knowledge of what a patient's life was before their illness and admission. It's the scandal of our time. "My mum battled cancer on and off for 25 years. I knew the importance of family at times of ill-health. "This scandal will lead to excess deaths as people are not going to hospital because they are afraid of it happening to them and their families. "I have witnessed the impact and seen the acute importance of having familiar faces at the bedside. People have been getting in touch saying, 'Hang in there, Kirstie, because you are right about this'." Despite work by campaign group Rights for Residents backed by thousands of families, ministers and the CQC have refused for more than two years to make visiting a legal right. So, 834 days since the first lockdown on March 23, 2020, care homes and hospitals can dictate the terms of access since visiting guidance is voluntary. Kirstie said: "My first experience of all this was with care homes. It was Easter last year and a friend's father had suffered a stroke but they were not allowed in. "Tens of thousands of people have died broken-hearted and alone. Yet nothing has been done. I will continue to fight for what is right and fair." Kate Terroni, Chief Inspector of Adult Social Care at CQC, said: “Where there are concerns that people who receive care are not safe or are experiencing neglect we urge people to raise these concerns with us – every person in care deserves a safe and dignified environment, free from harm. “The majority of care homes are good or outstanding and this reflects the incredible efforts of carers and providers who have gone above and beyond to provide high quality care over the course of the pandemic and since lockdown measures have been relaxed. “However, where concerns are brought to our attention we will not hesitate to act. We will always follow up on information of concern, and where there is risk we will inspect to ensure that people are safe and receiving high quality care. Where we find people are at risk we will not hesitate to take further regulatory action to ensure people’s safety and human rights are upheld.”