According to the report, Carole and Michael Middleton are understood to be examining plans to create an annexe at the manor house in the village of Bucklebury that they bought for £4.7 million a decade ago. A source told MailOnline: “Bucklebury has housed a good number of refugees and Carole has been getting advice from villagers and seeking information about how the process has worked for others in the area.” Neighbours who have already provided sanctuary include broadcaster Chris Tarrant and Tory politician Lord Benyon, a friend of the Middletons who recently held a fundraising event for refugees at his stately home. The source added: “Carole talked about wanting refugees to feel they have their own space in her home and has been talking about the logistics of how it all works. “There have been a few conversations about this, back and forth. “Carole suggested she and some of those who are housing refugees should meet up, to get to know each other and because she wants to find a way to house refugees herself.  “She’s very philanthropic and wants to be known for her charitable nature as well as her business.” The Government launched the Homes For Ukraine scheme in March after the war started to match people willing to provide accommodation with refugees. The Home Office says some 62,000 Ukrainians have so far been housed. However, many families have complained of excessive red tape. READ MORE: 'Foul stench of profiteering' over sky-high petrol prices  According to MailOnline, one option under consideration is to convert a living room at seven-bedroom Bucklebury Manor into separate accommodation for a family fleeing Ukraine. There are, however, issues around security still to consider, given the regular visits to the property by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children, George, Charlotte and Louis. A source told the publication: “Carole doesn’t have many outbuildings and Kate’s security stay in the main house when they come, so she’ll have to find a way to make it work that is safe. “Carole is very popular here and she’s done wonders for the community and for the family farm. She’s a real tour de force.’ DON'T MISS:Eight fire engines and 60 firefighters tackle blaze in EdmontonKate sizzles in yellow dress as she presents Wimbledon ladies trophy GB News: Dolan lauds Brexit as 'strategic stroke of genius'