Emma Willis, 46, and Matt Willis, 39, have been married since 2008 and share three children. As their eldest Isabelle is turning 13, Matt has explained why his daughter especially is banned from all social media. Matt and Emma have tried their best to bring their children up with their own unique parenting style. The former Busted singer explained in a recent interview why he has banned his daughters from social media, having gone cold turkey himself. Matt was asked how he deals with the topic of social media with his eldest child. He said on the Sweat, Snot & Tears podcast: "Well we've kind of just had to say no for a while because we watch The Social Dilemma and docs about it. READ MORE: Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids "I can't see much good from it for kids. I can't see why, I can see lots of why not's. "The only reason is because your friends do and I did a lot of things my friends did and I now regret it. Not really a good enough argument for me." Matt then admitted he knows the struggle it must be for his daughter as the "only one" without any online accounts. He continued: "She is the only girl in her class that doesn't have it and I can understand that. I can understand what she's going through. "At the moment we are still staying strong and keeping to it. "When she gets to 14/15 it's unavoidable. At some point we will cross that bridge when it comes to it. "As much as she wants it she understands why we don't let her. We are still managing at the moment to stay strong." Matt himself has no social media now and admitted the only part he struggles with is "having no idea what anyone is talking about". DON'T MISS... Joan Collins, 89, gives busty display in shorts on holiday- [INSTAGRAM] Lorraine Kelly shares tips for 'dead easy' 1.5 stone weight loss [HEALTH] Alicia Keys loved-up with husband as she shows off natural beauty [PICS] It was also revealed in 2020 that the couple have banned their children from eating McDonalds. He said on the When No One's Watching podcast: "My kids have never had McDonald's. It is the one thing they’ve never had and they’ll never have it. "It is the one thing we have been like, 'Do you know what, I don’t want you thinking that is food. Plus you are going to get to an age where you eat it all the time. "I know that at the moment when I can control what you eat I am not going to let you eat that stuff'." The couple have also been praised for "breaking gender stereotypes" with their children. The Voice UK host shared a picture for Children's Mental Health Week of the back of her three children, each showing their own style. She also shared a snap of her son Ace in the kitchen wearing a pink T-shirt, while showing off his long hair. Emma captioned the post: "My little style icon (Ace, not Matt)." She later told Good Morning Britain: "He loves colour, he's always had long hair. "He's a very free and open-minded boy who doesn't really, well, he's like, 'Why do I have to dress in green, blue or grey if I like pink, red, purple?'"