Raising Kanan is back for a second run and this time fans will find out exactly what Detective Howard has been hiding. Revealing his secret to Kanan will change the titular character’s world forever and bring with it a host of new problems for Raq’s son. Starring ​​Mekai Curtis, the next instalment of Raising Kanan will follow the young son of criminal boss Raquel ‘Raq’ Thomas as he navigates the city’s underbelly. Running a drug enterprise puts a strain on the featured family but Raq will stop at nothing to maintain her close bond with her son. However, dealing drugs isn't the only challenge Kanan has to face this season. A secret exposed will turn the character’s world upside down and force him to rely on Detective Howard to keep him from behind bars. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Set in the early 1990’s, the third series in the “Power” Universe centres around the origin story of Kanan Stark and his entry into the criminal world through his mother. Raquel ‘Raq’ Thomas ruthlessly runs the family’s drug empire and is played by award winning actress, Patina Miller. Picking up in season two, the matriarch has gained control over the city’s drug trade, but is slowly losing her son in the process. Kanan returns to Queens debating his future with the family business and worrying about his past due to an unknown secret. The main character goes in search of the truth and demands to know the secret Detective Howard is keeping. The main character goes in search of the truth and demands to know the secret Detective Howard is keeping. Meanwhile, Raq boldly expands the business into hostile Mafia territory and is left to deal with the fallout. Balancing family with business, Raq battles Lou-Lou as his emerging record label threatens the overall expansion. In general, feeling the pressure tug at her family ties, Raq also faces wavering staff members in the likes of Although Marvin as he struggles to earn Jukebox’s forgiveness and become the father she deserves. DON'T MISS...Raising Kanan season 2 theory: Kanan to cause Raq death as star hints [THEORY]Raising Kanan's Omar Epps lands huge new role away Starz drama [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan star Patina Miller 'upset' with Raq Thomas scene [INSIGHT] The new run will see Detective Howard take up his position as Kanan’s birth father as the long kept secret is revealed. Despite Raq’s failed efforts to have him killed in season one, Howard may be the key to keeping her son out of prison. Stunned to learn the truth about Kanan’s parentage, fans couldn’t believe the news on hearing who Kanan’s father was and so they anticipate the character will echo their own reaction when he finds out for himself. Always assuming it was the late gangster Def Con Stark, Kanan has no idea his father is not who he thinks he is.  Season one revealed Def Con was hiding his sexuality and using Raq as his beard. As a result, Raq fell for Detective Howard as a teen. However, he lied to her and was actually an undercover cop in his twenties. It was something Raq has never forgiven Malcolm for. Providing context for the long-running feud between Kanan’s real parents, Detective Howard and Raq entered a relationship when the latter was just a teenager. Lying to her about his true identity, Howard was in fact an undercover cop and Raq was never able to forgive him for his deceit. The hit crime drama “Power Book III: Raising Kanan” is premiering August 14 with new weekly episodes available on Sundays on the STARZPLAY premium streaming platform.