Susan (played by Jackie Woodburne) and Karl (Alan Fletcher) were left horrified at the end of Tuesday's episode of Neighbours as they discovered all their friends were moving away from Ramsay Street. With the Robinsons moving to New York, Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) moving to River Bend, Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) selling and the Rodwells also moving on, it seemed there was going to be no one left. The Channel 5 soap's final ever episode will be broadcast this Friday and it seems everyone is leaving so it could be every single character will depart for pastures new, including the Kennedys. Chloe Brennan (April Rose Pengilly) kick-started the exodus when she returned to Ramsay Street after seeing her family in Adelaide. With Number 24 on the market, it wasn't long before everyone else turned to Paige Brennan (Olympia Valance) to help them with their sales. Unfortunately, no one told Susan and Karl about their decisions and this made it harder for them to contemplate living on Ramsay Street with strangers. Over the years since they were introduced, the Kennedys have become friends and enemies with many families but they always thought the Rebecchis and the Robinsons would stay. This could give them food for thought as they think about whether they should go to live with their children away from Erinsborough. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Although their eldest, Malcolm Kennedy (Benjamin McNair) has recently returned and told them he was going to move to Ramsay Street, it's his new girlfriend, Izzy Hoyland (Natalie Bassingthwaighte), who has caused the couple problems. They have been unsettled by the fact the woman who almost ruined their marriage on several occasions would be living next door. Therefore, this could give them an incentive to go and see their other children in different parts of Australia and the world. After discovering a house was for sale on their travels, they could decide to move there to begin a new chapter of their life. Despite having fond memories of Ramsay Street, they also have a lot of ghosts from their past which has caused them more than enough grief over the years. Could it be the Kennedys are finally going to leave Erinsborough and will they get their happy-ever-after? The actress who plays Susan, Jackie, has spoken out about the show coming to an end and how she felt filming the finale. Jackie commented: "I’ve lived with her for so long and been through so much with her. I feel like I’ve been her guardian and while she’s been living her life, I’ve kept watch. "I’ve tried to keep her authentic, made tweaks to her character to keep her within the parameters of what the audience wanted her to be and what was truthful. "And now I really miss her," the soap actress continued to explain in an interview with Radio Times, having become the longest-serving female cast member on the show. DON'T MISS...Alan Fletcher health: Neighbours star on his 'serious' condition [COMMENT]'Spellbound' Neighbours' Dr Karl Alan Fletcher teases last episode [INTERVIEW]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher unveils extravagant gift from Margot Robbie [COMMENT] Asked what Neighbours means to her, the actress added: "For me personally, obviously, it's been the biggest chunk of my professional life. "I've made relationships with people that are so specific. The relationship that I have with [Alan Fletcher] is completely unique, and unlike any other in my life. "But no less precious because it's a working relationship. "It is so unique. In the bigger picture, I think to be able to tell uniquely Australian stories, but that are also universal stories. "I think that will be a real loss. To be able to tell those Australian stories that a universal audience can relate to, I'll be very sad to see that go." Discussing if she could recall her first day on set, Jackie said: "I remember the first day so clearly because it was such a lightning in a bottle day. "We only shot one scene. It was on location in Ramsay Street. It was the family moving in. So, it was the first time the five of us had met, had been all together. "There was this instant click. "This instant banter and rapport. Everybody was giving it back and forth, and we took that connection into the scene. "I think we felt and looked like a family from day one, which is such a difficult thing to accomplish when you're working with strangers." "But somehow the five of us just all got it. We were instantly connected. That was true every day that we worked together," Jackie continued. It could be the end of the line for the Kennedys on Ramsay Street and this would mean there would be no way for them to come back in the future. There have been reports the show could come back one day if a network would want to revive it and if this were to happen, it could be a whole new set of characters. Will Ramsay Street ever be the same without Susan and Karl leading the way? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.