The Queen, 96, owns several horses and they have been central to her life from a very young age. She reportedly had her first riding lesson when she was just three years old. Her Majesty was also given her first pony, the Shetland mare Peggy, by her grandfather King George V on her fourth birthday.  Judi James, a body language expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Queen’s mannerisms when she’s with her horses. She said: “We have seen a limited amount of glimpses of the real Queen behind the working royal. “But those we have often seem to portray her enduring passion for horses. “It’s a relationship she signals openly and spontaneously, with displays of delight when she is with them or an almost childlike excitement when she is watching them race,” the expert added. Judi noted that Her Majesty was seen “riding well into her 90s”. She continued: “The Queen is often seen riding well into her 90s. “This seems to be a ‘non-negotiable’ relationship for her that possibly gives her a source of escape, relaxation and freedom away from her royal duties.” The Queen posed with two white horses for her 96th birthday.  Judi suggested: “Her portrait photo with the two white horses looked so symbolic of this lifelong passion. “Standing between them with a rein in each hand, the Queen looked younger and stronger than he had in other photos around that time. “When she visited the races and spent time chatting from her car, her facial expression of utter delight as she gazed at one of the horses showed the power of the instant ‘mood-raising’ effect they have on her. “Her energy levels appear to be at their highest when she is watching the races, with some constant displays of fun and excitement that never decrease no matter how many years she has been attending.” One of the Queen’s favourite horses was Burmese, a horse presented to her by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in 1969 when they came to perform at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. The Queen rode Burmese via a side-saddle for 18 years at the Trooping the Colour ceremony. Her Majesty is extremely knowledgable about breeding horses and her thoroughbreds have won more than 1,600 races. She also breeds British native Shetlands, Highlands and Fell ponies.  The monarch is currently patron of the British Horse Society, the Fell Pony Society, the Highland Pony Society, the Shire Horse Society, the Welsh Pony and Cob Society and the Thoroughbred Breeders’ Association. She also seemingly chose the Royal Windsor Horse Show over the State Opening of Parliament in 2022. This showed her deep passion for horses and animals in general. ‘The Queen's Horses: Inside the Royal Stables’ is airing tonight at 7pm on Channel 5. 