A Russian TV host has launched into a conspirational rant in support of Donald Trump amid the US Congressional hearing into the former president's role in the Capitol Hill riots on January 6. President Trump has ignored Republican calls to avoid repeating his false election claims but was cheered on by Popov who branded the US presidential election as "fake, unfair, falsified." Popov told Russia1: "A Shameful scandal is heating up in America. "Where Biden wants to charge Trump, who is supposedly an agent of Putin. "The Department of Justice opened a criminal case against our own Donald Trump, writes The Washington Post. "They're investigating Trump's actions before the storming of the Capitol last January and his attempts to nullify the outcome of a fake, unfair, falsified US presidential election. "They're trying to pull it off by the midterms, in order to put Trump behind bars by November. "Otherwise, the Democrats have no chance of winning. "So the Democrats have decided to eliminate their biggest competitor - our Trump." The January 6 committee is trying to build a case that Trump's efforts to overturn his defeat by Democrat Joe Biden in November 2020 constitute dereliction of duty and illegal conduct, rendering him unfit to return to the White House.   Last week, the Congressional committee depicted President Trump as ignoring pleas of family and aides to intervene as he watched his supporters on live TV attack the seat of Congress for hours in a failed bid to stop certification of his loss. Trump dismissed the panel as "hacks and thugs." "They really want to damage me so I can no longer go back to work for you. And I don't think that's going to happen," Trump said. Trump remains the leading figure in the Republican Party. DON'T MISS: MPs warn energy package support needed as price cap forecasts worsen [WATCH]'Most contagious Covid variant yet' explodes in UK, calls for curbs [LISTEN]Horror as police cordon off road as forensics on the scene [INSIGHT] But while he flirts with a 2024 presidential run, his standing has weakened slightly, with some 40 percent of Republicans saying he is at least partly to blame for the January 6 riot compared with 33 percent in a poll conducted as the hearings got underway six weeks ago, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. Waning popularity could encourage potential rivals to run, including Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, who is among those manoeuvring for possible Republican primary challenges in 2024. Signs of new momentum have emerged in a US Justice Department probe into the Capitol assault and an alleged scheme by Trump allies to overturn the election with fake electors. Former top Pence aide Marc Short last week became the highest profile official to appear before a federal grand jury investigating the two issues. READ NEXT: Terrifying fire rages above treetops as thick smoke cloud appearsTruss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency lawBrexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HEREJames Cleverly blames NOT Brexit but French: NEVER part of Schengen