Newcastle are preparing a fresh transfer bid for James Maddison after Leicester rejected a £40million offer for the midfielder, according to reports. The Magpies will renew their efforts to sign the England international in the final week of pre-season. Eddie Howe has endured a frustrating transfer window, despite welcoming £60m worth of additions. He is yet to strengthen his attacking options having been turned down by several forward targets. And the Saudi-backed Newcastle board have attempted to remedy that issue ahead of the new season by pursuing Leicester star Maddison. The attacking midfielder's excellent form last season went slightly under the radar. The 25-year-old scored 18 goals and provided a further 12 assists across all competitions, despite Brendan Rodgers' side having a below-par campaign overall. Newcastle were clearly impressed by his performances and have made a ground-breaking offer. JUST IN: Ronaldo confirms Man Utd return date after Atletico trip snub According to the Daily Telegraph, a £40m bid submitted on Friday has been rejected by Leicester. Newcastle are considering making a fresh proposal that could make him the club's most expensive player. The £40m capture of Joelinton under former owner Mike Ashley remains the biggest fee Newcastle have ever paid for a player. Under the stewardship of Amanda Staveley and the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund (PIF) their biggest deal is the £37m spent on classy midfielder Bruno Guimaraes in January. Leicester have rejected the bid for Maddison - who Sky Sports claim they value at £60m - despite needing to sell players in order to fund their own business, the report continues. Leicester are the only Premier League club yet to make a senior signing and need cash to avoid Financial Fair Play issues. DON'T MISS...Arsenal snubbed by Paqueta as star 'prefers' two Premier League rivalsNewcastle 'tracking Brazilian wonderkid' with £50m release clauseLiverpool and Newcastle scouting wonderkid but Chelsea may get chance  Star defender Wesley Fofana is also the subject of transfer interest from elsewhere having recovered from the broken leg that limited his appearances last season. Chelsea are widely reported to be hopeful of completing a move for the France U21 centre-back. Meanwhile, Newcastle have failed to strengthen their attack despite it being of pressing concern. Howe admitted frustration with the club’s transfer business on Friday, saying: "I probably wouldn’t have hoped to have been in that situation but that’s the transfer window. "I think there is a slight frustration but not aimed at anyone from our side. It’s just an understanding of the window and the mechanics that go into making transfers happen. "There’s a frustration that you want to build your team and get the cohesive nature working quickly. We hope we can do something but I think we’ve shown tonight we do have strength in depth."