Lee Tipping, 37, subjected husband and wife Patricia Livesey, 56, and Anthony Tipping, 60, to "savage and extreme" violence in their own home. A court heard Tipping stabbed his dad at least 131 times before turning the knife on his frail mum and inflicting at least 153 stab and slash wounds to her six-stone body. He even washed the kitchen knife afterwards, and put it in his father's lifeless hand. Tipping was sentenced to life in jail today with a minimum of 27 years. It was argued at Preston Crown Court that Tipping acted in self-defence against his father but, after careful deliberation, the jury dismissed Tipping's claims and found him guilty of two counts of murder. The killer showed no emotion as he was led to the cells to begin his sentence, reports Lancs Live. Sentencing evil Tipping, The Honorary Mr Justice Goose said: "You took no medication in August and September and could see your mental health was declining. Your mother suspected you had stopped taking your meds. "On November 19, your parents returned home at 11pm. An argument had taken place about a broken door and you picked up a knife. "I am sure the knife was not picked up by your father but by you. "The violence was savage and extreme. "When your mother tried to intervene you turned on her. It is particularly disturbing that after both were dead you inflicted further violence." The jury had heard how Tipping lost control in the family home in High Walton, Lancashire, and "hacked" his parents to death in November 2021. It happened after a row about a broken door and Tipping's failure to take medication. But many of Anthony Tipping's 131 knife wounds - including "unusual" injuries to the dad's eyes and genitals, were caused after death. The killer left the bodies to fester as he fled to Manchester Airport in an attempt to leave the country, but panicked when he saw armed police and tried to check into a Premier Inn in Manchester city centre. The jobless loner was arrested there and detained under the Mental Health Act before being charged with the murders of his parents.   During the trial at Preston Crown Court, Tipping claimed his dad was a bully and both he and his mum had left him alone in the house frequently when he was a child. But the jury and judge rejected these allegations. Mr Goose continued: "In your evidence, you said your father was a bully and you did not feel supported by your mother. "I reject as untrue that your father was a bully. I also reject that you received any less than the best of care from your parents. "The murders have caused immeasurable pain to family and friends. Your conviction means I must impose a sentence of life on both counts. I must then assess the minimum term before you can apply for release. "The police found the bodies of your mother and father. Patricia was towards the top of the stairs with a minimum of 162 wounds. Anthony was in the bathroom with 165 wounds. "The knife had been washed by you and replaced in Anthony's hand. "You made attempts albeit unsuccessful, to leave the country. "You had lived with your parents all your life apart from two periods when you were an inpatient in a mental health unit. On your return home, you took your medication and were cared for lovingly by your parents."  Andrew Ford QC, representing Tipping, requested in court the judge would temper his sentence to whatever degree he feels able to due to Tipping's mental health condition. Mr Ford QC says Tipping is now taking medication as prescribed. He will now have to live with his condition on his own. He has lost the good people who cared for him, Mr Ford QC added. 