  Brooklyn Beckham has been binned as Superdry’s brand ambassador just eight months after he secured a reported £1 million for the pleasure. Brooklyn was set up as the face of the high street brand, before being unceremoniously axed after less than a year.      Brooklyn, 23, was publicly dumped by Superdry, as the fashion retailer released a very cold statement about the decision. A spokesperson for the brand explained they had chosen to find new people to collaborate with just months after praising Brooklyn as a brand ambassador. The eldest child of David and Victoria Beckham was announced as the face of Superdry last November, before the deal came to an abrupt end this month. A representative for Superdry told the Mail on Sunday: “We always review the ambassadors who feature in our campaigns and decided to work with a different range of talent.” READ MORE: Christine McGuinness 'lost' as she admits 'today was a heartbreaker'     Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Brooklyn for comment. These comments hugely contrast with the glowing endorsement Brooklyn received when he was first named brand ambassador. Last year, a spokesperson from the company said: “To have the endorsement of Brooklyn is a testament to what we’re doing as a brand. “As a business, we want to effect positive change for present and future generations, a generation that Brooklyn is speaking to.”      The deal reportedly involved Brooklyn promoting Superdry via his social media channels and posing in its clothing. The model and photographer has over 14 million followers on Instagram and has plenty of connections due to his famous family. He attended a party at Supderdry’s flagship store in London last winter, doing his part for the brand as he enjoyed the festivities on Oxford Street. Brooklyn made headlines in April when he married billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [LATEST] Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [NEWS] Carol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband [NEWS]     The pair tied the knot in a stunning Palm Beach wedding, which reportedly cost millions. Brooklyn’s parents Victoria and David attended their eldest child’s Florida nuptials alongside a host of other high-profile celebrities. The pair also share sons Romeo, 19, Cruz, 17 and daughter Harper, 11. Nicola and Brooklyn began dating in 2019, with Brooklyn popping the question to the glamorous model less than a year later.      Nicola is also an actress, and has starred in roles both on the big and small screen. She made her acting debut in 2006 Christmas film Deck the Halls, but is most well known for her roles in TV series Bates Motel (2013 to 2015) and the 2014 film Transformers: Age of Extinction. Like Brooklyn, Nicola comes from a big family, with one sister, three brothers and three half-brothers. Her father is Nelson Peltz, a billionaire businessman and the non-executive chairman of Wendy's Company, Sysco, and The Madison Square Garden Company.   