As the housing crisis ensues, more is being done by local authorities to crack down on second homes. Organisations are doing their bit too. One of the country’s biggest building societies has said it has stopped lending to second homeowners, concentrating instead on first-time buyers. Leeds Building Society is the first major lender in Britain to refuse to give second homeowners mortgages. The building society withdrew its six pre-existing second home mortgages last night, July 29. But it will continue to lend on buy-to-let properties and second homes. The news comes the Government continues to clamp down on second homes across the country. READ MORE: How to make your garden quieter - 7 ways to block out noisy neighbours Local authorities will soon be able to double council tax bills on additional properties not in use or let out for at least 70 days per year. This is in a bit to avoid empty holiday homes throughout the UK, which may be contributing to rising house prices and young people being forced out of their local communities. Leeds Building Society wants to try to alleviate this crisis by focusing on helping first-time buyers onto the property ladder. The organisation’s chief executive, Richard Fearon, said second homes were “not compatible” with helping more people purchase their first mortgage. DON'T MISS: All year-round scented plants - 14 fragrant plants to grow in your garden [IDEAS]‘Will scorch them’ How to avoid making your houseplants ‘unhappy’ [INSIGHT]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [TIPS] Mr Fearon continued: “Second homes reduce the number of properties available for people to live in at a time when housing supply in the UK is inadequate to meet demand and needs to be increased. “Any home other than a main residence usually lies empty most of the time, which does not serve the local community or contribute to the local economy.” Although the Government’s tax and policy clampdown will be implemented soon, Mr Fearon added that this had not influenced the building society’s decision to pull its second home mortgages. He said: “It was a successful part of the business for us and so stopping lending on second homes was a big decision. “But ultimately it was not in keeping with our purpose as a building society to help first-time buyers.” Some local authorities have already introduced plans to decrease the number of second homes in their villages. In Wales, the maximum level at which local councils can set council tax premiums on second homes will rise from 100pc to 300pc in April 2023. According to Stats Wales, a total of 23,974 of second homes in the country paid council tax in 2022. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There was also 22,140 of empty homes. Second homes and holiday lets are being blamed for pushing first-time buyers out of their local communities because they cannot find – or afford – anywhere to live. Earlier this month, the Big Issue found that Padstow in Cornwall was the top UK resort with the most holiday listings per rental listings, with 789. Anglesey in North Wales was the second on the list, while villages in Cornwall and Devon filled the rest of the top 10. The publication’s research found only three places to rent in Anglesey on Rightmove, while there were 2,116 holiday let listings in June this year.