Marlon (played by Mark Charnock) has had a turbulent few months on Emmerdale, having suffered from a stroke earlier this year. Rhona (Zoe Henry) has been at his side throughout, coming up with rotas for people to care for her partner whilst she's at work and also looking after the couple's two children. Unfortunately, her efforts could have all been in vain as it seems her husband-to-be will get closer to another villager in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Marlon and Rhona are preparing for their wedding, which is taking place next month. This has all been accelerated because Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) stuck her nose in and got the church secured for August. It seems the impact of his stroke is still playing heavily on Marlon's mind, however, as he feels distant from his former self. Someone else who has had their life changed immeasurably in the past year is Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade), who suffered burns to her skin in the maze fire. Unfortunately, the businesswoman is now critical of the way she looks and she struggles to see how beautiful she is regardless of her scars. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit With the two characters struggling with their own personal battles, they end up talking about what's playing on their minds. The pair have not had too many scenes together in the past but it seems they bond over their shared struggles with themselves. This is something Marlon is unable to do with his partner, Rhona, as she isn't going through something so life-changing at the moment. In fact, his conversation with Priya enables Marlon to pass a new milestone he hasn't managed to achieve in his record thus far. Seeing his friendship with Priya as something which can give him strength, Marlon could end up spending more time with her. As their bond grows, the two characters could realise they are starting to develop feelings for each other as they understand what the other is going through. In the lead-up to his wedding to Rhona, Marlon could end up kissing Priya as he is unable to deny his feelings any longer. The kiss could be reciprocated, with the businesswoman wanting to go beyond the realms of a friendship with Marlon. There has never been any indication in the past these two could end up together but their struggles could see them start an affair. On his wedding day, Marlon could be filled with guilt as he knows in good conscience he cannot marry Rhona after betraying her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] Confessing his sins, Marlon could be left heartbroken when Rhona calls off the wedding and finally walks out on him, telling Priya she is more than welcome to him. Priya has had numerous relationships during her time in the village but this could be the messiest romance she has found herself a part of. Tearing a family in two, will the businesswoman stick by Marlon's side or walk away from him as she is unable to help him? Whatever happens, it seems Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) gets some good news next week as he discusses the wedding with Marlon. Still needing a best man, Marlon asks his best friend and Rhona's former lover if he will be by his side on the wedding day. Paddy happily agrees to take on the role but will he have to do some damage control when the affair is exposed on the couple's big day? The actor who plays Marlon, Mark, has previously spoken out on the future of the storyline as his character continues on his long road to recovery. Asked about his character's recovery, Mark explained: "As it should be really. We're really lucky to work in a genre where we can tell a story day by day - you almost feel like you see it in real-time. "It's been an amazing journey. The best thing about the journey has been raising awareness. "The response, with people sharing stories on social media, has been overwhelming," he said in an interview with RadioTimes.com. The actor added: "We've done tonnes of research. I personally was quite nervous about getting it right. "It felt like a big responsibility to survivors and family members. I've been nervous but it's been really rewarding." Only time will tell if Marlon stays loyal to Rhona or not but if he does betray her, it seems Mary could go into proactive mode. Some viewers have theorised in the past she could be a killer so will she murder Marlon for having an affair with neighbour Priya? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.