The couple had an evening out together after Prince Harry's speech at the UN on Nelson Mandela Day. The royal couple was spotted leaving the Italian restaurant Locanda Verde in the Lower Manhattan area of New York City. The Duchess of Sussex paired her outfit with a Cartier Tank watch, which once belonged to Princess Diana.   The Duchess of Sussex wore a stylish black and white jumpsuit last night while out to dinner with Harry and friends. Megan accessorised with black stilettos, a red clutch, and gold earrings alongside her wedding band and $350,000 (£291,000) engagement ring. Harry wore a navy blue shirt with black denim jeans alongside grey suede trainers. The couple had a fun night out after Harry gave a speech at the UN, in which he spoke about his love for Africa and his mother Princess Diana.    Prince Harry gave a special shout-out to his mother the Princess of Wales in his UN speech. The Duke spoke about a picture taken in 1997 of South African president Nelson Mandela and Princess Diana, referring to the image “on my wall and in my heart every day.” He says the photo was given to him by Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The royal said: “When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out is the joy on my mother’s face. The playfulness - cheekiness, even. “The pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity. [Mandela was] still able to see the goodness in humanity, still buoyant with a beautiful spirit that lifted everyone around him.” The Duke said that the anti-apartheid activist was “beaming” despite the hardships Nelson Mandela had endured. Harry said of the South African President: “[He was] still able to see the goodness in humanity, still buoyant with a beautiful spirit that lifted everyone around him.” READ MORE: Prince Harry 'very, very nervous' with public speaking notes expert In his address, the Duke of Sussex spoke of his love of Africa since his first visit to the continent at age 13 and that he has visited several times. He stated: “For most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I found peace and healing time and time again.” He added it was a place he has found comfort in while dealing with grief. Continuing, the royal father of two said: “It's where I felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife.” READ MORE:Americans 'furious' at Prince Harry as Duke's speech to UN 'backfires' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'kind and caring' as she rushes to help coughing woman [REPORT]Prince Harry agreed to UN speech 'for Netflix' [REVEAL]  Harry and Meghan have travelled to Africa many times throughout their relationship, which includes a visit to Botswana when they first started dating. The Duke called Africa his “second home” and he has made many trips to do conservation work in the area with rhinos and elephants. Prince Harry spoke about their trip together saying he managed to persuade Meghan to join him in Botswana: “We camped out with each other under the stars. She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic.” The trip was significant to the couple as the Duke of Sussex chose a diamond from Botswana as a centrepiece for Meghan’s engagement ring. The engagement stone was also lined with two smaller diamonds that had belonged to Princess Diana. 