Homes Under the Hammer presenter Jacqui Joseph visited a flat in Battersea, close to Central London. She said: “Well this might look like a residential area but Clapham Junction Station is a mere five minute walk away with all its neighbouring shops, bars and restaurants. The property I’m here to see is through these gates and it is in a block.” The flat was situated on the first floor and it had one bedroom with a guide price of £210,000 plus. Upon entering the property, Jacqui showed viewers around the small home. She said: “There is a decent-sized hallway and central heating, that’s great. “Then you’ve got the bathroom here. There is serious damp. I’d definitely obviously get that looked at. “While you’re at it, a new bathroom suite too.” Unlike some properties featured on the property show, this flat was liveable and had lovely wood flooring throughout. READ MORE: Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences The bedroom was a good size, with a radiator underneath a large window. Jacqui added: “[The living room] is a decent size. As I look up though, more signs of damp. It looks like it’s dried up, could be historic.” The kitchen led off the living area and had a huge amount of cupboard space. The flat even came with its own parking space, desirable for Battersea. Who purchased the home when it went to auction? The lucky buyer was Arjun, who paid £250,000 for the property. DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart's private life with wife Penny in Essex countryside [INSIGHT]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [WARNING]Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [COMMENT] Visiting Jacqui at the flat, he said it was his very first home purchase. He said: “I thought the price was pretty low for the location, a commuter’s dream. It’s in pretty good nick. “So the bathroom will get a completely fresh set, get rid of the bath. “The kitchen I’m going to freshen up too, and the rest of it needs a lick of paint.” Arjun had a budget of £15,000 to £20,000 for the work and said he would get contractors in to do the work. Homes Under the Hammer revisited the homeowner later in the show to see the transformation. READ MORE: Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ Inside the walls had been painted and the skirting boards replaced. The doors had also been sanded and painted white. The living room had been given a freshen up, keeping with the natural grey paint running throughout the home. This theme also continued into the kitchen where stylish new cupboards and worktops had been installed. In the bathroom, a shower had been fitted with a new sink and toilet, offering a little more space than when it had a bath. In the end, Arjun ended up spending just under £20,000, within his budget. A local estate agent visited the home to share what the flat could now be worth. He said: “Having had a look at the flat, I feel the changes have enhanced the value of the property quite significantly. “It’s a nice finish throughout with neutral colours, natural finishes. “By and large, it’s a vast improvement. “In the current market, the property could achieve somewhere between £400,000 and £425,000.” The use of natural colours is attractive for buyers and renters alike as they are calming, fresh and lets people see the potential of a room. Grey, white and cream are all colours which work well in properties. The higher price means Arjun has increased the flat’s value by a huge £175,000.