Christian Horner has claimed Red Bull are “appalled” by Nelson Piquet's comments about Lewis Hamilton days after their own race row. Horner said he was “fully behind” Lewis Hamilton after the incident and that the team were against forms of discrimination. It comes days after Red Bull junior driver Juri Vips was suspended from the team after making his own racist comments. The Red Bull boss was speaking to Sky Sports F1 when he was asked why Red Bull did not put out a statement like other teams condemning Piquet’s comments ahead of Silverstone. Horner replied: “First of all we are appalled at Nelson’s comments, this is from an interview from some time ago, but we obviously had an incidence with one of our young drivers at the end of last week. And we took very definitive action where he made a racist comment so we took action and immediately removed him from the team. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton racism storm intensifies with ANOTHER Piquet slur “So we had put out a statement about Juri and then this one comes out and we felt we’d made a very strong statement through action of actually dripping Juri from the team, from not in any way condoning any form of racism and discrimination.” He added: “Of course, we are fully behind Lewis, we are fully signed up to the Hamilton Commission and we felt actions sometimes talk louder than words. And the action we took with Juri, which obviously was draconian but in line with the policy we have.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton using Piquet racism storm as 'fuel' for Silverstone [COMMENT]Bernie Ecclestone in fresh attack on Lewis Hamilton over racism row [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes bold ‘not a racist’ defence of Nelson Piquet [ANALYSIS] Vips was sacked as Red Bull’s test and reserve driver after he made a racist remark playing video games ahead of the British Grand Prix. Red Bull's statement said the team "do not condone any form of racism”. It said: “Following its investigation into an online incident involving Juri Vips, Oracle Red Bull Racing has terminated Juri's contract as its test & reserve driver. The team do not condone any form of racism." However, Vips Formula 2 team has not suspend the Estonian’s contract meaning he will be in action at Silverstone this weekend. Piquet has been banned from entering the F1 paddock after his comments about Hamilton. The three-time champion was also barred from the British Grand Prix by the British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC), who warned his Honorary membership would also be terminated. 