Manchester United have been encouraged to use wantaway Cristiano Ronaldo as a makeweight for other transfer targets. The Portugal captain sent shockwaves through the footballing world after it was revealed that he had asked to leave Old Trafford should another club make a suitable bid for his services. Ronaldo was United’s top scorer last season after finding the net 24 times in all competitions. The Red Devils will therefore need to source a new option in order to replace the legendary attacker’s attacking output. A swap deal could therefore be a prudent strategy for the 20-time Premier League winners allowing the striker to leave while also immediately sourcing his replacement. Here Express Sport looks at the potential options available to Erik ten Hag. Chelsea are one of the clubs credited with a serious interest in signing Ronaldo with new owner Todd Boehly keen to make a marquee signing in order to kickstart the beginning of his reign at the club. A swap deal for Werner could work for both parties. The German’s move to Chelsea has not worked out and he has struggled for confidence scoring just 23 times in 89 appearances. However, his form at previous club RB Leipzig proved there is a seriously impressive player there, netting 93 times in 158 games. He is still young at 26 years old and has the potential to resurrect his career in the North-West. However, it is likely that the forward would cost money in addition to Ronaldo in a move that would prove seriously unpopular within the Old Trafford faithful. This alone may neuter any chance of a deal. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo next club: Four teams Man Utd striker could quit Old Trafford for The Poland captain has made it clear that he intends to leave Bayern Munich in the summer after an eight-year stint at the Allianz Arena. The Bundesliga champions have been credited with an interest in Ronaldo as a result and could be tempted to bring him to Bavaria. A swap deal may be the best option for all parties, allowing both teams to replace their outgoing frontmen with a guaranteed stream of goals. The switch is likely to be one that would have the backing of supporters from both teams. While a swap would appear to work for both teams on paper, Lewandowski may not be as accommodating. The 33-year-old is believed to be holding out for a move to Barcelona and is unlikely to consider a contract at Old Trafford at this time. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline Napoli are reportedly interested in signing Ronaldo and have a proven history of signing the world’s biggest stars having signed Diego Maradonna from Barcelona in the 1980s. Should they try to complete the feat again today then United may look to include Oshimen as part of the deal. The young Nigerian is one of the most sought-after strikers in football with the potential to become a world-class attacker. However, it is highly unlikely the Italian side would be prepared to part with one of their most promising talents to sign a 37-year-old and hence any swap deal is likely to be a non-starter. PSG are always on the lookout for big-name stars and could look to finally bring Lionel Messi and Ronaldo together in the same side. United could therefore offer the Portugal skipper as a makeweight for the Brazil superstar in a move that would be popular within the Reds' support. PSG are said to be happy to let the player leave and ten Hag could take advantage of the situation. However, age may once again be an issue with the Ligue 1 champions unlikely to give up the 30-year-old in order to sign someone seven years his senior. This may be the most difficult obstacle the Premier League side have to overcome in order to use Ronaldo to claim other targets.