Boris Johnson had faced a hurricane of MP and ministerial resignations this week that threatened to bring down his crumbling Government and Conservative Party. The Prime Minister had desperately tried to defy his critics, insisting he had no intention of stepping down and even suggesting recently he was considering leading Britain into the 2030s. But on Thursday, he finally caved to the intense pressure and after a massive 59 MP and ministerial resignations, announced in a speech outside Number 10 he would be quitting. Now a hilarious picture of a fed-up-looking Prince Harry in conversation with Mr Johnson has resurfaced - and people have wasted no time in brutally mocking it. The picture, taken at the UK-Africa Investment Summit in London on January 20, 2020 during an interaction between the pair, shows a bemused Harry watch on as the smiling Prime Minister stands in front of him with his arms outstretched. Royal Family commentator Omid Scobie first tweeted the picture on that same day two-and-a-half years ago, writing: "Just going to leave this picture here..." Mr Scobie reposted a screenshot of that tweet just hours after Mr Johnson's resignation on Thursday, simply writing: LERL", which is another way of writing "lol". Twitter users wasted no time in mocking the picture, with "Mary Frank" (@Fran_Neena20409) writing: "A picture is indeed worth a £billion." She accompanied this with two laughing emojis. "Official Brazen Hussy (@meghaven247) said: "Hazza's expression is all of us, while "Kaheina3009" (@kaheina3009) commented: "Harry’s face said it all!" Twitter user "ae" (@SussexOrnothing): "I remember this photo lol. Harry was looking like 'this man is a clown'." "Christine" (@ksk_pamuk) added: "Look at the state of Boris tho. How could anyone look at him with a straight face?" READ MORE: Kate braced for very embarrassing and 'awkward' Wimbledon moment Another picture of Harry and Boris from that event in January 2020 shows the Prime Minister with clenched fist in front of him - possibly preparing for a fist-bump - as a smiling Duke of Sussex stands with his hands by his side. A number of other pictures show the pair in deep conversation. The photo of Harry and Mr Johnson was a rare one as members of the Royal Family and senior politicians are not often pictured interacting with each other in public. The Prime Minister was hosting the event in January 2020, where he and the Duke of Sussex had a 20-minute private “catch-up”, without aides present. DON'T MISSKay Burley mocks Angela Rayner over beergate [VIDEO]Keir Starmer has blood on his hands as Labour ‘killed’ Brexit deal [COMMENTS]Let him finish Brexit! Brits slam 'backstabbing' MPs – tell PM to STAY [REACTION] It was one of Harry's last royal engagements before he stepped down as a working member of the Royal Family. Buckingham Palace also revealed at the time he had also met Saadeddine Othmani, the Prime Minister of Morocco, Arthur Peter Mutharika, the President of Malawi, and Filipe Nyusi, the President of Mozambique. These meetings came two days after the palace announced the terms of the so-called Megxit deal, agreed by the Sussexes and the Queen. It was stated that, while retaining their HRH style, Meghan Markle and Harry would no longer be able to use it after Spring 2020. Other terms also saw the couple forbidden from taking part in any royal engagement or tour abroad on behalf of the Queen. The statement had read: “As agreed in this new arrangement, they understand that they are required to step back from Royal duties, including official military appointments. “They will no longer receive public funds for Royal duties. “With The Queen’s blessing, the Sussexes will continue to maintain their private patronages and associations. “While they can no longer formally represent The Queen, the Sussexes have made clear that everything they do will continue to uphold the values of Her Majesty.”