BBC presenter and former tennis star Sue Barker is set to leave her post as Wimbledon's lead presenter after 30 years in the hot seat at the end of this year's tournament, earning floods of tributes from fans as the competition draws to a close. The question that lies ahead is who will replace Barker as the lead presenter of the famous tournament, with many names being touted for the role. Express Sport takes a look at some potential replacements for the Wimbledon legend, with odds being used from Betfair. Clare Balding - 2/1 Balding is the obvious choice to replace Barker having presented sporting events herself for the past decade. Having covered the Grand National, Royal Ascot, and Sports Personality of the Year awards nationally - alongside the Olympics globally - Balding has a portfolio many could only dream of. The Hampshire-born hero is one of the faces of the BBC, and could fit seamlessly into Barker's shoes should she be afforded the chance. Isa Guha - 5/2 Guha comes in as second-favourite to Balding via the bookies' odds, and rightly so given her meteoric rise in media. The former England cricketer, 37, retired in 2012 and immediately pursued a career at the BBC, where she writes a column and commentators on her former sport. The Wycombe-born rising star could well rival Balding for the role if the BBC decides to bring in a more youthful candidate. Gabby Logan - 10/1 Logan is arguably the most well-known female profile in the media, and has over 25 years of experience. Starting out at Sky in 1996, Logan moved to ITV's Premier League coverage, covering events such as the Champions League and Rugby World Cup. Since then, a flourishing career at the BBC has been where she has made her name - hosting the FA Cup, Match of the Day, Final Score, Six Nations and various athletics competitions. Time will tell whether Logan will take the role. Dan Walker - 12/1 Walker is another who has a superb BBC career, and at the age of just 45, he has years ahead of him if he is to land the role. Having already done work in SW19, he is no stranger to the setup and is a familiar face to those who tune in to Wimbledon year in year out. The Crawley-born legend would be one of the public's most popular choices if he was to take over from Barker. Piers Morgan - 33/1 Surely not...? Morgan is a controversial figure to say the least, although his television presenting skills and history cannot be undermined. The 57-year-old has yet to host a sports event, and time would be running out for him to do so. But with a global background and a memorable face, stranger things have happened.