Naughty Boy has told how his relationship with his mum has "changed for the better" following her dementia diagnosis. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the I'm A Celebrity star, 41, spoke candidly about "the huge responsibility" that is caring for his mum. Naughty Boy, real name Shahid Khan, told how their dynamic has changed since her diagnosis with the disease three years ago. Shahid said: "Having moved in with my mum to care for her, following her diagnosis of vascular dementia, we have become closer than ever - not just physically, but mentally and emotionally. "Our relationship truly has changed for the better." He went on: "She often shares stories of her past, particularly about her younger years and I get to learn new aspects of her life that I never knew before. READ MORE: Rebel Wilson, 42, showcases incredibly trim figure at Wimbledon She recently told me that she used to write poetry in college; she recited one of her poems in Urdu to me – it was really beautiful," the star said. The DJ also candidly spoke about the impact his mum's dementia diagnosis has had on his life. Shahid admitted it is a "huge responsibility", but hailed his family and close friends for their support. He said: "Caring for my mum has been the biggest adjustment in my life. "Having this huge responsibility of looking after this person and ensuring they’re safe and well can be overwhelming at times. "I wouldn’t be able to cope without our live-in carer, as well as the supportive friends and family I have around me," he admitted. Recently, Shahid revealed that his mum has gone through 3 live-in carers who had been employed to support her following her dementia diagnosis. Talking to Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on This Morning, the star spoke honestly about caring for his mum. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton talks 'mischief' behind scenes of Summer On The Farm [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau's Dick talks 'big day' for family after farewell [ANALYSIS]Cliff Richard is in high spirits at Wimbledon's Women's Singles Final [UPDATE] He said: 'It's easy to start thinking like a victim but it's when I started talking that everyone changed. "I'm not alone in this. We have a live-in carer for my mum, for the past three years and before I was Googling dementia, initially we went through 13. "But everyone needs to have that respite because, during Covid I was working from home as well," he explained. Shahid also revealed that his next album will be dedicated to his mum and will be called Heartland. He said: "Mum has always been our favourite person in the world, and that hasn't changed because of her dementia. "She had a stroke five years ago. And vascular dementia is a common side effect of a stroke. Mum's dementia kicked in three years go. "We knew something wasn't right. But until it became official, we just assumed it was something else. But once we knew, then the journey of dementia began. "I made mum the priority and that is something that will last forever. "She knows her son stepped up and I'm glad we are here, she is now in a safe place," he added.