Prince Harry's highly-anticipated memoir book was previously due for release later this year but may now be delayed due to it failing to appear on the list of upcoming releases from its publisher. The reason for the potential delay remains unknown and this has led to speculation as to when it will be released. Speaking on GB News, Daily Express Online's assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth discussed the upcoming memoir and claimed the reason for the delay could be due to potential surprise in the form of 'a big launch'. Ms Forsyth said: "This has been going on for, well, a couple of years now. "It's supposed to be released in autumn". She added: "On the marketing publishing list, we do see the books which are coming out but it's nowhere to be seen". Ms Forsyth, who hosts the Express' weekly Royal Round-Up, said, of the potential delay, that "maybe there's a surprise in there for a big launch, a big Hollywood launch". READ MORE: 'Taking it too far!’ Kate and William given warning over use of Royal Family titles She also notes that the delay could be due to "legalities", adding that because no confirmation has been officially been made, that it "may still go out in autumn". Ms Forsyth said: "I can imagine it's going through with a very very fine-tooth comb. "He [Harry] doesn't want to annoy the Queen too much, she's been through quite a lot ". She added: "We do know that anything he does say, you know, journalists will be all across it". READ MORE: 'She has the legs for it!' Zara Tindall turns heads in mini dress for sister's wedding Harry's new book was announced in July 2021 by publisher Penguin Random House. The publisher said, at the time, that it was “tentatively scheduled for late 2022”. In a statement released at the time of its announcement, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" He claimed that he was "excited" for people to read "a firsthand account" of his life. DON'T MISS Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] In 2020, Harry and Meghan Markle announced they were to step down as senior working royals. They now reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter Lilibet. READ NEXT: