Manchester United remain confident of signing Frenkie de Jong this summer. The Red Devils have agreed a £63million fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old, who is set to be sold as the La Liga giants look to balance their finances. So, with that being the case, Express Sport has decided to get a little creative… Manchester United finally reached an agreement with Barcelona for De Jong on Thursday. That development came after the Red Devils had sent Richard Arnold and John Murtough out to Catalonia in order to broker a deal. So Express Sport have now mocked up some pictures of De Jong showing just how he’d look in their new home shirt. The Netherlands international looks like he suits the jersey, which was recently shown off to the world. During their marketing for the kit, United used the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Jadon Sancho and Harry Maguire to show it off. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings And they also used Cristiano Ronaldo, too, despite the Portugal international wanting to leave Old Trafford behind. He’s frustrated at United’s lack of signings, with Tyrell Malacia still their only new recruit despite their sixth-placed finish last term. Chelsea had previously been frontrunners for Ronaldo but, now, the Blues have ended their interest with Thomas Tuchel pursuing other targets instead. Bayern Munich had also held an interest but Oliver Kahn, speaking recently, ruled out a deal for the 37-year-old. United actually filmed a video with Ronaldo that also included other famous No 7s of the past, such as David Beckham and Eric Cantona. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong But, given his desire to leave the Red Devils, the club have understandably opted against putting it out to the public at the current moment in time. If United do sign De Jong, it could convince Ronaldo they’re ambitious enough to be worthy of his talents. Yet they still can’t offer the veteran a chance to play in the Champions League just yet given they finished sixth last term. They can’t offer De Jong that same bait, either, with the Red Devils due to be strutting their stuff in the Europa League. But United remain confident they can get a deal over the line and that the 25-year-old is open to a new challenge in Manchester. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Ultimately, whether that happens is something only time will tell. But Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp, speaking on Thursday, expressed a belief De Jong would be an exciting signing for the fallen Premier League giants to make. “I’d put him in the top two or three midfielders in the world,” he told Sky Sports on Thursday. “I think he’s an unbelievable signing. “He went to Barcelona it didn’t quite work out, for a number of reasons, but it doesn’t mean he's not an incredible player. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He’s young, and having worked so closely with the manager at Ajax, he’ll play just in front of the back four and he’s the sort of player that’ll make things happen and drive with the ball. “He’s so creative with his passing, got real pace as well, I think he’s going to be an amazing signing for them. “I’m really excited about that for the Premier League.” If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become the latest player to turn out for both the Red Devils and Barcelona. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams over the years.