Three Arsenal players who are keen on exits this summer are not cutting frustrating figures in training, according to reports. In fact, the trio are still 'fully engaged' and are involving themselves in laughter and joking during practice. Hector Bellerin, Bernd Leno and Nicolas Pepe could all leave Arsenal before the window shuts at the end of next month. Bellerin spent last season on loan at Real Betis and would like a permanent move to the club he supported as a boy. Leno wants regular first-team football after losing his spot to Aaron Ramsdale, with a move to Fulham still on the cards. Pepe, meanwhile, has not started a Premier League match since last October. But despite their own grievances, The Athletic claims they are in no way having a negative effect on training. Despite being branded 'unhappy', they did not portray that during the pre-season tour to the USA. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong belief, Ronaldo talks, Arsenal concern  Bellerin first joined Arsenal in 2011 and has made almost 250 appearances for the club. But Betis star Borja Iglesias has confirmed the right-back wants to return to the Spanish club again this season. Iglesias recently told Spanish radio station Onda Cero: “Yes, I miss Hector Bellerin. I’m thinking of doing the crowdfunding we said we would do to get him back. "I come out of training and people ask me if Bellerin is coming, and they tell me that they are starting a piggy bank here to raise money. Bellerin really wants to come back. "He has always said that he wants to play here, what happens is that he has been there for a long time at Arsenal. It is a complicated situation because he has a contract. DON'T MISSArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fracture' as Tomiyasu and Tierney updates givenArsenal include smart clause in Guendouzi and Hutchinson transfersTaylor's Transfers: Arsenal double exit, Scamacca West Ham medical, Broja twist  "I have always said it. I hope he is here as soon as possible because he gives us a lot inside and outside the locker room.” Meanwhile, the Evening Standard claims Arsenal have lowered their asking price for Leno and an £8m move to Fulham is under discussion. The German goalkeeper is keen to play more and earn a spot in his country's World Cup squad later this year. Football.london claimed in May that club-record signing Pepe is keen on leaving this summer. However, he wrote a message on Instagram at the weekend hinting he could stay at the Emirates. The Ivorian wrote: "I worked hard during the summer. Changed lot of things. I'm focused and determined with @arsenal and my team-mates." 