Arsenal youngster Marcelo Flores has signed for Real Oviedo on loan, according to reports. Flores' departure is set to be announced on Wednesday after Oleksandr Zinchenko put pen to paper on his contract to join the Gunners. Arsenal are having a busy summer transfer window yet again. The majority of their business has been with regards to incomings. Zinchenko will become the fifth signing after a fee of up to £32million was agreed with Manchester City. The Ukraine star has left City's pre-season training camp in the USA to join Arsenal's. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says a deal has been completed and the 25-year-old has signed a four-year contract with the Emirates club. Romano tweeted: "Oleksandr Zinchenko has signed his contract as new Arsenal player, valid until June 2026." Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  Shortly after, Romano posted an update on Flores' future. The Mexican is a highly-rated attacking midfielder and has already won three caps for his country despite only being 18. Romano says a loan has been finalised and the youngster will move to Spain with Real Oviedo, who play in the second tier. Romano wrote: "Done deal, signed right now. Arsenal Mexican talent Marcelo Flores will join Real Oviedo on loan deal valid until June 2023. "Paperworks finally completed. Official statement expected today." Flores joined Arsenal from Ipswich in 2019 and has built a growing reputation both at the club and in Mexico. He is yet to make a first-team appearance but was on the bench for the 3-0 loss to Crystal Palace in April. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag changes mind on Antony transfer amid Ronaldo sagaBarcelona anger Sevilla with private Kounde request after Chelsea offer acceptedBarcelona 'will turn to Arsenal star Saliba' if Chelsea win race for centre-back target  Speaking to The Athletic in June, Flores outlined how he was attempting to show his ability to Mikel Arteta at any given opportunity. Asked about the step up to the first-team environment, Flores said: “The change in tempo (is the biggest learning curve). "Any first team is better than any youth team, so just getting the feel of it is good. Especially for a great country like Mexico. "I’m just trying to get used to it and trying to bring what I learn from there here (Arsenal) and vice versa. Mikel Arteta looks for a lot in rising talent and work rate is the most important. "Everything off the pitch comes first and then the work rate comes before talent. But any time I get a chance, I try and show him who I am and how I can help him in the future.” 