Derek Chisora insists he wants Deontay Wilder next after his split decision victory over Kubrat Pulev on Saturday night. The London-based heavyweight snapped a three-fight losing streak this weekend as he out-hustled his Bulgarian foe in their second fight. In 2016, it was Pulev who came away the victor via a fairly comfortable points win -- but the rematch was completely different. A spirited Chisora forced the action throughout as he targeted Pulev’s body in a relentlessly paced fight. After an animated opening two rounds from Chisora, Pulev began to claw his way back into the contest landing his jab at will and forcing his man backwards in a nip and tuck affair. In round seven, Chisora opened up a cut above the Bulgarian’s left eye before creating another three rounds later. Covered in crimson red and clearly feeling the effects of Chisora’s early body work, the 41-year-old bit down on his gumshield and let his hands go. Relying on heart alone an exhausted Chisora responded in kind during the later rounds as he edged out a tight decision with an inspired finish. After the fight, Chisora revealed his plans for the future and called out Wilder who is set to return to the ring this year for the first time since his knockout loss to Fury last October. He said: “I think I last won a fight three years ago. It was hard. Pulev’s a great fighter. I’m happy today. At the same time, I’m sad. I don’t have many left in me, but what I have, I’m gonna give it all to you guys. I don’t have many left. “I don’t want easy fights. I told Eddie [Hearn] the other day, if you can get me the ‘Bronze Bomber’ [Deontay Wilder], I’ll be happy.” Talking ahead of the fight, Hearn told talkSPORT that he believes Chisora should face Wilder or Dillian Whyte next if he beats Pulev. “I always talk about the Deontay Wilder fight and people call me out for that,” he said. “But at the end of the day, Wilder’s going to fight somebody and if Chisora beats Pulev, what are you going to say then? All of a sudden you start talking about him in fights with Joe Joyce, Daniel Dubois, see what happens with AJ and Usyk. Dillian Whyte 3, that’s not a fight I’m looking at, at the moment but all of a sudden if he beats Pulev, Dillian is coming off a defeat to Tyson Fury, why not do number three? “The two fights were two of the best heavyweight fights I’ve ever seen, so number three would also be a cracker. But it’s all about beating Pulev and I think for both guys it’s win or retire.”