Jackman played Wolverine for almost 20 years, from 2000's X-Men to 2017's Logan. The Australian actor has since hung up his claws, sparking fervorous talks about who could possibly take over from the iconic actor. Many stars have been fan-casted in recent years, but nobody has officially revealed any actual information about the next step for the Marvel hero. Until now. Welsh actor Taron Egerton has spoken up about the possibility of becoming the new and improved Wolverine. Egerton made his mark in Hollywood after joining the Kingsman series in 2014. Since then, he wowed audiences with his portrayal of Elton John in the biopic movie Rocketman. The star has also been one of the most popular suggestions to replace Jackman after his tenure as Wolverine came to an end. And now the actor has revealed he has been talking to Marvel about that possibility. Egerton revealed he has "met" with Marvel Studios executives to discuss the role. Included in this meeting was none other than the Marvel boss, Kevin Feige, who oversees the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe. "I don't think it would be wrong to say that," the 32-year-old revealed in a new interview. However, Egerton confessed that he is a little worried about taking on Jackman's signature role. He said: "I'd be excited, but I'd be apprehensive as well because Hugh is so associated with the role that I'd wonder if it'd be very difficult for someone else to do it." READ MORE: 'Just f***ing cast him!' Harry Potter star called on to play Wolverine Egerton's comments come just days after Jackman posted a cryptic photo on Instagram of him staring at his phone. The image only had an embarrassed emoji as a caption. But many fans began sounding off in the comments about how this could be some way related to Wolverine's comeback. Logan's future in the official MCU is still a complete mystery, however. Disney only bought the rights to the X-Men in the past few years, so until very recently Wolverine hanging out with the likes of Spider-Man was not even possible. With Wolverine now firmly back in Marvel's grasp, he will likely make his debut in the MCU in the near future. Egerton addressed this, adding: "Hopefully if it does come around, they'll give me a shot." Logan's arrival is even more likely since the release of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. DON'T MISS...'Just f***ing cast him!' Harry Potter star called on to play Wolverine [NEWS]Hugh Jackman health: 'I was a prime candidate' - Star's former cancer [INFO]Harry Potter star challenges Marvel over playing X-Men hero [INSIGHT] In the multiversal movie, Benedict Cumberbatch's Steven Strange visited a world inhabited by new heroes who made up the secret crime-fighting group: The Illuminati. Included in this line-up of do-gooders was none other than Professor X - the leader of the X-Men. Traditionally, Professor X and Wolverine come hand-in-hand, so he may be just around the corner. The film also introduced Mr Fantastic for the first time, played by John Krasinski. The debut of the first Fantastic 4 member has also opened the door to the arrival of the next big bad in the MCU. Doctor Doom is one of the most menacing and dangerous evildoers in the Marvel comic book world. With his arrival just around the corner, the Avengers will need all the help they can get to fight him. Watch the Marvel films - including the X-Men series - on Disney Plus now. SOURCE