Ben Wallace, speaking to Sky News, said Britain would remain “full square behind” Ukraine in spite of the domestic turmoil facing the UK over the resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Wallace, who himself is a candidate for the next leader of the country, lauded Mr Johnson’s efforts on Ukraine but said support for the country would still be administered and that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was aware of this.    The Sky News reporter asked: “Given that Ukraine regards the UK with such high esteem, and there’s that personal bond between President Zelensky and Boris Johnson, Mr Zelensky must be looking at what’s happening in London and wondering what’s happening to his key ally. “What can you do to reassure [Ukraine]?” Mr Wallace said: “Well, I think he knows, because he has been visited by a range of parliamentarians, as has my counterpart the defence minister, that Britain is full square behind them.    “And, you know, the assistance the UK gives to Ukraine is not just from one person. Not me, not the Prime Minister. It is the whole effort. “Actions matter in all of this and while the Prime Minister will be incredibly sad to leave this post, he has led from the front on Ukraine, as he had done on Covid and, obviously, Brexit, and I think that is not lost on many people.” The defence secretary’s comments came as further Ukrainians died at the hands of Russia as a missile strike hit the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk. READ MORE: 'Everybody loves the NLAW' British anti-tank weapon success [REPORT]   Pavlo Kyrylenko, governor of the Donetsk region, said the missile had damaged six buildings including a hotel and an apartment bloc in the large industrial hub. The strike, he added, killed at least one person and has left six wounded. He said: "A Russian missile hit the centre of Kramatorsk. It's known for sure that one person was killed and six wounded, but these figures may change. "This is a deliberate attack on civilians. ... This will continue until we drive them out." DON'T MISS: Wallace tops Tory grassroots poll to replace Boris - Truss languishes [REVEAL] Putin accused of litany of war crimes - 21,000 atrocities investigated [INSIGHT] Top Zelensky aide hails Boris Johnson as PM steps down [REPORT]   Prior to the Prime Minister’s resignation this afternoon, Mr Wallace said on social media that he would not leave the “offices of state empty”. Responding to notions of his own resignation in protest over the PM’s intransigence, Mr Wallace said he had an obligation to keep the country safe and would not quit his role as a result. However, he urged his party colleagues to force Mr Johnson out of Government, writing: "The party has a mechanism to change leaders and that is the mechanism which I advise colleagues to use.” Mr Wallace has since emerged as the favourite among Conservative party members to be the next party leader, the results of a YouGov poll showed on Thursday. READ NEXT: Putin must be overthrown!' Russian joins legion after husband killedThousands of innocent civilians maimed by Putin's bombs in UkraineCivilians FLEE as Russian strike hits market in eastern Ukraine and...Ukrainian MP distances herself from Johnson thanking Brits for supportUkrainian hero drone pilot reveals all 