Romelu Lukaku has taken aim at Chelsea with a cheeky social media post after leaving the club for a second time last week. The 29-year-old has completed his return to Inter Milan on a season-long loan, and there seems to be no love lost for his former club after a miserable stint under Thomas Tuchel. Seven years after selling him to Everton in 2014, Chelsea re-signed Lukaku last summer for a club-record £97.5million. An overwhelming sense of excitement and inevitable dominance accompanied his Premier League return, but it didn't go to plan. However, it didn't go to plan. Just months into his Chelsea re-run, Lukaku staged a controversial interview already talking up an exit and how much he missed Italy. And that seemed to catalyst his unfavourable relationship with Tuchel, who regularly opted to snub the Belgium striker for playmaker Kai Havertz. After escaping Stamford Bridge on uneasy terms, Lukaku has seemingly continued his spat with the Blues via a cryptic Instagram post on Thursday morning. Under a black and white image of him on his phone, the caption read: "I'ma probably show you I'm solid first, and if the energy ain't right, I'ma show you how easy it is to cut ties, no more tries. Gone…" JUST IN: Chelsea target Koulibaly opens door to deal amid De Ligt frustrations Despite his struggles at Manchester United ahead of his first switch to Inter in 2019, many expected Lukaku to be the addition Tuchel needed to add the Premier League title to Chelsea's 2021 Champions League crown. But the west London giants quickly tailed off top-flight pace-makers Manchester City and Liverpool last season, finishing third, 18 points behind the runners-up. Lukaku's woes contributed to that, netting just eight times in 26 Premier League games and 15 times in 44 outings in all competitions. Defeats to Liverpool in both the FA Cup and Carabao Cup finals would've only heightened frustrations in Tuchel's camp. READ MORE: Lisandro Martinez copies Antony with Man Utd transfer plea to Ajax Inter could only sanction Lukaku's return through a loan deal due to the enormous transfer fee Chelsea paid the San Siro club for his services less than 12 months ago. And the same issue leaves lingering question marks over his long-term future, with it blatantly obvious he's ready to cut ties with his former club. The Nerazzurri will hope Lukaku can spearhead them to another Serie A title after he helped them lift their first since 2010 under Antonio Conte in 2021. Their mission is fuelled further this time around, vying to reclaim the Scudetto from city rivals AC Milan.