At a time when the nation is facing an economic crisis, a health crisis and is supporting Ukraine from the threat of Russia, the former soldier has shown his support for moving on from the “political parlour games”. Mr Wallace’s comments follow the resignations of both Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid and from more junior positions including two trade envoys and four parliamentary private secretaries. The shock resignations both referred to the Prime Minister’s competency for the task at hand and the issue of public confidence following the Chris Pincher revelations on Tuesday. Mr Pincher was suspended from Parliament last week following allegations of sexual misconduct and it was revealed that the PM was aware of a misconduct complaint back in 2019 before appointing him a role in Government. The former Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak, who has now been replaced by Nadhim Zahawi, said in his resignation letter to the PM: “The public rightly expect Government to be conducted properly, competently, and seriously. “I recognise this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.” The MP for Richmond concluded: “I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that we cannot continue like this.” The former Health Secretary’s resignation letter stated: “I can no longer in good conscience, continue serving in this Government. “The British people…rightly expect integrity from their Government.” According to Harry Cole, the political editor of The Sun, the Defence Secretary has slammed the resignations as “parlour games”, alluding to the timing of such events with the ongoing geopolitical situation. READ MORE: POLL: Is it time for Boris Johnson to resign? Mr Cole tweeted: “Defence Secretary Ben Wallace hits out tonight.” According to the tweet, Mr Wallace said: “To be clear, I am going on Thursday to see brave Ukrainian men and women training to fight for their lives and their country. “I won’t be indulging in political parlour games, nor will I be resigning.” The former Captain of the Scots Guards has been criticised by some for his comments with Twitter users believing he is using Ukraine “as an excuse”. User @lukebrown04 tweeted: “It’s actually distrusting that he is using Ukraine as an excuse” and another added: “Always bringing out the f***ing Ukraine card.” Many leapt to the defence of Mr Wallace with @fodeballertoure saying: “The difference is he’s a military man. If anyone in Cabinet has a right not to resign it’s him. DON'T MISS: Ukraine saboteurs blow up railway bridge (REVEAL) Horror as shark scared away by fearless beachgoers using cleaning ... (INSIGHT)'Last thing we want to see!' Police urged take zero tolerance approach (REACTION) “They’re discussing a new package of aid and overseeing military developments in a sort of advisory role. That’s important.” Another added: “Ben won’t resign because he has honour, integrity, and a need to see the job done. “He won’t resign because he’d see that as an abdication of his duty to our military and the Ukrainians. “He’s the best guy for this job and he knows it’s safe in his hands.” The Defence Secretary wrote a letter to Downing Street only last week demanding an extra £10billion per year of funding for the Armed Forces due to the threat of Russia. The letter also outlined a series of shortfalls in the defence capabilities of Britain with a shortage of drones, stealth jet pilots and Royal Navy nuclear submarine crew members.