George Shuttleworth (played by Tony Maudsley) will get a huge shock next week on Coronation Street when his sister Glenda (Jodie Prenger) arrives. However, will her sudden appearance cause a rift between the undertaker and Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver)? The stalwart may decide she needs to leave Weatherfield behind if Glenda’s arrival leads to heartbreak on the cobbles. In upcoming ITV soap episodes, Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) tries his best to impress his son Dylan. He spends the day slaving away in the kitchen cooking a roast only for Dylan to text him to tell him he’s gone for a pizza with his mates. Sean serves up the overcooked meal to Eileen, George and Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) who try their best to compliment the dish. But, George is horrified when he realises he’s broken a tooth after taking one bite of the meat. The undertaker promises Eileen he’ll see a dentist but has to first deal with Mr Pugh’s funeral. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Double exit from cobbles for Faye and Craig A man named Troy approaches George and engages in smalltalk. George realises Troy works for the opposition and is hoping to buy his business. In a moment of madness, George tries to wrestle Troy’s notebook from him. As the two men fall to the ground, Mrs Pugh arrives and is unimpressed with the display. Later, Todd is surprised when he spots a the offer from Rest East of £400,000 to buy the business. He confronts George but will the undertaker really sell up? George arrives for Mr Pugh’s funeral and admits he’s taken Eileen’s strong painkillers to ease his toothache. However, it’s not long before Todd realises the painkillers are having an adverse effect on his boss. Todd panics and shoves George into one of the funeral cars to keep him out of the way. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed after Geoff discovery [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Phill Whittaker to kidnap Hope Stape [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay for affair with Summer Spellman [SPOILER] As Mrs Pugh realises her husband’s funeral is not going to plan, she hits out at Todd. George’s sister Glenda arrives on the scene and spots George asleep in the back of the funeral car. She quickly takes charge of the situation and the funeral goes off without a hitch. Glenda meets Todd and Sean as the trio celebrate how well the day went. As the painkillers eventually wear off, George turns up and is thrilled to see his sister. He introduces her to Eileen but will the meeting be a positive one? Eileen and George’s romance hasn’t been plain-sailing and the arrival of Glenda could be the final straw. Will her sudden appearance in Weatherfield lead to the couple splitting for good? It’s not yet clear why Glenda has joined her brother on the cobbles but Eileen may feel betrayed and pushed out if the undertaker has to focus on his sister. If she experiences another heartbreak Eileen may decide to leave Weatherfield and start afresh somewhere new. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.