Amazon is giving away three months access to its Kindle Unlimited service in the run-up to Prime Day 2022. The freebie, which is available exclusively to Amazon Prime customers, offers access to a whopping library of over a million ebooks that can be read right now on a variety of devices. The service usually costs £7.99 a month, meaning anyone who signs up for the free Kindle Unlimited deal will save almost £24. The brilliant freebie, however, is only available for a few more days, with the deal running out at midnight on Thursday July 14. So if you want to take advantage of the deal then you need to act quick. Besides offering access to a library of over a million ebooks, Kindle Unlimited also offers subscribers access to thousands of audiobooks as well as subscriptions to popular magazines. And, you don't even need to own an Amazon first-party device like a Kindle ereader or Fire tablet to take advantage of this deal. Kindle ebooks, and the Kindle Unlimited service, can all be accessed via the official Kindle apps for smartphones, tablets and laptops. If this all sounds good to you then there are a few things you need to know before rushing to the Amazon website to sign up. First up, this deal is only available for Amazon Prime subscribers, so you need to be signed up to grab the bargain. Thankfully, if you're after an Amazon Prime free trial you can sign up for a 30-day free trial to enjoy this Kindle Unlimited deal and also have access to the millions of discounts that will be available during the Prime Day 2022 sales. This year's Prime Day sales is taking place on Tuesday, July 12 and Wednesday, July 13. If you sign to Amazon Prime you'll also be able to enjoy the many perks of a Prime membership, which includes speedy Prime delivery, access to the Prime Video library and Prime Reading. Prime Reading is another ebook service which offers some crossover with the Kindle Unlimited library. However, the Prime Reading library is made up of over 1,000 ebooks, comics and magazines whereas Kindle Unlimited offers access to over a million ebooks. Plus, with Prime Reading there are limits to the number of ebooks you can borrow, whereas with Kindle Unlimited you get unlimited access. Elsewhere, there is one other thing you need to know about the three month free Kindle Unlimited deal running right now. This deal is only available to new Kindle Unlimited customers, so if you're already a member or are enjoying a free trial at the moment then you won't be able to sign up to the offer.