The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge always opt for relaxing summer breaks with the family and they rarely travel abroad. Instead, the couple likes to spend quality time with their children in the UK. This year, it is likely Kate and William will opt for a staycation once again. The family often spend most of their summer break at their Norfolk home of Anmer Hall. "It's very peaceful." READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks Located in the middle of the countryside, their Anmer Hall state is a very private place where Prince George, Charlotte and Louis can truly enjoy the activities they like the most, such as swimming, fishing, or riding bikes. Kate and William may also visit the Queen's Scottish residence, Balmoral, like they do every year. The monarch reportedly invites the whole family to the 50,000 acres property every summer for a relaxed time together, and the Cambridges love it. It is believed the family enjoy going on scenic walks, cycling and horse riding.  Prince William said back in 2021: "George, Charlotte and Louis already know how dear Scotland is to both of us and they are starting to build their own happy memories here too." Royal expert Ingrid Seward explained: "Balmoral is an absolute paradise for children. "All the kids love it up there because they have picnics every day and sometimes at night they have family barbecues, which were always a favourite of Prince Philip. "And kids don't care about the midges and the rain," Ingrid told The Sun. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip The Queen has her own pony sanctuary in Balmoral and Charlotte, who is reportedly "mad about ponies," has the most amazing time there. To keep rare breeds of ponies from extinction, Her Majesty created a sanctuary to preserve them in the Scottish highlands. When other members of the Royal Family visit Balmoral, the Cambridges' children get to spend time and create memories with their cousins. Both Norfolk and Scotland are very affordable destinations to visit this summer, as travellers don't even have to leave the country to enjoy great scenery, stunning views and a relaxing time with family and friends. However, the Cambridges do enjoy an international trip every now and then and they could head on a holiday abroad by the end of the summer. Last year, Kate and William enjoyed a break on the beautiful Isles of Scilly. It is also known the couple like to spend time at Mustique Island, in the Caribbean, with Kate's family, who go on holiday there every year, where they can enjoy private time away from the cameras. Flights to Mustique from London start from £457 one way.