As temperatures rise across the UK, the risk of grass fires and house fires increases. According to experts, there are steps that can be taken to help prevent these from happening. Tips include keeping electronics, mirrors and glass ornaments out of the heat. Expert Property Inspector Steve Rad of Inventorybase, said: “Keep electronic equipment out of direct sunlight. “This means making sure electrical hazards such as mobile phones, iPads etc are turned off when not in use and put safely away from direct sunlight when finished. “Also keep mirrors, crystals, glass ornaments and other reflective items out of direct sunlight at all times. “Reflective objects can act as a lens and allow sunlight to bounce off them, setting alight nearby flammable objects such as curtains and soft furnishings.” READ MORE: Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found Mobile phones can also get hot when charging so it is best to keep an eye on them. If left under a pillow or cushion, the expert said they can become a fire hazard. Steve added: “Always leave your device uncovered and away from soft furnishings whenever they’re charging.” Sockets should also not be overloaded at any time, but the risk of a fire increases in a heatwave. DON'T MISS:Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat [INSIGHT]Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ [EXPLAINER] The expert explained: “Although you might want to plug your fan in whilst your phone charger and computer are also plugged in, you still need to be aware that fires can start because of an overloaded plug socket. “Furthermore, electrical cables everywhere can create a fire hazard, so keep your cables tidy.” Fans are great in warm weather as they can help to keep you cool. Although they can be hard to keep clean, Steve recommended cleaning these out regularly. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best way to clean bathroom tile grout - ‘so easy’ He said: “Regularly cleaning these out can help prevent the build-up of dust on motors, which could cause a fire when subject to hot weather. “Regularly remove combustible waste too. “This includes accumulations of dust, leaves, sticks and cardboard, as these can ignite and increase the chances of fires spreading through a property much quicker. “Make sure you keep ignition sources away from these materials or flammable liquids and gases.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Britons should also ensure that they are using suitable ashtrays to dispose of cigarette stubs to avoid accidental fires. Steve said throwing them into a bin isn’t safe. Warmer days can lead to bins becoming dry and hot, which increases the risk of a fire. Steve continued: “Be careful using BBQs. Make sure your barbecue is sturdy and positioned on level ground away from flammable objects like a fence or an overhanging tree. “Never light a barbecue in an enclosed space. Also when putting it away, make sure it is fully extinguished and cooled down before you leave it and take care when getting rid of a disposable barbecue, or barbecue coals.” According to Admiral Home Insurance, the UK is entering peak season for garden-related fires. Admiral wants that there have already been more cases of garden fires this year than the previous three years. Noel Summerfield, Head of Household at Admiral, said: “Over the last two years, we’ve seen a significant increase in the number of fire claims caused by barbecues, fire pits, bonfires and the burning of garden waste. “In 2020, as the UK spent a lot of time in lockdown, the number of incidents jumped by 26 percent, and last year the number went up again slightly and was 28 percent higher than in 2019. “As we get ready to enjoy the hot weather, most of us will be spending more time outdoors using popular appliances like pizza ovens and fire pits.” Already this year, Admiral has seen more garden fires reported to them. Noel added: “We’ve also seen an increase in claims related to fire pits as they grow in popularity. “People should take extreme care if they are topping up the fuel of a bio-ethanol fire pit which is lit or switched on because they are extremely flammable.”