Eamonn Holmes clashed with Labour Shadow Financial Secretary James Murray who argued that the Conservative Party has left the country “trapped in a cycle where we have low growth and high taxes”. When the Labour MP stressed the need for economic growth in the country, Mr Holmes pointed out “so you’re Liz Truss’s advocate then, that’s what she was advocating!”. Mr Murray told GB News: “The truth is that we’ve become trapped in a cycle under the Conservatives, where we have low growth and high taxes. “Labour's priorities growth, that’s the real way to make sure that tax revenue increases for public services.” Mr Holmes pointed out: “So you’re Liz Truss’s advocate then. “That’s what she was advocating!” The Labour MP responded: “No, Liz Truss was advocating these wild spending commitments with no funding for them. “She’s been making a huge number of promises, to cut things left right and centre, but without any expulsion of how she would pay for them. “That’s absolutely different in terms of what Liz Truss is setting out and what we set out in the Labour Party. “When we advocate something, we say exactly how we would spend it. READ MORE: Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HERE “That’s the real different you get with us. “What we say we’re going to do something, we say exactly how you pay for it. “The public can have trust in what we’re pledging.” Referring to yesterday’s leadership debate, he commented: “I don’t think they have any fiscal rules. DON'T MISS: Fury as GMB's Adil Ray fumes he is 'ashamed to be British' [WATCH]MPs warn energy package support needed as price cap forecasts worsen [LISTEN]'Most contagious Covid variant yet' explodes in UK, calls for curbs [INSIGHT] “They were making it up as they go along. “What I found quite astonishing is [the debate] was basically an hour of two people who want to be leader of the Conservative Party, totally trashing the last 12 years of Conservatives in government. “[They pointed out] all of these huge failings with what the Conservatives have done over the 12 years and then offering no real solutions to what to do next. “We should have a fairer tax system. “I think, in a way, talking about taxes also misses their early big argument here around economic growth”. READ NEXT: Horror as police cordon off road as forensics on sceneTerrifying fire rages above treetops as thick smoke cloud appearsSecret Service blamed for Ukrainian spy plot against RussiaPutin rocked as drone blows up T-72 tank, killing 15 RussiansDisability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinations