The interest rate paid on Direct Saver, Income Bonds, Direct ISA and Junior ISA, will increase from today July 21, meaning savers can start benefiting straight away. In addition, the interest rate paid on Guaranteed Growth Bonds, Guaranteed Income Bonds and Fixed Interest Savings Certificates will also be increasing from August 1.   This follows the recent increase in the Premium Bonds prize fund rate, which improved the odds of winning from 34,500 to one to 24,500 to one and saw an additional 1.4 million prizes paid out in the June 2022 prize draw. The changes will ensure that NS&I’s products are competitive when compared with the rest of the savings market. NS&I Chief Executive, Ian Ackerley, said: “NS&I is one of the largest savings organisations in the UK and we’re pleased to increase our interest rates, helping to ensure that more than 1.3 million savers across the country will see their savings nest eggs boosted. “Increasing our interest rates means that our products are priced appropriately when compared with the interest rates offered by our competitors.” READ MORE: Universal Credit: Why you might not receive £324 cost of living boost  Some 25 million customers have Premium Bonds which are backed by HM Treasury. However, NS&I has come under criticism lately for not offering the best savings rates. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown recently called on the Government-backed savings provider to up its rates. She said savers remained loyal to the savings provider, despite the fact it had not, at that time, increased rates across savings accounts. DON'T MISS'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [INSIGHT]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [ALERT]Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth [WARNING]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE] Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst, Hargreaves Lansdown welcomed the news today. She said: “Disappointing NS&I rates have been given a significant boost, which is great news for savers. "This is a real pick up rates on easy access savings and the Junior ISA. They’d fallen so far behind the rest of the market they were hardly visible to the naked eye. "The current rates aren’t market-leading, but they are within shouting distance of the best around, and they will appeal to plenty of savers."   The personal finance expert continued: "The best easy access rates on the markets come with caveats, so in order to get the top rate of 1.6 percent from Al Rayan you need at least £5,000. "For others you need to move your current account, or agree to only access your money a handful of times during the year. "The best rate on the market with no strings attached, and available on £1 of savings is 1.5 percent. "The NS&I rate isn’t far behind." One of the most attractive savings accounts is NS&I's Junior ISA. Ms Coles said: "You can get up to 2.65 percent at the moment, but 2.2 percent puts it in the leading pack. "At this level we’d expect savers to be interested in the easy access products and the JISA. "NS&I is known and trusted brand, the money is 100 percent protected by the Treasury, and it offers people enormous peace of mind at a time when we value some certainty." 