LIV Golf rebel Sergio Garcia has taken a huge U-turn in deciding not to resign from the DP World Tour after a heart-to-heart with fellow Spaniard Jon Rahm. Garcia made the controversial Saudi switch last month, and has played in the opening two LIV Golf events. Alongside his Masters victory in 2017, the Spanish star is best known for his remarkable record in the Ryder Cup, announcing himself as one of Europe’s (and the world’s) best matchplay players. However his glimmering Ryder Cup legacy was left in ruins after opting to join LIV, which appears to have cost him a place in representing Europe throughout the rest of his career. Clearly unhappy with the sanctions set to be put on him and his fellow Saudi defectors, Garcia hit out at the DP World Tour (formerly the European Tour) at this month’s Open Championship, revealing that he was ready to resign from the Wentworth-based circuit following the saga. Speaking at St Andrews the 2017 Masters champion said: “I want to play where they want me; I like to feel loved and sincerely on the European Tour I don’t feel loved right now. When Thomas Bjorn came up to us at the BMW and said, ‘We don’t want any of you here and all the players say the same’, well I’m at an age to not bother putting up with rubbish like that. JUST IN: LIV Golf could have relegation system as controversial series outlines future plans  “I will play less and spend more time at home. If I don’t play in the Majors, I don’t play, but it honestly doesn’t bother me. It’s a shame about the Ryder Cup, but the way I’m playing, I wouldn’t get in the team… “It’s a shame what they are doing because the European Tour is going to end up as the fifth biggest in the world.” Despite his attack on the tour, Garcia has now revealed he has had a change of heart following a discussion with his fellow countryman, and 2021 Ryder Cup partner Rahm. Per ESPN, Garcia said: “When I finished the Open Championship [last] Sunday, I said that I was most likely going to resign my membership from the [DP World] Tour. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' caddie sheds light on golf icon's return plan after Open woes at St AndrewsTiger Woods hits back at retirement critics with post-Open golf sessions in SpainHenrik Stenson reacts to being stripped of Ryder Cup captaincy and explains LIV defection  That obviously meant not being eligible for the Ryder Cup because you have to be a member.” Looking to keep his Ryder Cup eligibility intact, he added: “But thanks to the things that Jon Rahm said, and I had a couple of good conversations with guys on the [DP World] Tour, I'm going to hold off on that.” The Spaniard added: “I want to at least see what's happening when the Ryder Cup qualification starts. See what kind of rules and eligibilities they have in there… If I agree with what they [are], I'll definitely keep playing whatever I can on the tour and try to qualify for that Ryder Cup team. And, if not, then we'll move on. But it is definitely something that is in my mind.” 