For people wanting to lose weight, the ketogenic diet (also known as the keto diet) has always been a popular option. Research has shown that the high-fat diet helps slimmers lose weight quicker than if they were on a low-fat one. This method requires dieters to get approximately 75 percent of their calories from fat, 20 percent from protein, and the remaining five percent is from carbohydrates, which are limited on the keto diet. Due to the rapid weight loss nature of the diet, some may find it more difficult to stick to. Founder of Natural Ketosis, Hannah Sutter, revealed: "Unlike a calorie-controlled diet it is important that once you get into ketosis you stay ketogenic for at least a week in order to see and feel the benefits. "Restricting carbs to less than 50g per day can be very tricky especially for beginners." She noted that most ready meals and snacks as well as fruits and vegetables contain carbohydrates. "The foods which are carb free like chicken, fish and eggs can become very boring, very quickly. "Lack of variety of food to eat and the complexity of counting and calculating all the food you eat can lead some to give up." She shared her top tips for starting the diet and how to maintain and reap the benefits. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake With any diet, making sure there's no temptation is a good starting point. Hannah advised: “Start by making sure you rid yourself of any temptation. "Then stock up your cupboard, fridge and freezer with keto friendly foods." There are various versions of the diet that have been modified for different needs. Hannah explained: "Overtime keto has developed into different versions designed to deal with different health issues. "Therefore pick the keto diet that suits your needs and stick to it and follow one set of guidelines to get the best results. "Overtime your knowledge and confidence will grow helping you to build the plan which is perfect for you." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dieters mustn't be worried about consuming fat when on he keto diet because it's what the body will use as energy when carbs are limited. Hannah said: "Whilst we don’t recommend glugging bottles of olive oil or nibbling more cheese than a mouse, fat will become the body’s energy source when you are following a keto diet. "Having a higher amount of fat in your diet will help you to stay feeling fuller for longer after meal times." She noted that fat also brings the flavour since sugar is removed, but warned to stay away from sweeteners, which can lead to cravings. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim While some keto diets are strict, Hannah recommends always putting what the body needs first to avoid any unnecessary health issues. "If you are hungry or feeling low on energy, eat a keto friendly snack," she said. "Make sure you eat regularly through the day and listen to what your body needs. "This can lead us to reach for carb heavy convenience food to lift our mood and banish the hunger." Eating less processed foods on a keto diet can lower the body's sodium level and Hannah revealed this knocks electrolytes "out of balance". She said: "Sodium plays an important role in regulating our internal water balance, too little sodium can mean the body does not absorb water as well as it should causing issues like brain fog, fatigue, muscle cramps and stomach problems as well as causing the initial 'keto flu' side effects to be more intense. "Keep everything in balance by adding a pinch of good quality salt like rock salt or Himalayan sea salt to your meals," she told the Daily Record. Foods included in the keto diet can include: Fish and seafood Low-carb veggies Cheese Avocados Poultry Eggs Nuts, seeds and healthful oils Plain Greek yogurt and cottage cheese Always consult a doctor before switching to a high-fat, low-carb diet.