Unions have announced strikes throughout July, with action spanning several days as they withhold services to negotiate better conditions for their workers. The cost of living crisis has forced many of them down this track, with pay failing to keep up with inflation, which analysts expected could hit 11 percent this year. Some services will face delays or cancellations over the next few weeks as several unions vote for their workforces to withdraw.  The RMT voted for strike action last month over three days and two weeks, covering June 21, 23, and 25. In July, the union has not ruled out further action, as negotiations over pay and conditions in transport offices across the country continue. The Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) has made a similar pledge, and the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen (ASLEF) is holding a ballot. Ballots don't close until July 11, so there are no official dates for this month's train strikes if they go ahead. READ MORE: Gas price surge to three-month high amid supply concerns and strikes Drivers with bus service Stagecoach announced they would take industrial action on Monday. Approximately 370 Unite members voted to strike in Merseyside for eight days this month, with the first date passing on July 4. The remaining dates include July 15, 18, 20, 22, 25, 28 and 29 and their fellow drivers at Arriva may follow. Staff held a ballot that closed on July 4 to determine whether 1,800 drivers would do the same. Postal workers embroiled in a pay dispute have resolved to take action over similar pay disputes within their ranks. Staff at Post Office Limited at Crown Post Offices have decided to walk out on July 11. The Communications Workers Union (CWU) said 1,500 workers would participate in the action next week. Unite has followed a similar track with the Royal Mail, as their members will strike between July 20 and 22. Summer sun-seekers will have to navigate a chain of strikes in July that will disrupt services across several airlines. Ryanair crews have announced they plan to strike in July for 11 days as they demanded better working conditions. They have not unveiled any planned dates but will likely walk out later in the month. More than 700 British Airways check-in and ground-handling staff may follow their lead. Barristers walked out of courts over pay disputes in late June and plan to do so again. The Criminal Bar Association (CBA) turned down a 15 percent fee increase and went back on strike this month. They have planned four days of strike action for this week, another four days next, followed by another five in the week beginning July 18. After a brief break in the week of July 25, they will go on strike again from August 1, as they complained the Government has not listened to their concerns about court backlogs.