His accusations against Boris of lying sound totally quaint compared to the lies he told the nation over the EU. Why does the media still report the ravings of this man? During his time he placed the country firmly under the EU jackboot at Maastricht and presided over the collapse of our economy with his devotion to the lunacy of that organisation. Nothing he says can be of any interest to anyone. He should only be newsworthy if the he was arrested and put on trial for high treason. It must be dark because John Major is up out of his coffin and spouting nonsense again, says Barrie Warren from Bury, Lancashire. Mr Major forgot the lasting harm he did to politicians by pushing family values when he was "liaising" with Edwina Currie. What about the harm he did by joining Britain to the EU without asking the people and the harm done in challenging the result of a democratic vote to leave the EU? Set that against a few minor celebrations during a ridiculous lockdown and most sensible people know who iss right and who is wrong.  Liz Truss is a major contender for the post of the next PM and history bodes well for her prospects, says David Fleming from Downham Market, Norfolk. Parallels can be drawn from Margaret Thatcher's successor. Michael Heseltine failed to cross the finishing line, leaving John Major to become PM. Rishi Sunak is being billed as a favourite but could encounter barriers as Mr Heseltine did.  Rishi Sunak does not want to reduce taxes at this time of extreme need and poverty. He once said he understood the hardship that people were going through, says Keith Woods from Manchester. This is also the man who reneged on his promise to keep the triple lock. One liar has been ousted as PM, another liar is not the answer. How can a millionaire understand the needs of the poor in the UK?  Dear me, what an uninspiring bunch to pick our leader from, says Edward Jones from Gwespyr, Flint. Not one comes within a mile of Boris. I hope that I am wrong but we should best be prepared for the next election were the results will leave us governed by a coalition of woke duffers with Nicola Sturgeon calling the shots. 