Lyon general director Vincent Ponsot has opened up on the club's failure to land Manchester United target Tyrell Malacia, who is widely expected to join the Red Devils over the coming weeks. Lyon had initially reached a full agreement with Feyenoord to snap up Malacia last week before United barged in with a late attempt to snap him up from under their noses at the eleventh hour. The 13-time Premier League champions went on to agree a fee in the region of £13million with Malacia's current employers and will be hoping to wrap up the proposed move in the not-too-distant future. However, United are said to have been forced to wait in their efforts to make Malacia their first summer signing due to the player having recently changed his agent, with his father set to take the lead in negotiations over personal terms.Lyon director Ponsot has since weighed in on the situation by insisting that no player is bigger than the club before suggesting that United could face difficulties in finalising a deal to land Malacia as a result of his demands."If we don’t have the means to recruit, we can’t bring in players of that level, generally speaking, whatever their love for Lyon might be," said Ponsot, as quoted by GFFN. JUST IN: Chelsea view on Romelu Lukaku's dressing room behaviour emerges "So it’s not a case of having the means. But I’m going to be very clear, the institution is always stronger than any player."Sometimes there are demands, that’s how it is in the world of football, that can’t be made. It’s true that it can sometimes collapse deals. But we want a left-back, and we’ll find a good left-back."I think the president [Jean-Michel Aulas] is happy to be able to sleep soundly at night and not see the police show up in the morning. Likewise for me. "I can’t say everything. It should have been signed on Tuesday. It’s still not been completed, ask yourself that question."I was reading this morning that [the club] which made additional offers had the same difficulties as us to get the deal over the line, which means that maybe it’s not such an easy transfer to complete."Malacia has been a regular at Feyenoord for the last two years and remains tied down to the Dutch outfit until the summer of 2024 as things stand. He is said to be keenly admired by United boss Erik ten Hag, who knows the Eredivisie well from his time at Ajax and has been credited with an interest in a number of the division's outstanding players this summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here