Two dancers from boy band Mirror were hit by a giant LED screen that fell from the ceiling during a performance yesterday. The screen hit the stage at the Hong Kong Coliseum, during the band’s first performance in the venue. Footage shows the screen becoming loose above the unaware dancers. As it fell, one man moved into its pathway and was crushed. Another dancer, who appeared to be rushing to his friend's aid, was also injured as the screen tipped over. Thousands of fans in the audience could be heard screaming as chaos ensued. Two dancers were injured in the incident, according to Dim Sum Daily. One reportedly sustained a head injury, but was in stable condition; the other received a neck injury, and is reportedly in serious condition. The publication reported that they were conscious and taken to hospital, along with three people from the audience. The two injured performers were dancers for the 12-piece boy band, who were taking part in a concert series called “MIRROR.WEARE” at the Coliseum. The Coliseum is a frequent concert venue that has become known as the city’s mecca for canto-pop, according to Variety magazine. Mirror's concert series at Hong Kong Coliseum began on July 25 and was supposed to have a total of 12 shows running through to August 5. Further concerts at the venue have been suspended until its stage design and mechanical structures are proven to be safe. One witness told Variety: “I have never felt this terrible going to a concert. Walking out of the Coliseum felt like walking out of a funeral home. It was sombre, no one was talking. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldier tells of 'defeated' crew [REVEAL] “Some other girls among the audience were crying. Another friend, who’s a mother, questioned why such a horrible, unacceptable incident could happen in Hong Kong, at the Coliseum.” The accident has caused public outcry, with fans and industry insiders condemning the concert’s organizers for not allowing enough time for a site check and rehearsal, and disregarding performers’ safety. News reporter Ezra Cheung shared a clip of the incident to Twitter. His post said: "A horrible accident erupted as a Hong Kong singing and dancing boy band was hosting their first concert, injuring at least two dancers. Both were said to be conscious when being sent to the hospital." Concert organizers Music Nation and MakerVille said in a statement that they regret the accident and expressed concern for the two injured performers, saying that they would provide support for the victims. The companies also pledged to investigate the cause of the incident.