I am even braced for the inevitable abuse from people saying that I have sold out my principles. Nothing could be further from the truth. In an article in the Express last week I set out the five priorities that are essential for the Conservative Party and its new leader: 1) Protecting Brexit and ensuring the Northern Ireland Protocol is fixed to protect the integrity of the United Kingdom; 2) cutting taxes whilst living within our means; 3) delivering on the Levelling Up agenda helping to ensure the North is able to maximise its potential; 4) reducing levels of immigration into the UK and sorting out once and for all illegal immigration - especially the dinghies coming over from France; and 5) to ensure we never again have full lockdowns and damaging restrictions in the face of a future covid-style pandemic. Jeremy Hunt has pledged to accept and deliver on all five of those priorities - so much for anyone who thinks that I am selling out on my principles. Nevertheless, people may still say that Jeremy and I are not ideological soulmates, and they would be right. However, that is not a weakness, it is a strength. The Conservative Party is a broad church with a wide base of support and it is essential that we always are. We have seen - not least in recent by-elections - how difficult it has become to retain our support in both the red wall and the blue wall constituencies. To think that one person on their own can equally appeal to that very broad cross-section of voters is unrealistic. Jeremy - better than anyone - can appeal to blue wall voters, and it is very kind of Jeremy to believe that I - as the co-founder of the Blue Collar Conservatives - can appeal better to those red wall voters - many of whom voted for us for the first time at the last election.  With Jeremy as Prime Minister, and me serving as his deputy, I believe we can offer the strongest possible appeal to the whole country and to ensure we retain all of our seats at the next General Election with policies and priorities which will resonate in different parts of the country. I have sat around the cabinet table under the last 3 Conservative Prime Ministers and alongside dozens of Ministerial colleagues. I have been able to see them all at close hand, and there is no doubt that the Conservative Party is blessed with an array of talent - much of which is standing in this leadership election. Around the Cabinet table, I was always particularly impressed with Jeremy. Not least his work ethic, his attention to detail and grasp of his brief. His interventions were always well argued and thought through and - something that has not been either mentioned or appreciated enough - even though he voted Remain in the referendum he was always one of the most robust in cabinet in insisting that the result of the referendum must be accepted, honoured and delivered.  As the longest serving Secretary of State for Health and a former Foreign Secretary, Jeremy has the experience needed and is battle hardened. He understands how to use the machinery of government to get things done and can hit the ground running. Above all I have always found him to be a man of impeccable integrity. He has an honesty which shines through whenever you speak with him or hear him being interviewed. In this leadership contest it would be easy for us all to retreat into our own ideological tribes; but that is not going to give us the best chance of winning the next General Election. None of the candidates standing in this contest are a threat to the country, far from it. All of them have a great deal to offer our Party and the country.  The only threat to the UK (and to Brexit for that matter) comes from having a Labour government elected, propped up by their Liberal Democrat and SNP soulmates. It is that threat which we must unite to defeat. Both Jeremy and I have reached out across the Conservative aisle in order to put our great Party in the best place to deliver for the whole country and maximise support for the Conservative Party, and in a way which ensures we deliver on our core priorities. I very much hope that our colleagues both in Parliament and in the wider membership will welcome this approach and join us. 