The Duchess is visiting the principality with her husband Prince Charles but made a special solo visit to Millbrook Primary School in Newport yesterday. The royal visited the school in order to champion one of her biggest royal causes, literacy, and to officially open the new school library.  After arriving at the school the Duchess received a warm welcome from the students. She also shared an adorable sweet moment with one young girl who had been practising her royal wave for the Duchesses visit. the Duchess said to 5-year-old Callie with a smile: "That was a very royal wave." The Duchess also met the school's "reading dog" Taliesin named after a famous Welsh poet who helps the children settle in their reading area.  Camilla asked the children: "Do you like him? "It's absolutely brilliant to meet him. "He wants to be your friend. "Happy reading," the Duchess remarked to the children as she left the library. READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant The Australian Kelpie Border Collie Cross assists children who are nervous about reading aloud as it is thought his presence makes them feel more at ease. Headteacher Keri Smith told PEOPLE: "He also helps if they're finding it hard to concentrate or listen to a story as stroking him can settle them." Camilla was also taken to a special assembly where "How To Train Your Dragon" author Cressida Cowell was talking to the children in "Dragonese." When asked by Ms Cowell what her favourite book was the Duchess replied that it was Pride and Prejudice. DON'T MISS: ​Kate and William in stitches with Carole Middleton at Wimbledon [REVEAL] Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement [INSIGHT] Queen to hold crunch talks with desperate Boris after Sandringham dash [SPOTLIGHT]  The royal who is 75 on July 17 also received an early birthday cake during the visit along with renditions of "Happy Birthday" in both Welsh and English. The Duchess was also given some books for her family. She was then invited to cut the birthday cake along with 11 year old Lawson. Before leaving the Duchess was introduced to student helpers who joined the royal protection officers for experience in holding open doors for VIPs. Alicia, 11, said: "She thanked us and said that maybe one day we might come and work for her." 