Greg Davies died in his sleep in the early hours of Saturday, July 23. The 36-year-old had been staying at the Queensferry Guest House in Fife, Scotland.   The dad-of-one, from Wales, had travelled to the Scottish town with his partner Caitlin Turner to attend her dad's wedding on Saturday afternoon. Caitlin tried to save Greg's life after she woke up to find he was not breathing. Ambulance crews were called to the house in a bid to save his life, but he was pronounced dead at the scene, reports The Daily Record.   Caitlin said: "I was there trying to save him. "He was such a wonderful character and the life and soul of everywhere he went. You only ever saw him with a smile on his face." The 27-year-old added: "He will be missed dearly and I love him very much." Greg had been a regular at the Queensferry Guest House, which he used while working in the area as a roofer. Claire Kelly, who runs the B&B, said: "Greg was a great guy. The roofing company he worked for used the B&B for the majority of my guest house experience. "They were all lovely guys who couldn't do enough for anyone. "His partner Caitlin met Greg while he was staying here working and they had moved to Wales. "They'd come back to stay for a family wedding. And sadly Greg didn't wake up on Saturday morning. "Everybody who knew him is gutted he was a one-of-a-kind guy. The sort of guy who was everyone's mate in the pub. "Everyone at Queensferry Guest House did everything they could that day and will offer ongoing support to the family." Tributes were paid to the 36-year-old, who had worked as a stonemason fitting granite kitchen worktops, by pals and colleagues. Pal Tia Clarkson wrote: "Honestly I can’t get my head around it, the fact I’m never going to see that smile and hear that laugh again. "You really are going to be missed more than you’ll ever know Greg, devastated to say the least." A tribute from Deryn Hughes said: "RIP Greg, I can't believe this! I will look after Caitlin for you, you made her the happiest I’ve ever seen and I’m forever grateful for you showing her how to love her life again." A GoFundMe was set up by friend Martin Jones to raise money for the unexpected cost of Greg's funeral and has raised almost £5,000. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Around 8.45am on Saturday, 23 July, 2022, officers were called to a property on Queensferry Road, Rosyth. "Emergency services attended and a man was pronounced dead at the scene. "The death is currently being treated as unexplained and enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances."