Stacey Solomon, 32, is setting off on her hen do, which will be held at a mystery location, while leaving her partner Joe Swash, 40, at home to take care of their children. The reality star has now shared her heartbreak as she bids farewell to her children for a week. Stacey took to her Instagram story yesterday to share some pictures and short videos in view of her 5.3 million followers. The mum-of-four shared a sweet video of her last few cuddles with Rex, who was wearing her bangles. Stacey has four children, Leighton and Zachary from previous relationships, as well as Rex and Rose with her fiance Joe. She held out her hands to the toddler as he rested his head on her chest for a cuddle. READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell Stacey captioned the video: "Cuddles all night with this one tonight. "He wants to wear my bracelets. They've got little drawings of the boys on them and he loves them! "Will miss you so much, Spidey." Stacey then shared a video of her youngest, Rose, in her high chair laughing, leaving the Loose Women presenter to admit that she will "miss this little laugh". In preparation for her trip, Stacey has left a list for Joe to follow, as he will be looking after the children on his own. She said on Instagram: "Just a few more hours and I'm off. Joe's not excited about the responsibility list he has to follow for the next 4 days. "I wrote the schedule, you're going to be fine - as long as you do everything on the list." DON'T MISS... Oti Mabuse flaunts long legs in skintight lacy dress at Wimbledon [WIMBLEDON] David Beckham looks downcast as he attends Wimbledon without Victoria [PICS] 'No intention!' Bette Midler U-turns on women being 'erased' tweet [COMMENT] Joe interrupted: "That's the scary thing. I'm not worried about the kids, I'm worried about the list you've left me! "You didn't get a list when I went to Ibiza!" Stacey then quipped: "Because I am the list." Joe embarked on his stag do at the end of June in Ibiza with the likes of comedian Rob Beckett, EastEnders’ Dean Gaffney, and Stacey’s dad Dave. Joe appeared to be having a whale of a time on his stag do. The former EastEnders star partied with Wayne Linker at his Ocean Beach Club in Ibiza. Stacey wrote on Instagram when he left for his boozy antics: "Hope you're having the best time with your best friends going out until silly o'clock in the morning and sleeping until the afternoon. "You deserve it. The best dad who rarely gets the chance to ever do this because we are raising a family. "Go for your life bubs. I love you. Can't wait to marry you. P.S. Look after Dad."