The latest figures show coronavirus cases have risen by nearly 20 percent, with around 2.7 million people infected in the last week. The increase is driven by Omicron sub-variants BA.4 and BA.5, and the latest data by the Office for National Statistics shows one in 25 people in England had Covid in the week ending June 29. This is the highest estimate level since April, but some experts warn large summer events could see cases rise further. READ MORE: Coronavirus symptoms: Are you suffering with a cough? The best sleeping position to help As a result, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 1pm on Monday, June 27, to 1pm on Friday, July 8, to ask readers their opinions on potential new restrictions. First, Express.co.uk asked: “As cases surge should masks be compulsory inside again?” A total of 3,704 people responded to this question, and readers were split on the matter. Some 53 percent (1,968 people) said “no”, masks should not be made compulsory inside again, while a further 46 percent (1,691 people) said “yes”, they should. In addition, just one percent (45 people) said they did not know either way. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Would you ever support another lockdown?” Overall, 3,650 people cast their votes, with the vast majority, 62 percent (2,259 people) answering “no”, they would not support another lockdown. A further 30 percent (1,093 people) said “yes” they would, while eight percent (298 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article, as readers discussed potential measures to slow the spread of Covid. Many readers were against any restrictions being introduced as the UK faces a fifth wave. One reader, username Blacksails said: “No masks, no lockdowns, no mandates. End of.” Username The mug who works!! said: “No masks and certainly no lockdowns or restrictions of ANY description.” And username DADDY-LCWRA said: “No, no, no, never again will we be locked up like prisoners in our own homes and be forced to wear a face mask.” Some readers were cautious about severe restrictions such as lockdowns given the lasting damage caused to the nation. Username chrysogaster said: “Absolutely not, lockdowns have destroyed this country, and mask-wearing is a waste of time.” And username Monkeytunes1 said: “Nope, no masks, no more lockdowns or any type of restrictions. Whether they were right or wrong at the time we are paying a high price and will be for many years.” DON'T MISS However, other readers thought that new restrictions would be beneficial to limit infections. Username Yetti said: “If the scientific evidence shows that they help, then yes. It costs nothing to wear a mask.” Username Evie Roberts said: “Yes, lots of people are still at risk of Covid. Never understood the hatred of masks.” And username Buntybubblesbonbin wrote: “It's all very well saying no to masks if you are a naturally fit and well person but for someone with a chronic respiratory disease we need to take extra care.” Professor Sir Jonathan Van-Tam, who recently stepped down as England's deputy chief medical officer, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme last month the country was in a different situation from previous peaks. He said: “In terms of its kind of lethality, the picture now is much, much, much closer to seasonal flu than it was when [coronavirus] first emerged. “And you know, we just accept in the winter that, if you've got seasonal flu and you're poorly for a few days, it disrupts your life. “And so I think we've got to start to frame Covid in a little bit more of those terms.”