Arsenal were offered the chance to sign Mauro Icardi this summer but decided to turn down the striker, according to reports. The idea of signing the Paris Saint-Germain star was floated to the Gunners, only for Mikel Arteta’s side to complete a deal for Gabriel Jesus instead. The Gunners had been desperate to bring in a new centre-forward after allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette to leave on free transfers over the past six months. Arteta had identified Jesus as his top target and after weeks of negotiations with Manchester City, the north London side completed a £45million transfer for the Brazil international early in July. But it has been reported by transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, in his column with CaughtOffside, that Jesus was not the only striker made available to them this summer. Icardi, who has struggled for game time since Lionel Messi’s arrival at Parc des Princes, was reportedly offered to Arsenal as they scoured the market for a new figure to lead their attack. However, they rejected the chance to sign the Argentinian as he did not fit the profile of striker they were looking to sign. READ MORE: Arsenal have bargain transfer to consider amid Tielemans reservations Romano added that Edu had prioritised the signing of Jesus and was not interested in pursuing any other targets, with the refusal occurring due to ‘technical or economical reasons’. Jesus has hit the ground running at Arsenal already, bagging four goals in pre-season including a delightful chip in their impressive 4-0 drubbing of Chelsea in Orlando last week. Icardi, meanwhile, faces another season on the sidelines unless he can secure a move away from Paris this summer. The 29-year-old signed from Inter Milan on an initial season-long loan in 2019 and hit the ground running under Thomas Tuchel, making his move permanent for £50.2m (€60m) after scoring 20 goals for the Ligue 1 giants in an impressive campaign. DON'T MISSArsenal 'rejected Icardi' in January as fresh details emerge over transferArsenal staff all feel the same about Gabriel Jesus following USA tourArteta's speech to Arsenal squad where he felt 'dead' emerges However, he has only managed to find the net 18 times in 58 appearances since then and started only 10 matches in the league last season, with a paltry return of just four goals. Even with new coach Christophe Galtier potentially giving him the chance for a clean slate, sporting director Luis Campos is keen to offload the out-of-favour forward. According to Foot Mercato, via Get French Football News, PSG are desperate to sell Icardi this summer but are finding it difficult to get a willing buyer, with the Argentina international reluctant to accept a reduction on his £200,000-a-week contract that has two years left to run. Roma and Atletico Madrid have both been tenuously linked with a move this summer. But as it stands, Icardi looks set to begin the season with the French champions.