Margot Robbie, 32, has had an incredibly successful Hollywood career but she has not forgotten where she started. The actress has been confirmed by Neighbours to be returning to the show for its final episode next week. Margot played Donna Freedman on the Channel 5 soap from 2008 until 2011. She will be returning for the finale along with Delta Goodrem, Jesse Spencer, Holly Valance, Carla Bonner, Natalie Imbruglia and Kym Valentine, who all started on the show. There will also be an appearance from Jason Donovan and Kylie Minogue, to mark the end of the show which has aired for 37 years. A source said: "Everyone working on the soap was determined that Neighbours would end on a real high and when they reached out to Margot she said 'yes' straight away. READ MORE: Kenneth More open on infidelity in marriage: 'I was a terrible flirt' "There was no way she wasn't going to be a part of the historic big finale as she's always spoken so fondly about her time on the soap and how it helped to launch her movie career. "Sadly, she couldn't get to Australia for filming but recorded a special clip that will be shown in the big finale", the source concluded to The Sun. Neighbours also took to their Twitter to make the big announcement last night. Along with their old head shots, Neighbours penned: "Surprise! You didn’t think we were done did you?! "We’re thrilled to share that Margot Robbie, Jesse Spencer, Delta Goodrem, Kym Valentine and Carla Bonner will all make an appearance in our finale!" Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their excitement over the huge announcement. PhilippaMiss said: "Donna is my favourite character of all time!" Katos1981 added: "And I'm crying again. And no I'm not celebrating (even though this is excellent news) I'm really bl***y sad." DON'T MISS... James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST] Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] DrWhoToo commented: "The very reason the show shouldn't have ended. "So many talented people were showcased and went on to brilliant careers. This is an unacceptable loss to Australia and the world." Margot made sure her presence was felt as the cast finished filming as she sent 37 bottles of champagne to the set, one for each year the show has been running. The show's executive producer Jason Herbison announced Robbie had sent the gift. The Hollywood actress previously praised the show for its "brilliant training" ahead of her successful career. She said: "I always said after walking off the soap everything would be easy after that. "It was a brilliant training ground. I used to sit down with 60 pages in my lap in the morning and just fly through it, read it once. Got it. I don't think I could do that now." You can watch the Neighbours finale on Channel 5 next Friday