Barcelona are telling Frenkie de Jong that joining Manchester United would be the ‘best move for his career’, according to reports. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. And, now, it appears a move is close. Manchester United have today agreed a deal with Barcelona for De Jong. The Red Devils will pay an initial £63million for the midfielder, with another £8.5m owed if certain bonuses and clauses are triggered. De Jong has so far been reluctant to leave Barcelona, having grown up supporting the club and forging close ties with the city in the three years since his move from Ajax. And The Athletic say Barcelona are now trying to convince the 25-year-old that his future lies in the Premier League. It’s claimed they’re telling De Jong a move to United ‘would be the best move for his career’. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Yet it remains to be seen whether they’re successful in jettisoning the Netherlands international. United don’t have Champions League football to offer De Jong, having qualified for the Europa League by finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. But the Red Devils are willing to make De Jong one of their best-paid players and have promised him a starring role as they plan for a brighter future. Ten Hag previously managed the midfielder at Ajax, helping to morph him into one of the best players in world football. And the 52-year-old is confident he can get De Jong firing in a way that Xavi, Ronald Koeman, Quique Setien and Ronald Koeman have all been unable to in recent years. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong If United do land De Jong, he’ll become their latest statement signing following their failure to qualify for the Champions League. In 2014, after finishing seventh under David Moyes, they forked out a huge £59m on Angel Di Maria. Di Maria failed to live up to expectations, however, with the Argentina international departing to Paris Saint-Germain just a year later. In 2016, after finishing fifth under Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho landed Paul Pogba for a massive £89m. That made the France international the costliest signing in world football, gazumping the £85m Real Madrid paid for Gareth Bale three years previously. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And United splashed the cash on Harry Maguire in 2019, with the England international moving from Leicester for £80m. Meanwhile, regarding De Jong, United legend Wes Brown recently expressed a belief he’d be a good fit for Ten Hag’s project. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he told Express Sport. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” But he also feels United need more than one midfielder this summer, too, saying: “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. “An experienced player.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here