The Duchess of Sussex was photographed stepping out of the Crosby Hotel in SoHo on Monday. In one picture, Meghan, 40, was seen holding hands with her friend and fellow feminist Gloria Steinem, 88. While Ms Steinem donned an all-black outfit, Meghan wore a fresh white blouse paired with blue Dior shorts. She accessorised her outfit with cognac Manolo Blahnik pumps, a Cult Gaia clutch and a belt by Ralph Lauren. Meghan and Ms Steinem are believed to have struck a friendship in the summer of 2020, just a few months after the Duke and Duchess relocated to California after having stepped down as working royals. Then, the Duchess and the feminist activist held a "backyard chat" filmed for Makers Women, a female empowerment platform. Their discussion focused in particular on the then-upcoming presidential elections and the importance to register to vote. Meghan also spoke about her husband Prince Harry, recalling how he told Ms Steinem he is "a feminist too". While the cameras were switched off, the Duchess and Ms Steinem also conducted a few cold calls to invite Americans to register to vote and cast their ballot in a few months' time. Almost two years later, Ms Steinem and Meghan's collaboration and understanding gained the spotlight again. READ MORE: Queen denied entrance to Windsor Horse Show in hilarious story The pair took part in a conversation with journalist Jessica Yellin in which they expressed their views on the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling, which since 1973 had granted abortion rights across the 50 states. In their interview, published by Vogue, the pair also discussed their fight to see the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) - a proposed amendment to the US Constitution designed to guarantee equal legal rights for all American citizens regardless of sex - ratified. Asked if the ratification of ERA is an issue she wants to tackle, Meghan said: "Without question. "Being home, seeing what’s happening in our country and feeling energized and motivated, if this is the type of legislation that we need pushed through, then this is a moment that I am absolutely going to show up for." After Ms Steinem said "we should put the pressure on the White House and Congress to enact it", Meghan chimed in to say: "Well, Gloria, maybe it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to DC together soon." Meghan travelled to New York to support Prince Harry as he delivered a deeply personal speech during a special General Assembly plenary session at the UN. The Duke was invited to deliver the keynote address by the Nelson Mandela Foundation on the day the UN pays tribute to the life and legacy of the South African president and anti-apartheid activist. In his speech, Harry warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" as he invited people to choose to be inspired by Mr Mandela's relentless spirit rather than give in to desperation. He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We’re living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom — the cause of Mandela’s life." He also urged politicians across the world to "lead" despite "resistance from powerful interests" while speaking about issues in Africa, a continent which he said provided much "peace and healing" to him throughout his life. There, Harry said, he found comfort following the death of his mother and realised he had found a "soulmate" in Meghan. He said: "It’s where I’ve felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife." Royal author Omid Scobie said the Duke and Duchess held meetings with UN ambassadors after the plenary session.