Fred Sirieix had been up for embarrassing himself in the name of the festive spirit, dying his hair bright red along with his partner Dianne Buswell and donning a turkey costume. However the First Dates and Celebrity Gogglebox star hadn't accounted for how intense his training sessions would be, until he collapsed vomiting. Fred admitted that he saw the health blip as a sign that his body had "had enough". "It was just a hardcore training session and I had a hard, long day - four hours dancing non-stop and dancing is sport," he exclaimed to Express.co.uk. "I do a lot of sport, but that was really intense and I just got back home and started to vomit. "That's just your body telling you you've had enough." READ NOW: Ainsley Harriott threatens legal action after sister nearly drowned He added: "The next day I went back to training and it was fine. I just needed to get it out of my system, I guess." It had only been the first session that was the most gruelling - but Fred is adamant that he still wouldn't attempt Dancing on Ice. The show has a reputation for being physically risky, after celebrities including Denise van Outen and Connor Ball injured themselves on the rink. Despite it being a firm no to ice skating, Fred says he'd still return to Strictly if the opportunity allows. He would be keen on doing a full series this time, instead of the short Christmas special he took part in last year. However he admits that the amount of time required to perfect his dance moves is daunting and lamented: "You either have it or you don't - I don't have it!" "It took me three weeks exactly to get the one and a half minute routine that we performed," he admitted. "Three weeks to get it and nail it and to be able to deliver it and perform it on the night. Three weeks - it was unbelievable." DON'T MISS... Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell [INSIGHT] Sharon Osbourne, 69, displays natural beauty after her face lift woes [LATEST] Ashley Roberts puts on braless display after showing off peachy rear [PHOTOS]  However his routine, involving flying through the air while dressed as a festive turkey, went down a storm with fans. Kate Garraway has shared Fred's frustrations with mastering the moves, revealing that the Quickstep he'd performed had left her requiring crutches. She admitted to him of her struggle: "I got tendonitis!", adding: "You have done well to still be walking!" In spite of his vomiting session, Fred admitted that his time on the show was "one of the greatest challenges that I've done". "It was a lot of fun and made me feel like I'd achieved something, so it was very good for the body and the soul," he explained. He says the only limit to what he is open to doing on screen in the future is producers' imaginations. For now, however, his TV role on Celebrity Gogglebox with the fiancee he affectionately describes as Fruitcake has been much more relaxing than his harrowing Strictly sessions. The couple's debut on the show last month involved nothing more physically taxing than chilling out on the sofa.