Piers Morgan made his highly-anticipated return to television screens this year as part of new channel TalkTV’s line-up. Fronting his own show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored, the former Good Morning Britain star vowed to take a no-holds-barred look at the day’s news while taking aim at the likes of cancel culture and wokeness. Now, just a few months into its run, he’ll be replaced by Jeremy Kyle as he takes a break throughout August. Speaking of his hiatus and Jeremy’s stint, Piers said: “I can imagine no finer broadcaster to keep my seat warm. “Well, I can, but they weren’t available. I’m sure he’ll do his best,” he joked. Jeremy said of taking over: “It is an honour and a privilege to take the helm on Uncensored while Piers is away. “He is the pre-eminent broadcaster of his generation. At least that’s what he told me to say. READ MORE: GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills “I’m looking forward to keeping his audiences in the UK, US, Australia and beyond informed, entertained and engaged with the best guests, the most challenging interviews and plenty of fun.” Piers also took to his Twitter page to confirm his temporary departure as well as a return date. He penned to his 7.9million followers: "That’s it for me on @PiersUncensored for the summer. "We’ve had a cracking first 56 shows, that started & ended with massive global scoops.  "Thanks to my brilliant team for all their hard work. I’m off to relax by grilling serial killers in American prisons. "Back on air Sept5," he signed off, assuring fans he'd soon be back on screens. And the announcement drew a mixed reaction from his followers. Twitter user Vicky McCormick praised: “Thanks Piers, see ya soon. Loved watching." DON'T MISS:Sharon Osbourne shuts down BBC host over Lionesses name change rowNaga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro finalNaga Munchetty shut down over persistent Rishi probe While Paula White agreed: “Ah will miss the show - well done on a brilliant first season.” And Chris Taylor echoed: “Congratulations on a successful opening. Love the work. And looking forward to the next." However, some still remain unconvinced by Piers' latest venture, with @Stormin624171188 suggesting: “So, thats it for now. No mention of viewing figures for some time. Finishing off with poor figures are we ? Time for reflection and adjustment." While Dean Morcombe added: “Come on. You know people just watched the highlights online. The actual show is really boring."  And Simon Thornley even claimed: “Pulled the plug, viewing figures at an all time low. Unlucky all the best for the next venture." The ratings for Piers' new show were sky-high when it first launched in April, with his exclusive interview with Donald Trump taking in 317,000 viewers. However, in the months since, TalkTV has been bested by the likes of GB News and other news outlets, with Press Gazette reporting its audience share was less than 0.2 percent for the month of June. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.