Landmark research revealed 62 per cent of people aged up to 25 had to endure waiting times of more than a month, with nine per cent experiencing delays of more than a year. The study also revealed 2,132 had tried to commit suicide before they could see a specialist. And a worrying 58 per cent said their mental and physical health had deteriorated while they waited, deepening their anxiety and stress. The figures came from a survey of 14,000 young people, commissioned by YoungMinds for its End The Wait campaign. The majority had struggled with their mental health over the past two years. Teenager Erin Auld gave a disturbing insight into the difficulties of getting help from Children and Mental Health Services (CAMHS), where delays of up to a year are now common. The 18-year-old, from Plymouth, made multiple suicide attempts as she waited for help. When it did arrive, her condition had worsened so the help was ineffective. “I made a number of suicide attempts,” she said. “I ended up in hospital a couple of times. I was put on another waiting list, this time for a psychiatrist. By the time I saw them six months later, I was even more unwell.”   Erin, who lived with undiagnosed autism, was given medication for OCD and put on a waiting list for cognitive behavioural therapy. “I was referred to CAMHS and put on a waiting list for therapy but by the time it came around, four months later, I was already more unwell,” she added. “The therapy was an early intervention exposure therapy, which is specifically for OCD. It didn’t do anything for the depression and anxiety I was now experiencing.” Erin spent time in a psychiatric intensive care unit as the issues persisted through her teenage years. With the help of support workers she was eventually well enough to be discharged just before her 18th birthday. She has since been unable to get help from adult mental health services and her local social care team lost her file. But Erin is now a YoungMinds activist helping others navigate through CAMHS’s waiting lists and fragmented services.  “I see CAMHS as a last resort. The threshold for support is too high and waiting lists too long,” she said. “There is no immediate support offered. I try everything else I can think of first.” The Sunday Express is campaigning for better resources to support young people with mental health issues and for more community hubs where they can get early intervention advice and counselling. YoungMinds’ End The Wait campaign calls on the Government to deliver on its promise to end the crisis in young people’s mental health. “Things are getting rapidly worse,” said Emma Thomas, the charity’s chief executive. “Referrals to the NHS are continuing to reach record highs but uncertainty in government means time and resources are being diverted from a rapidly escalating mental health crisis. This cannot continue. We will wait no longer. “The Government’s 10-year Mental Health Plan cannot be held hostage by political uncertainty – the fight for young people’s mental health doesn’t wait.” 