Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven, were photographed by a royal fan earlier this year helping themselves to ice cream with their mother, Kate Middleton. The royal children even have an ice cream vendor that they particularly enjoy. The ice cream in question is also very affordable for the average person in the UK, despite being loved by royalty.  Ice cream sales have soared over the past few weeks due to the UK’s unprecedented heatwave. The appreciation for the cool dessert has also extended to the Royal Family. Although some fans might assume George and Charlotte would opt for a fancy gelato, this is not always the case. In April this year, the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was seen treating Princess Charlotte and Prince George to a Mr Whippy ice cream cone at a local park vendor.  READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour A Mr Whippy cone is known as a 99, however, the average cost of a single cone with a flake is now £2.50. It was not the first time the Cambridges were spotted enjoying ice cream. In February 2020, the Duke and Duchess visited Mumbles in South Wales for a royal engagement. After heading to Mumbles RNLI, they went for a stroll and stumbled across Joe’s ice cream parlour. Kate ordered classic vanilla while William went for chocolate sprinkles. The Cambridges are not the only royals known to love ice cream. Recently Prince Charles also stopped off for ice cream during a royal visit to Morecambe. He went to the family-run ice cream shop Brucciani’s and opted for a scoop of vanilla. READ MORE: Kate and William warned to 'manage focus on children carefully' The Prince of Wales also ordered a more interesting raspberry ripple ice cream from Brostræde Fløde-IS back in 2012. This is the oldest ice cream shop in Denmark and the Prince visited the establishment during a tour of the old town that year. Meanwhile, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall tucked into a Mr Whippy with Judi Dench on a hot day in July 2018. Princess Anne was also spotted ordering ice creams from a vendor at the Whatley Manor Horse Trials at Gatcombe Park.  Her granddaughter, Mia Tindall, was pictured running around excitedly while her grandmother queued for the sweet treat. When she was little, Princess Eugenie was spotted tucking into ice cream at the Royal Windsor Horse Show back in 1994. As was her older sister, Princess Beatrice. Similarly, Savannah and Isla Phillips, the Queen's great-granddaughters, tucked on ice cream cones at the 2019 Festival of British Eventing horseback riding event. 