Bonnie Glaser, director of the Asia Program at the German Marshall Fund of the United States, issued her sobering remarks amid simmering tensions over Speaker of the US House of Representatives Ms Pelosi’s proposed trip. Ms Pelosi has been tight-lipped about details - but a member of the House foreign affairs committee today said she has invited other senior elected US officials to join her, apparently confirming her plans to go. Taiwan is a fully functioning democracy with its own President, Tsai Ing-wen - but China regards the island, located just 100 miles off the mainland, as part of its territory. Ms Glaser said: "The relationship is in such a toxic state. Mutual distrust is really at an all-time high. “I think people don't realise how dangerous this particular moment is.” Speaking before US President Joe Biden’s phone call with opposite number Xi Jinping today, Ms Glaser warned the stakes could scarcely be higher. Asked what would happen if the Speaker’s visit, details of which are yet to be confirmed, goes ahead, she told the Grid website: “It is likely I think that China will respond militarily. “I don’t think that they’re going to fire or try to shoot down Pelosi’s plane. But there are lots of other ways that they could try to interfere with the aircraft that she’s on. READ MORE: Biden-Xi SHOWDOWN - US holds call with China amid Taiwan tensions “They could try and prevent her from landing or force her to land on the mainland instead of in Taiwan, or just simply try to escort her aircraft showing that they have sovereignty over the airspace. “Even if the People’s Liberation Army aircraft fly within the territorial airspace of Taiwan, that would be a first. It would be unprecedented.” She added: “If Chinese aircraft tried to force Pelosi’s aircraft out of Taiwan’s airspace or prevent her from landing then that just increases the potential for a dangerous incident. DON'T MISS'Looks like an alien' Mutant kitten branded bad omen [INSIGHT] Shell gives North Sea gas field go-ahead: ‘No more imports!' [REVEAL]China's rogue rocket heads back to Earth! Experts pinpoint exact date [REPORT] “And that then would certainly cause a political crisis. “Whether it would escalate to a broader military crisis remains to be seen, but it would certainly cause a political crisis.” Beijing has issued escalating warnings about repercussions should Ms Pelosi travel to Taiwan, a move that would be a dramatic show of US support for the island, which says it is facing increasing Chinese military and economic threats. Washington does not have official relations with Taiwan and follows a "one-China" policy which recognises Beijing, not Taipei, diplomatically. However, it is obliged by US law to provide the island with the means to defend itself, and pressure has been mounting in Congress for more explicit support. The last time a Speaker of the US House of Representatives visited Taiwan was in 1997, and as a co-equal branch of government, the US executive has little control over congressional travel. Michael McCaul, a Texas Republican and senior member of the House foreign affairs committee, and Democrat Anna Eshoo, a close ally of 82-year-old Ms Pelosi, told NBC yesterday they had both been invited. Mr McCaul commented: “Any member that wants to go, should. It shows political deterrence to President Xi.“ “But Pelosi should also pay attention to the military if it’s going to cause a blowback and escalate things.”