Sebastian Vettel will decide whether he will quit F1 or sign a deal in “the next few weeks”. The four-time champion said he had not yet finalised his plans for next season when his contract comes to an end. However, he revealed he would only stay in the sport if he would be fighting for points and victories. Speaking to Sport1, Vettel commented: “The decision is still pending, but I will think about it in the coming weeks. Of course, it also depends on the direction in which the car develops [and] how much potential I see in the team. "I've already stressed several times that I want to fight for points, but also for victories. Otherwise the fun is lost. So, in the next few weeks, together with my family, I'll have to figure out how realistic my goals are, and how much energy I still feel inside me to continue growing together with the team." READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel involved in 'big argument' ahead of Austrian GP Last month, Vettel admitted he would decide his future based on races over the summer period. He also claimed there were a lot of things in the sport that he didn’t like. However, based on results alone, the German has struggled to compete at the sharp end of the midfield. He has scored just ten points since he revealed he was questioning his future with eight of these coming in one race in Azerbaijan. Since, he has picked up just two points at Silverstone and finished below the top-10 in Canada and Austria. Vettel’s future surrounds whether he wants to continue rather than if he would be offered a new deal by the team. Aston Martin boss Mike Krack said the team would need to convince Vettel to sign up to a new deal with the team by selling the “potential” going forwards. DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel fined for storming out of drivers' meeting in anger [INSIGHT]Sebastian Vettel learns of 'strange' Austrian GP penalty mid-interview [COMMENT]Sebastian Vettel's X-rated team radio message during Austrian GP [ANALYSIS] Krack has also confirmed the team would be interested in keeping Vettel and had already started discussions over his future. He explained: “We were always clear that if he wants to continue, we would like him to stay for long, yes. We are talking. We have a very, very good relationship, and it is not that we have to set each other deadlines. Obviously at one point, if we drag that too long, we will also be running into trouble, and he’s aware of that. But they are very trustworthy discussions that we are having. From that point of view, it’s all good.”