Lord Peter Lilley, who served as Margaret Thatcher's Trade Secretary in 1990, penned a piece in the Sun sharing his thoughts on the race to replace Boris Johnson as Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister. The Brexit-backing Baron had been a prominent Cabinet ally when Margaret Thatcher was pondering over whether to quit as Prime Minister following by-election defeats, the Poll Tax and a Tory Party split over Europe. Lord Lilley, who served as the MP for St Albans from 1983 to 1997 before moving to nearby Hitchin & Harpenden until 2017, said: "Rishi now argues we must follow that example and get borrowing down to curb inflation, even if that means higher taxation initially before we can begin cutting taxes. "He has bravely stuck to that view despite its unpopularity. "I give him top marks for Thatcherite courage." However, he also lauded Liz Truss for her Thatcherite credentials. JUST IN: 'Huge problems!' Ex-Thatcher aide slams 'arrogant' Sunak following leadership debate He said: "Both candidates have equal claim to be Thatcherites. Neither is her equal." Lord Lilley concluded: "Maggie’s ultimate strength was that she won elections. "She not only pursued policies which created prosperity but could present those policies convincingly to the wider public. "On that score, my vote is for Rishi." READ MORE: Brexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’ after EU launches legal action Mrs Thatcher won three consecutive elections and resided in Number 10 from 1979 to 1990. Ex-Tory leader William Hague, who preceded Mr Sunak as the MP for Richmond, has also suggested the Iron Lady would have been supportive of the ex-Chancellor. Despite Lord Lilley's backing, a former aide to Mrs Thatcher claimed the ex-Chancellor appears "arrogant" and faces "huge problems" following his head-to-head debate with Liz Truss in Stoke-on-Trent last night. Nile Gardiner, who served as a foreign policy researcher for the Iron Lady between 2000 and 2002, took to social media to take aim at Mr Sunak. DON'T MISS'Accept Brexit!' Dolan takes aim at France over Channel crossing chaos [REPORT]Disabled driving permits may be rejected in Europe due to Brexit [ANALYSIS]Truss to supercharge Brexit Britain's growth by slashing red tape [INSIGHT]