Sky Glass has been on sale since the end of last year and those who have been pondering making the switch from services such as Freeview to this clever telly might be tempted by a brand new deal. Sky has just announced an offer that's dishing out premium channels and full access to Netflix on this television without paying a penny for the privilege. This fabulous freebie lasts for the first three months of the contract and includes over 100 channels. To make things even more enticing Sky is promising that the deal includes channels you won’t find on Freeview with customers treated to shows from platforms such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Comedy and National Geographic. Thanks to that Netflix access there are also endless boxsets to binge on and plenty of blockbuster movies to watch. Current Netflix content includes the latest season of Drive to Survive and new Stranger Things episodes. Another advantage of switching to Sky Glass is that all of the content is beamed to the big screen via an internet connection which means there's no need for an ugly dish to be stuck to the outside of your home and no annoying installation. READ MORE: Best Sky Deals: Get discounts on TV packages with Sky Glass and Sky Q If you weren't already aware, Sky Glass comes in three sizes including 43-inch, 55-inch and 65-inch versions. There are also a number of colours to choose from and this TV also comes with a sound bar built in so there's no need to buy a separate audio boosting speaker. Sky has actually managed to pack six powerful speakers inside its Glass TV including a subwoofer and it's even compatible with the latest 360° Dolby Atmos sound technology. Other benefits include a voice remote with backlit keys, full access to on-demand content via Sky's Playlist option and seamless compatibility with streaming services such as Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video. Prices for the TV start from £13 per month with Sky's content usually costing extra. However, this new deal means that for the first three months all you'll pay is the price for the telly and nothing else. YOU CAN SEE THE SKY GLASS DEALS HERE If you want to know more about Sky Glass you can read Express.co.uk's full Glass review here. Once the first three months are up you'll then pay £26 per month on top of the price of the TV. There's also a £10 upfront fee to pay.