The outspoken tennis star lost the final to Novak Djokovic on Sunday. The Aussie player struggled to keep his cool and swore during the set, causing the BBC to apologise for the foul language. Kyrgios also asked the umpire to kick out a "drunk" fan from the front row. He claimed the woman looked like she had consumed "about 700 drinks" and needed to be removed from the arena. He told the umpire: “It shouldn’t be coming down to your opinion. It’s distracting me when I am serving in a Wimbledon final. "There’s no other bigger occasion, you didn’t believe me and she did it again and it nearly cost me the game. Why is she still here?! She is drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of the game.  "What is acceptable? Keep her out. I know exactly which one it is, it’s the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.” The 27-year-old showed his frustration with colourful language as he attempted to overcome his insurmountable Serbian opponent, who claimed his seventh Wimbledon title in four sets. Kyrgios received a warning for an audible obscenity midway through the third set saying "a f***ing joke" after the double fault that followed. Commentator Andrew Castle apologised for the foul language, saying: “Apologies for the language. It’s live sport.” READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios developed Rafael Nadal theory during Wimbledon final The Aussie player has in the past had run-ins with line judges, umpires and even admitted to trying to hit his opponent Rafael Nadal during their Wimbledon match three years ago. On Sunday, Prince George watched the tense match up from the stands with his parents Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. During the match, George was snapped covering his head with his hands, with many believing it was a reaction to the swearing. Royal fans rushed to social media to give their opinions on the matter. DON'T MISS: George exempt from longstanding Wimbledon rule after final appearance [INSIGHT]Prince George delights fans at Wimbledon [ANALYSIS]Prince George gets his hands on Wimbledon trophy - WATCH [COMMENT] One tweeted: "The little Prince George was not impressed with all the swear words from Nick. His expression got me laughing so hard earlier." Another added: "These constant foul-mouthed tirades by Nick Kyrgios at the Wimbledon Final right in front of the Royal Box and young eight-year-old Prince George are a disgrace. "Hope he gets fined big time." Richard Eden, Daily Mail diary editor, said: "All this foul language: does #NickKyrgios not realise #PrinceGeorge is watching? #royal #Wimbledon." The Australian player was handed a £3,000 fine for his explosive outbursts on the court, to go along with other penalties for incidents in earlier tournaments - which are believed to total around £455,000.