Gwyneth Paltrow, 49, said doesn’t regret quitting her acting career after receiving backlash for winning the Academy Award in 1999 for Best Actress. The star won the award for her performance in Shakespeare In Love and was told by many that she didn’t deserve it, including Glenn Close who said “it didn’t make sense”. She appeared on America’s Today Show to say the moment was a huge turning point in her career. The Iron Man star explained: “I think it was probably around the time of winning the Oscar where you go from people kind of being curious about you or discovering you or rooting for you to it all being upended. “People really want to tear you down and take great pleasure in it. “It ends up being a really beautiful lesson in knowing who you are. Loving the people you love. Being totally in integrity. And like f**k everybody else.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  The star stepped back from acting in order to pursue her health and lifestyle brand Goop. She launched the business as a weekly newsletter in 2008 and has since gone on to build it into a major lifestyle brand. Since then she sells clean cosmetics and candles as well as other products. The star even branched the business out into a Netflix series. Her interview comes after a recent racy Instagram post she shared with her eight million followers on Sunday. While laying in bed, wearing a pair of stylish glasses, the actress created a post to promote her new product. “I love to sleep. I love to exfoliate. “And I love anything that does all the work while I'm in bed, which is why I'm thrilled to introduce our BRAND NEW GOOPGLOW Dark Spot Exfoliating Sleep Milk.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING] Her fans and friends came on to the post to share their thoughts and well wishes, Justina Blakeney wrote: “Yup! Need this! congrats on the launch!” Jjmartinmilan said: “I feel like I need it ASAP. You look amaze balls as ever.” Hollyaudreywilliams commented: “I cannot WAIT to get this one.” Sarahdowning said: “But can we talk about these glasses for a moment?” The product she advertises sells for $98 on the official Goop website, while claiming that it targets “sun damage, dark spots, pores, dullness, and uneven skin tone and texture, too”.