Emotions run higher during a Pisces Moon - even the most simple decisions can carry an emotional undertone - which can come as a shock to the system after the hard-headed Aquarius transit. But to confuse things further, the influence of the Sun's clash with aloof Saturn might make it tricky to identify where feelings lie. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 16. Mercury will align with the Sun this afternoon, but first, both bodies will form quincunxes to Saturn in the morning. This can stir some sensitivity around how our ideas are received and while exacerbated by the emotional Pisces Moon influence, this can lead to some unnecessary outbursts. Cafe Astrology said: “Mental anxiety could interfere with making good, practical choices. “There can be communication challenges or mental blocks, or the desire to enjoy ourselves can clash with our material goals. READ MORE: Signal from distant galaxy may be a neutron star ‘on steroids’  “Doubts might slow down our movements and initiatives.” The Sun quincunx with Saturn, which is due to take place at 12.34pm, can play a role in hampering freedom and self-expression, according to Astrology King. It said: “An imbalance between what you want to do and what you have to do can cause frustration and tension.” It’s important to try and remain flexible, adaptable and open-minded during this period to adjust better to barriers.  The Mercury quincunx with Saturn, due to take place at 4.55pm can stir problems around concealed fears and negative thoughts. Astrology King said: “Suspicion and cynicism are possible if you always look at the worst-case scenario first. “Procrastination is possible and you may take extra time to make decisions.” However, this testing period can also be a good time to sit with your thoughts and take a break before forging ahead. DON'T MISS: James Webb has UK 'at its core' as NASA releases new snaps [PICTURES]How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [EXPLAINED]Flight attendant shares ultimate packing secrets [INSIGHT]    Cafe Astrology said: “We might now see the need to adjust our plans based on new responsibilities or a reality check. “The Mercury-Sun alignment this afternoon offers us a nice window of opportunity to clearly see our goals in our personal or domestic worlds. “This is a superior conjunction of Mercury and the Sun and can stimulate an epiphany, illumination of a matter, or a clearing of the air.” You might feel sharper, more communicative, and open to new ideas this evening, and what we do and say at this point might have a more lasting effect - which could go one of two ways.  Cafe Astrology said: “A Mercury-Venus parallel aspect also influencing the day points to a willingness to share our thoughts and feelings and to accommodate others. “We may want to watch for intellectualising issues that require sensitivity.” The day will end with the Sun joining Mercury in emotional Cancer at 8.38pm further enhancing sensitivities. With a day spent fending off incessant emotional outbursts, all you can really do is embrace your feelings today - every move is a learning curve. 