Elvis Presley is being celebrated this month after the release of the biopic, Elvis, which tells the story of the King's life. His ex-wife, Priscilla Presley, has often spoken about her relationship with the King over the years, and once confessed that she didn't feel as if she truly had "teenage years" due to the couple getting together so early. Elvis met Priscilla in Friedberg, Germany, in 1959 while he was in the US Military. Although Priscilla was just 14-years-old at the time, and Elvis was 24-years-old, the pair hit it off instantly. Their relationship continued to blossom, and when Elvis returned to the USA Priscilla wasn't far behind him. Before long, she was living with him at Graceland. Years later, in 1967, the pair got married in Las Vegas. A year after that, Priscilla gave birth to their child, Lisa Marie Presley. Priscilla has since revealed she "lost herself" during her years with Elvis. Priscilla spoke on The Jonathan Ross Show, where she opened up about the internal struggles she endured. "You start losing yourself and who you are," Priscilla remembered. "And people always wanted to know - and still do actually - want to know about him." Even when Priscilla and Elvis were married, the only thing people would ask her about was her husband. "I do understand it a lot better now than when I was younger,” Priscilla went on. Before opening up about her own struggles. Priscilla revealed she did not have a childhood. READ MORE: Dolly Parton 'wept' after having to turn down Elvis Presley offer "I was kind of lost, really," Priscilla confessed. "In who I was earlier in my life. I really didn’t have teenage years." Priscilla explained how she was conditioned to be what Elvis wanted. She said: "I thought the way he did. I knew what he liked and what he didn't like. I knew his thoughts, I knew everything you could possibly do." Priscilla eventually divorced Elvis on October 9, 1973. DON'T MISS...Dolly Parton 'wept' after having to turn down Elvis Presley offer [INFO]Elvis: Linda Thompson shares sweet photos and secret baby speculation [NEWS]Elvis grandson: Lisa Marie shares 'eternal bond' photo with late son [INSIGHT] Elvis had become dependent on different drugs, and there had been problems in the past with infidelity on both sides of the marriage. In 2016, she confessed: "I did not divorce him because I didn’t love him. He was the love of my life, but I had to find out about the world." This freedom was exactly what she needed, it turned out. She also noted: "I'm much more comfortable with [myself] now because I am my own person." Priscilla still doesn't have anything bad to say about Elvis. She revealed that she "loved" being married to Elvis. “I was always ready to greet him at the door and pamper him," she said. “I loved taking care of Elvis very much. I loved tending to him. I loved feeding him. We would baby talk, because you have to have your own language when you have that many people around." She added: "It was a good life. It was different, but it was ours. I truly cherish the great times. As you grow up, there are always fears and insecurities. But as you get older you understand it all.” SOURCE / SOURCE