If all goes to plan, Erik ten Hag will reinforce Manchester United’s backline by bringing in Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. The Argentina international is expected to move to Old Trafford, despite also being eyed by Arsenal. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils’ defensive options could look if everything goes the Dutchman’s way. Let’s start with Martinez. Arsenal are keen on the 24-year-old, with Mikel Arteta apparently planning on using the Argentina international as a left-back over at the Emirates Stadium. But United are now frontrunners in the race for his signature after upping the ante over the past 24 hours. Martinez is being eyed by the Red Devils because, in their eyes, he’s different to anything else the club have at their disposal. His versatility is likely to be important, too, with the Argentine also capable of playing as a defensive-midfielder. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Harry Maguire could lose the captaincy at United after toiling under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But the 29-year-old won’t be sold, with Ten Hag eager to get the England international back to his best. Maguire, on his day, is one of the best defenders in the Premier League despite the widespread mockery he receives on social media. It’s previously been reported that he’ll form one part of Ten Hag’s first-choice centre-back pairing going forward. And whether he can rediscover his best form, after 12 months of inconsistency, is something only tim will tell. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen A year ago, United were torn between going for Raphael Varane or Pau Torres. And it was the France international who Solskjaer ended up choosing, with the defender arriving from Real Madrid for a fee of £40million. Varane had a solid, if unspectacular, first year at United. But hopes are high he can now kick on, especially if the 2018 World Cup winner is able to put his injury problems behind him. Varane and Maguire are likely to be starting together, with Martinez potentially deployed in midfield as United look to stop conceding as many goals under Ten Hag as they did under his predecessors. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Victor Lindelof is a curious case. Good in a tackle, composed on the ball and an all-round slick operator, the Sweden international is a popular player among supporters. But weaknesses in his game, such as his aerial ability and physicality, still remain. Regardless, Lindelof won’t be leaving United this summer. Footage uploaded to social media also shows him appearing to have struck up a good rapport with Ten Hag at Carrington already. Whether he’s a starter or merely a squad player, however, is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United, as a club, are open to parting ways with Eric Bailly. Fulham have showed an interest in the Ivory Coast international, while Villarreal have been mooted as potential suitors for the player as well. However, Ten Hag has told members of the squad that he’s willing to give everybody a clean slate - especially if they want to stay. Bailly is more than happy to stay at United, meaning it’s likely at the current moment in time he won’t be on the move. Whether he can finally fulfil his potential however, after years of blowing hot and cold, remains to be seen.