But George Freeman MP, Minister for Science, Research and Innovation, has insisted that Mr Johnson should go now. After it was announced that Mr Johnson was set to resign as Tory leader, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace wrote in a post on Twitter: “A number of us have an obligation to keep this country safe, no matter who is PM. “The Party has a mechanism to change leaders and that is the mechanism which I advise colleagues to use. In the meantime, the public would not forgive us if we left these Offices of State empty.” Mr Freeman agreed that important ministers should remain in their places, but he did not count the Prime Minister as being among these. “Now PM has finally done the decent thing he needs to hand in the seals of office, apologise to Her Majesty, allow her to appoint a Caretaker under whom Ministers can serve, so the Conservative Party can choose a new leader properly.” He did not offer a suggestion as to who should take the role of caretaker prime minister. BBC Radio Four also quoted an unnamed Cabinet Minister who said Mr Johnson staying in office until autumn would be “controversial”. READ MORE: Brexiteer says next PM WILL be a Leaver Financial Times Whitehall Editor Sebastian Payne revealed in a post on Twitter: “I've had 15 WhatsApp messages from Conservative MPs  in the last 30 mins. Not a single one thinks Boris Johnson can remain Prime Minister until the autumn. “Conversations are taking place with Sir Graham Brady about whether the contest will be sped up.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] He argued: “Blair has failed in his great ambition to take Britain into the euro; he has failed to reform the welfare state. He has done some good things and he has some excellent qualities. “But he has nothing more to say to the British public except that he wants to give them another six months to show that they really love him and will really miss him. Ex-Scottish Conservatives' leader Ruth Davidson has today added pressure on Mr Johnson to leave office now, stressing: “There’s no way he can stay on until October. “It’s arrant nonsense to think he can.”