Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer has joined The Royal Round Up's Pandora Forsyth to discuss Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's summer schedule. The royal couple is expected to end the traditional summer season with a journey to the Sandringham Flower Show in Norfolk which is reported to have become a poignant ceremony for Charles as the prince remembers his late grandmother. Mr Palmer told The Royal Round Up: "I am only speculating about this but normally the last thing that Charles and Camilla do which would typically be the end of the regular royal summer season would be to go to the Sandringham Flower Show. "I think that's sort of middle next week, so it's not been announced whether they're going or not and I'm not privy to that information at the moment. "But it wouldn't surprise me if they were spending a few days up in Norfolk." He added: "It's actually really them paying homage to the Queen Mother to Charles's beloved granny because it was something she always did and she always combined attending the Sandringham flower show with spending a few days at Sandringham house and surrounded by interesting people and friends, artists, poets, writers. "Charles has continued that tradition and started off still inviting many of the same people. and it's, I think there's been a gradual transition. so it's now more people who are his friends his and Camilla's friends. "So you get people like Jools Holland staying for a while, the musician, Dame Maggie Smith has been quite a regular visitor over the years." Meanwhile, Buckingham Palace has announced the Prince of Wales will represent the Queen at the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony. Charles, who will be joined by the Duchess of Cornwall, will deliver a speech next Thursday during the launch of the global sporting event being hosted by Birmingham.  He will also read a message from the Queen put in the Commonwealth Games Baton, which has been carried to all 72 nations and territories of the Commonwealth during a 294-day journey. Members of the royal family, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Royal and Earl and Countess of Sussex, will attend events celebrating the games, meeting competitors, volunteers and support staff, visiting venues and attending sporting fixtures. During a summit of Commonwealth leaders in Rwanda last month, Charles said he is looking forward to visiting the games. He said: "In a world currently riven by conflict and division, these Games - so aptly called 'the friendly games' - stand as a shining celebration of our unity, our diversity and our pursuit of shared excellence." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan [LIVE BLOG]Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’? [POLL]With friends like Joe Biden Britain doesn't need enemies PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] Queen Elizabeth is not scheduled to attend the Commonwealth Games The event is attended by athletes from the Commonwealth network of 54 countries, most of which are former British colonies. The 96-year old queen spent a night in hospital last October for an unspecified illness and subsequently kept out of the spotlight for much of 2022, with the palace citing "episodic mobility issues". However, she appeared on the balcony of her royal residence in London during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month and also recently attended the opening of a London rail line named in her honour.