Loose Women presenter Carol McGiffin has come under fire for her comments surrounding the introduction of calories to food and drinks menus. During Friday's episode, the panellist said people advocating for the addition of numbers beside our favourite dishes are "lazy". Joined by stars Frankie Bridge, Jane Moore and Sunetra Sarker, the foursome were discussing a multitude of topics before the comment was made. It was the debate on whether alcoholic drinks should include a calorie indicator on restaurant and pub menus, that really riled the public. Sparking backlash from viewers, Carol's opinion was not well received. She felt people wanting to count calories should already be aware of them in certain foods without the rest of the restaurant having to read them too. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? "It's the government taking away responsibility," Carol aggressively made her point clear. Following her statement, Jane chipped in: "For the people watching who are going, 'It's alright for Carol, she's a skinny mini' answer that question." Carol hit back: "The reason I'm not fat is because I don't want to be fat." Justifying her sharp words, Carol used her own story and experience with weight loss to highlight her argument. She said: "If you want to know you can make it your business, I don't need the government telling me everything because I don't need to know." Sharing details from her teenage years, she told the panel when she was "around 18 or 20" she bought Slimming World books. This was because she felt her clothes getting tight and in the end, by default memorised the calorific value of most things. Sunetra explained some people use calories on menus as a way to educate themselves. DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin addresses fears amid 22-year age gap with husband [INSIGHT]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture [INSIGHT]Carol McGiffin addresses Loose Women feud 'Pressure to deny a rift' [INSIGHT] But an angered Carol responded: "But it's a bit lazy, isn't it?" As expected, viewers at home had a lot to say on the matter and were not all pleased with the tone of the debate. Orla Cassley wrote on Twitter: "Caroline on #LooseWomen 'I'm not fat because I don't want to be' blah blah blah WOW talk about fat shaming there." Another Twitter user, SianyReHa slammed: "Calories on menus is dangerous for those with anorexia and eating disorders #LooseWomen @loosewomen." However some audience members were in agreement with Carol's argument to rid menus of calories. Kelly R posted: "#LooseWomen no no no calories should not be anywhere unless you ask for them living with a daughter with anorexia nervosa is horrendous trying to eat out it causes more harm than good #eatingdisorders." While a third added: "Ffs, in the current climate, people are going to be looking more at the price on the menu than the calories… #loosewomen." Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm