WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul and Breaking Bad. The sixth and final season of Better Call Saul has been delivering bombshell after bombshell as the AMC prequel drama heads towards its hotly-anticipated finale. From the deaths of Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) and Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) to Kim Wexler’s (Rhea Seehorn) decision to give up her law career in episode nine, fans have had plenty of jaw-dropping moments. However, arguably one of the most anticipated scenes to come in the final season is the return of Breaking Bad’s Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). It was announced ahead of the Better Call Saul season six premiere that the two would appear, although exactly how remained a mystery. But thanks to the fast-forward fans witnessed in season six, episode nine, titled Fun and Games, some fans have spotted a huge timeline clue that could link their return to Jesse’s old pal Badger (Matt Jones). At the end of Fun and Games, AMC viewers are transported to Saul’s (Bob Odenkirk) lavish and garish mansion where he’s just awoken from a night of passion with an escort. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘spot’ Lalo Salamanca in Breaking Bad Straight on his Bluetooth headset, Saul starts berating his assistant about which clients are in his diary for the day. And while reeling off the long list, a key quote has caught eagle-eyed fans’ eyes, as Saul says: “Another public masturbator? Which one? “A new guy? Huh. Everyone must be doing it,” Saul continues. Saul then sits down for breakfast, still on the phone of course, after selecting a pastel shirt and orange patterned tie. Soon after, he arrives at his iconic office Breaking Bad fans are familiar with before readying himself for the day. Now, a number of fans have picked up on the fact that when Saul is first introduced in Breaking Bad, it’s to represent Badger for what he wrongly thinks is a public masturbation case. It was left to Badger to tell Saul in Breaking Bad: “That ain’t me man. I was the guy selling meth.” Breaking Bad fans will know that what followed was Walter and Jesse kidnapping and holding Saul at gunpoint, telling him to do all he could to make sure Badger went free and didn’t give anything up to the DEA. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death sceneBetter Call Saul: When did Bob Odenkirk have heart attack filming?Rhea Seehorn real name: What is Better Call Saul star's real name? Spotting the potential timeline crossovers in Breaking Bad, fans now think episode 10 of Better Call Saul season six will show Walter and Jesse in some capacity. Twitter user Ahamed Yaser put forward the evidence, tweeting alongside the Better Call Saul scene: “Here he talks about Branden (Badger)… “And this is From Season 2, Episode 8,” they continued sharing screengrabs of Saul and Badger’s Breaking Bad interaction. And apparently, the next episode will be the appearance of Walter and Jesse. Better call saul fast-forwarded straight into #BreakingBad #BetterCallSaul.” Fellow user @MaxPurdueNY agreed: “Idk if anyone caught this but in the new episode towards the end saul gets a call about a public masturbation case, and when he meets badger in breaking bad he asks if he’s the one with the public masturbation case so we are very close to seeing Walt.” Venus Van Vanity added: “If you watched Better Call Saul 6x09, you already know that Walt and Jesse must definitely appear in the next episode.” While @juicedwithjulie mused: “Yesterday’s episode of Better Call Saul was phenomenal. I suspect Walt and Jessie’s appearance will happen next episode because we need to see what happens to Saul in Omaha.” And @ZonbieGuy33 simply put: “BETTER CALL SAUL HAS ENTERED BREAKING BAD TIMELINE OMG.” (sic) So can fans expect to finally see Walt and Jesse back in the AMC universe? Better Call Saul season 6 airs Monday on AMC in the USA and Netflix UK on Tuesday.