A person contacted the bank over Twitter after they received an email, with another person’s account details. The person, whose Twitter bio says that they are based in Canada, said: “Living half way across the world and got an email with someone's account info, addressed to me. “Their DOB is almost the same as mine.” The concerned person urged the bank that “I need answers” to find out if this was case of identity theft or just a coincidence.” The bank responded to say that the email could be a hoax. It said: “From the information provided, it sounds like you've received a scam email." READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas Lloyds also asked for the person to send them an image of the email that they had received. The bank recently alerted customers to a surge in scams targeting young people in the UK, with Britons losing around £1,400. Fraudsters have been trying to con students into handing over cash and personal information. A study by the banking group found that purchase scams, when people send money to fraudsters via bank transfer, have shot up by 17 percent in the past year.  Impersonation scams are also on the rise, when a criminal pretends to be a close friend or family member, with the average amount lost being £1,457. Simon Miller, from Stop Scams UK, spoke to Express.co.uk about some of the other signs that an email or text could be a scam. He said: “If something feels as if it’s too good to be true, it is. “Always be mindful of unexpected approaches about things. READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas  “There will always be some legitimate reasons why firms or businesses will contact you, but when they do, always check the email addresses they come from. “Look out for those misplaced hyphens, the slight changes in spelling. “No one is ever going to ask for your log in details, your credit card numbers, your personal details. Never give those away.” Stop Scams UK has launched the 159 phone line, to help those who have received a suspicious call supposedly from their bank. The service connects the person securely to their bank, so they can hang up and call 159 to make sure that they are legitimately talking to their bank. HMRC recently issued three tips to help people spot a scam: Stop: Take a moment to think before parting with your money or information. If a phone call, text or email is unexpected, don’t give out private information or reply, and don’t download attachments or click on links before checking on GOV.UK that the contact is genuine. Do not trust caller ID on phones. Numbers can be spoofed. Challenge: It’s OK to reject, refuse or ignore any requests - only criminals will try to rush or panic you. Search ‘scams’ on GOV.UK for information on how to recognise genuine HMRC contact and how to avoid and report scams. Protect: Forward suspicious texts claiming to be from HMRC to 60599 and emails to phishing@hmrc.gov.uk. Report tax scam phone calls on GOV.UK. Contact your bank immediately if you think you’ve fallen victim to a scam and report it to Action Fraud.