Prince William's wife was chosen by Camilla to take pictures of her for the upcoming issue of Country Life, which the Duchess of Cornwall has guest-edited. Kate, a keen amateur photographer, snapped a series of portraits of her mother-in-law, one of which has been released today. As noted by Country Life's editor-in-chief Mark Hedges, this opportunity marks a first and a milestone for the Duchess of Cambridge. He said: "We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph." Mr Hedges complimented Kate on her skills and added her works would always be welcome on the pages of Country Life. He said: "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" In the photo taken by Kate just released, Camilla smiles at the camera while sitting on a wooden bench. Donning a baby blue and white dress with a floral pattern below a matching cardigan, the Duchess appears relaxed in the gardens of Raymill, her Wiltshire retreat. On her right-hand side, Camilla also has a basket filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief A second picture by Kate will be used in the upcoming Country Life issue. The snap will be included on the leader page and shows Camilla walking among forget-me-nots at Raymill. Camilla's issue of Country Life published on July 13 is special as it marks the Duchess' upcoming 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary. The Duchess is the third member of the Royal Family to take on the role of guest editor at the magazine. A second picture by Kate will be used in the upcoming Country Life issue. The snap will be included on the leader page and shows Camilla walking among forget-me-nots at Raymill. Camilla's issue of Country Life published on July 13 is special as it marks the Duchess' upcoming 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary. The Duchess is the third member of the Royal Family to take on the role of guest editor at the magazine. The Prince of Wales guest-edited Country Life's pages for the first time in November 2013, to mark his 65th birthday. He returned in the same role five years later, for his 70th birthday, and the issue was a huge success, as it remains Country Life's biggest-selling one. Another royal to mark their 70th birthday by guest-editing the magazine has been Princess Anne, who took on the temporary role in July 2020. These three members of the Firm aren't the only ones to have worked in an editorial role. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, guest-edited the pages of the issue of British Vogue released in September 2019. Two years prior, Prince Harry had guest-edited the BBC Radio 4's Today programme, bringing together an episode focused on the Armed Forces, mental health, youth crime and climate change. His father Charles and former US President Barack Obama were among his most notable guests. And Kate took on the role for a day at the Huffington Post UK in February 2016. Kate's photography skills have been praised on several occasions since the Duchess started to release portraits of her children to mark their birthdays. But her work is not limited to family members, as in early 2020 it emerged Kate had joined a project marking the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, for which she took two stunning portraits of Holocaust survivors Yvonne Bernstein and Steven Frank surrounded by their grandchildren. These photographs were later included in an exhibition at the Imperial War Museum. The Duchess' passion for photography was acknowledged in 2019, when the Queen passed on to her the patronage of the Royal Photographic Society.