Memphis Depay could leave Barcelona this summer, just 12 months on from his move to the Nou Camp. The Netherlands international is being linked with a switch to Tottenham and he could move to the Premier League for a second time, having previously turned out for Manchester United. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at everything the 28-year-old has said about his time at Old Trafford. Manchester United expected big things from Depay when they signed him from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015. The Netherlands international was given the club’s famous No 7 jersey which had previously been worn by A-listers such as Cristiano Ronaldo, David Beckham and Eric Cantona. And things started well enough, with Depay scoring an impressive brace as United put Club Brugge to the sword shortly after his arrival. In the end, however, things just didn’t work out for the Barcelona star. After 18 months of toiling, he was sold to Lyon by Jose Mourinho - though United put a buy-back clause into the deal. And, in 2018, Depay broke his silence about how his time at Manchester went. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Speaking to Canal+ that year, he said: "I know how it works in football. "I'm the one who gets all the punches. 'Memphis is crazy', 'Memphis does this...'. I cannot be anyone else but Memphis. “I tried that, and I was not happy with myself. Back in Manchester, I was not happy with myself. "How can I be a great football player when you're not happy with yourself? I looked in the mirror and I was not happy, I was sad. “Now I'm happy to be myself. Honestly, in terms of quality... nothing [is lacking to be the best in the world]. I'm not arrogant but I need to be more consistent perhaps." In 2019, Depay proceeded to lash out at Louis van Gaal and his style of play at Old Trafford. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Writing in his autobiography ‘Heart of a Lion’, Depay blasted: “I was convinced I could add something that wasn’t there yet. Creativity. Boldness. Moves. “Manchester United is one of the biggest clubs in the world. In name. But for years, they played football that put you to sleep.” Then, last year, Depay twice opened up on his disastrous spell in England. In May, he said: “[Lyon] will be in my heart, a part of my life. I thought about adding a tattoo: a souvenir or a date. Coming here was a great decision. "People would say to me: ‘But why are you leaving Manchester United? A new coach will arrive, you in the biggest club in the world…’ "In their place, I would have been sad to see a player wasting good years by staying at a big club and playing too little. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "There, I lost my joy, and my football. Here, I found them.” Then, in August, he said: "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing. He added: "I realised [at United] that I had to start over and show everyone that I could be one of the best. "I had a long contract, of five years, and a good salary, but I did not feel comfortable. So I left and it was the best decision I could have made." Depay could now return to England with Tottenham. But with United needing a versatile forward of their own, it would be interesting to see if Erik ten Hag tried to hijack any potential deal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here