David Davis has hit out at Liz Truss over the Conservative leadership frontrunner's record on Brexit. Mr Davis suggested the Foreign Secretary was a reluctant Brexit supporter when asked by radio presenter Andrew Marr to explain his decision to back Ms Truss' rival for the leadership, Penny Mordaunt. Mr Davis told Andrew Marr: "What ex-Lib Dem?! "Voted remain in the referendum, made the last speech in favour of remain pretty much in a referendum, was enthusiastic for remain and now because it because it's suitable to future prospects and the party has become a Brexiteer. "I know which one I trust the one who fought the case, Penny mordant right through including in cabinet including what is the disadvantage or Liz. "it's obvious to me, it's obvious to me that Penny is the better call." Ms Truss received a surge in support as she battles it out against Penny Mordaunt to face Rishi Sunak in the Tory leadership election run-off after Kemi Badenoch was eliminated. The Foreign Secretary picked up 15 votes to command the support of 86 Tory MPs in the penultimate ballot, as the right of the party appears to be coalescing around her in the race for No 10. Ms Mordaunt increased her share by 10 to sit on 92, while Mr Sunak gained an extra three votes to put him in 118, just shy of the number effectively guaranteeing him entry to the final phase. Ms Badenoch came last in the ballot on 59 votes, with Ms Truss believed to be more likely to pick up a significant number of those votes than Ms Mordaunt during the next ballot to be held on Wednesday.   Ms Truss, the Foreign Secretary, was the big winner on Tuesday, after 31 votes were freed up by the elimination of Tom Tugendhat a day earlier. The momentum of her latest result now puts her favourite to face Mr Sunak in the head-to-head competition to win a ballot of Conservative members, with that result being announced on September 5. Mr Sunak, the former chancellor, received a blow in the latest limited polling of the party membership, which forecast he would lose against both of his remaining rivals in the run-off. Ms Mordaunt, the trade minister, said: "We are so nearly across the finish line. I am raring to go and excited to put my case to members across the country and win." DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner savages Tories 'wallowing in their own mess' with video [REPORT] Truss has best thought out plan for the economy, says Patrick Minford [OPINION] Penny Mordaunt 'biggest threat' to Labour as flaw propels MP to top [INSIGHT]  She thanked Ms Badenoch, the former equalities minister, and praised her "fresh thinking and bold policies" in a possible pitch to begin winning over her now-floating voters. Mr Sunak's campaign focused on polls showing that he could beat Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and "is the candidate the public think would make the best PM". Who the Tory membership favours is hard to judge because of the low levels of participation in existing polling. But a YouGov survey of 725 party members over Monday and Tuesday saw Mr Sunak losing against all of his remaining rivals by large margins.