Fern Britton, 64, worried she would be the “poster girl for separation” after splitting from her TV chef husband Phil Vickery, 61. The former This Morning host reminded fans that lots of people have been in the same boat as her. Fern and Phil split up in 2020, having tied the knot back in 2000 and welcomed a daughter, Winnie, together a year later. After the divorce, Fern moved to Cornwall where she started a new life. “This new chapter has come at the right time for me,” she said. “I don’t want to be the poster girl for separation, though, because a lot of people go through the same thing. “Often, the children leave home and you look at each other and go, ‘Ah, where do we go from here?’ “I only wish I was the sort of person who could have persevered through that, but I couldn’t,” she added to Prima magazine. Fern and Phil had first met while hosting Ready Steady Cook together in 1999. But in January 2020, they both tweeted: “After more than 20 happy years together, [we] have decided to go our separate ways. “We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support." Fern is also mum to Grace, 25, and twins Jack and Harry, 28, who she shares with ex-husband Clive Jones. The star became tearful as she spoke about her “resilience” on Emily Dean’s Walking the Dog podcast, and she said she would not be around today if not for her kids. DON'T MISS...Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [PICTURES] Heidi Klum, 49, showcases pert behind as she stuns in leggy display [VIDEO] Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter [LATEST] “If I didn’t have the children, I don’t know what I’d have done,” she admitted. “I might have just shrivelled up and disappeared. The children have kept me alive, for sure.” Fern isn’t looking to date again just yet, explaining it would be “lovely” if she met someone, but her life is “pretty bloody perfect” as it is. Speaking on the Postcards from Midlife podcast, the star explained that she and Phil had only recently managed to make things amicable, with the help of therapy. “Yes it was [amicable],” she said. “It took a little while, it’s only been in the last couple of months that everything was sorted out, but yes it was amicable. “It does help a lot. We’re not constantly in touch with each other, not at the moment, anyway, because he’s settling into his new life and I’m settling into mine. “There’s a great connection between us. We are responsible for our own happiness.”