The video was filmed by Ukraine's 25th Airborne Brigade, who are believed to be involved in the attack on the Russian tank. The footage shows a Russian tank engulfed in flames, burning in the middle of a Ukrainian forest. The war in Ukraine has been raging for over four months and peace talks between the two neighbouring countries have halted.  The video footage filmed by Ukrainian servicemen zooms into a Russian tank which is engulfed in flames. The tank continues to burn as the camera pans over to one of the soldiers, who is pointing at the lid of the tank which appears to still be smoking after being blown off on impact. The soldier then smiles at the camera appearing to be elated with the assault on Russian troops and puts his thumb up. The camera then pans back to the inflamed tank which on closer inspection shows two Russian soldiers still sitting in the engulfed vehicle, unresponsive and burning.  JUST IN: GB News: Boris loyalist Nadine Dorries mulls over entering crowded Tory leadership race     Users on Twitter have been reacting to the footage. One user @JamesLLandis said: "Tanks don't do well in forests.... especially without infantry support." @DethVeggie said: "If only someone could have possibly predicted that trying to drive a tank through a thick forest full of well-armed enemies might end badly." @KrabbyKoder said: "They never back up their armour with infantry to cover these threats." @Reactordrone said: "It's coming out of the Commander's and gunner's hatches." READ MORE:'Mother of God' Putin rocked as 'absolutely massive' explosion devastates Russia arms unit     @MyMallison5199 said: "Doing awesome! Remember safety first, keep your heads down, eyes and ears open, always! #SlavaUkraine" @GeorgeWHerbert said: "David Attenborough narration: “Here in its home territory of the forest, the T-72 attains its most natural form, if only for a few minutes." @MikeSmith559 said: "Who wants a barby?" @IndyBarby said: "Love you guys!! 25th Airborne!! ROCK ON!" DON’T MISS: One dead, at least two seriously hurt as Range Rover smashes into 5G mast – road closed[INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians - "Can land on a penny" [REVEAL]Ex-Tory leader assists Sunak's leadership bid by claiming Thatcher would not cut taxes now [SPOTLIGHT]     A report published by the UK-based International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) claimed Russia had lost multiple tanks. Illia Ponomarenko, Defence Reporter with the Kyiv Independent said: “How many tanks does Russia have now? How many more it can throw in against Ukraine?” “Let’s think over what we know. “Military Balance 2021 says before the 2022 invasion Russia had a total of 3,330 operational tanks: Т-72s, T-80s, T-90s, up to the latest versions T-72B3Ms, T-80BVMs, or T-90Ms.”  READ NEXT