Footage posted to social media shows thick smoke billowing up from the burning forest. Russian news outlet RenTV posted a video to their social media in which the smoke reaches across the visible skyline in Siberia.  They tweeted: "Forests are on fire in Yakutia. The fire area is 110 thousand hectares. "This was reported in Avialesookhrane [Aerial Forest Protection Service]." Yakutia, or the Sakha Republic, is one of Russia's most eastern regions, bordering the East Siberian Sea. The region has a population of around one million.  Earlier this month, independent Russian outlet The Moscow Times reported "a thick layer of harmful smog" enveloping the republic after wildfires blazed in the eastern regions. One Russian official was quoted as saying the highest concentration of smog was found in the capital city, Yakutsk. The city of just under 300,000 residents was being choked by the smoke from wildfires in Sakha and the neighbouring Khabarovsk region. Local authorities declared an emergency situation, hoping to "avoid repetition of the 2021 crisis", according to a statement attributed to Russia's Federal Forestry Agency. READ MORE: EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity  Greenpeace Russia called last year's wildfires in the northeast of the country "catastrophic". The environmental campaign group said 2021's wildfires "broke all records in terms of the scale of fires". It said around ​​18.8 million hectares of land was affected last year. The group added: "This has never happened in the history of observations." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia told RETREAT NOW or be 'annihilated' [LIVE] POLL: Is France to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? [VOTE] Farage blasts Rishi over 'spent my life in business' claim [REACTION] Greenpeace Russia described continued blazes in "so-called control zones", or "hard-to-reach places where, by decision of local authorities, it is possible not to extinguish fires for economic reasons". It added: "About 45 percent of the total area of ​​forest fund lands are considered areas where it is not necessary to extinguish fires, where they can simply be observed. "Very often, starting there, fires acquire gigantic dimensions, approach cities and villages, and the smoke from them greatly harms people's health." The US' NASA Earth Observatory said that 2021 saw the most forest area burn than in any year since satellite imaging records began in 2000. NASA research fellow Amber Soja said the impact of the wildfires in the Sakha region "matters tremendously", as the forests are a rich source of carbon. Dr Soja added: "Many of the fires here burn for a long time—weeks even months. "Some have burned the same areas in multiple years,” Soja explained. "These fires aren’t just spreading across the landscape, they’re also burning down. "They’re thawing permafrost, burning through layers of peat in some areas, and releasing stored carbon and methane that has built up over millennia."