Sandra Flaherty will surprise her daughter Liv (Isobel Steele) when she makes an unexpected return to Emmerdale this week. Just like Liv, Sandra is an alcoholic and claims she is returning to the Dales in a bid to seek help for her addiction. Sandra’s return marks her first appearance on the soap in over a year.Actress Joanne Mitchell, 50, said in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press that it is “great” to be back.She said: “Obviously, I have been backwards and forwards over the years and it has always been really good fun because it is a great character to play.“It is brilliant playing against Izzy who plays Liv. Mostly all of my work was with Liv and Danny Miller who plays Aaron. READ MORE:Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello “This time, it is going to be great because I get to expand and work with other members of the cast and see a few more layers to Sandra’s character and develop her a bit more.”Joanne said she is particularly excited because Sandra is a “car crash” and her storyline can “go anywhere”.She continued: “It feels really exciting because she is just a car crash and it could go anywhere with Sandra. She’s a madam she really is!“She is so different from me, I hope so anyway, and I would not wear what she wears.” Joanne also added that “strangely” it wasn’t hard to reprise the role after all this time and said she is looking forward to exploring her character more deeply. The Londoner explained: “There are so many elements of her that, strangely, it didn’t feel that difficult to get back into. And it is written really well so it is quite easy to slip back in.  “It is nice [to come back] because each time she has got a bit more to do. I don’t know where it is going, yet, but it is really interesting.“I think the audience will be, well they aren’t going to like her that’s for sure, but I think she is a good baddy, and it is nice to be able to explore that a bit more.” DON'T MISSSteph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps[LATEST]‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage[PICTURES]Monty Don and wife 'lost everything' as they were left almost bankrupt[INSIGHT] Recent months have seen Liv’s luck change after she gave up alcohol and married Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson).However, when Sandra turns up out of the blue and asks for Liv's help, the youngster is sceptical to believe that her mother really wants to give up alcohol.Nevertheless, her conscience gets the better of her and she accepts what her mother is telling her.A new theory from Express.co.uk proposes that Sandra has an ulterior motive. It could be that she has returned having heard that Liv is married and living a happy life.Jealous that her daughter gets to live the life she always dreamed of, Sandra could be hellbent on making her relapse, knowing it will cause drama. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.