Germany captain and top scorer Alexandra Popp suffered last-minute heartbreak after being ruled out of the Euro 2022 final against England just minutes before kick-off. The striker aggravated a problem in the warm-up and had to be replaced by Lea Schuller in what is a huge blow to the country's chances of winning the trophy. The 31-year-old was seen taking a seat on the bench as the game kicked off but it seems highly unlikely she will have any contribution. The inspirational skipper is leading the race for the tournament's golden boot, tied with England's Beth Mead on six goals. However, it looks like a near impossibility that she will add to this tally after a knee injury flared up in the warm-up. Die Nationalelf had their captain to thank for reaching the final after she scored both goals in the 2-1 semi-final win over France at the Stadium MK. Her replacement Schuller has scored just once in the competition so far meaning England's opposition will be weaker in attacking positions. The unfortunate injury will provide a huge boost to Sarina Weigman, who will have built most of her game plan around trying to limit the No 9. Popp looked gutted when cameras panned to her on the bench during the opening minutes of the Wembley showdown. The striker has been one of the player's of the tournament so far and would have fancied her chances against anyone on current form. Speaking after her excellent performance in the last-four encounter with France, Popp spoke of her excitement about playing the Lionesses at Wembley. "I can't put it into words," she exclaimed. "We played an amazing game and threw everything in. We are incredibly happy; nobody expected us to do it. We're in the final at Wembley against England – it doesn't get any better than that." She had also been in a jovial mood during her pre-match press conference, wearing a fake moustache to meet the press in reaction to comments that she could play for the men's side. Her injury comes as a huge blow to the German national team but would have given more hope to the vast majority of those within the national stadium.