Manchester United are ‘really, really’ close to reaching a full agreement with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong, it has been claimed. Joan Laporta said on Saturday that the Catalan giants wanted the player to stay. However, in the wake of this development, it appears the La Liga giants are merely posturing at this stage. Manchester United have spent the whole summer chasing a deal for De Jong. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has insisted the Red Devils are ‘really really close’ to a full agreement with Barcelona for the 25-year-old. It’s previously been reported that United have agreed to pay an initial £56.2million for the player, who is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target. And it appears the ‘full agreement’ is centred around add-ons and bonuses, with Barcelona keen for as much money as possible. On Saturday, Laporta insisted the Catalan giants had ‘no intention’ of letting De Jong go, despite their financial woes. “There are clubs that want him, not just United. We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay,” he said on his YouTube channel. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “Frenkie is considered as one of the best midfielders in the world by all the experts. We are happy to have him. “I’m going to do everything I can in my power so that Frenkie stays here, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted.” However, United still appear to be on track when it comes to bringing De Jong to Old Trafford this summer. And he’s not the only player they’re looking to recruit as they gear up for the start of the Ten Hag era. Tyrell Malacia is poised to become their first new signing under the Dutchman, with the Netherlands international set to arrive from Feyenoord. United are pushing ahead with plans to recruit Lisandro Martinez, though Arsenal are also eyeing the Argentina international. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen However, the Red Devils have been rocked after it emerged Cristiano Ronaldo had asked to leave the club behind. The Portugal international only returned from Juventus last year, having previously looked destined to end up at Manchester City. Ronaldo was a shining light for United, scoring 24 goals across all competitions as they toiled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But now, he could be on the move. Ronaldo doesn’t want to play in the Europa League next term, having never featured in the competition over the course of his glittering career. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Chelsea are keen on bringing him to Stamford Bridge as a replacement for Romelu Lukaku, who was allowed to join Inter Milan on loan. And Bayern Munich are also in the hunt at a time where Robert Lewandowski is looking increasingly likely to join Bayern Munich. Regarding De Jong, Wes Brown recently expressed a belief he’d be a good signing for his old club to make. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Brown did say, however, that United need more recruits. “Yeah,” he said when asked if United need more signings in the middle of the park. “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. “An experienced player.”