Arsenal and Tottenham have both been handed a major boost after Roma turned down a player-exchange offer for forward Nicolo Zaniolo, according to reports. Serie A rivals Juventus apparently proposed a deal that would see them pay a fee and allow Arthur Melo to join Jose Mourinho’s side, but Roma didn't like the offer. Zaniolo was a key player for Roma last season and has caught the attention of some of Europe’s biggest clubs. Juve are keen to sign the 23-year-old but have seen their latest offer rejected. The attacker scored eight goals last season, including five during Roma’s successful Europa Conference League campaign. Premier League side Spurs have also been keeping tabs on the Italian’s progress and are said to have made him their No 1 target. And Antonio Conte has been given a boost as it seems Juve could be out of the race to sign Zaniolo. Roma, however, believe they can convince the player to stay after signing Paulo Dybala on a free transfer, despite Juve’s bid. JUST IN: Barcelona set for financial boost that may impact Chelsea's Kounde bid That is according to 90min, who claim that the Old Lady were willing to offer midfielder Arthur in exchange for the Italy international. The news could also benefit Arsenal, who have been strongly linked with former Barcelona man Arthur. The Gunners came close to signing the 25-year-old in January but a move collapsed. Mikel Arteta has been desperate to add midfield reinforcements after his side’s Champions League push collapsed due to a spate of injuries last season. According to Italian publication Tuttomercatoweb, Arsenal have rekindled their interest in Arthur despite appearing set to confirm the signing of Oleksandr Zinchenko. Arthur is apparently willing to leave Juve this summer after struggling for regular game time. DON'T MISS...Barcelona emphatically veto Tottenham offer as Chelsea deal preferredChelsea told to hijack Man Utd transfer to close gap on TottenhamTottenham 'offer' star to Barcelona as Conte looks to trim squad The Brazil international started just 11 Serie A matches last season despite his club’s below-par campaign. Max Allegri’s side finished fourth in the Italian top flight. Meanwhile, Tottenham will be boosted by the fact they are now the only club with concrete interest in Zaniolo. The club's transfer chief Fabio Paratici flew to Italy earlier this week to discuss three deals, with one believed to be about the Roma star. Boss Conte has already enjoyed a sensational transfer window but still wants to add an attacking midfielder to his ranks. After qualifying for the Champions League for the first time since 2019, Spurs have made six summer signings. Fraser Forster, Djed Spence, Ivan Perisic, Clement Lenglet, Yves Bissouma, and Richarlison have all arrived at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.