In an interview with OK! Richard Fitzwilliams claimed the Queen, who was once not Camilla’s biggest fan, is incredibly grateful for the Duchess’ support to husband Prince Charles and for her commitment to the crown. He said: “In the past the Queen has disapproved of Camilla, but she’s subsequently welcomed the duchess into the winners’ enclosure.  “Camilla’s doing a remarkable job as future Queen Consort and Her Majesty must be tremendously grateful for that.” Her Majesty, who was referencing the Grand National horse race, reportedly said at the wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla: “They have overcome Becher’s Brook and The Chair and all kinds of other terrible obstacles. “They have come through, and I’m very proud to wish them well. My son is home and dry with the woman he loves.” In February, the Queen said: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me. It is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.”  Camilla and the Queen both share a love for their four-legged pets, with them both owning dogs and horses. Richard continued: “Camilla is a country woman at heart, enjoys a more basic life than other royals, and is probably rather untidy! “What you see is what you get. She’s loyal, hard-working, practical and loves to laugh. She has nothing to hide.” Despite being born and raised in an upper class family, there’s no snobby side to the duchess, who once revealed if she should “even vaguely look like getting uppity”, will tell herself, “Don’t be so bloody grand!” READ MORE: Monkeypox 'must be eliminated to stop it becoming endemic', experts... Camilla repeatedly comes across as down to earth during her public engagements, with her most recent luncheon featuring a joke that might have offended some woke activists. She made the joke during a speech on Monday when she said to guests: “Ladies and gentlemen, if I am allowed to call you that”. Over the years, she has been seen enjoying ice cream, necking shots of gin, and sampling food on This Morning. Richard added: “Camilla is a woman who loves her job. She’s self-contained and devoted to Charles and the monarchy.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE]Rail chaos to return as union sets date for new strike action [INSIGHT]Top Tory sparks fury after running over neighbour's cat [PICTURES] “She’s very happy and fortunate for her family and I know William is delighted that his father has found happiness. “Camilla the Queen will be driven, determined and committed to the crown. She is a woman the world should celebrate.” 