Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24 after roughly 100,000 troops had spent weeks massing at the border with its eastern neighbour. Russian troops have left a path of destruction throughout Ukraine, with several cities reduced to rubble following heavy shelling. Western allies have been sending various weaponry to Ukraine to help in the war, although have stopped short of getting directly involved themselves as a NATO member has yet to be invaded by Russia. There are also escalating fears Putin could target invasions in several nearby Baltic states if he succeeds in his objectives in Ukraine. Calls for the formation of a European Union army - an idea long-pushed by French President Emmanuel Macron - are now being significantly ramped up as Russia's brutality in the Ukraine war becomes ever clearer. British economic historian Adam Tooze sent a clear message in an interview with German current affairs publication Stern, warning: "We need a European army. "We now know that Russia is an unpredictable and aggressive neighbour and we should position ourselves accordingly." He claimed this would include the dependence on Russian gas supplies into Europe amid fears Putin could turn off the tap to the Nord Stream 1 pipeline in a move that could have disastrous consequences for Germany and Europe as a whole. The professor from New York's Columbia University said no extra investment would be required to bring together one European army. He said: "Europe should not pay a single cent extra for its defence. "All EU member states together spend more than €200billion (£168billion) on their defence, which should actually result in the third or fourth most powerful army in the world." READ MORE: EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity If Germany - home to the EU's largest economy - now decides to spend another €100billion (£84billion) beefing up its military - it would be admission that it would continue to spend money badly in the future. Professor Tooze further warned: "It is an absurdity that Russia, with a budget of $50billion (£41.5billion) to $70billion (£58.1billion) dollars, is a threat to Europe." He also warned against an over-reliance on the US, adding: "I fear Europe will have to sort things out on its own and define its own interests to do so." Earlier this month, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz warned if Putin is allowed to "get away with it" in Ukraine with Russia's ongoing war, his country's security and freedom could be under serious threat. DON'T MISSFarming boss slams EU-New Zealand trade deal plot [COMMENTS]Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [LATEST]Ukraine delivers Russia hammerblow as they trap troops in Kherson [VIDEO] He acknowledged Germany is now waking up to the “value of democracy and liberty, and the fact that they are worth defending”. There are escalating fears Europe could be in for a freezing winter as gas flows from Russia into Germany and then onto the rest of Europe continue to plummet. Mr Scholz warned in a guest article for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung: "Putin wants to split our continent up into zones of influence, into great powers and vassal states. "We know what catastrophes that has brought upon us Europeans in the past. “The autocrats of the world are watching very closely to see if [Putin] succeeds. “Is the 21st century governed by the justice of the stronger or the strength of justice?” Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.