Fans are not only in awe of Adele for her incredible voice and beauty, but also for her weight loss transformation. The superstar has lost an estimated seven stone over the course of her career, an achievement that has captured the interest of millions across the globe. This week, Adele announced new dates for her postponed Vegas residency. Shows will begin in November and fans will get the chance to take in her stunning voice as well as marvel at her recent weight loss. But how did she do it? The Easy On Me songstress credited her new passion for fitness for being the reason behind her dramatic new look. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She even "eats more" than what she used to. Adele adopted a weight lifting and circuit training regime that she completed three times a day during lockdown. "I do my weights in the morning, then I normally hike or I box in the afternoon, and then I go and do my cardio at night," she said. And it appears that's all she does to stay trim, after dismissing rumours suggesting she lost weight by dieting. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Adele told British Vogue: "No intermittent fasting. Nothing. "If anything I eat more than I used to because I work out so hard." During an interview with Oprah, the mum-of-one shared her impressive progress when it comes to deadlifting. Having begun with just 10 pounds, she worked her way up to an impressive 170 pounds, which she now lifts regularly. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "I'm an athlete, I love it," she beamed. She began working with her personal trainer Pete Geracimo, following the birth of her son who she shares with ex-husband Simon Konecki. He revealed that Adele’s weight loss wasn’t the reason she started her fitness journey, but rather to get back into exercise after giving birth, improve her overall health and boost her immune system, alongside other goals. He said in an Instagram post: "When Adele and I started our journey together, it was never about getting super skinny. "It was about getting her healthy. Especially post pregnancy and post surgery." He continued: "When 25 dropped and the tour announced, we had to get ready for a 13 month gruelling schedule. "In that time, she warmed to training and made better food choices. "As a result, she lost considerable weight and people took notice." Celebrity personal trainer and fitness influencer Peter Maciver, known as PMac Fitness online, addressed Adele's gruelling three-part workout. "We also shouldn’t underestimate the importance of exercise," he said. "Adele works out and we know that she loves resistance based training which is one of the most effective ways to change your body."