The Environment Agency issued flood alerts for the River Stour and Smestow Brook in the Black Country and South Staffordshire, Upper Tame, River Cole, River Blythe in Warwickshire and River Rea. It comes after the UK was hit by a record breaking heatwave on Monday and Tuesday.  But since then the nation has been lashed by thunderstorms and lightning. The alert, which has been extended from Wednesday, said properties could flood. It read: "Local flooding is possible but not expected from surface water in parts of central, south and the east of England today (Wednesday). Properties may flood and there may be travel disruption. Land, roads and some properties may flood and there may be travel disruption." Officials urged people to "remain vigilant". They said: "This flood alert has been issued as heavy rain and thunderstorms have been forecast this afternoon, 20/07/2022. "Significant impacts could be experienced from these thunderstorms. River levels are currently very low, but the heavy rain associated with these thunderstorms could lead to surface water flooding.  READ MORE: Met Office storm warning: New UK weather alert for violent lightning "There is, however, uncertainty, over the amount of rainfall expected and the exact location of these thunderstorms. We urge you to remain vigilant and avoid walking and driving through flood water." It comes after the Met Office issued a yellow warning for thunderstorms on Wednedsay. But today they said there would be some "rain in places" and temperatures would be "back to normal". The forecast reads: "For many, but also some sunny spells with best sunshine probably away from central areas. Cloud thick enough for patchy rain over central spine of Britain, most likely northern England. Temperatures lower and close to average for most."  DON'T MISS BBC Weather's Kirkwood shares 'huge' 17 degree mercury drop graphic [VIDEO]UK storm forecast: Maps show lightning to strike Britain [MAPPED]Heatwave chaos as 1,500 parking fines handed out at popular UK beach [INFO] Meteogroup forecasters said showers could become "heavy and persistent" tonight. There will be bright spells, variable amounts of cloud cover and a chance of showers during the evening which will tend to ease and turn increasingly patchy. Overnight will then be mainly dull with cloudy skies and there is a chance of showers developing which may be locally heavy and persistent. It comes after the UK was hit by a day of record heat that saw firefighters face their busiest day since the Second World War and major travel disruption across the country.  Major incidents were declared in London, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and South Yorkshire on Tuesday as fires broke out in several areas amid the tinder-dry conditions. Two "large-scale" incidents took place in Upminster and the village of Wennington, east London, where black smoke billowed into the air, while flames destroyed buildings and ravaged nearby fields. Sixteen firefighters were injured tackling the blazes with two admitted to hospital who were later discharged. 