It turns out, that re-painting your home, re-carpeting, and making the interior modern won’t sell your home, but your door number will! The Property Buying Company researched what are the UK’s highest-selling house numbers, alongside which number is the most expensive to buy, and which house numbers are considered the most valuable across the UK. The research was conducted by compiling data from Price Paid Index, and the Land Registry to determine which house numbers here in the UK are selling the most, best selling, most expensive, sold for less money, and sold for the most money. Collecting data from the Price Paid Index and Land Registry gives access to details regarding the sales of property here in the UK over the last 12 months. The Property Buying Company found that if you live at number three, you have the most sellable home number in the UK. The research showed that houses with the number three sold a staggering 2,421 times between 2021 and 2022. Whilst lower house numbers are popular, they tend to sell for less money. READ MORE: How to ‘effectively’ keep towels soft - avoids ‘scratchy stiff towels’ Houses or flats with the number 200 were sold over 100 times in the last 12 months, selling at an average of £369,000. In addition, number 39 proved to be the most expensive house to buy and complete, in London, Chelsea, and Kensington. As for what the most valuable houses are, those with triple-figure door numbers like number 680, which on average sold for £904,000. Inbaal Honigman, Celebrity Psychic and Numerologist commented on the findings. She said: “The number three should come as no surprise, for being the most popular new-home door number. “In numerology, one symbolises one single person, two is a couple, and baby makes three - the number three is all about growing the family, and tells us about a new addition. DON'T MISS...5 foods to eat to stay cool in the heatwave [EXPERT]Meghan Markle’s discreet bracelet has hidden ‘spiritual’ meaning [COMMENT]Keep peppers firm and fresh for 5 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE] “The older ladies are known for saying 'New House, New Baby' and nothing embodies this quite like the number three. “So many concepts come in threes - beginning, middle, end, or birth, life, death - or that infamous new home sign, live, laugh, love - the trinity as a symbol shows us that there's always a next step, always a next stage, and moving house is a massive life change, and fits perfectly into the symbolic meaning of the number three,” she added. “The number 39 is just another way of saying three, for numerologists,” Inbaal explained. “As a door number, 39 is heavy with symbolism, all relating to the primary number three. “The number 200 is more subtle. It has three digits, so the number three, the most auspicious door number, is never far from our mind. “When we add all the numbers together, 2+0+0=2. The number two is a very spiritual number, and incredibly romantic. “This door number would suggest a couple who is deeply in love,” the expert said. “Since two means a pair, and a pair means a relationship, then what we have here is a one-on-one situation, with two people who listen only to each other. “The double zero shows us that the couple living here won't listen to outsiders and won't engage in gossip or badmouthing one another. “Everything is plain to see, everything is out in the open. Clean laundry out on the line and the curtains are open at all times!” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best way to clean bathroom tile grout - ‘so easy’ Mathew McCorry, Manager at The Property Buying Company commented on the results. He said: “There are so many factors that determine how desirable a home is, and how quickly it will sell, our house numbers alone aren’t the be-all and end-all, so don’t worry if your number didn’t make the grade. “This piece of research is interesting for us to understand, and we as a team decided to delve into the statistics following a surge in sales of houses at number three! “We have also seen that 33 percent of cash buy sales are looking to buy elsewhere, 17 percent are selling a buy to let, and 19 percent are looking for a cash release from their sale.” As for what the best time of year is to sell, each season has pros and cons. But spring is usually regarded as the best time to sell a property. “The main reason for this is thought to be because it does not fall around any school or public holidays, meaning people have nothing else going on to distract them from their house hunt,” the experts said. “Another plus point that spring brings is that gardens are often in full bloom making them look much more attractive than they would in winter.” Autumn is also a “good time to sell”. “If you are lucky the weather will be mild and there are no major holidays to contend with for attention,” the experts added. “October is hailed as a good month for a quick sale.”