The Moon will finish its transit of Leo today to move into Virgo later this evening. Inviting a more devoted, helpful, detail-oriented, and analytical influence, expect to get things done today. But watch out for Mercury’s alignment with critical Saturn, as it might make you especially sharp-tongued. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 30. Known as the planet of communication, Mercury has a number of attributes within its domain. The most obvious is communication, as well as intellect, awareness, logic, reasoning, and self-expression. This planet bears influence on all of these areas, so when in alignment with planets that have a tendency to emit slightly more negative influences, it’s important to know just when and where in order to catch yourself. Cafe Astrology said: “Mercury heads into an opposition with Saturn, exact early tomorrow but strongly influencing today.”  READ MORE: Perseid meteor shower tonight: Where to look for spectacle  In astrology, Saturn is associated with restriction and limitation. Where Jupiter expands, Saturn constricts. Cafe Astrology continued: “Under this heavy influence, we may communicate harshly, sparingly, or reluctantly. “Doubts might slow our decisions, although this can be a helpful process as we take a break from pushing ahead.” This influence can potentially prompt more “mental, transportation, or communication” blocks, according to Cafe Astrology.  It continued: “We could meet with some criticism, delays, or challenges to our opinions, ideas, or intelligence. “Circumstances are such that we may need to tone down our enthusiasm if our plans are lacking, and think in more practical, realistic terms.” The Virgo moon will more than aid with this. As a pragmatic and level-headed sign, it won’t be long before you gain a fresh sense of perspective. Virgo is an action-oriented, mutable earth sign.  DON'T MISS: Meteor shower tonight: Best time to see Delta Aquariids [ANALYSIS]NASA records mysterious boom and 'huge fireball' in sky [INSIGHT]14 most fragrant plants to grow in your garden [EXPLAINED]    The Moon School said: “It brings a lunar frequency of change and betterment, encouraging us all to seek refinement and purification. “Mutability brings the power to actually make positive changes, to manipulate your reality and act. “And the element of Earth brings this change-making potential, well, down to Earth. In everyday terms, this astrology often looks like the urge to clean.”  So, take today to focus on whatever you’ve been putting off because there’s no doubt you’ll get it done. Use today’s organised influence to strategize and diarise the next few weeks and months ahead. The void Moon occurs from 5.30am with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs to oppose Saturn. The Moon enters Virgo at 7.11pm. 