Jacquelin Castillo runs Mom Like a Boss, a platform where the mum of three "helps moms slay mom life with the best hacks, recipes and products" [sic]. The mother has a huge social media following thanks to her tips and tricks. She boasts 1.1million followers on her TikTok, 288,000 followers on Instagram and also posts videos on her YouTube account. She detailed her homemade solution to get rid of flies in your house. Summer is a key time of year for winged invaders to hone in on your home. Jacquelin said: "If you want to get rid of all the fruit flies really fast, this is how you do it." She shared the simple recipe with just two ingredients. READ MORE: 'Hated by flies’: How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home - top tips Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Over time the vinegar will evaporate, so make sure to top it up if you notice a new invasion of flies. DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer couple boost property value by £68,500 [PROPERTY]Pippa Middleton lives in £17m mansion in West London [ROYAL] ‘Mugs are sparkling!’ 10p hack to remove tea cup stains [HOW TO] Flies are attracted to the smell of apple cider vinegar and will fly over for a taste. However, they will soon find themselves trapped. The dish soap helps to break the surface tension of the vinegar. This means instead of stopping over for a drink, the flies fall into the liquid. The thick liquid is sticky and pulls the flies down, drowning them. Close the windows (and doors) These are the most common entrances to your home for flies. Keeping your home sealed is the best defense. Keep it clean Flies are attracted to places where there is food. Flies eat crumbs, your leftovers, and pet waste. Keep your home vacuumed and clean and animal litter fresh. Keep your bin secure with a tight-fitting lid. Use houseplants Some houseplants are thought to deter flies with their strong smell. This includes the likes of basil, lavender, bay leaf, mint, marigolds, and nasturtiums. Keep lights off Turn off lights at night where possible, as light attracts flies. Make a natural fly trap A dish of vinegar and soap can act as a natural fly trap. Mix the two together and leave the mixture out to kill flies.