With the latest analyses warning that household energy bills in the UK could be around £3,800 a year this winter, the UK Government is scrambling to tackle the fossil fuel energy crisis. Earlier this year, the UK Government rolled out its Energy Security Strategy which promised major investments in solar, offshore wind and nuclear energy. However, experts argue that the UK is missing out on a crucial resource, one it has an abundance of.   Speaking to Express.co.uk Karl Williams, Director for the Centre of Waste Management at the University of Central Lancashire said: “The UK has excellent potential for geothermal energy. “We are fortunate that we can utilise all the different types of geothermal energy recovery. “From ground source heat pumps providing low-level heat, to recovery of mine water energy – a legacy of our industrial heritage – all the way up to granite infusion and temperatures in excess of 130C. “If we are serious about energy security, then all of these have a role to play. “Ground source heat pumps are easy to install for new build housing developments and would help to offset the energy demand from consumers.      “Other countries have already applied this technology successfully, making a good case for the UK to do the same.” Geothermal energy can be efficiently extracted to use for ground source heat pumps, which is another key part of the UK’s strategy, as it seeks to replace ageing gas boilers in households with energy-efficient heat pumps. The Boiler Upgrade Scheme offers households up to £5,000 in subsidies to install a new heat pump. Prof Williams noted that the best areas where geothermal energy can be extracted are ones that were “hot rocks” granite is close to the surface. He said: “Cornwall is one of the best areas in the UK and has always been the main focus for geothermal energy. READ MORE: Lifeline for millions in Red Wall as underground heat to provide ‘r... “For example, the Eden project is investing in geothermal energy at its site. “The other obvious area would be Aberdeen, which is rich in granite. “This area has the advantage that it is the centre for oil and gas exploitation and much of the processes and technologies are the same so Aberdeen already has the skills and know-how. “The old coal mine areas of the North East could also be good contenders, but mine water is a lower temperature and lends itself more to large scale applications similar to ground source heat pumps.” A recent report by Conservative backbench MPs has argued that bringing geothermal energy in these former coal mining regions would bring a number of economic benefits, with many of these places being in the “red wall”. READ MORE: Energy bills lifeline: £400 winter discount for 29 million households [REVEAL] Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [INSIGHT]Covid breakthrough: 'Compelling evidence' on origin FINALLY found [REPORT]  Prof Williams agreed, saying: “The implementation of larger geothermal plants would bring local benefits during every phase. 