Nick Kyrgios has been described as a ‘sensational person’ ahead of Sunday’s Wimbledon final clash with Novak Djokovic. The Australian has defied the odds in order to reach the showpiece event. And, ahead of the biggest match of his career, his personality has been examined. Kyrgios is a colourful character in the tennis world, capable of moments of magic and moments of madness in equal measure. He’s weathered some storms in order to reach the first Wimbledon final of his career, with the Australian now one win away from etching his name into the history books. Kyrgios is a combative figure at times on the court but Hugh van Cuylenburg, founder of mental health project the Resilience Project, has now insisted the 27-year-old is a ‘sensational person’ when away from the spotlight. “Everyone who has ever met him say he’s a sensational person who cares deeply about other people, which is why I would be very surprised if he actually doesn’t care what people think of him,” Van Cuylenburg told The Age. “He doesn’t seek recognition or publicity for the good things he does. “A lot of people have said to me he’s a sensational person who does so much for anyone but he doesn’t talk about it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He gets a lot of encouragement from a lot of people for being loud, confrontational and aggressive, controversial person and that is the persona we all see but I’m not sure that is who he is as a person.” He also expressed a belief Kyrgios thrives on chaos, saying: “I think Kyrgios will feel more in control when he’s in a hostile environment, that works for him. “The controversy works for him. I think he feels more in control if everyone else is out of control, if that makes sense. “I think he feels in more control when people around him are upset. “Some people thrive in a hostile environment because it tricks them into the right level of arousal and reminds them of how much they care and how much they want to win – and Kyrgios is one of those.” Sports psychologist Jeff Bond also spoke to the publication. And he compared Kyrgios to tennis icon Pat Cash, who has been critical of the Australian’s conduct on the court during Wimbledon so far. “Patrick went through a phase where he felt he needed to be fired up, and he would find something: the grip, the strings on his racquet, the sole of his shoes not having the right tread, security too slow letting him in,” Bond said. “You could see the sharp edge building and building, he was just as likely to go through a red light. “I wouldn’t let him behind the wheel of a car on match day. You could see the sharp edge building and building.” While Djokovic is one of the greatest to have ever played tennis, his record against Kyrgios is poor. The Australian has won both of his matches against the Serb without dropping a single set. And Djokovic believes there will be ‘fireworks’ as the pair prepare to do battle. Speaking after putting Cameron Norrie to the sword on Friday, the world No 1 said: "One thing is for sure, there's going to be a lot of fireworks emotionally from both players. "It's gonna be his first Grand Slam finals, he's very excited and he does not have much to lose. "He's always playing like that. He's playing so freely, he has one of the biggest serves in the game. Just a big game overall. A lot of power in his shots. "We haven't played for some time, never won a set off him so hopefully it can be different this time. “It's another final for me at Wimbledon, the tournament that I love so much so hopefully the experience can work in my favour." On his own win over Norie, Djokovic then added: "I didn't start off well. He was the better player for the first set. "I've had many semi-finals in Grand Slams in the past but it's never easy walking out on court. "You have a lot of pressure and expectations on yourself and from others. Cameron didn't have much to lose. I wish him all the best. He's a great player. I have a lot of respect for him."