 Fast forward seven years, however, and Oppo Ice Cream, which was launched in 2014, is now worth around a monumental £86million. The two brothers pitched their low-calorie "healthy" ice cream range in the hope to receive a £60,000 investment from the Dragons. The ice cream is made from meadow-grazed cow's milk, virgin coconut oil, and stevia leaf. The coconut oil and stevia leaf is used to replace traditional cream and sugar.    The boys said that because of their ingredient swap the ice cream had fewer calories than an apple, as well as a third of the sugar of one too. After hearing their pitch, the Dragons tasted the ice cream and Sarah Willingham noted a "slight" after taste in the Salted Caramel flavour she had tried. Peter Jones agreed and said that as much as the duo were “incredibly investable guys” he could not get past the aftertaste and uttered the infamous phrase “I'm out”. Even though she was “quite shocked” at how good it was, Sarah said that the aftertaste was a “dealbreaker” that would “impact repeat purchase”. READ MORE: Inheritance tax fury as Government cashes in on extra £300m     She was also unimpressed with the pair's projected £1million turnover and £35,000 net profit for 2017. Touker Suleyman and Nick Jenkins asked the pair questions about their revenue projections and valuation however both decided that the market was too small for them. Nick also highlighted the difficulties of breaking into the food sector and admitted that the investment was "too risky" for him. After leaving the den empty-handed, the boys started a series of crowdfunding campaigns on the site Seedrs which helped the business grow.    Oppo Ice Cream now has around 538 investors. This includes the likes of Virgin’s Richard Branson and Scottish tennis star Andy Murray. First launching into 117 Waitrose stores, Oppo Ice Cream is currently stocked in over 1,300 shops and can be found in the freezer aisle of Co-Op, Wholefoods Market, Budgens, and Holland & Barrett. The company has also been awarded the Guardian’s Startup of the Year, won the Healthy Food Guide Award and has obtained several Great Taste awards. READ MORE: 'My energy bill is already 50% less': Woman discovers crucial cleaning tip to slash costs   The idea of a “guilt-free” ice cream, which still had the taste of ice cream, came to the brothers as they were travelling around Brazil in 2011. On their return to the UK, Charlie entered the kitchen to experiment with ingredients and flavours with the goal of creating a healthy ice cream which tasted good. After two years and over 1,000 attempts Charlie succeeded and created the original recipe for Oppo Ice Cream which is still used today. The ice cream has eight different flavours which include vanilla, salted caramel, caramel cookie, double chocolate brownie, and strawberry cheesecake.    Oppo Ice Cream has also launched the vegan salted caramel flavour and a range of ice cream sticks. In November, the company launched its sustainability agenda to show what it was doing in aid of supporting the environment and how it was promoting sustainability. The plans included its mission to plant 60,000 trees by the end of 2023. Currently, Oppo Ice Cream is yet to announce its plans for the rest of 2022   