Erling Haaland admitted that he cannot wait to get started at Manchester City - and immediately set his sights on gunning down Manchester United after addressing fans for the first time since his £51million switch to the Premier League was confirmed. The Norwegian striker was being courted by a host of top European clubs after his remarkable goalscoring exploits at Borussia Dortmund, but Haaland put pen-to-paper on a five-year deal with the Premier League champions earlier this summer. Haaland was presented to City fans for the first time on Sunday - and he became an instant hit by taking a jibe at United. When he was asked what game he was most looking forward to, Haaland quipped: "I have to say I don’t like to say the word – but Manchester United." The excitement at the Etihad is tangible following the capture of Haaland, who plundered an incredible 86 goals in 89 games during his time in Germany. And the potent frontman is determined to have fun at his new club - and that means bagging plenty of goals. READ MORE: Raphinha completing Chelsea transfer could be bad news for Blues' own Dennis Bergkamp He said: “First it’s good to see everyone. It’s a pleasure. It’s true, I’m looking forward to it. It’s going to be nice. I’m sure we’re going to have a good time together. “The expectation for this season is to come in to the new team and get to know people and get the connection straight ahead. And to have fun – when I have fun, I score goals and win games. “It’s going to be a really special moment for me and the first couple weeks of pre-season, I hope it goes quick so we can get into the important games." DON'T MISSHakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea futureJuventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circleRonaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future As well as outlining some of his aspirations in a City shirt, Haaland lifted the lid on some of the reasons that persuaded him to pursue a switch to the Premier League champions. And he admitted that the his father, Alfe-Inge, and his history at the club played a part in his decision. He continued: “[Manchester City are] an amazing team and I just have to continue and get a bit better and I have to start hard work now. It’s been going on for a long time, so now let’s get everyone together and perform. “It’s going to be nice, my father played here for a couple of years. It’s nice when your father does something and you do the same things as he did. It’s a bit special. I played against them one and a half years ago. It was a bit special to play against them as well. I watched all their games as well.”