Jessica-Rose Clark had her left arm badly dislocated after Julija Stoliarenko locked in a tight armbar early in the first round on Saturday night. Clark desperately tapped out to the submission but was too late as Stoliarenko gritted her teeth and snapped the Aussie’s arm. The 34-year-old mixed martial artist was also submitted in the first round of her last contest by an armbar when she faced Stephanie Egger at UFC Fight Night: Walker vs Hill in February. But despite coming in off a loss, the bookies favoured Clark on fight night. That was quickly proved wrong as Storliarenko shot in for a takedown before passing guard and locking in the submission. Clark bravely struggled for position but was turned over as her arm bent backwards and out of the joint. UFC Hall of Famer inductee Daniel Cormier said in commentary: "She dislocated it, you can see it. It’s dislocated bad. That was nasty. Jessica is tapping desperately." With Joe Rogan adding: "Perfect timing and execution. The way she passed the guard, the way she got to that position. Watch this level change and look at the beautiful use of the hips and amazing flexibility in her core to get over there, passes that arm and gets that far-side armbar." In her post-fight interview the victorious Lithuanian, told Rogan: “Oops I did it again. That’s jiu-jitsu you know. I am training jiu-jitsu with my coach, he is black belt under Roger Gracie and I am belt under Roger Gracie also and this is the work we do with our work together and I’m just happy man, I was finally able to show those skills in the UFC arena. When asked whether she felt the snap, Stoliarenko responded: “I already had troubles with submissions in jiu-jitsu fights and MMA fights where I do it too politely so through that time, I always just snap it through all one movement. This is our game, we should do that stuff.” MORE UFC NEWS... Reaction to Adesanya’s ‘snoozer’ against Cannonier McGregor return date set as White rates chances of Mayweather rematch Paddy Pimblett ready to make drastic change to set up Logan Paul bout The victory marks the former Invicta FC bantamweight champion’s first win inside the UFC octagon. In her debut contest, she lost a decision to former featherweight world title challenger Yana Kunitskaya before a submission loss to Julia Avila and a decision defeat to Alexis Davis dropped her to 0-3 under the promotional banner. Clark’s UFC record is now 4-4 after the loss. She revealed to reporters post-fight that she will need to undergo surgery on her arm which is badly damaged.