Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has slammed new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag for the recent rules he has imposed at the club. The Dutch boss has reportedly laid down numerous rules at the training ground, including a ban on alcohol and personal chefs. The Mirror have reported that Ten Hag’s new demands include players being dropped if they are late for training or team meetings, they cannot drink alcohol during weeks where games are played, personal chefs are banned and players are only allowed to eat food prepared by the club, their BMIs will be checked monthly and all complaints must be reported to Ten Hag rather than their agents. “These things don’t work,” Nicol told ESPN. “They don’t work. ‘If you are late, you’re dropped’, what are you going to do if there are five of them sharing a car? You are giving yourself problems for no apparent reason. The Liverpool boys used to do it [share a car]. ‘You can’t drink on gameday’, you can’t drink at all until the season is over, because you are playing every seven days at the very worst, so you can’t drink. Again, asking for trouble. You are setting yourself up for failure, it is just stupid.” Ten Hag has attempted to clamp down on the culture at the club, as there have been several leaks from inside the dressing room and something that former interim boss Ralf Rangnick has previously mentioned that the club needed to fix. “All of these things that he is talking about, happen at a proper club," Nicol added. "All of these things naturally happen. It’s done because the manager from the get go, the way he acts, the way he deals with things. Look, somebody is going to be late, it is going to happen. It is about how the manager deals with it. It is how the rest of the players see how he deals with it. “That is how you build the respect and the culture, and then eventually what happens is the manager has nothing to do with it, the players take over. That is what the dressing room does. If someone comes in late, the captain or the hierarchy of the dressing room will say ‘By the way, that’s your last, don’t be late again’.  “The manager creates the culture through the respect that he gains from his actions, and then the dressing room takes over. Then you don’t have any stupid lists getting sent around and emails and all kinds of nonsense.” Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has claimed that some of the changes are normal, but others he will have trouble enforcing. “It’s like any other manager who comes in and sets some rules and boundaries. His rules. That’s normal,” Murphy told talkSPORT. “He’s not weird for doing that. He’s not exceptional. “But some of them are just not policeable, they’re not manageable. For example, any player late to training or to meetings – that’s a big one – you get hammered for unpunctuality in football.”