Chelsea and Manchester United could be two clubs looking to profit from Paris Saint-Germain listing 11 players for transfer this summer. There could be a fire sale at the Parc des Princes during what's left of the transfer window as PSG enter a new era in the French capital. The Ligue 1 champions dismissed sporting director Leonardo as part of changes following Kylian Mbappe's record-breaking contract extension, which also saw manager Mauricio Pochettino booted out the door. Leonardo was widely criticised for failing to offload high-earning, under-performing players, partly contributing to his sacking. His replacement, Luis Campos, has been tasked with the same challenge and has made a start by placing a whole starting line-up's worth of players in the shop window. With the blessing of new boss Christopher Galtier, PSG are attempting to undergo a revamp ahead of the 2022/23 season as they launch their latest bid to lift an inaugural Champions League. Le Parisien report that the 11 transfer listed players are: Abdou Diallo, Thilo Kehrer, Layvin Kurzawa, Leandro Paredes, Danilo Pereira, Idrissa Gueye, Ander Herrera, Georginio Wijnaldum, Eric Junior Dina Ebimbe, Julian Draxler and Mauro Icardi. JUST IN: Arsenal have Tielemans 'agreement' with star eager to join Gunners  Chelsea and United are two Premier League clubs still looking to do business this summer, and a selection of players on the list could catch their eye. With the Blues eyeing potentially two more centre-backs after missing out on Jules Kounde to Barcelona, Diallo or Kehrer could appeal. Thomas Tuchel could also eye Kurzawa as Ben Chilwell's backup if Marcos Alonso seals his return to Spain. Meanwhile, United desperately need midfield reinforcements, so Paredes, Pereira or Gueye may tickle their fancy. The Red Devils could even look into a return for former fan-favourite Herrera, but ex-Liverpool star Wijnaldum is likely out of frame. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo responds to Atletico Madrid fans rejecting transfer  Draxler and Icardi could also grab Erik ten Hag's attention, with the Dutchman potentially reduced to just four senior attacking options if Cristiano Ronaldo leaves the club this summer. But Draxler is also linked with Newcastle United as Eddie Howe eyes fresh blood on the wing. Chelsea and United will have outstanding targets they are likely to pursue before turning to PSG's outcasts. However, there are several names on the list that both clubs could be interested in approaching if it gets to the business end of the window and there is still business to be done. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt