WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season four. Stranger Things season four saw two beloved characters appear to meet their maker and Sadie Sink has teased she has no idea if Max Mayfield will survive the next series. She explained the Netflix writers are "very careful and calculated with who they're killing off" and are always in the interest of the storyline. Max was left in a coma at the end of season four with viewers wondering if she would make it to final series. Sadie has revealed writers of the show, the Duffer brothers, looped her in on Max's fate before filming began so it wasn't too much of a shock for her. However, she explained just because her character is in a coma, doesn't mean she will survive. "I can tell you with full honesty that I do not know what is going to happen in season five," she said. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? "Looking back on previous seasons, there’s always something that’s left up in the air as to what evil is still out there. "I think that this season, it’s more prominent than ever. Will mentions that Vecna is definitely still out there. So, there are so many uncertainties." She went on to add to Deadline, the Duffer brothers always make decisions on who to kill off in the interest of the story. Sadie explained: "Some of the deaths on the show are so impactful to audience members and the other characters in general. "But they really moved the story. "I know the Duffers are always very careful and calculated with who they’re killing off. "They’re never gonna kill a character for the sake of just killing someone off." While fans may be desperate for answers about Max's fate, the actress confirmed they are yet to start filming the new series. DON'T MISS...‘Story’s been told’ Stranger Things star addresses return after death [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ending explained: Does Max die? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things’ Max star ‘frustrated’ over Billy Hargrove scene [INSIGHT] "It takes a while to get everything ready to go for a new season, because once we start filming, we do not stop," she told the publication. Sadie may not have given any clues away about Max's fate but fans think they have worked out how she will survive. A clue revealed by the character's love interest Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) and some clever foreshadowing by the Duffer brothers, has viewers certain Max will make a full recovery. Hope was given to the audience in the final moments of episode nine, Piggyback, when Lucas visited the hospital. It was during this visit he began to read from Stephen King and Peter Straub's iconic novel, The Talisman. On hearing the words, fans shared their theories with Reddit. User JellybeanFernandez posted: “In The Talisman, the lead character is a kid whose mother is dying. “The only way he can save her is by travelling to a different world, one that mirrors our world but is in a fantasy setting filled with monsters, to fulfil a quest and retrieve an amulet that can save her life.” Could this be a major clue to the storyline for the gang's final adventure? Viewers will have to wait until filming resumes to see. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.