Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William are expected to travel together to the US later this year as part of the Earthshot Prize. William recently announced that the second annual environmental award ceremony will be taking place in Boston. Royal expert Neil Sean has debunked claims from fans of Prince Harry and Meghan who have sought to compare the media attention of the two couples. Mr Sean's remarks appeared to be a reaction to recent remarks made by a close friend of Sussexes and co-author of Finding Freedom, Omid Scobie. Earlier this week, Mr Scobie told Yahoo News that William's trip to the US shows the family is in need of a "PR boost". He also claimed that the space once occupied by William and Kate in the media coverage of the Royal Family in the US has now been taken over by Meghan and Harry. Mr Scobie suggested this lost enthusiasm is the result of the Cambridges falling "into a stable groove" as they settled down as a family of five. JUST IN: Princess Beatrice sparked private security row after robbery Mr Sean told viewers on his YouTube channel: "Sussex fans are saying that William and Catherine need to go over to America to get a slice of American publicity, which is centred on the Cambridges' visit to the US for the Earthshot Prize later this year. "The Sussex fans are saying that William and Catherine need that big slice of publicity because Harry and Meghan are seemingly so popular over there." He jokingly referenced the half-empty audience at Prince Harry's recent speech at the UN, remarking: "We saw recently how popular they are at Harry's United Nations speech." The royal expert continued: "Every US TV company I know has already contacted the Cambridges' office to do a sit-down interview about Earthshot and their plans in America. "William and Catherine know how to market themselves and get their message across. "It is truly desperate to claim Harry and Meghan get the headlines - because it's for all the wrong reasons!" William announced the news of the awards ceremony in Boston with a video message on social media. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan's celebrity brand crumbles as US grows bored [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from Balmoral [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose it [LIVE BLOG] The Duke of Cambridge said: "In 2022, we're back and bringing Earthshot to the USA where we'll award the next five winners of the Prize." During their trip across the pond, Kate and Prince William have been tipped to carry out a number of engagements Stateside. However, royal commentator Richard Eden quashed expectations that William and Kate could be reunited with Harry and Meghan while in the US. Noting the Sussexes' trip to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee, Mr Eden said: "William and Harry were in the same cathedral at St Paul's in London and they were kept apart for the whole time, they didn't meet up once while Meghan and Harry were in London. "So the idea that while he is in the same vast country they might just pop over for tea is for the birds, is not going to happen." READ NEXT: Sussexes told to 'grow up' as Kate and William 'likely' to snub coupleQueen Silvia of Sweden has ruby tiara with 'controversial' pastKate Middleton and William's first home was 'immensely special'Harry and Meghan's celebrity brand crumbles as US grows boredQueen shut down Meghan's attempt to sit 'next to senior royals'