Death in Paradise is a BBC staple and the murder mystery TV series is expanding, much to the delight of fans. Kris Marshall will be returning as Humphrey Goodman, with viewers discovering how life is treating him back in the UK. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether filming has started on the spin-off. The Death in Paradise spin-off was announced earlier this year and it will feature stunning landscapes of a different kind. The new series takes viewers away from the crystal clear waters of Saint Marie, as it will take place in the UK. Kris Marshall said his latest venture will take place in the rural southwest of England. His character left for the UK to be with his love interest Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton). The spin-off will explore the couple's romance as well as some new murder mysteries. READ MORE: Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder Marshall revealed filming was due to start very soon, most likely in August. "We start filming imminently, in about three weeks. "We’re in the process now, we’ve got most of the main cast but we’re sort of casting some of the supporting roles," he told Digital Spy. No other casting announcements have been made at this moment in time. Marshall has seen a few of the scripts already and said he loved what he has read so far. The star said the show will be set in "its own paradise", rather than the Caribbean. He hoped fans of Death in Paradise would take to the spin-off straight away. An exact filming location is yet to be disclosed but more information should come to light soon. An official release date has not been announced but in the meantime, fans can see Marshall in the second season of Sanditon. The second series arrives on ITV on Friday, July 22. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise spin-off: Where will it take place? [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise's Ben Miller speaks out on return as Richard Poole [INTERVIEW] Could Ben Miller star in the Death in Paradise spin-off? [DISCUSSION] The last fans saw of Humphrey and Martha was when Humphrey returned to the UK to confess his love for her. When it was her time to return home from her travels, Humphrey could not let her go as their romance was just starting to blossom. He made the bold decision to leave island life behind to be with Martha, and they have been inseparable ever since. In Beyond Paradise begins, Humphrey and Martha will be engaged and living in Martha's hometown. Marshall said he had the time of his life playing Humphrey and it was a joy to be picking up the role again. The star said he had always wanted to know what happened to the couple after they moved in together. Executive Producer for Red Planet Pictures, Tim Key, said: “We always knew there were more Humphrey Goodman tales to be told and with the brilliant Tony Jordan leading the writing team, bringing all the Death in Paradise spirit, humour and joy to this brand new, original series, we can’t wait to get started. "While Humphrey is used to contending with fiendishly clever puzzles, the biggest challenge of all is navigating his private life and finding out what happens beyond the ‘happy ever after’. "We’re delighted to be working with Kris and Sally again and creating a little bit of Paradise in the UK.”  Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.