Last December, Dr Michael Mosley completed a week of The Fast 800 Keto. And he managed to lose a whopping 2.2kg (5lb) and 2cm around his waist all in one week. "Switching from using glucose to fat (or ketones) as your fuel source is what I call flipping the metabolic switch," he said. "This is when your body begins to burn fat efficiently, triggering weight loss "This process is also known as going into ketosis." He revealed his blood pressure dropped by 10 points into the "super healthy range" and his early morning fasting blood sugars dropped from 5.6 (borderline pre-diabetic) to 4.6 (very healthy), all in seven days. Dr Mosley explained that this happens with the body prioritises burning glucose from carbohydrate-rich foods such as bread, potatoes and pasta. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake It then turns to burning fat, which he stated is a "far more efficient source of energy". "Switching from using glucose to using fat as your fuel source can lead to a host of benefits such as weight loss, feeling less hungry, having more energy and a clearer mind," he noted. But when people limit their consumption of carbohydrates and instead enjoy a diet that prioritises healthy fats and protein, dietary fats are converted into ketones by the liver and used as fuel, known as ketosis. "The first fat to go is likely to be around the tummy," Dr Mosley said. "Having lots of fat stored around the tummy is really unhealthy, which is why your waist size is such an important predictor of health. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "You also start to rapidly lose any fat that has been stored in your liver and pancreas, which is again a really bad place for it to be. That is why people with raised blood sugars see rapid improvements." Dr Mosley's Fast 800 meal plans are specifically designed to keep those who have a lot of weight to lose and committed to make changes, in nutritional ketosis. "A rapid weight loss plan, with typical weight loss of around 10kg in 12 weeks, is a proven way to reverse, and prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes," he said. He suggested following five key points to flip the metabolic switch, either by intermittent fasting or reducing carbohydrates. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim People limit their intake of foods and calorie-containing beverages to a set window of around eight hours per day. This is a popular method that has been proven to work for some people. Ditch: Simple carbs – like juices, fruit, sugar and sweet things are broken into glucose quickly and cause a rapid rise in blood sugar levels Starchy carbs – found in potatoes, rice, wheat, bread, corn – similarly to simple, cause a rapid rise in blood sugars And opt for: Complex carbs – found in vegetables, take longer to digest meaning there’s a more gradual rise in blood sugars Fibre – a form of complex carbs that is non-digestible, it feeds the gut microbiome and supports healthy digestive function Ensure protein remains above 50g per day while keeping carbohydrates intake under 50g Dr Mosley hailed the Mediterranean diet the "the healthiest diet out there". Rich in protein, fibre, healthy fats and some complex carbs, he recommended following it reap the benefits of weight loss and more. It can take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks to begin seeing the benefits. "Trust the science, stick with it and you absolutely will see progress," he assured.