Mr Farage slammed Mr Sunak for copycat “man in pub” routine as experts say he is trying to appear as the “common” family man, a news report stated. The statement comes at the time when Mr Sunak and Liz Truss are competing for the race of the next Prime Minister.  Speaking to MailOnline, Mr Farage said: “He clearly thinks my image will help him and as for the man in the pub - don't make me laugh. “I was also in one of his videos - but I don't endorse Rishi's migrant policy.” Mr Sunak recently invited his wife Akshata and daughters Anoushka and Krishna over the weekend, despite previously suggesting they were off limits during the row over Ms Murthy's tax affairs. The former Chancellor has also been pictured pulling pints of ale at a Cheshire pub - despite not being a drinker - in a wax jacket and open shirt, reminiscent of former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage on the campaign trail, claimed the news report.  Footage of one of Mr Farage's hard-hitting reports on migrants for GB News even appeared in one of Mr Sunak's campaign videos. Mr Sunak has spent the past few days of his leadership campaign claiming he is the “underdog” in the battle with Liz Truss, who is the favourite with the bookies to win the battle for No 10. Mr Sunak also took aim at his rival's Brexit credentials in his speech on Saturday morning, which was heavy on warnings about the dangers of inflation as he promised to put the UK on a “crisis footing” if he enters No 10. He has been up and down the country in recent days.  READ MORE: 'Most contagious Covid variant yet' explodes in UK, calls for curbs His family joined him where he used a speech in Grantham, the birthplace of Margaret Thatcher, to kick-start his campaign as he bids to win over Tory members. He recently announced a plan to scrap VAT on energy bills - a significant U-turn on his previous pledge not to make any immediate tax cuts. The former Chancellor said that if he becomes Prime Minister he would implement the temporary measure to save the average household £160. It marks a significant change of direction after he repeatedly said he wants to hold off on tax cuts until inflation is under control.  DON'T MISS:Luzon earthquake: Monster magnitude 7.1 quake rocks Philippines GB news: ‘Mess up!’ Macron ‘failed’ in manning Dover borderUkraine urges citizens to share 'where Russian troops live' Ms Truss also ramped up her bid to win the keys to No 10 with a new policy announcement on Tuesday night - as she pledged to publish police league tables while asking forces to slash serious crime by 20 percent.