Lydia (played by Karen Blick) was running around doing numerous jobs during Thursday's episode of Emmerdale as she recently acquired the role of Kim Tate's (Claire King) wedding planner. It seemed the stress just kept mounting on her shoulders, as Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) and Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) contemplated their futures after discovering they were pregnant. However, following the latest instalment of the ITV soap, they might not be the only villagers who are expecting a new arrival in the Autumn. The episode began with Lydia trying to balance her work at the café as well as trying to take calls from Kim, who was making orders left, right and centre. Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) was concerned for her neighbour, not only because of how much she had on her plate but also, of the way she was being towards the customers. With the residents of the village not getting what they ordered or receiving the wrong items, Brenda thought it was right to have a word with her friend. Unfortunately, this went down south as Lydia lost it with her co-worker and directed all of her frustrations toward her. "Are you even working today?" Brenda asked, with Lydia replying: "What does it look like I'm doing? Waiting on the number seven bus?" READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne "I have been flying around this place since half past seven this morning. You, you rock up at nine o'clock," she continued as the anger poured out of her. "You make one measly hot chocolate and you want a flipping medal," Lydia concluded before running out of the café in disgust. Later on in the episode, Brenda called on Sam Dingle (James Hooton) to ask if everything was alright with his wife as she hadn't returned to work. Sitting down in the café, Brenda said: "I was just a bit worried about Lydia. Did she tell you she stormed off earlier?" Sam put it down to the fact Kim was badgering his wife to get everything done with regard to the wedding preparation. "She had a right go at me," Brenda explained, with Sam asking her if she ok at which moment Lydia came back into the café. Lydia had her tail between her legs as she realised she had been out of character by launching her frustrations at Brenda. "I'm sorry about before. I've had a bit of a day," she said, with Brenda telling her there was nothing to worry about. "It's not your fault Kim Tate is a total nightmare," Sam added, with Lydia explaining to her husband: "She knows what she wants." Referring to an earlier conversation she had with Leyla Cavanagh (Roxy Shahidi), who was fired by Kim, she knew she had to put all her energy into wedding planning. DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] "I said I would do it so I just need to get on with it and stop being such a wuss. This is going to be the wedding of the decade," Lydia continued. However, there could be another explanation as to why Lydia's emotions are all over the place and this could be because she is pregnant. It hasn't been spoken about between Lydia and Sam that they would want a child of their own, with the beloved villager becoming a mother to Samson Dingle (Sam Hall). This has seemed more than enough for the pair and this is why a pregnancy could come as a complete surprise to them. As she realises it seems to be more than just stress making her lash out, Lydia could take a pregnancy test and inform her husband they are expecting. As the characters are older, they could worry they wouldn't be able to take on a baby as well as working around their busy lives. However, this could be put into the show ahead of the show's 50th anniversary as there could be three births that take place around the milestone episodes. Back in 2012, for the soap's 40th-anniversary celebrations, there were two births that aired as Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb) and Gennie Walker (Sian Reese-Williams) had their babies. Bosses could be hoping to trump this record in the autumn with Lydia, Charity and Amelia all set to deliver around the same time. But with so much to consider before having a baby, will all three of them carry on with their pregnancies? Earlier this year, the executive producer for the show, Jane Hudson, explained there would be some new arrivals in the coming months. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she said: "There will be a new baby arriving in Emmerdale before the end of the year. "I think that's not giving anything away as there are so many female characters in the show, but there will be a new arrival before the year is out. "There's probably going to be a birth in the anniversary month perhaps! Babies in soaps are either born on programme celebrations or Christmas so there's going to be one of those happening." Will a trio of births be a fitting attribute to see in 50 years of the show being on air? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.