Chelsea have emerged as potential suitors in the ever-continuing saga surrounding Harry Kane's future at Tottenham Hotspur. The Blues could look to complete a sensational intra-London transfer in the coming years as Kane grows closer to his 2024 contract expiry. Tottenham fought hard to fend off intense interest from Manchester City last summer, rejecting an offer worth around £100million for the England captain. And after Man City's recent capture of Erling Haaland, the north London outfit received some respite in their attempts to retain his services. Antonio Conte's arrival and his early success with Tottenham have seemingly strengthened the club's bid to tie Kane to a contract extension. But after Bayern Munich emerged as admirers last week, reports claim Chelsea are also circling the 28-year-old striker. According to Bild, Chelsea are very interested in Kane's services but believe Tottenham would prefer to sell to an overseas club like Bayern if he decides against signing a new deal. It comes as a boost for the Bundesliga champions, who seem to be keeping tabs on the situation based on manager Julian Nagelsmann's recent comments. JUST IN: Man Utd unveil Christian Eriksen as midfielder reveals Ten Hag role  During Bayern's pre-season camp, Nagelsmann heaped praise on Kane and suggested to 'see what happens' down the line rather than this summer due to his current sky-high valuation. He said: "He's very expensive, that's the problem - but a brilliant player. [He's] one of the best forwards. "[He's] perhaps one of two or three who can play as a centre forward [as well as a] No 10, but he's very strong, brilliant with [his] head and both feet. He could score a lot in the Bundesliga, I don't know the price, but it's really tough for Bayern Munich. We'll see what happens in the future." READ MORE: Kompany: 'Stay smart and we won't get burnt'  Kane is set to be front and centre of Conte's plans this season as Spurs gear up to return to Champions League action. The Italian head coach has been heavily backed this summer, and there is widespread hope he will be the manager to end the club's almost two-decade-long trophy drought. But if they fail to do so and also can't maintain their status in Europe's elite competition, Kane could consider a new challenge ahead of inevitable heavyweight interest. And Spurs' £60million signing of Richarlison would help facilitate his exit if he opts against staying in north London beyond 2024.