Video on social media shows smoke rising from a depot in occupied Nova Kakhovka, Kherson Oblast. Ukraine’s general staff claimed on Friday that they had killed 44 Russian soldiers and destroying air defence systems in the process. Serhiy Khlan, member of the Kherson Regional Council, adviser to the Head of the Kherson Regional Military Administration, announced the shelling. He posted on Facebook: "Today, virtually two hours ago, an ammunition depot in Nova Kakhovka was hit. “Moreover, according to preliminary information, a traitor, a former policeman who agreed to cooperate with the occupiers, Serhiy Tomka, was killed there [in Nova Kakhovka] yesterday.” Mr Khlan added a cluster of military equipment was smashed in Chornobayivka yesterday. Military expert Ivan Kyrychevsky told Ukraine’s Radio NV Kyiv has hit 20 Russian ammunition depots in Russian-occupied areas. It comes as the UK’s defence ministry said on Friday that Russian forces were pausing to replenish and reposition their equipment to launch an offensive on Siversk, a small town in the north of Ukrainian-controlled Donetsk, in order to push towards the urban areas under Ukrainian control. Vladimir Putin said at a meeting with parliamentary leaders on Thursday Russia had not “started anything yet in earnest” in Ukraine and that it would be harder to negotiate the longer the conflict continued. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Brutal Chechen warlord begs Putin to let soldiers HUNT It also comes as Russia continues its offensive into Ukraine’s eastern Donetsk region after capturing almost the entire neighbouring Luhansk region. Serhiy Haidai, head of Ukraine-controlled Luhansk’s regional civil administration, told Ukraine’s United News he did not agree with views Russia paused its offensive to regroup. He said: “There has not been any kind of operational pause or reduction in shelling. “Their attempts to advance forward are constant. They are putting in new units, including tank units.” Russian forces have hit major urban areas in the Ukrainian-controlled parts of Donetsk. At least eight people have been killed and 27 injured in strikes on Sloviansk in the past week, according to the city’s authorities. Russian forces have also hit the city of Kramatorsk, the post-2014 regional capital of Ukrainian-controlled Donetsk, twice. MORE TO FOLLOW