EastEnders' viewers eagerly awaiting the return of the Albert Square bad boy played by Ross Kemp, may not have to wait much longer after Sharon Mitchell's revelation her former lover was on the next flight to the UK. After six years away from Walford, how will the younger Mitchell brother make his second major comeback? On Monday night's episode Sharon (played Letitia Dean) received a call from the estranged Grant, following several mentions of his name during the show. In a dramatic row with her on-off lover Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), a close up of Sharon's phone revealed a call from Grant, currently building his life back up in the Algarve. During a heated conversation with an angry Phil, Sharon revealed the chat she had with his younger brother. Sharon revealed to an angry Phil how Grant said he would come back to Albert Square in the near-future. An emotional Sharon explained: "He was kind. I was a complete mess, blubbing like a baby. He was comforting. He said he’d come over on the next flight." This sent EastEnders fans into a frenzy after an already dramatic week, which saw Phil seemingly return from the dead. The Arches owner was supposedly killed while in prison, while serving time for the murder of Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood). However, the grizzly businessman returned to new venue Peggy's while most of the Square joined to celebrate the life of his late mother, who the bar is named after. Grant was last seen on the soap in 2016 and in classic fashion, gave a pep talk to his brother Phil in the infamous Arches garage. Back then, he explained his decision to leave the Square once again to rebuild his life in Portugal. At the time he confided in Phil, confessing he was a bad father to daughter Courtney and Walford had nothing to offer him. What could have changed for him to have such a change of heart? After their cosy conversation, perhaps Grant is making one last move for ex-partner Sharon, or he may be looking to dominate Walford with Phil, now his big brother is (somehow) out of prison. The Mitchells are certainly back in the spotlight at the moment. Youngest sibling Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) recently faked a siege in order to look like she has saved a horrified Kat Slater's (Jessie Wallace) life. This is all to prove her credentials as a fully fledged member of the family. So, while Phil returns from the dead and with sister Sam causing all sorts of antics behind his back, it's doubtful a returning Grant would bring peace to the forever feuding family. DON'T MISS (UPDATE)(LATEST) (UPDATE)