Pauley Perrette may have retired from the acting world following the cancellation of CBS sitcom Broke but the NCIS legend made a rare return to screens in the USA this past weekend. After leaving the character of NCIS fan-favourite Abby Sciuto behind her in 2018, Perrette’s stock in Hollywood still remains high as fans keep up to date with what she’s up to on social media. On Saturday, July 23, she appeared on network KTLA 5 to take part in Project Angel Food’s Lead with Love 3 telethon. Project Angel Food is a charity which, according to its website, “prepares and delivers healthy meals to feed people impacted by serious illness, bringing comfort and hope every day”. Former NCIS star Perrette has regularly shown her support for the charity, encouraging donations on social media and appearing on its telethons. US network KTLA 5 was the channel hosting this year with Eric McCormack and Jessica Holmes hosting proceedings. And the pair beamed as Perrette joined them in the studio, with Holmes introducing the actor: “Project Angel Food is all about love and caring, and no one knows that more than our friend and Project Angel Food trustee, Pauley Perrette.” READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Kensi Blye star sparks meltdown with peek at season 14 set Applause erupted in the studio while Holmes excitedly asked: “Pauley! How are you?” “I’m so glad to be back here again,” Perrette said to viewers. “I was right here last year, it was fantastic.” Holmes weighed back in: “That’s right, and I know how much this organisation means to you and we know that every donation made tonight lets someone in our community know that we care. “(And) that they’re not alone, that they’re loved, and that they belong. “And that’s such an important thing from the stories we’ve heard tonight,” she added before Perrette replied: “It is, and not only are we giving food but we’re giving love. “Tonight’s our night to let you guys join us in this wonderful thing! “You can be a part of it because it’s really great to be a part of,” the former NCIS stalwart added before reaching into her sock. “I actually have... “This is my $9,000 cheque, I think you can put it in… That’s for Project Angel Food.” “That is so generous, thank you, Pauley,” McCormack replied as he jokingly pretended to pocket the cheque for himself. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 20 theory: Torres and Knight for romance as fans tip twistNCIS' Pauley Perrette showered with support after home struggleNCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula dealt huge blow as new show axed by NBC The celebs in the studio shared a laugh before Perrette continued: “I’m proud to be a part of it and I’ve been a part of it for a long time. “Now, I’m really excited to say what I’m about to say because - I’m supposed to say this - but I’m a huge fan so this is like my little self in my bedroom with my girlfriends doing the Love Is a Battlefield dance… spoiler alert. “Our next guests have generously taken the time out of their North American tour to perform their beloved classic, We Belong. “Please welcome the legendary 2022 Hall of Fame inductees, Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo.” The singers were just two of the A-lister names taking part alongside Perrette for the charitable cause. Perrette has teased her appearance to her 709.2k Twitter followers, penning: “See me and a bunch of other folks on @KTLA tonight, Saturday, at 7pm PT for our third #LeadWithLove Telethon for #ProjectAngelFood. “Feeding those in need with food and love. Join us!!! #LWL3 @ProjAngelFood.” NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS in the USA on September 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced.