Tottenham have reportedly asked about signing Memphis Depay during their negotiations to take Clement Lenglet to north London. Lenglet is set to join Spurs on a season-long loan but he is not the only Barcelona player they are seemingly keen on bringing to the club in this window. Depay has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp in recent months. He only joined the club last summer on a free transfer after leaving Lyon. The Holland international made 38 appearances but was not always a regular once Xavi replaced Ronaldo Koeman as manager. Depay's contract expires in less than 12 months' time and Barca are keen on selling him. Spanish outlet Sport says Spurs have enquired about the former Manchester United forward while thrashing out terms to sign Lenglet. Depay wants to play in the Champions League if he were to leave and Tottenham fit the bill. Transfer news LIVE: Cristiano Ronaldo to Chelsea, Man Utd medical, Arsenal submit new bid  The report says Barca have told Depay he will leave if an offer of more than £17.2million (€20m) is received because he will not get the minutes he desires this season. Barca are still hopeful of keeping Ousmane Dembele, while Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha are top targets. If all three players are at Barca next season, that would further decrease Depay's chances of being a regular. Sport says Sevilla are linked with a move for Depay as part of a potential swap deal for Jules Kounde. However, Barca would prefer a straight cash transfer and Tottenham could be the answer. There are good relations between the two clubs following the Lenglet deal, which could be announced soon. Spurs have only just signed a new forward, bringing in Richarlison from Everton for £60m. However, Antonio Conte is set to sanction the exit of Steven Bergwijn, with former club Ajax keen on a deal. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already signed one Ronaldo replacement but now they need a secondMaurizio Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'Lisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for deal  Depay struggled in his first spell in England with United after signing in 2015. He scored just seven goals in 53 appearances for the Red Devils. Jose Mourinho sold the Dutchman in January 2017, just 18 months after the star's arrival. Meanwhile, Lenglet is set to become Spurs' fifth signing of the window. Conte was keen on putting his stamp on the squad in his first summer in charge. Richarlison added to the arrivals of midfielder Yves Bissouma, experienced wide player Ivan Perisic and goalkeeper Fraser Forster.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here