Sue Barker bit back at Pat Cash after the Australian made an Andy Murray jibe during the BBC's coverage of Wimbledon. Cash claimed  British No 1 Cameron Norrie was a much more fun player to watch than three-time Grand Slam champion Murray but Barker put him in his place. Norrie has reached the semi-final at Wimbledon after beating David Goffin in five sets on Tuesday. Cash was full of praise for the 26-year-old, who hadn't gone past the third round of any major tournament before. On Wednesday's coverage on BBC One, Cash explained how Norrie has improved, especially in the last year and a half. He said: "Cam's game has improved so much over the last 18 months. "I was coaching Brandon Nakashima and we looked at Cam's game and it was very one-dimensional. We picked it up pretty quickly; good topspin forehand, flat backhand, goes across court all the time, decent left-handed serve, get under the second serve and you'll be fine. He's ok, he's a solid player.  "But now he has got a big forehand, really steps in and crunches that backhand across court, and nobody likes that left-handed backhand across, zinging across to the forehand really opening up the court. That's one heck of a shot. "And then he follows it up with a heavy forehand or down the line. He has missed a few down the line the last couple of matches, he'll have to tidy that up, but he does get through his service games." And Cash's assessment of the Brit got Barker infused ahead of the semi-final against Novak Djokovic on Friday. She replied: "You've excited the nation by talking about Cam Norrie."  Cash responded by then making his jibe about Murray, saying: "[Norrie] is an exciting player, and he is also a great player to watch. He is actually a fun player to watch - not like Andy Murray, who just never misses a ball." But Barker wouldn't let the 57-year-old get away with that. While the pair and Tim Henman laughed, she said: Barker said: "Sir Andy Murray I'll have you know! Anyway, moving swiftly on..." Cash could be heard in the background saying: "Sorry Andy." Murray crashed out in the second round of this year's tournament to the big-serving John Isner. 