Firefighters found the red Kia after they were called to the village of Bigbury-on-Sea in Devon on Thursday. The driver, 87, had parked on top of a wall before going out for her birthday meal. Nobody was injured. Photos show bewildered crew members from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service staring at the car. Crews from Ivybridge, a heavy rescue tender, a recovery vehicle and winching equipment were used to help retrieve the vehicle. Simon Carey from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service said on Twitter: "Interesting afternoon. The 87yr old driver who had been out for her birthday meal had a little mishap. "Crews from Ivybridge and the heavy rescue tender from Middlemoor attended. 2 acrow props, 2 tirfor winches and a powered winch brought the vehicle to safety. No injuries!!"  A Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service spokesman told Plymouth Live: "We were called at 2.20pm to an address in Bigbury-on-Sea to deal with the incident." He said the car was in a precarious position, 20ft above the ground and resting on the corner of the roof of a house. News of the trapped car comes as fuel price protests begin to make traffic jams even worse during what is expected to be the busiest summer getaway in at least eight years. Avon and Somerset Police have warned motorists "slow-moving roadblocks" are planned on parts of the M4, M5, M32 and A38 today.  READ MORE ABOUT FUEL PROTESTS An image posted on Facebook group Fuel Price Stand Against Tax suggests demonstrations will be held "nationwide", including in Birmingham, Cardiff, Liverpool, London and Manchester. The RAC said an estimated 18.8 million leisure trips by road are planned in the UK between Friday and Monday with schools in England and Wales breaking up for the summer. It is the most trips since the company began tracking summer getaway numbers in 2014. Superintendent Tony Blatchford from Avon and Somerset Police urged drivers to consider alternative travel plans due to the protests.   DON'T MISS: Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' [REVEALED] Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 [LATEST] Kate Garraway pulls out of GMB as husband Derek takes 'turn for worse' [REPORT] He said: "Our protest liaison team has been engaging with the organiser so we can inform the public of the likely disruption and help to minimise it. "Nevertheless, drivers can expect journey times will likely be longer than normal, especially on motorways, which often tend to be at their busiest at this time of year. "We advise motorists to consider any alternative travel plans available and ensure they are suitably prepared in case they are delayed." In the south west, the first of two convoys was due to set off at 8.45am, heading northbound along the M5 between Bridgwater and Almondsbury Interchange.  Convoy vehicles were due to continue east along the M4 to Junction 1 of the M32 where they planned to form a roadblock before retracing the journey in the opposite direction. A second convoy was due to depart at 8.45am near Junction 24 of the M5 in a slow-moving protest before blocking the forecourt of a Shell garage. It is believed the worst-affected route will be the M25 particularly between Bromley and the Dartford Crossing; Maple Cross and the M3; and the M23 to the M40. Meanwhile, the Port of Dover, Britain's main gateway into Europe, declared a critical incident on Friday over long delays.  Its officials blamed French authorities for causing a bottleneck as holidaymakers look to start their summer breaks. Ferry operators have warned passengers travelling to Calais they face delays of up to four hours at the start of what is typically one of the busiest travel periods. A statement posted on the Port of Dover website said: "We are deeply frustrated that the resource at the French border overnight and early this morning has been woefully inadequate to meet our predicted demand." 