Alpine team principal Otmar Szafnauer has hit back at Fernando Alonso after the Spaniard blasted the team for costing him points this season. The double world champion claimed he could have had 60 or 70 more points had it not been for reliability issues during the season. Alonso swiped back at the team, adding he was “very proud” of his own job this year and was frustrated his good performances were not being rewarded with better results. The Alpine driver revealed he was doing “as much as I can” and admitted people would get the wrong impression of his season after seeing him just 10th in the standings. He also questioned why team-mate Esteban Ocon didn’t suffer as many reliability issues which has seen the Frenchman jump him in the Drivers' Championship. The 40-year-old said: “Esteban's car is always good.” Alonso suffered a hydraulic failure in Australia and an engine problem in Canada which prevented him from capitalising on a front-row start. His car wouldn’t fire up ahead of Saturday’s sprint race in Austria which was unable to be restarted. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso slams 'boring' F1 as same four drivers dominate However, the comments have forced Szafnauer to hit back and defend the team. He suggested it was "not that we're failing Fernando” despite a difficult campaign for the pair this season. The boss even threw fire on the debate as he suggested Alonso himself was partly to blame for a lack of points finishes. Szafnauer then identified several errors the world champion has made throughout this season. He refused to accept Alpine had been responsible for all of his retirements but confirmed the team needed to “solve all the little problems”. Szafnauer told AS: “There are several reasons why he hasn't scored points. “I remember the battle with Mick Schumacher [at Imola], a touch made a hole in the sidepod. His defence in Canada against [Valtteri] Bottas cost him a penalty, just like in Miami. DON'T MISSFernando Alonso caught angrily wagging finger at Yuki Tsunoda mid-race [INSIGHT]Alonso wants FIA talks as ace baffled by rules ahead of Austrian GP [COMMENT]George Russell fires warning to Lando Norris and Fernando Alonso  [ANALYSIS] "Things like what happened on Saturday before the Sprint can happen to anyone. It's not an Alpine problem. We do not know what caused the problem, but everything indicates that it was a problem with the control unit, which is a part that we did not design, but that we bought. "Failed on an Alpine car because of our installation? I doubt it. But we must understand what has happened. We have to solve all the little problems, so that they don't reappear in the car. But you never know what will be next, because otherwise it would already be resolved."