Today marks 10 years since Roger Federer left Andy Murray in tears with victory at the 2012 Wimbledon final. The Swiss maestro went into the game hoping to win a 17th Grand Slam title of his career. And he did exactly that, devastating his British opponent in the process. While Federer was looking to add another Grand Slam to his glittering collection, Murray was hoping to finally get off the mark. The Brit entered the showdown against the Swiss maestro looking to avoid losing a fourth Grand Slam final in a row, believing the support of the home crowd could inspire him to glory. Except things didn’t work out that way. Murray got the proceedings off to a positive start, with the Brit claiming the first set 6-4 by playing some truly sumptuous stuff - getting Centre Court rocking in the process. Yet Federer produced a masterclass to reign supreme and conquer London once again, winning a seventh Wimbledon crown in the process. After the game, Murray was besides himself. The 35-year-old was unable to hold back the tears, having tasted defeat in a Grand Slam final once again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Federer was classy in the aftermath of the contest, with the veteran making clear just how highly he rated his opponent. “He’s done so well over the years, he’s been so consistent,” said Federer in the immediate aftermath of the match. “And to me it shows so dearly he cares about tennis, about this tournament. “He will, for sure, win at least one Grand Slam. So this is what I hope for Andy.” Federer’s prediction was bang on the money, too. Murray could have been forgiven for shutting himself away for weeks and months, with the Brit so overwhelmed following his defeat. But, instead, he knuckled down to make sure he was in the best position possible in order to bounce back. Murray won the Olympics just a few weeks later, with Federer beaten in the final as he brought the gold medal home for Great Britain. And, in September that same year, he finally ended his Grand Slam duck by battling his way to the US Open trophy. Murray put Djokovic to the sword at the Arthur Ashe Stadium, winning 7–6, 7–5, 2–6, 3–6, 6–2 to break his curse. He’d also go on to win Wimbledon the following year, becoming the first male Brit since Fred Perry to go all the way. And his defeat to Federer, while agonising at the time, ultimately paved the way for him to realise his full potential and etch his name into the history books. Murray was so devastated after his loss at Wimbledon a decade ago he could hardly speak. He said: "Everybody always talks about the pressure of playing at Wimbledon, but it's not the people watching - they make it incredible. "There are mixed emotions. Most of them are negative. The reaction from the crowd was great. “I felt like I was playing for the nation and I couldn't quite do it." And Murray also said: "This fortnight was a step in the right direction. I won't go back on the court until my mind is right and I am over the loss. "The Olympics is a special event and I want to make sure I am ready. If I play like I did this week I have a good chance of winning a medal." Murray’s mother, Judy, said last year that the defeat left her son crushed for ‘three of four days’, too. “Andy was so, so devastated after losing the Wimbledon final,” she said in 2021. “If you can put yourself in his shoes, it's the thing you kind of dreamed [since being] quite small and you make it to the final... you don't know if you'll ever get that chance again. “You feel like you've let everybody down because you've got that far, but you haven't quite made it. “And, you know, for three or four days afterwards, he was really, really down.”