But after last night’s debate with Rishi it looks like the impossible, the inconceivable, the downright nonsensical is about to come true. Rishi needed to pull off a miracle during last night’s TV debate, a “gotcha” moment to level up with Truss, but he didn’t. He just looked scared. What the Hell has it come to when an unremarkable woman like Truss, who a year ago didn’t have an opinion on anything, turns out to be the best choice to lead this country? Of course the electorate don’t think she’s the best. We know very little about her and most of what we know we don’t like. But then what we think doesn’t matter. We don’t get a say in it. The people running the show are a small cabal of the Tory elite who forced Boris out and then tried to foist Truss onto the Party’s 160,000 members who now look like they’re about to vote her in. That’s what passes for democracy these days. I’m sorry but sometimes politics in this country stinks. Liz Truss may be a perfectly decent woman but the British people didn’t choose her. They chose Boris – 14m of them. And they chose him for a reason – because he has character, personality, flair and he connects with people. At best Liz Truss looks like a woman who might get to hold high office in the Girl Guides - not to run a country that’s buckling under rampant inflation and enduring the worst cost of living crisis in living memory. And after his lacklustre performance on last night’s debate Sunak must be wondering what the Hell stabbing Boris in the back has achieved. Because from where I was sitting (in a TV studio next to Boris’ Dad, Stanley Johnson) he looked like a man who’s been roundly exposed as not quite good enough. There was real fear in his eyes when Truss unleashed her inner Brown Owl. He looked like a man who knew he was beaten not least when Liz told him she hoped that when she was PM he’d work on her team.  I hope to God I’m wrong - truly I do, but anyone who thinks Liz Truss is going to unite a Party that’s currently at war with itself, is living in La La Land. Because from the minute Sunak and Javid betrayed Boris claiming they’d done it for the good of the Party and the country, the Tories have nose-dived into a spiral of self-destruction. Which is exactly what happened in 1990 when Maggie Thatcher was ousted by her ministers and what followed was a civil war that lasted for years. It was a war that derailed her successor John Major and it plunged the Tories into the political wilderness. Which is exactly where they’re headed right now. Labour must be clapping their hands with glee knowing the person who’s going to try and persuade the Red Wall to stay onboard with the Tories is the charisma-free Truss who Dominic Cummings slated as “mad as a box of snakes”. Are those ministers and politicians who did for Boris so consumed by their own personal ambitions they couldn’t see that slaying the man who’d taken them to an 80-seat victory was a demented act of self-harm? Did they not see that ousting Boris the way they did showed contempt not just for democracy but for the 14m who voted for him AND for Tory Party members, two thirds of whom chose Boris as leader over Jeremy Hunt just a few short years ago. It really was an unedifying sight to see two would - be leaders scrapping like cats in a sack the way Truss and Sunak did last night. You’d think they’d have learned from last week’s brutal debate where they tore into each other so badly that MP’s urged them to ditch the following day’s debate.  But last night they weren’t much better. I hate the word” bitchy” but that’s what these two were – with a bit of snide, anger and patronising thrown in for good measure. And that’s not a good look in front of an electorate whose vote you want in the next election. And for those who say 'Oh well, at least they set out their visions for the future', no they didn’t, they set out a vision they thought the electorate wanted to see. I’m sorry, but I don’t trust either of them as far as I could throw them. They’re saying whatever they think will get them elected. And most of it is fantasy. Worse, both are pretending they come at this election bearing no responsibility for the mess Britain’s currently in. Not true! Truss has been in the cabinets of three previous PM’s and Sunak has been in the cabinet since 2020. So both must take collective responsibility for what’s happening today. I refuse to believe Truss has got what it takes to be a good PM. She claims to be loyal yet for the past year she’s been on manoeuvres having secret talks with people trying to garner their support if the top job happened to become available. Her mantra “I get things done” has been rubbished by Dominic Cummings who has dubbed her the human hand grenade” not because she gets things done but because she causes chaos.  Truss once played Maggie Thatcher in a school play and it's clearly gone to her head because last night it was obvious she was trying to channel her inner Maggie. But I’m sorry you have to question the intelligence of a woman who just last week said: “Labour fears me. I’m their worst nightmare." That’s not just self-delusion; it shows she has zero awareness of how the electorate sees her. Tory voters must have looked at this woman in despair last night. Because if she’s really the best we’ve got – God help us! 