Naturally, as a parent of three children, the Duchess is always on the lookout for places to take them. When in the capital, the family live at Kensington Palace which is conveniently centrally located for a wide range of attractions.  However, a source told HELLO that the Duchess is now a regular at a trampolining park in south west London. According to the source, the Duchess is "down to earth" and fits in very well with the other mums. They said: "Kate takes her kids to the trampoline park quite regularly and really blends in as any other mum. "She went a couple of Saturdays ago with George and Louis and took her shoes off like everyone else, and was walking around the edge of the trampolines following her sons.  "It was a very down-to-earth mum moment, very sweet." In the past, the Duchess has been spotted taking her children to the Natural History Museum in South Kensington. During an official engagement in 2017 she revealed that the children love their visits to the iconic museum. She said: "Like many of you here tonight, I remember visiting the Natural History Museum as a child, and being inspired with a love of nature. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte asks Kate heartbreaking question before school  "And now, as a parent myself, I am experiencing the joy all over again with my own children, who adore coming here – and it is not just to see the T-Rex, mind you." The Cambridges have also been spotted cycling and walking in Hyde Park which is on the doorstep of Kensington Palace. From a young age the Cambridge children have been having Tennis lessons at the exclusive Hurlingham Club in Fulham. The club which also has facilities for Croquet, Golf and Polo charges £1,400 a year for membership. DON'T MISS: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant [REVEAL] Harry prepares for Home Office showdown over security [INSIGHT] What kind of royal will Princess Charlotte be according to astrology? [SPOTLIGHT]  Prince Charles and Prince Philip have both been patrons in the past while famous members include actor Trevor Eve and writer Jeffrey Archer. In 2019, an insider told HELLO that the Cambridge children loved visiting the club. They said: "She takes all the kids. "There's a gorgeous playground they all love, and George and Charlotte have tennis lessons. "They all pile into the clubhouse afterwards for lunch or tea and they're never bothered, they're just like any normal family. "They all seem to really love it there." 