Arsenal are set to focus their efforts on the signing of a new central midfielder and winger once they have officially unveiled Oleksandr Zinchenko as their fifth summer acquisition. The Ukrainian is due to undergo a medical in Orlando after the Gunners struck a £32million agreement with Premier League champions Manchester City late last week. Zinchenko will follow Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Gabriel Jesus through the door in what has been an impressive summer window from the Gunners. And it appears they are not done there either as Arsenal weigh up two more exciting new recruits. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano is adamant Edu will be pushing right until the end of the window to tick two more boxes - central midfield and a wide player... "Arsenal will be active till the end, honestly," Wondergoal Podcast. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical "Arsenal will be active till the end, honestly. "As you mentioned Tielemans is a player that they've always been interested in but let's see what happens with wingers because they wanted Raphinha so they've been exploring other alternatives in that position. "So if something good will appear in the market, it could be a possibility. "So, Zinchenko is the priority but Arsenal are not done. So I expect them to move for other players."  Arsenal are yet to move onto other winger targets since their opening bid for Raphinha was rebuffed by Leeds. One name that had cropped up as a potential target earlier in the window was Cody Gakpo of PSV Eindhoven. Coincidentally, the Dutchman is believed to be one of the names Leeds are looking at to replace Raphinha, who has now completed his move to Barcelona. Meanwhile, in midfield, Express Sport understands Tielemans is a deal that could be revisited later in the window. Arsenal seemingly cooled their interest following the capture of Porto's Vieira and instead opted to focus their efforts on signing other targets. But now a deal could be re-explored with Leicester keen to offload due to the Belgian's dwindling contract. Manchester United have also been linked but Arsenal are believed to be the frontrunners for the player, despite failing to make an official bid. Pep Guardiola has confirmed that Zinchenko is leaving Manchester City to join Arsenal, who can now move onto other targets once the versatile full-back is through the door. The Spaniard said: “On behalf of the club, we share our gratitude for the effort and how they behaved on and off the pitch [plus Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling]. "It was nice yesterday with Alex [Zinchenko] because we could say goodbye properly, Gabi and Raheem could not do it. But we could say goodbye to him and he moves onto Arsenal."