This week, Brits are bracing themselves for the hottest day of the year as temperatures are set to soar to 35 degrees by Sunday. Whether you’re a fan of the heat or simply despise how hot and sweaty you get, you must remain cool and hydrated. Here are five foods to eat to stay cool in a heatwave. Wimbledon might be over but strawberries are fully in season. These juicy summer berries are bursting with a host of nutrients perfect for sustaining a balanced diet this summer, including vitamin C, K, folate, potassium, manganese and magnesium. Further, most berries such as strawberries are very alkaline which means that they will generate cold energy in the body and cool you down. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Best snack to 'improve metabolism' - expert Watermelons are perfect for dodging the risk of overheating this summer. Packed with lots of water and a high concentration of electrolytes, the juicy fruit help regulate body temperature and stimulate perspiration. They also contain a nutrient called lycopene which has protective factors against sun exposure. If you’re not a fan of watermelon on its own, try blending it into juice. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle’s discreet bracelet has hidden ‘spiritual’ meaning [COMMENT]Michael Mosley’s clever hack ‘to prevent cravings’ & stop snacking [EXPERT]Beauty expert’s ‘go-to product’ to knock 10yrs off -no botox or filler [EXCLUSIVE] Summer is the perfect time to enjoy a salad, and lettuce is another way to hydrate. These leafy vegetables are rich in vitamin C, vitamin E, folate, vitamin A and various other antioxidant micronutrients. As well as having high water content, the salad necessity makes a refreshing choice during the hot weather. READ MORE: How to keep guacamole fresh and green for seven days in the fridge Celery is not only low in calories, but the fibrous stalks are also rich in a multitude of key nutrients and vitamins, including potassium, calcium and protective plant compounds called flavonoids. These have a wealth of anti-inflammatory and protective effects on the cardiovascular system. If you're not a fan of celery, try dipping it in some hummus, or blending it into juice. Did you know cucumbers are 96 percent water? This makes them the summer essential to pack in your picnic this summer. Aside from staying hydrated, these seasonal fruits are loaded with antioxidants cleansing the body of toxins, aiding the digestive system, and are high in vitamin B-5. The information was provided by nutrition and lifestyle experts yfood.