The Duchess of Cambridge is known for her love of photography. Over the years, Kate, who is mother to Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and four-year-old Prince Louis, has combined her passion for capturing snapshots and her desire to ensure her children's privacy needs are met by taking charge of the photographs of her three children released to the press. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, Kensington Palace's curator Claudia Acott Williams discussed the "intimate" strategy that the 40-year-old has taken upon herself, to ensure an "element of control". Speaking to host Christina Garibaldi, Ms Williams said: "She's [Kate] taken a slightly different approach to how she creates, or manages, her children's public image. "I think by releasing her own photographs, she's, kind of, maintaining an element of control and privacy for them." She added: "[whilst also] showing, prehaps, a much more intimate picture of royal childhood than [what] we've seen before. "You know, [ones] created by studio portrait photographers." READ MORE: 'Skeletons in the closet' Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week Ms Williams added: "We have a group of three photographs in the exhibition, one of each of the children, taken in 2019. "These were the ones that she [Kate] suggested we include." She continued: "Really, you know, they are a mother's eye view onto her children. "George is looking, you know, not into the lens of a portrait photographer [that] he doesn't know, he's looking at his mother, behind the lens. "That is the perspective that, you know, that's unusual and that's an intimacy that we don't often get". READ MORE: Archie Harrison's heart-melting names for parents Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Kate has previously credited her grandfather for her love of photography. She learnt, as a young girl, how to take pictures during visits to her grandfather. She took this hobby into adulthood and the 40-year-old has now become an accomplished photographer. Earlier this month, it was revealed that Kate had taken the cover image of Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, for her guest-edited edition of Country Life magazine. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power' [VIDEO]Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL] Camilla shared some thoughtful remarks about her step-daughter-in-law in an interview with ITV, which showed a sweet bond between the pair. She called Kate an "extremely good photographer" and called the process "very relaxed". Aside from the finished project, Country Life also shared an image, via their Instagram, of the pair in action mode in a behind-the-scenes image. READ NEXT: