Neighbours' Terese Willis star praised the tight bond she and Stefan Dennis - who plays husband Paul Robinson - have created in their time on Ramsay Street. The actress paid tribute to the chemistry they share on set and doubted whether that will ever happen in her career again. Rebekah Elmaloglou has joined the band of Neighbours' favourites in reflecting on her time on the most famous street in soapland. As the final episode draws ever nearer, the actress who plays the businesswoman Terese Willis discussed the tight relationship created with fellow star Stefan Dennis. On the soap, Paul married Terese in 2019 but sensationally divorced recently after weeks of negotiating - in true business fashion. Due to the intense nature of the power couple's relationship in the show, a tight bond was struck between them both. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 When asked what it was like working with the actor and popstar Stefan, Rebekah did not know where to begin. She enthused: "Oh my God, where do I start?! Stefan and I couldn't be further from our characters if we tried. "We are both absolute nutters, we're just nutty, and we're goofy, and we have fun, we get along really well," the soap star added. The huge difference in their characters compared to their own personalities made for a joyous working relationship too. "Neither of us have got executive business bones in our bodies. Well, Stefan might have a bit more than ave, I don't know!" The pair have connected through the up and down relationship endured by Paul and Terese, which ended in the couple splitting up just weeks before the big finale. Rebekah feels the strong working rapport will be hard to replicate elsewhere. The Australian added: "Stefan and I have a very, very deep connection and I’ll really miss him, because we just work. "We just really work. The Terese/Paul dynamic, for me, just feels so natural. He's crazy and he's fun and he's silly and he's gorgeous. And he's an absolute delight to work with. "I don't think I'll ever, ever find a male co-star again that I work with closely like that," Rebekah revealed. DON'T MISS...  Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star in gushing tribute to Kylie [INTERVIEW]Neighbours star refused to be ‘charmed‘ by Queen Mother [INSIGHT]Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [ARTICLE]  During her ten years playing the dynamic character Terese, the 46-year-old also paid tribute to the quality of her fellow on-screen partners too. The TV star - who is also a cousin to Judi Dench - was grateful for the opportunity she's had on the Channel 5 soap. Rebekah said: "I've actually been really lucky with the partners that I've had in Terese's life, like Damien Richardson, Richard Huggett, Tim Kano, the list goes on." Looking back at her time on the soap she concluded: "I've been really blessed."  Playing the character for a decade has been a privilege for Rebekah and she has savoured every moment. The star was philosophical about the long running-soap coming to an end. "I've pinched myself every day. How grateful I am that I've had ten years. Rebekah added: "I mean yeah, the show is ending, but my God, take the end with a good bow. I can't complain, it's been a good run and I have loved every second of it." Neighbours: The Finale airs on Friday 29th July on Channel 5