Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has sent a warning to his squad by declaring that William Saliba is ready to kickstart his career at the Emirates. The French defender has impressed for the north London outfit during pre-season and now looks set to be part of the setup for the forthcoming season. The 21-year-old featured in every match during Arsenal’s tour of the United States and made a huge impression with an indomitable display in the convincing 4-0 victory over Chelsea in the Florida Cup. Arteta used Gabriel Magalhaes and Ben White as his first-choice pairing last season to good effect. But the Spaniard now believes Saliba has shown enough progress to warrant being included in the frame to start games, hailing the youngster as a “top player”. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Arteta wants more Brazilian firepower despite Chelsea win “I am really pleased to see the way he is playing, the way he has adapted to the team, the maturity that he’s shown at 21-years-old, carry on doing it,” Arteta said of Saliba, who has recently agreed to a new contract. “We will keep developing him, he has a huge potential, he is already a top player and we have to make him even better. He looked ready to me today.” Saliba joined Arsenal with high expectations placed upon him after signing from Saint-Etienne for £27million when Unai Emery was in charge in 2019. However, he has spent the last three seasons out on loan back in his native France with his former club, before joining Nice and Marseille last term. It was at the Stade Velodrome where his career has truly taken off, winning the Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year award for his commanding performances at the back. He also earned his first senior call-up to Didier Deschamps’ France squad in March and already has five caps to his name. DON'T MISSArsenal given clear Saka contract warning with Liverpool claimArsenal and Juventus 'reach double agreement' during Arthur talksArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans stance It was thought that Marseille were keen on making his loan move a permanent one, but the French side could not meet Arsenal’s demands for a fee similar to what they paid three years ago. Saliba accepted he would be fighting for his place and vowed to prove himself to his employers. “I have played zero matches with Arsenal and I want to show them what I'm made of and have the chance to play for the supporters and for this big club,” Saliba told TF1, via Get French Football News, before pre-season. And it has turned out to be a blessing in disguise for Arteta, who has essentially unearthed a new signing by adding Saliba to his squad. With the centre-back still yet to make his senior debut, it will surely not be long before the Gunners starlet makes his Premier League bow — and he could line up against Crystal Palace for their opening fixture on August.