The Umbrella Academy is back on Netflix and the TV series has made its way into the streaming platform's top 10 after the release of season three. The latest instalment saw the Hargreeves siblings face 'versions' of themselves from another dimension. One mysterious character is the glowing cube, who the Sparrows call Christopher. Christopher Hargreeves is the only Sparrow who is not in human form, and it is not known where he came from. However, he has been described as a psykronium cube, a telekinetic shape that can inflict serious pain. He may not be able to speak, but he is extremely powerful and managed to contain the kugelblitz for a short time. Sadly, the black hole was too powerful and Christopher was killed by the blast. He was treated just like any other of the Sparrows, who saw him as a brother. READ MORE: Who is Jennifer in The Umbrella Academy and how is she linked to Ben? Christopher had the ability to alter the temperature of a room and induce fear into the minds of his victims. He is also able to paralyse people, making him a huge threat. The series is based on the graphic novels of the same name by Gerard Way. Little is known about Christopher in The Umbrella Academy comics. He is first seen at the end of the last graphic novel with the other Sparrow Academy members. Gerard Way's version of Christopher is made up of millions of dead flies, while the show's Christopher has a rock-like surface. Some fans believe Christopher used to be human, but an experiment or mission gone wrong caused him to change form. Taking to Reddit, ok-series-4711 said: "He might’ve been a normal child at the start but injured badly and was forced to upload his conscience to the cube. "After all Reginald is an alien with different dimensional technology I’m sure he could pull it off." Xavieryes shared: "Just like a lot of other things in the show, it's all a complete mystery. DON'T MISS... Has The Umbrella Academy season 4 been confirmed by Netflix? [INSIGHT] The Umbrella Academy boss shares worrying update on future of series [INTERVIEW] The Umbrella Academy: How old is Number 5 in The Umbrella Academy? [EXPLAINER] "There's a theory popping up here that he was born as a regular kid but something happened to him and Reginald turned him into a cube to save him (just like Luther's ape body). "I think it makes sense, and I believe it happened around 2014 since he was not in the Pogo flashback with the other Sparrows." Honestpuddingg added: "I kind of assumed it was a similar situation to Luther, so maybe Christopher had the power to turn into objects or something similar, but something went wrong on a mission perhaps, so Reggie forced him to permanently stay in a cube form?" Viewers have been wondering how his mother gave birth to him all those years ago. With the other Sparrows, their mothers all gave birth without having been pregnant beforehand. However, it would have been difficult for a human mother to give birth to a cube. This has led fans to believe Christoper was once a regular human baby. BananaSalty8391 shared: "I've read somewhere that his cubic form was a result of post-birth malformation. "That he was born a regular human but over time, his mutation or ability caused him to mutate into a cube. "Kinda like Luther only more grotesque. We saw seven baby carriages, meaning that he wasn't floating yet then. So it would make sense."  The Umbrella Academy season 3 is on Netflix now.