Ralf Little took on the role of DI Neville Parker midway through season nine of Death in Paradise. While the actor has confirmed he will be returning as the lead character for series 12, fans of the BBC drama have revealed they would like to see Josephine Jobert replace him when he does leave.   Josephine became a fan favourite soon after her character, detective sergeant Florence Cassell, made her first appearance on the fictional island of Saint Marie. Florence originally left the BBC drama in season eight following the tragic death of her fiancée. The actress later returned to the show but she devastated Death in Paradise viewers when she left the programme halfway through season 11. However, BBC bosses did not kill her off - so could she make a return to the island in the future? READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present The results of an Express.co.uk poll have revealed 50 percent of 1500 voters want to see the actress replace Ralf as the show's lead character. Comedian Miranda Hart was voted as the next most popular female choice to become a DI on Saint Marie. It was also revealed Neville was the least popular DI on the series to date among poll takers. Kris Marshall, who played DI Humphrey Goodman in series three to six, was voted the most popular choice.   While he has not confirmed whether he would return to the series, he recently opened up about starring in a Death in Paradise spin-off called Beyond Paradise. The Love Actually star revealed the spin-off would take place "in a rural setting in the south-west" of the UK. The series will see Kris' character and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton) navigate a new life together in Britain. Kris told Digital Spy: "We’ve got most of the main cast but we’re sort of casting some of the supporting roles." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise POLL: Should DI Parker be replaced by a female? [POLL]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little's 'painful' discovery on great-grandad [LATEST]Ralf Little heartbroken as he uncovers 'upsetting' family secret [INSIGHT] With Kris focusing on the spin-off show, will Josephine decide to head back to the Caribbean in the near future? The actress recently spoke with her former co-star Tahj Miles, who plays police officer Marlon Pryce in Death in Paradise. The actress explained she has just finished a series which takes place between Paris and London with her mother. She said: "Honestly, it's really nice I don't want to be humble, it is really cool."   The star went on to reveal she and her mother have three other film ideas in the pipeline. 