British UFC prospect Muhammad Mokaev branded Paddy Pimblett a "bulls*** guy" and a ‘poor role model’ during his post-fight interview on Saturday night. Speaking after his dominant win over Charles Johnson at UFC London on Saturday night, Mokaev ripped into Pimblett for his dieting habits and recent weigh-in antics. Addressing the assembled media, he said: "You give this bulls*** guy Paddy Pimblett attention, these guys never ever reach the top 15, realistically they will never reach... I don't think he is not a great role model for young guys. Please follow Tom Aspinall, Arnold Allen, Leon Edwards, men outside the cage and inside the cage. "This guy pulls pants down; you don't do this or get fat and drink beer like an animal. My first refugee centre was in Liverpool, I know real Scouse people and they don't do stuff like that. This guy is too much; I'm not a hater, I just want the new generation to follow real men. He walks behind security and when he sees a camera, he is a thrill guy and when there's no camera he's hiding; I know this energy." The Russian-born Brit was referring to the Scouser’s actions at Friday's weigh-in when Pimblett flashed his bum after making weight for his lightweight fight with Jordan Leavitt. The 27-year-old slapped his backside as he sent a clear message to his doubters, saying: "For everyone who tried to fat-shame me and say I'd miss weight or f***ing pull out, here's me a***," before pulling down his shorts and showing his bum. Pimblett has become infamous for ballooning up in weight between fights thanks to junk food-fuelled binges. After his last bout against Rodrigo Vargas in March, Pimblett admitted to weighing in at a colossal 205lb a few weeks after making 156lb. Mokaev is not alone in his criticisms of Pimblett’s conduct. Speaking to Express Sport, British UFC legend Brad Pickett stated that ‘The Baddy’ needs to start taking the sport more seriously if he hopes to achieve the highest honours. MORE UFC NEWS... Paddy Pimblett Twitter account suspended hours before UFC fight Paddy Pimblett UFC fight time tonight: 'The Baddy' vs Jordan Leavitt UFC tonight: Schedules, live streams, TV channel, fight time “No,” Pickett replied when asked if he thought Pimblett will become a world champion. “I never say never but he would need to change things up and take things seriously, especially his diet. I know he likes the image of having a fight and then getting fat and out of shape. But he’s doing well, he’s got a lot of hype around him and he’s getting paid for it so fair play to him.”