 The Boys returned for season three at the start of June 2022 after a two-year wait, thanks to the coronavirus pandemic. Following the shocking twists of this latest series on Amazon Prime Video, fans are eager to find out what else is in store for the gang. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about the future of The Boys.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Boys.   The Boys season three made its debut on Friday, June 3, when the first three episodes came out on Amazon Prime Video. After that, a new instalment was released every week with the grand finale coming out on Friday, July 8. While there are no more episodes to look forward to in the short term, there is no need to be concerned about the drama's future. The Boys has been renewed and so will be back on Prime Video for a fourth outing. READ MORE: Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics  Amazon Prime Video gave The Boys the green light for more episodes shortly after its return for season three. Showrunner Eric Kripke previously explained that the plan all along was to have a fourth series as it connects with the season just gone. "The storylines that we have set up need to smash into each other at the end of this season," he told RadioTimes.com. "And out of that explosion comes the new threads of the storyline, that then we pick up [in] season 4."  Following the major break between series three and four, it is hard to estimate exactly when The Boys will return. However, it has been confirmed that filming will begin in a matter of weeks. Butcher actor Karl Urban told Collider: "I think August 22, we're going to be starting season four. "So I'm getting back, getting my Butcher back on, and I can't wait. "It's a fun gang to play with, we work hard and play hard, and I can't wait to see where they take the characters from where we leave them at the end of this season.” DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun guests left speechless at 'winner' property [REACTION]Deborah James crashed husband’s work call with sex toy and sieve [EXPLAINER]James May hits out at Our Man in Japan culture backlash [CAST] Bearing this in mind, The Boys season four could premiere on Amazon Prime Video sometime in late 2023. The season three finale saw Black Noir's (played by Nathan Mitchell) time on the show come to a brutal end at the hand of his colleague Homelander (Antony Starr). After confessing that he knew the truth about Homelander's father Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles), Homelander powerfully punched Black Noir and removed part of his bowel. Their interaction ended with Homelander leaving Black Noir to bleed to death on the floor. On top of the fourth season, there are two The Boys spin-offs currently in development. One is an untitled live-action series set at Vought's Supe College with the cast including Jaz Sinclair, Maddie Phillips, and Patrick Schwarzenegger's Golden Boy. While the second spin-off is an animated series called The Boys Presents: Diabolical. The Boys is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.