  Ex-rugby league star Ricky Bibey has died aged 40 while away on vacation, one of his former clubs has said. The rugby star’s death has seen tributes pouring in from his former clubs and fans alike.      Wakefield Trinity posted a heartfelt tribute to their former player on Twitter today. The statement read: "Trinity are saddened to hear of the passing of former prop-forward Ricky Bibey, aged 40. "Ricky played for Trinity between 2007 and 2009, making 60 appearances. “We send our condolences to Ricky's family and friends at this tough time."    Ricky began his career playing for Wigan Warriors in 2001, going on to join Leigh Centurions, St Helens and Wakefield Trinity. He won the Challenge Cup twice during his impressive rugby career. Leigh East, which is also the club where the rugby star began his journey as a junior, also commented on his death in a moving tweet. A club spokesperson said: “All at the club are saddened to hear about the death of our former junior Ricky Bibey who passed away on holiday.     "Ricky played professionally for a number of clubs including Leigh, Wigan, St Helens and Wakefield. “Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this sad time." Another rugby club, St Helens R.F.C. penned: “Ricky Bibey, part of our 2004 squad and member of the Challenge Cup winning side against Wigan has died suddenly whilst on holiday. “Our thoughts and condolences go out to all his family and friends.” READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [LATEST] Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [NEWS] Carol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband [NEWS]     Other tributes to Ricky have come pouring in on Twitter this morning, as fans have begun to share their heartbreaking over the sad news. Love Rugby simply tweeted: “RIP, Ricky Bibey.” While former rugby player Andy Grundy wrote: “Shocked to read this morning about the very sad news of the death of Ricky Bibey. “I played with him briefly in the reserves at Wigan, a real character. RIP Ricky!      Rugby coach and former player Leon Pryce tweeted: “Sincere condolences to Ricky’s family. “We played against each other since the age of about 14. “Yorkshire vs Lancashire & together for England schools boys U16’s. “A great lad. Absolutely devastating news. RIP Ricky.”   