A Norfolk farm culled the animals by shooting them after government investigators allegedly failed to identify the cause of a mystery illness in a small number of pigs. Although firearms are an accepted method to do this, animal rights campaigners claim the way it was carried out was a breach of animal welfare rules. Drone footage showed up to 15 pigs corralled into a pen of straw bales and shot at, with several writhing and convulsing on the ground afterwards. Rebecca Lenik, a senior public relations manager for the RSPCA Assured scheme, said they believed the cull was carried out on the advice of Defra and in the presence of a vet and a representative from the Animal and Plant Health Agency. She added: "This footage is deeply distressing to watch. "However, sadly there are sometimes occasions when it’s necessary to humanely cull animals in certain circumstances to prevent the spread of disease, or potential disease, which we understand was the case in this situation. "However, it is difficult for us to tell from the aerial footage whether all the correct regulations and RSPCA welfare standards were followed. "Therefore we have suspended the farm as a precaution whilst we investigate. This means the farm cannot sell or market any products as RSPCA Assured. "Our investigations are ongoing and we are unable to comment any further at this time." Defra said it would be the responsibility of the local authority to investigate welfare claims.  Ecotricity, founded by Dale Vince, has been funding a series of undercover filming investigations at intensive animal farms since January this year. Mr Vince said: “Forget the farming idyll of the meat marketing industry - farms are not safe for animals. “It’s a barbaric, senseless, abusive industry - that’s literally killing us and the planet we live on. It’s time we moved on as a species.” A Norfolk County Council Trading Standards spokesperson said: “While we hadn't had any reports about this specific incident, generally speaking if we are made aware of a concern such as this we would look into it, in liaison with enforcement partners, to see if any offences have been committed. "This is what we're currently doing in this case.” 