Speaking to Express.co.uk, a leading nutritionist has shared how the humble fruit is one of the most “cost-effective” snacks to help stay hydrated. According to expert Rob Hobson, what we eat is just as important as what we drink during hot weather. He said: “Many people are unaware that our diet provides nearly 20 percent of our daily fluid intake, with fruits and vegetables being the optimal source for this, including apples, peppers and cucumbers. “Some of the most common signs of dehydration can include extreme fatigue, mood change, a lack of concentration, headaches and dizziness, so 'eating' your fluids is a great way to stay hydrated, particularly as the British weather heats up.” Having teamed up with the British Apples and Pears organisation, Rob explained the top five foods when it comes to hydration. Apples - water content 86 percent and water per apple, 108ml. The average Gala apple costs 23p. From British Apples and Pears research, apples are one of the most cost effective, hydrating food options. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The vitamin deficiency found in 'three-fourths' of diagnosed patients  Sweet peppers - water content 94 percent, and water per 180 gram pepper, 171ml. Peppers of all colours are another great source of water and can be eaten as a snack or added to salads, a stir-fry, one-pot dishes or blended into dips. These brightly coloured vegetables also provide one of the richest sources of vitamin C and antioxidant carotenoids, such as beta carotene, that help to reduce the damage caused by excess free radicals in the body. Yoghurt - water content, 85 percent, and water per 150ml pot, 127ml.   Yoghurts make for great snacks, breakfast options or can be added to savoury dishes in place of cream. Not only do they add fluid to the diet but are a rich source of calcium for healthy bones and vitamin B12 for healthy red blood cell production and the conversion of food into energy. White fish (steamed) - water content, 77 percent, and water per 140g serving, 108ml. People don’t often associate high-protein foods with water, but steamed fish provides a useful source. READ MORE: Covid: A very specific type of pain may be a 'key' symptom of the Omicron variant  White fish is also a good source of vitamin B6, which helps to convert food into energy and promotes a healthy nervous system and potassium, which is required for healthy blood pressure. Pasta (cooked) - water content, 72 per cent, and water per 180g serving, 130ml. Pasta is a rich source of carbohydrate in the diet but opting for wholemeal is a healthier option as it contains a greater source of fibre, which has less effect on blood sugar levels. A single serving is also a useful way to hydrate and more so when teamed with a tomato-based sauce.  Water makes up around 50 to 60 percent of our body weight and is a major component of our muscles and organs. It is also required for transporting nutrients around the body, helping us to digest food and moderate our body temperature. On a normal day the NHS recommends drinking between six and eight glasses of water a day. During hot weather this should be increased. 