Lisandro Martinez has a 'gentlemen's agreement' with Ajax that he can leave if a substantial offer is made for him, according to reports. Both Arsenal and Manchester United are keen on signing the Argentina international this summer. The two Premier League giants are going head to head for his signature. Both clubs are claimed to have made offers worth £38million for Martinez. The Mail claims Ajax value the player at £43m but Martinez wants one of the offers to be accepted. The report says the 24-year-old believes he had a gentlemen's agreement with Ajax when signing his contract extension last October. Martinez penned a new deal to keep him at the Eredivisie club until the summer of 2025. However, he believes the offers made by Arsenal and United are very good financially for Ajax. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'  He is determined to take the opportunity and move to the Premier League. Arsenal are set to increase their offer for the player but United are still very much in the hunt as well. United may feel they have the advantage over Arsenal in the pursuit. Martinez played under Erik ten Hag for three years after being signed by the Dutchman in 2019. The report says the duo had a good rapport during their time together at the Johan Cruyff Arena. Martinez made 120 appearances for Ajax before Ten Hag left at the end of last season. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan gave his view on Martinez's future last week. He claimed United is the preferred destination for the diminutive defender due to the presence of Ten Hag. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  Speaking to De Telegraaf, Van der Kraan said: “Martinez is very high on Erik ten Hag’s wishlist, so I expect big developments in the [next] 24 or 48 hours. Martinez will also have his hopes pinned on United, who are an absolute top club for him. "Ajax will really cash out for Martinez and go to £38.7m-£43m (€45m-€50m), but that is the advantage if two clubs bid, as we saw with Lyon and Manchester United, then it suddenly goes higher.” United are yet to make any signings so far this summer. However, that looks set to change with the arrival of Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. A £13m fee was agreed last week and the player has travelled to Manchester for his medical. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 