Alan Jones industrial correspondent discussed ways to solve the disruption caused by sectors of the transport industry in the UK with journalist Tom Swarbrick. Mr Jones discussed whether or not army servicemen in the UK could drive the trains on strike days, in order to lessen the disruption. The industrial correspondent also spoke about the army coming to Dubin airport to help smooth out the chaos. Rail unions and British Airways have been demanding increases in wages for their staff, and have imposed travel strikes on the country in order to get their demands met. Mr Swarbrick said: "Niche question now Alan, and forgive me I don't know if you would know the answer but in difficult times you go to some measures that might be outside the box. "Can members of the armed forces drive trains, do you know?" Mr Jones told LBC Radio: "I'm pretty sure they..." Mr Swarbirck added: "They can definitely drive oil tankers if need be." Mr Jones said: "Oh yeah, back in the day there was a firefighter's strike and they brought in these green goddess vehicles JUST IN: Ukraine fatalities in full: Russia war grips nation - 'Endless caravan of death'     "They were called, and drove them, they've been scrapped now and you know I don't think that won't happen. "Let's talk about bringing the army into some airports, in fact in Dublin airport to try and smooth what's happening there. "So... Well I haven't heard any suggestions that the army are going to be brought in to drive trains. "And I think that would be throwing an awful lot of petrol on what is a very difficult dispute already." READ MORE: Ukraine taunts Putin in NATO warning after US steps in – no-fly zone set to scupper Russia     Travel chaos has been caused in the UK by protesting rail workers, British Airways have also announced up-and-coming planned strikes which are already causing British holidaymakers to have their trips disrupted British Airways have cancelled hundreds of flights which were planned for the end of July. The recent rail strikes led by union boss Mick Lynch caused major travel chaos in Britain last month. And there are talks of more dates being announced for strikes around the Commonwealth games. Mr Lynch and other rail staff are calling for a 7% pay rise and are refusing to accept a 3% one. British Airways are also striking for similar reasons, due to receiving a 10% pay cut during the pandemic that has yet to be reinstated. DON’T MISS: Elon Musk 'SPAT ON' by Russian engineer after furious bust-up: 'Tired of listening to him'[INSIGHT]'Total mess' as BA cancels 105,000 passengers' flights as airport chaos continues [REVEAL]Farmers suffer labour shortages and food waste as workers struggle with new Brexit visas [SPOTLIGHT] Travel expert Simon Calder has been warning Britons of the travel disruptions to come.