Health Secretary Sajid Javid and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak have both resigned tonight, leaving Prime Minister Boris Johnson in very rocky territory. The two high-profile politicians touted "standards" and the "tone set as leader" as to why they quit. Mr Sunak wrote: "I recognise this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." While Mr Javid said: "The tone you set as leader, and the values you represent, reflect on your colleagues, your party and ultimately the country. "Conservatives at their best are seen as hard-headed decision makers, guided by strong values. We may not have always been popular, but we have been competent in acting in the national interest. "Sadly, in the current circumstances, the public are concluding that we are now neither." Who would you like to see as the next Prime Minister? Have your say in the comments below. The odds have changed drastically throughout the evening, with Mark Harper plummeting from favourite at 31/10 to now 49/1. Mr Harper, MP for the Forest of Dean tweeted in the wake of the resignations: "Tonight we have seen leadership from @RishiSunak and @sajidjavid. "Honourable decisions made by honourable men. "The Conservative Party still has so much to offer to our country. It’s time for a fresh start." The current favourite to take over as Tory leader is Rishi Sunak, with odds of 39/10 according to Betfair. Mr Sunak said today the public expected government to be conducted "properly, competently and seriously". Second most likely is Penny Mordant at 33/5. Ms Mourdant is currently Minister of State for Trade Policy. Rounding out the top three is Jeremy Hunt, Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee. Mr Hunt's odds stand at 43/5. Odds are subject to change, Express.co.uk will update this page. Next Prime Minister odds according to Betfair Rishi Sunak - 39/10 Penny Mordaunt - 33/5 Jeremy Hunt - 43/5 Liz Truss - 42/5 Tom Tugendhat - 19/2 Ben Wallace - 39/5