Game of Thrones writer George RR Martin dismissed fans' reaction to the finale episode as 'toxic'. With the upcoming release of the House of the Dragon, he reflected on the end of the iconic fantasy series. Possibly one of the most highly anticipated finales in TV history, Game of Thrones came to an end in 2019 but it wasn't the goodbye fans were hoping for. Closing the show, viewers were left reeling in the aftermath of the Iron Throne's destruction. They also saw Sansa Stark as ruler of the North while Arya Stark travelled West, Bran Stark became the new King of Westeros and Jon Snow was banished beyond the Wall. Not in the least bit satisfied, as the credits rolled a petition was already in the making to have the entire last season remade. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Receiving more than 1.8 million petition signatures, writer of the story George RR Martin has criticised the "toxic internet" for the immense backlash. Before fans get to see the prequel to the HBO series that had everyone talking, George has released some choice words of his own. He said: "The f*****g toxic internet and these podcasts out there saying that season eight left such a bad impression that people say, 'Oh, I’m never going to watch them again'." Further sharing his opinion with the Hollywood Reporter, George revealed: "I don’t trust them anymore." Acknowledging the obvious divisiveness of the series end, HBO Max content chief Casey Bloys also added their two cents on the matter. Casey expressed: "It was a social media backlash. "I think in multiple parts of our society, we are reminding ourselves that Twitter is not real life. "We knew it was going to be divisive and, of course, you want all fans to be happy, but that’s never going to happen." DON'T MISS...House of the Dragon star admits he was turned down for Game of Thrones [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones star Rose Leslie on being ‘wrenched’ away from son  [INSIGHT]Games of Thrones' Jon Snow star admits difficulties with prequel [INSIGHT] He continued: "There weren’t a lot of people walking around despondent or upset. It’s a take that reads well but probably doesn’t fully reflect viewer feelings." However, the news of the prequel got fans' hopes up again and George has reassured them they won't be left "disappointed" with what the show has to offer. Set 300 years before the Game of Thrones world, the sci-fi drama will focus on the trials and tribulations of one house. Following the storyline of the Targaryen family history, the episodes will take viewers all the way back to the beginning of Westeros. Adapted from George's book Fire and Blood, fans are in for a treat with plenty of battles and civil war action. Ending the book on an epic battle named The Dance of the Dragons, audiences will be waiting to see how the TV version will unfold. Writing on his website George spoke directly to fans of the show revealing: "I’ve seen a rough cut of the first episode. And loved it. It’s dark, it’s powerful, it’s visceral… just the way I like my epic fantasy." House of the Dragon will hit HBO screens on August 21 this year.