A gorse fire at Bolberry Down, South Devon, is spreading rapidly on the edge of a cliff. People are being urged to keep their windows and doors closed as smoke from the ongoing wildfire is blown towards homes. Firefighters issued the warning to residents in Bolberry and Hope Cove. The Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service said it was working to contain the "difficult" fire. The service said: "We are advising people in the Bolberry and Hope Cove areas to keep their windows and doors closed while smoke from the Bolberry Down fire is being blown in that direction. "We are working hard to prevent the difficult gorse fire on the cliff side spreading past the coastal path." The fire on inaccessible cliffs at Bolberry Down reignited last week, and is continuing to burn. Firefighters have even taken to dumping seawater on the fire from a helicopter. Landowners the National Trust said dry ground and the recent hot weather had probably caused the fire. The trust, which is paying for the helicopter, said the fire service had asked people to not report "smoke or flames within the existing burnt area or low down the cliff". It added "if there are flames up near the coastal footpath please call 999". The same area has seen multiple fires reported throughout the summer. Fire breaks are also being cut in vegetation to try and keep the blaze below the coastal footpath. The trust said: "Due to the inaccessible nature of the cliff face and the huge amount of heat built up in the ground the fire service advised us to pay for a helicopter to help tackle the fire." Gorse fires are said to be particularly dangerous during hot and sunny periods that leave the grass dry and vulnerable to flame. A fire service statement said: "The fire last night is a continuation of the fire that has been flaring up sporadically since May 28. "We have three fire appliances and three water bowsers at the scene today to help prevent the fire from spreading to the coastal path. "Due to the location being on the side of a steep cliff, we are unable to extinguish the fire using our usual methods. "We recently advised the National Trust to bring in a commercial helicopter to help dampen down the flames which helped the situation. "However, we are not able to send over firefighters to fully extinguish the hotspots, particularly as there is no risk to life or property from the fire."