In the video, the mum in question, Katie McDermott, 25, can be seen running neck-and-neck with another mum on the dash to the finish line. However, desperate to win, Katie is then spotted pushing her competitor, sending the other mum flying. Most people expect a certain level of competitiveness on sports day. However, most of us would think it would be the children who are most likely to get a little out of hand, rather than the parents. When asked about the video, Katie, from Coventry, said: "I told my daughter I would be number one, so I had to be! I could see she was winning - so I just gave her a quick nudge and she took off into the air. "I don't know what possessed me to do it, I was just thinking about how I wanted to win so badly! After seeing the video, Katie has since apologised, saying: "If you see this, sorry that I pushed you - I didn't mean to send you flying!" The competitive mum then joked: "I don't regret it though, because I won!"  A woman, who was filming, could be heard laughing throughout the video, especially after the unfortunate mum was launched across the track. The story comes after numerous schools across the country announced that they have cancelled their sports days this year, as temperatures are set to hit an all-time high. There are concerns that the welfare of the children, and parents, would be severely impacted in the extreme heat. This week, the Met Office declared a national emergency by issuing its first-ever red warning for extreme heat, and weather forecasters issued an unprecedented level 4 alert for both Monday, July 18, and Tuesday, July 19.   The Met Office warned that the heat would create a "potentially very serious situation" as temperatures continue to soar to record highs. In the alert, forecasters said the "exceptional hot spell" would trigger "widespread impacts on people and infrastructure" and warned the extreme heat could lead to "serious illness or danger to life". Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm for the UK, especially in urban areas. This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. "It is very likely that there will be a risk to life, with substantial disruption to travel, energy supplies and possibly widespread damage to property and infrastructure. You should avoid travelling, where possible, and follow the advice of the emergency services and local authorities." 