Ferrari man Charles Leclerc is facing a crisis at this week’s British Grand Prix, which could once again open the door for seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton secured only his second podium of the campaign in Canada last time out after he capitalised on a Leclerc engine penalty. Now, with the Formula 1 circuit at Silverstone the Mercedes man has the chance to do so once more, with Leclerc seemingly facing similar problems this week. The Ferrari driver struggled in wet conditions during Friday’s practice, describing his Silverstone outing as ‘tricky’. He said: “A tricky day. The first session, we didn't get much data from it just because of the weather and very few laps. In FP2, we had quite a few problems on my side, so hopefully tomorrow we can have a bit of a cleaner day and have things going our way." Further discussing exactly what the ‘problems’ were, the 24-year-old admitted he had endured ‘power-unit’ issues. Leclerc went on: “I don't know if there were the radio messages on the coverage but overall, just some power unit things that were making it very difficult to drive.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shows fears as Daniel Ricciardo prank on team-mate Lando Norris goes wrong After flying out of the blocks early on this season, the Ferrari star finds himself in second, 49 points behind defending world champion Max Verstappen. Despite the early issues at Silverstone Leclerc is still remaining positive. “It is fine, it is set ups more than problems so we will modify it for tomorrow,” he said. “With the softs, it was again very tricky. For some reason, it didn't feel as good as on the medium and again, we had those small issues that weren't easy to manage. But overall, I think the performance is in the car so this is positive." DON'T MISSSilverstone fire breaks out sparking evacuation minutes before practice sessionChristian Horner 'appalled' by Nelson Piquet remarks and is 'fully behind' Lewis HamiltonJenson Button and Martin Brundle clash on Lewis Hamilton, George Russell and Lando Norris Whilst Leclerc endured his problems, Hamilton meanwhile excelled back on his home track, finishing second fastest behind pacesetter Carlos Sainz on Friday. The Englishman himself has had a number of issues so far this season, and whilst he admitted his car is still ‘bouncing’ there were still improvements. He said: “It's bouncing still, quite a bit. Not necessarily on the straights but then through the corners it's pretty harsh - not physically harsh but in the car on the tyres and everything. So we still have work to do but it feels like a small step forwards."