Newcastle United have been offered a handful of high-profile names as Eddie Howe looks to bolster his attacking options this summer. However, the Magpies could be looking outside Europe's top flights for reinforcements in their second transfer window under Saudi-backed ownership. Newcastle have splashed £60million so far this summer, but all three of Howe's acquisitions have been in his defensive department. Nick Pope and Sven Botman's arrivals, with Matt Targett's loan move also made permanent, upgrade the defence. However, Howe also wants a winger and striker after failed pursuits earlier in the window. Newcastle failed to meet Bayer Leverkusen's asking price for Moussa Diaby, while Hugo Ekitike ended long-standing links with the club by opting to join Paris Saint-Germain from Reims. But the Tyneside outfit still have plenty of enticing options on the table, courtesy of approaches from agents and intermediaries. According to 90min, Newcastle are looking to add new faces in both positives but will cautiously adhere to Financial Fair Play regulations after their January survival splurge. And they've been offered the chance to sign Arsenal's Nicolas Pepe, Barcelona's Memphis Depay and Chelsea's Timo Werner this summer. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'demands Man Utd contract terminated'  All three stars are set to be on the fringes at their respective clubs this season and are looking for an escape route before the September 1 deadline. Meanwhile, Draxler has also cropped up as Paris Saint-Germain aim to relieve their mammoth wage bill. But despite the distinguished names potentially on the table, Newcastle could be eyeing shrewder captures. The report adds that they are interested in bringing Watford duo Ismaila Sarr and Emmanuel Dennis to St. James' Park. Both players are unlikely to stay at the Hornets following their Premier League relegation and could be available for cut-price fees. READ MORE: Liverpool have four Firmino replacement options with Juve move 'close'  Newcastle have also been strongly linked with Chelsea striker Armando Broja, who is still available after West Ham United abandoned their chase to sign Sassuolo's Gianluca Scamacca. Should Broja push to leave for regular minutes and the Blues decide to sell, St. James' could be a realistic destination. Howe's desire to add to his attacking arsenal comes as no surprise considering Newcastle's lack of firepower last season. Callum Wilson was the club's top scorer with eight goals, despite only playing 18 games in all competitions due to injury issues. The Magpies boss will hope fresh names, mixed with Wilson staying fit and Allan Saint-Maximin upping his contributions, will be central to vast improvements this term.