Little Jackson Curtis Howell, one, swallowed methadone - a heroin substitute - and was rushed to hospital in an unresponsive state. Despite medics' best efforts, the tot died there six hours after arrival. His inquest opened and concluded yesterday, and was told Jackson became "grey" and "not right" after watching a film with his father Andrew Jon Howell. He and his wife - Jackson's mum - Anne-Marie Howell, 45, were prosecuted over his alleged killing but cleared of all charges. Prosecutors dropped a manslaughter case against the pair after it was ruled his death could equally have been caused by naturally occurring bronchopneumonia as from potentially lethal quantities of methadone. But the inquest at Teesside Coroner's Court heard Jackson had 0.31mg per litre of methadone in his system, concentration levels described as "significant", in addition to smaller levels of cocaine, caffeine and nicotine. Clare Bailey, senior coroner for Teesside, heard the toddler fell asleep during the film on April 29, 2017, and when Anne-Marie returned home, she found him unresponsive, Teesside Live reports. Andrew was sat in front of him on the sofa eating cornflakes, the court heard. The inquest was due to open in October last year but was delayed as Andrew Howell requested for the hearing to be adjourned in order to obtain legal representation. However, Anne-Marie Howell was able to obtain representation. The couple, from Middlesbrough, Teesside, attended the hearing yesterday, which was told Jackson was repeatedly exposed to cocaine, methadone and heroin. Pathologists Dr Annavarapu and Dr Egan could also not determine if Jackson had built up a tolerance to methadone. The medical experts also found that Jackson had bronchopneumonia - although it could not be determined if the child had the chest infection before admission to hospital or whether he developed it while receiving treatment. It was determined that Jackson died as a result of bronchopneumonia and the effects of methadone. Forensic scientist Mark Tyler said Jackson's levels of heroin substitute "fell within the range of methadone toxicity". "Methadone is not prescribed in children because of the toxic effects," he said. The inquest heard how methadone can decrease levels of consciousness, slowing down brain function - "classic signs of methadone toxicity". Mr Tyler stated that Jackson had 12ml of methadone in his system which he described as a "small amount" equal to around "two teaspoons". However, he stated that it is "difficult to provide an accurate amount" of how much methadone was in Jackson's system as he couldn't determine how much have been absorbed into the bloodstream. In Mr Tyler's opinion, he believed that it is "most likely that methadone was ingested that day". Turning to the levels of cocaine, Mr Tyler gave possible explanations that Jackson's levels may have been due to "background ingestion of cocaine". He stated this may be due to the class A drug in the home, where people are using it, children can pick it up on their hands or be absorbed if cocaine is smoked. Mr Tyler also stated that morphine may be in Jackson's system due to contact with heroin powder or if it is smoked. He concluded that these may be "environmental factors" relating to the substances in the child's system.  Dr Arshad Murad was the consultant paediatric at James Cook University Hospital on April 29, 2017, when Jackson was brought into the accident and emergency department after being given a two-minute warning call. Dr Murad outlined how the boy was found unresponsive by his mother on the sofa in the living room. The child arrived at the Middlesbrough hospital shortly before 6.30pm and CPR was in progress by paramedics. The doctor described how there was "no signs of life and no pulse" and resuscitation was continued as per hospital procedures. Jackson received around one hour of CPR by the medical team at the hospital. Jackson was transferred to paediatric intensive care where a CT scan was arranged. However, resuscitation was commenced again at 11.15pm and despite the best efforts of medical professionals Jackson passed away shortly before 11.40pm.  The inquest heard how Jackson was an "active and playful child" who was his "usual self" on the day of his death. He lived at home with both parents and three older siblings who were all under the age of 16. He had a breakfast of toast and scrambled eggs, but did not have any lunch as he was asleep. He also added that Jackson had an "occasional nighttime cough".  Andrew and Anne-Marie were both on a methadone programme at the time and all children were on a child protection plan. Anne-Marie also had five other children who have either left home or been adopted'. A health visitor commented that Jackson was well loved and lived in a good home condition. Jackson was "well grown for his age". The inquest also heard how Jackson had dobutamine in his system - a medication used in the treatment of cardiogenic shock and severe heart failure - which was administered at James Cook University Hospital. Dr Murad confirmed that Jackson had higher than the recommended dose and a hospital investigation was carried out. It was confirmed that dobutamine did not contribute to Jackson's death. Dr Murad stated that the higher dose was administered "in error" however, it was quickly rectified as soon as doctors realised.  Coroner Bailey also referred to findings by a judge which revealed that a possible explanation of a "spillage" of methadone, as proposed by Andrew Howell, was rejected. It was also outlined that both parents failed to share with the court the truth about how Jackson came to ingest methadone and neither parent failed to disclose information. The findings stated that it was not possible to determine how much methadone Jackson consumed or the circumstances how it was ingested. Detective Sergeant Butcher at Cleveland Police, who led the investigation into Jackson's death, attended the inquest and gave evidence. He told how the parents were arrested following the toxicological results. The inquest heard how at the time, Andrew Howell stated: "This is because of the methadone it's come back in him hasn't it." He then said: "It's from the tissue isn't it." The pair were interviewed and bailed. The inquest also heard how the pair had used heroin and cocaine and were on a methadone programme. Anne-Marie had the methadone in a locked box in the bedroom. They also tried to wash out the empty bottles of methadone after use, he added. Anne-Marie confirmed that at the time of Jackson's death she was consuming methadone twice per day or "just when she needed it". She stated that she "couldn't remember" if she had consumed methadone on the day of Jackson's death or if methadone was consumed anywhere else in the house. Speaking about when she realised there was something wrong with Jackson, Anne-Marie stated: "I just panicked. "I just looked at him and knew he wasn't right. He was a funny colour. He was grey or blue. "I have tried to put it out of my head. I just thought I need to phone an ambulance. I went and got an ambulance. "It's not something you can forget but it's not something you want to remember either," she added. Andrew Howell was questioned about his police statement about the methadone "spillage". He stated: "I don't know how he got methadone". In response to the disclosure over the substance in the "tissue", Andrew Howell stated that the pair had been told that tissues from Jackson's stomach had been taken for examination. Coroner Bailey asked Mr Howell if he had put methadone in Jackson's bottle to "help him sleep". He replied: "No, not at all. Why would I do that. He didn't cry much, he was a pleasant baby." He added: "If he looked grey I would have done something. I remember giving him the kiss of life and CPR. I was blowing into him so he couldn't have been [breathing]." When asked if he accepted that Jackson access methadone in the house, Mr Howell responded: "It must have been mustn't it. Me or Anne-Marie didn't give him it so I don't know what went on." Andrew Bridgeman, representing Anne-Marie Howell, argued it was not possible to reach a conclusion of unlawful killing as there was insufficient evidence. Coroner Bailey agreed, stating that it was "not appropriate" to reach a verdict of unlawful killing. Before a conclusion was read aloud to the court, Andrew Howell stated: "Me and Anne-Marie loved Jackson to bits. We did our best to save him. If we could we'd swap places with him straight away." Coroner Bailey stated that neither parent "gave a clear picture of events" in the time leading up to Jackson's death. She recorded a narrative conclusion stating that Jackson was discovered unresponsive at home on the afternoon of April 29, 2017. He was transported via ambulance to James Cook University Hospital. Jackson died as a result of combination of bronchopneumonia and methadone. It is not known how, when or the quantity in which he ingested the methadone. 