Country Life magazine have released a special royal edition, guest edited by the Duchess of Cornwall. This marks Camilla's 75th birthday, which she will celebrate on July 17, as well as the magazine’s 125th anniversary. Like Camilla, Prince Charles guest edited the magazine in 2020. Speaking on Lorraine, Michael Waldman, who directed the special ITV documentary Camilla’s Country Life which airs tonight, discussed the couple's "competitive" nature. Carol Vorderman, who is currently standing in for Lorraine Kelly, said: "Within the documentary, we find out that when Prince Charles was guest editor, he broke records in terms of sales. "[and] I think Camilla would like to break his record, is that right." Mr Waldman claimed that the couple "are quite competitive". He added: "She's keen to see if she can beat his circulation figures." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Insulting!' Prince Harry sparks backlash with latest intervention Mr Waldman said: "She's very authentic, she comes across as someone who's real. "That doesn't mean to say [that] she doesn't love her husband. "But there's [a] competitive relationship between friends, and indeed, husband and wife". The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall announced Camilla's news on their official Instagram account earlier this month. The caption read: "In celebration of The Duchess of Cornwall’s upcoming 75th birthday and the magazine’s 125th anniversary, Her Royal Highness has guest edited a special commemorative edition of @CountryLifeMagazine, to be published on Wednesday 13th July" READ MORE: Kate and Prince William snub Meghan and Harry visit on US tour with 'regal' excuse In the post, the couple also confirmed that Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, a keen photographer, was "invited" by Camilla to "capture the cover image at her home in Wiltshire, Raymill".  In recent months, Camilla and Charles have taken on a more prominent role within the Royal Family. In May, Prince Charles and Camilla visited Canada as part of a three-day royal tour, in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Earlier this month, the royal couple visited Wales. READ NEXT: