Prime Minister Orban called for Russia and the United States to hold negotiations to bring about an end to the Ukraine war. Reelected for a fourth consecutive term in April, Mr Orban, a NATO member, would stay out of the war in neighbouring Ukraine, he has stated.  He said: “A new strategy is needed which should focus on peace talks and drafting a good peace proposal ... instead of winning the war.” Mr Orban has said before that Hungary is also unwilling to support EU embargoes or limitations on Russian gas imports as that would undermine its economy. He said in his speech that the Western strategy on Ukraine has been built on four pillars – that Ukraine can win a war against Russia with NATO weapons, that sanctions would weaken Russia and destabilise its leadership, that sanctions would hurt Russia more than Europe, and that the world would line up in support of Europe. Mr Orban said this strategy has failed, as governments in Europe are collapsing "like dominoes", energy prices have surged and a new strategy is needed now.   He said: “We are sitting in a car that has a puncture in all four tires: it is absolutely clear that the war cannot be won in this way.” He said Ukraine will never win the war this way “quite simply because the Russian army has asymmetrical dominance”. He said “only Russian-US talks can put an end to the conflict because Russia wants security guarantees” only Washington can give. He also criticised Western leaders for ignoring Russia’s security concerns before Moscow invaded. READ MORE: Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms  He said: “With US President [Donald] Trump and German chancellor [Angela] Merkel, this war would never have happened.” Meanwhile, on Saturday, he warned against mixing with “non-Europeans”. He said at the Baile Tusnad Summer University in Romania's Transylvania region, home to a large Hungarian community: “We move, we work elsewhere, we mix within Europe.” DON'T MISS:Queen invites Harry and Meghan to Balmoral for summerShock as China threatens ‘strong measures’ against Biden Brexit LIVE: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argument