In recent years, Camilla has taken on a more senior royal within the Royal Family. She has been on an "incredible journey" throughout her path in The Firm so far and, according to the Queen's "sincere wish", will be known as Queen Consort when her husband Prince Charles becomes King. Despite taking on a more prominent royal role, it has been noted that the Duchess has been spotted walking "slightly behind" Charles at various royal engagements. Royal expert and author Angela Levin discussed Camilla's role within the monarchy on the latest episode of Palace Confidential. Speaking to host Jo Elvin, Ms Levin said; "It is quite extraordinary how she has managed that and changed herself. "As we all know, changed her life when she was 57.". She added: "The more she does, the more she likes. "Although she's very careful that he [Charles] leads. "[and] she sometimes walks slightly behind him". READ MORE: Prince Harry 'incredibly homesick' after return to California 'It's not life he wanted' The royal author continued: "When she's on her own and she does visits, she's extraordinarily strong. "[and] knows exactly what she wants to do." Ms Levin also spoke about her upcoming book all about Camilla, which will be titled Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall: From Outcast to Future Queen and due for release in November. Speaking of her book, Ms Levin said: "It's been a fascinating journey for me to follow what's been going on." READ MORE: Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' Royal correspondent Camilla Tominey previously told NBC News that "Camilla was initially hated because Diana was so loved". She added: "The late Princess had described her as the 'third person' in her marriage to Prince Charles, and the general public interpreted that as Camilla being the ultimate home wrecker." Over the years, particularly since officially joining the Royal Family in April 2005, Camilla has worked steadily to win over the British public, despite their feelings for Diana. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] Camilla recently embarked on a brand new project, in honour of her 75th birthday. The Duchess guest-edited the 125th-anniversary edition of Country Life magazine, which was published on July 13. She is the third royal guest editor of the magazine. READ NEXT: