Kate Middleton shared a private chat with Novak Djokovic shortly after presenting the world No 3 with his seventh Wimbledon trophy. The Duchess of Cambridge revealed that "all" of her children played tennis after bringing Prince George to watch the final, which saw Djokovic beat Nick Kyrguos 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3). Kate Middleton congratulated Djokovic inside the All England Club after presenting him and runner-up Kyrgios with their trophies following the three-hour final on Centre Court. The men's final marked Prince George's first appearance at Wimbledon, and the Duchess of Cambridge was grateful that the top seed put on an impressive performance. "The level of tennis, the way you played was amazing and for George to see," she told him following his 21st Grand Slam victory. "It was his first time here. He's eight." And she revealed that all three of her children played tennis, including four-year-old Prince Louis. She continued: "They all play, even Louis. "Honestly, really well done." JUST IN: Kyrgios' umpire jibe after losing Wimbledon final to 'god' Djokovic  Prince George sat front and centre in between his parents in Wimbledon's famous Royal Box for the men's singles final. The Cambridges were treated to a four-set thriller as Djokovic rallied from a set down to win his seventh title at the All England Club, and 21st overall Grand Slam. While the young Prince was in attendance, Djokovic's own seven-year-old son was absent as the Serb revealed Stefan was busy playing a set of tennis with the Bryan Brothers' children - something he had done all week. DON'T MISSBBC apologise after Nick Kyrgios caught swearing in Wimbledon finalWimbledon protester had 'head smashed into wall' after being ejectedNick Kyrgios demands 'drunk' Wimbledon fan is kicked out  After his five-year-old daughter Tara made an appearance in his box once the final was over - being too young to watch the match as a spectator - Djokovic laughed: "My son is the only one missing because I think he's playing a set against Bob Bryan's son." And Prince George later got his hands on the Wimbledon trophy as Djokovic joined Kate, William and their son for a chat, with the Duke of Cambridge warning the eight-year-old not to drop it.