Big Tech firms like Twitter are lashing out at those who express opinions which are deemed “unacceptable” to faceless bureaucrats. The state regulator Ofcom is acting in a similarly oppressive way. So, too, is the government, with its authoritarian proposal to introduce the Online Safety Bill. Each of these entities, in their own way, serves as a potential threat to expression and thought. The effect of this onslaught is deeply corrosive. There is no question that state regulation of broadcasting muzzles independent voices and curtails public debate. Look no further than the treatment of Piers Morgan, who was effectively forced out of his presenting job on Good Morning Britain last year following remarks he made about Meghan Markle. Morgan, who knows Markle, had a right – some would say a duty - to speak his mind. And yes, he was critical of her. Yet his words were construed by a small number of people in a certain way. They complained to Ofcom and his career was effectively put on hold until he had been officially “cleared” by Ofcom months later. In a truly free country, none of this would have been necessary. Adults would simply have accepted that people have different views on a range of topics. Sadly, that is not the case. Regrettably, another Ofcom investigation is now underway. This time it’s the channel GB News which is in the dock after one of its presenters, Mark Steyn, spoke out against the side effects of Covid-19 booster vaccines. Whatever your views of these vaccines are, it is surely important for the members of any democratic society to be able to discuss and debate matters like this one without having to face accusations of "misinformation.” Or are we really saying that Steyn is not entitled to his own carefully researched outlook? These days, setting out an opinion that some people perceive as “alternative” can lead to all sorts of trouble. Twitter is a prime example of a private firm which has excluded professional users for saying things that don’t toe its official line. The respected physician Dr Robert Malone was banned from the site for “spreading misleading and potentially harmful information related to Covid-19.” It seems diversity in every sphere is encouraged nowadays – apart from diversity of thought, that is. The fact is, a tiny number of people at firms like Twitter are now in charge of filtering what material the public can be exposed to. These faceless, unelected and unaccountable executives and bureaucrats are the censors now.