Audible is packed with thousands of audiobooks, podcasts and exclusive audio shows. If you're preparing for an arduous drive, long-haul flight, or just don't fancy scrolling through your phone again or reading on the daily commute, Audible is a fantastic choice. And for a limited time, you can unlock three months of Audible at no cost. Audible has always offered a 30-day free trial for its service. But ahead of the blockbuster Prime Day sale, Amazon has trebled the length of that free trial to three months! Cancel at any point during the Audible free trial and you won't pay anything. Better yet, you'll still be able to continue streaming podcasts and downloading audiobooks until the end of the trial period. And any audiobooks that you've added to your library during the three-month free trial will still be available after your trial ends! Unfortunately, the blockbuster Prime Day offer is only available to Amazon Prime subscribers, although there is a Prime free trial available for those who want to test out that service (and unlock access to thousands of discounts and deals across the Prime Day bargain bonanza) too! Audible offers apps on a wide variety of platforms, including iPhone, iPad, Android, Amazon Echo, Sonos smart speakers, and desktop browsers like Google Chrome and Safari. Regardless of what devices you have at home, you'll be able to listen to the latest audiobooks, read by the author or professional actors, dramatisations, radio plays and podcasts, and Audible Original shows. Audible is a streaming service from Amazon. Unlike Netflix, Disney+ and Amazon's own Prime Video, Audible specialises in audiobooks. It's also a little different from most subscription services as you aren't able to access everything in the catalogue for a flat monthly fee. Depending on the subscription plan that you pick, you'll receive either one or two credits each month. You'll be able to redeem one of these credits for any audiobook in the store. You can also use the credit to purchase radio plays, including classic comedy series from BBC Radio 4, Ricky Gervais' paid-for podcast series, and much more. But that's not all. As a monthly subscriber, you'll get access to the Audible Plus catalogue. This portion of the library includes a number of Audible Originals – podcast-like series commissioned for the streaming service. The company has slowly been building a vast back catalogue of these shows, including Tan France's Queer Icons, Stephen Fry's Inside Your Mind, Derren Brown's Boot Camp For Life, The Graham Norton Book Club, French and Saunders Titting About, The Search For MH370: Deepest Dive, Finding Q: My Journey Into QAnon, and Alan Partridge: From The Oasthouse. Audible also hosts a number of dramatisations, like Little Women performed by Laura Dern and a full cast, The Jane Austen Collection with Billie Piper and Florence Pugh, and Around The World In 80 Days. There are also a number of shows centred around wellness and mental wellbeing, like How To Train Your Mind, Finding Your Purpose, and How Superfoods Work. All of these shows are available to stream and download for offline listening to all subscribers. Amazon Echo owners can ask voice assistant Alexa to resume playback from the exact spot they left off on another gadget, like an Android tablet or iPhone. Even if cancel your subscription, you'll be able to stream and download any audiobooks purchases with your credits within the apps or using an Amazon Echo. However, Audible Originals won't be available to stream after your subscription ends. Audible offers a number of different subscription offers. The most popular plan, dubbed Audible Premium Plus, costs £7.99 per month and includes one credit each month to spend on an audiobook from its catalogue. This plan also unlocks unlimited access to all Audible Originals and podcasts hosted within Audible. For those who read multiple books each month, Audible offers a monthly plan with two credits for £14.99 per month. This includes the same unlimited access to Audible Originals and podcasts as above. Annual plans – £69.99 per year for 12 credits, £109.99 per year for 24 credits – offer savings compared with the standard rolling monthly subscription. No. Amazon allows you to purchase a single audiobook – exactly as you would buy a single book from its online store – with most costing between £10 and £30 per book. These can be purchased directly from Audible or Amazon UK. If you're an avid Kindle reading, you'll almost always be offered the opportunity to buy the audiobook version of any digital book that you can to your basket. Using its WhisperSync technology, Amazon will synchronise your progress between the audiobook and eBook. So, you'll be able to put down your Kindle and ask an Amazon Echo to start playing the audiobook – and it will begin at the sentence where you left off. Likewise, your Kindle will have updated to reflect the progress made in the audiobook later on. Honestly, it depends on how much you read. With the latest Prime Day deal, new Audible subscribers will be able to unlock access to Audible Originals and podcasts for three months at no cost. During that period, you'll get three credits to spend on audiobooks for free. That's a lot of listening material. However, if you're a really voracious reader, you might be better off looking at the Prime Day deal on Kindle Unlimited at the moment. Yes, Amazon is also giving away three months of Kindle Unlimited for free to Prime subscribers worth £23.97. This subscription service offers access to more than a million ebooks as well as access to magazines. These can be read on a Kindle e-reader, Kindle Fire tablet, iPad, or Android tablet. iPhone and Android phone apps are also available to read on a smaller screen. MORE LIKE THIS