Alexander Zverev has admitted he was so frightened by his injury at the French Open that he thought his career may be over. During his intense semi-final battle with Rafael Nadal last month, the German attempted to chase down a bullet forehand down the line from the Spaniard during the second set tiebreak, but sadly rolled his ankle in the process. The 25-year-old screamed in agony and needed help to get back to his feet before receiving medical attention in the locker room. He re-emerged on court using crutches before officially retiring from the match, allowing Nadal to advance to the final. In the weeks following his nightmare end to Roland Garros, Zverev has reflected on what transpired and revealed exactly what was going through his mind in that horrific moment. “At first, of course, you think your career is over,” Zverev told Sky Deutschland. “You can no longer move your foot, you have heard the sound of breaking. A certain fear is already there at that moment. It was just a bitter moment for me. The match against Rafa, I still think it could go either way. Then a final against Caspar Ruud: I think I [could have done] it. A Grand Slam win, number one in the world and so on and so forth”. JUST IN: Tennis accused of being lenient on Russia as country's top boss claims 'big win'   The German provided an update on his progress and thankfully it was a positive one. However, an appearance at the US Open next month may come too soon. "The healing process is going very well,” he told Eurosport. “I'm making important progress every day and I'm looking forward to the next tasks that will bring me closer and closer to the tennis court. An exact date for a comeback hasn't been set yet, but I'm working every day to make sure it happens as soon as possible." Zverev went into more detail about the lengthy recovery process he is undergoing. "The days are very long,” the 25-year-old explained. “You start very early and finish in the evening. We do a lot of exercises, there are always new ones that are added permanently. “The foot is treated, mobility is worked out, strength and stability are rebuilt. In some cases, normal walking and running are re-learned. I do sprint exercises in the water, training sessions on the treadmill and bicycle." As eager as he is to step on the tennis court again, the world number two is aware that he cannot rush his recovery from a very srious injury. He added: “There are always dangers in professional sport, and even in everyday life you are exposed to dangers. My team and I work highly concentrated every day so that there are no problems. Of course, you want to train as much as possible, but you can't overdo it. “I have to listen very carefully to my body and know when I have reached my limits. I'm used to getting the maximum out of myself almost every day, whether in training or matches. Exceeding it now could be counterproductive." 