Rafael Nadal cracked a joke about his next match against Taylor Fritz as he reached the Wimbledon quarter-final with a 6-4 6-2 7-6(6) win over 21st seed Botic van de Zandschulp. The Spaniard famously lost to the 11th seed in the Indian Wells final earlier this year and will be hoping to get his revenge on the grass. Nadal advanced to the quarter-finals of Wimbledon with a straight-set victory over van de Zandschulp on Monday evening to set up a rematch of his Indian Wells final with Fritz. The world No 4 was upset by the American earlier this year and was then forced out of competition for six weeks after their match with a rib injury. The Spaniard will be hoping to get revenge over the 24-year-old in Wednesday's quarter-final and was quick to remind the Centre Court crowd of the result in their last match, leaving fans in stitches. Speaking about his next opponent, the second seed said: "He’s playing well, he’s having [an] amazing year winning first Masters 1000 - against me by the way in the final." Nadal earned a laugh from the crowd and was chuckling to himself before adding: "So will be tough match but we are in the quarter-finals of Wimbledon so what can I expect?" JUST IN: McEnroe compares Nadal to Ronaldo and explains Djokovic edge  The 22-time Major champion was also happy to be back in another Wimbledon quarter-final in what was his first grass tournament in three years. "After all the things that happened [in the] last couple of months to be able to be in a quarter-final of Wimbledon after not being here for three years is amazing so very, very happy." And Nadal piled the praise on his opponent after he was broken when serving for the match in the third set and dragged into a tiebreak. He said: "[It has] been a very positive match against a very tough opponent. Botic have been improving unbelievable over the last year so huge congrats to him." DON'T MISSKyrgios growing after being 'pulled from a pub at 4am' to play NadalFederer 'could have won 30 Grand Slams' but Nadal enjoyed facing starKyrgios leaned on Nadal experience to help him through injury for win  Fritz has also already been looking ahead to another clash with the Spaniard. Speaking after he beat Jason Kubler in straight sets, the American said: "I mean, it will be a really fun match. I want to play him. I think that he probably really wants to beat me after Indian Wells. I think it will be really exciting. "I think I'll probably get his best game. Like I said, he definitely, definitely wants to beat me, play me I guess 100% healthy this time. I'll just have to be very aggressive, play the big points well, serve well, do a lot of what I did in Indian Wells if I want to beat him." 