Gardens can be an attractive place for all types of wildlife, including cats and foxes, which can cause huge damage to the garden. While it may be good for them to explore different places, they can be a nuisance for gardeners who spend lots of time taking care of their lawns, plants and flowers. An expert has shared “useful” methods to help “deter” the animals without causing them any harm. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, has shared top tips on keeping cats and foxes out of the garden. He told Express.co.uk: “If foxes and cats are causing you trouble by sneaking into your garden and eating away at all your crops, then there are a few useful methods you can use to try and deter the animals without hurting them. “Building a fence is probably your best option. “Make sure that it is at least six feet tall and buried in the ground. READ MORE: Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences “For extra protection, you can also add some netting to prevent the animals crawling through from in-between the pickets.” Britons should also make sure they aren’t leaving food in the garden. This could be in the form of food in bin bags or left out food for animals. Chris said: “This includes bins or composters, ripe fruits fallen from trees or bird food scattered from the feeder. DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy shares glimpse into ‘stunning’ £8.6m mansion [PICTURES]Rod Stewart's private life with wife Penny in Essex countryside [INSIGHT]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [WARNING] “You should also avoid using animal-based fertilisers, such as bone meal.” Bone meal fertiliser contains elements that can improve the health of many plants including roses and tulips. Fertilisers containing blood or fish can also attract foxes. The expert continued: “If you’ve got pets like chickens or rabbits, ensure that they’re safely locked indoors overnight. READ MORE: Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle “There are also fox repellents that emit sound frequencies that drive away the unwanted visitors without causing them harm.” Another gardening expert also suggested using teabags to protect seedlings in the garden. QVC’s Gardening Expert Richard Jackson, said: “Spray old tea bags with deep heat type muscle treatment. “Then place it in problematic parts of the garden and, if needed, cover with a sprinkling of soil to disguise them.” Tea bags can also be dabbed in peppermint or eucalyptus oil. The strong oils should help protect the garden for up to two weeks. Richard said they will work even if it rains. Any toys and shoes should also be kept away from the garden as these can keep animals like foxes entertained for hours.