Jude Bellingham already looks set to be at the centre of the 2023 summer transfer window's biggest battle as a handful of Europe's biggest clubs take their positions on the starting grid. Liverpool are at the forefront of links as Jurgen Klopp continues to target the continent's most exciting young players, but the Reds could hold fears over rival Premier League interest. Klopp's recruitment strategy has shifted towards signing stars of tomorrow who can still make an impact today. In the last three years, the German manager has added Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate, Harvey Elliot, Luis Diaz, Fabio Carvalho, Calvin Ramsay and Darwin Nunez to his squad, among others. And he could already be eyeing his latest eye-catching recruit in 12 months' time. According to The Athletic, Liverpool are very interested in Bellingham after blossoming into one of Europe's top midfielders at Borussia Dortmund despite only just turning 19. However, the Bundesliga outfit aren't willing to offload him this summer after losing Jadon Sancho to Manchester United last year and Erling Haaland to Manchester City in recent weeks. So 'serious competition' for Bellingham's signature in 2023 is on the horizon, with Dortmund reportedly setting their asking price at £103million (€120m). JUST IN: Man Utd talked Ronaldo 'out of making a scene' after transfer request And while Liverpool are one of his leading suitors, the report claims Real Madrid, Chelsea and Manchester United are just a few others set to pursue his services. The high-profile competition could concern Klopp and Co., considering Chelsea and United are responsible for some of the Premier League's highest salaries, and Los Blancos' pull is unrivalled. Dortmund's asking price 'won't scare Liverpool off' due to Bellingham's current ability and atmospheric ceiling. But his salary demands could be a significant hurdle, and if they risk breaching the Anfield giants' structure, Chelsea and United could be confident of stifling their attempts to sign him. READ MORE: Man Utd hope to put more misery on Arsenal as Ten Hag eyes Gnabry race The England international's contract doesn't include a release clause like Haaland's, and he still has three years remaining. Therefore, Dortmund are under little pressure to let him leave and will likely orchestrate an almighty bidding war at the end of the 2022/23 season. Manchester City's imminent capture of Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips could ease their interest in entering the race, but Liverpool are by no means the frontrunners at this stage. By the 2023 summer transfer window, interest in the former Birmingham City star will be as rife as ever before.