Prince Charles has always been a vocal campaigner for environmental issues. Now, the heir to the throne's latest actions, amid a debate regarding the Royal Family's spending habits, have come under fire after he was previously spotted overusing helicopters, despite being consciously aware of the environmental risks it poses. Royal experts discussed Prince Charles and his "Green Prince " persona on the latest episode of Royal Beat. Host Kate Thornton said: "He [Charles] took more than 20 private flights, including several helicopter rides." Ms Thornton asked if Charles is considered a "hypocrite" because despite being "a man that campaigns" about environmental issues, he takes action to seemingly contradict those he speaks on. Speaking to Ms Thornton, The Sun's former royal editor Duncan Larcombe said: "Prince Charles was born with a silver spoon in his mouth", adding, "quite literally". Mr Larcombe added that Charles "has a weakness" for comfort. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Prince William make new hire to tackle the 'p***ed off prince' The former editor then described how the heir to the throne had previously stated his "disgrace" over MPs travelling first-class whilst he travelled business class during a "trip to see the handover of Hong Kong back to China". Mr Larcombe said: "Now, this is a guy who, in his mind, thinks he should be treated like a king". He then stated that it is "nonsense" how the Royal Family, in particular, referring to Charles, can "take 20 helicopter flights because there's no other option". He notes that the reason, previously stated, for the family taking private flights is because of the "schedules" of the royal tours and engagements. Mr Larcombe said: "They argue that the only way of making a journey is through private flights but then they book a schedule that no one in their right mind would actually book if they had to fly on commercial flights". READ MORE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit as Duke 'intends' swift action The Sovereign Grant recently sparked controversy due to concerns over the monarchy's spending, in particular during the ongoing current living crisis. Last month, thousands celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee over a four-day bank holiday weekend. It has been reported that former chancellor Rishi Sunak set aside £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” in the 2021 budget. This money helped fund the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday June 2, as well as the Saturday evening’s Platinum Party. DON'T MISS Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] It was earlier reported that the Queen had "curtailed" the Cambridge family's helicopter use, due to her feeling "uncomfortable" with the family's usage. Speaking to the most recent Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal commentator Richard Palmer said: "I mean, I think they've been curtailed with that a little bit". READ NEXT: