Chelsea can reportedly sign Inter Milan wing-back Denzel Dumfries for close to £33.6million (€40m). Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is claimed to have set his sights on signing the Holland international. Tuchel has made two major signings so far this summer, bringing in Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. He wanted to add Jules Kounde to his squad but the France star will instead move to Barcelona. Tuchel is in the market for defenders as well as players who can fit into his preferred three-at-the-back formation. Dumfries certainly fits the bill and he appears to be a top target. Italian outlet CalcioMercato claims Inter are willing to sell the 26-year-old at the right price this summer. The report claims an offer near to £33.6m will be enough to secure his signature. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  Dumfries only joined Inter from PSV Eindhoven last summer and made 45 appearances in all competitions last term. There are still three years remaining on his contract at the San Siro. But Inter do not consider him unsaleable and Chelsea could make their move. Dumfries could slot in at right wing-back under Tuchel, with Reece James moving into right of the back three. Having the ability to use James at the back will lessen the need for further centre-back signings for Tuchel. The German saw his side lose 4-0 to Arsenal in their most recent pre-season friendly at the weekend. And he admitted his team are not ready for the first game of the Premier League season against Everton on August 6, claiming he needs to make further quality additions. Tuchel said: “I am far from relaxed. We were simply not good enough. We were simply not competitive. DON'T MISSArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedDe Jong’s agent 'tells Barcelona two things' as Man Utd battle to close transferBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twist  "I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. "We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately you could see it today. "We got absolutely beaten by a team that does not play Champions League football next season and finished behind us. But at the moment, they seem far ahead of us.” 