The Prime Minister reluctantly accepted defeat today as he announced his plans to stand down. However, he vowed to remain in place for months, making appointments to an interim Cabinet that will see out the rest of his premiership until a new Conservative leader is chosen. A Cabinet source has told Express.co.uk that ministers openly wept as they gathered for their meeting in the wake of his departure announcement. The senior minister and Boris loyalist said: "Cabinet today was very emotional, lots of tears and lots of tributes to Boris. He said he wouldn't announce anything big." Another minister added: "We agreed that the [Conservative] MPs have committed collective suicide." Express.co.uk has been told that the starting gun on replacing Boris Johnson as leader will now be fired on Monday with the first vote among MPs to take place within 24 hours. A Conservative source said: “They are keen to get this done as quickly as possible because everybody just wants Boris out now.” The plan is to be left with a final two candidates for members to vote on within a fortnight. The leadership election is expected to be the most open in history with as many as a dozen candidates potentially coming forward. READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG Currently, the favourites are trade minister Penny Mordaunt, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Normally a leadership election would take two or three months. But MPs and grandees organising the contest want it done as soon as possible. The contest will be organised by the 1922 Committee of Tory backbench MPs chaired by Sir Graham Brady. When a new committee is elected on Monday, they will announce the contest and call for candidates to formally be nominated. Each candidate for leader is believed to need eight MPs to be allowed to run, however, the 1922 committee may significantly increase the number needed to limit the field to fewer candidates to speed up the process. Who do YOU want to see as the new PM? VOTE NOW The first vote to eliminate a candidate will take place on Tuesday within 24 hours and a second vote could take place on Wednesday. However, party bosses have admitted privately that the process will be “very slow” because two thirds of members do not have email addresses. One source said: “Because so many are old and do not use the internet we will have to have a postal ballot via snail mail.” There will need to be massive regional hustings as well so the candidates can make their cases. It means that at minimum it will take three weeks to elect a new leader over the summer. A source noted: “It’s like the Dark Ages with the party. “Everybody desperately wants BoJo out now and not to stay a moment longer than necessary but there is only so much we can do to hurry things along.” MPs and Tory grandees have demanded Mr Johnson quit immediately. DON'T MISS:'Things can only get better!' Smug EU chief Verhofstadt savages Boris [REACTION]Zahawi preparing leadership bid for over six months before Chancellor [INSIGHT]Favourite for next PM Penny Mordaunt's past as a magician's assistant [EXPLAINED] Former Prime Minister Sir John Major said it would be "unwise and may be unsustainable" for Mr Johnson to remain in office while a new Tory leader is elected. A number of backbenchers have also gone public in calling on the incumbent of No10 to go sooner. Jonathan Gullis, one of Mr Johnson's most avid supporters who quit as a junior Government member in great distress yesterday, said: "My personal preference would have been, because of especially the last 24 hours and the scenes we've seen since then, that Boris would have gone entirely and we would have installed Dominic Raab as an interim Prime Minister, then with the interim Cabinet, until we had a new leader." Announcing his resignation today, Mr Johnson said: "It is clearly now the will of the parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader of that party and therefore a new prime minister. "And I've agreed with Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of our backbench MPs, that the process of choosing that new leader should begin now and the timetable will be announced next week. He said had tried to persuade his Cabinet it would be "eccentric" to change Prime Minister now but "I regret not to have been successful in those arguments". "As we've seen, at Westminster the herd instinct is powerful, when the herd moves, it moves," he added. Staffers and a small number of loyal MPs lined Downing Street, cheering and clapping, to give their support to Mr Johnson as he announced his departure.  Mr Johnson had stubbornly refused to resign even when dozens of his ministers had quit in protest at his leadership. He finally relented when ministers in post for just 36 hours started to publicly demand he bow out. The last straw was when his newly-appointed Chancellor, Nahim Zahawi, told him to "do the right thing and go now". "This is not sustainable and it will only get worse, for you, for the Conservative Party and most importantly of all the country," he wrote. Speaking about the Prime Minister's stubborn refusal to quit, he added: "I am heartbroken that he hasn't listened and that he is now undermining the incredible achievements of this Government at this late hour." Addressing the millions of voters who voted Conservative in 2019, Mr Johnson said today that he had only sought to carry on out of "obligation" to those who had backed him at the last election. He said: "I want to say to the millions of people who voted for us in 2019, many of them voting Conservative for the first time, thank you for that incredible mandate, the biggest Conservative majority since 1987, the biggest share of the vote since 1979. "And the reason I have fought so hard in the last few days to continue to deliver that mandate in person was not just because I wanted to do so, but because I felt it was my job, my duty, my obligation to you to continue to do what we promised in 2019.  "And of course, I'm immensely proud of the achievements of this Government." Mr Johnson's decision to resign came as new YouGov polling showed six in ten Tory members wanted Mr Johnson to go. Only a third, 36 percent, want to see Boris Johnson continue as Prime Minister. Labour's Sir Keir Starmer has threatened to call a no confidence vote in the House of Commons if the Conservatives do not force out Mr Johnson in the coming days. He said: "He needs to go completely. None of this nonsense about clinging on for a few months. "He's inflicted lies, fraud and chaos in the country. "We're stuck with a Government which isn't functioning in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis. "And all of those that have been propping him up should be utterly ashamed of themselves."  Vowing action, the opposition leader added: "If they don't get rid of him then Labour will step up, in the national interest, and bring a vote of no confidence because we can't go on with this Prime Minister clinging on for months and months to come." Mr Johnson's anticipated departure from No10 less three years after first entering Downing Street in the top job. The Uxbridge MP entered Downing Street to replace Theresa May on July 24 2022. In his short time at the helm, he packed in a huge number of achievements. In December 2019 he saw off the threat of socialist threat posed by Corbynism to the UK when he won his historic 80-seat majority at the general election. Just one month later he delivered on honouring the result of the 2016 EU referendum as he "got Brexit done". He then nursed Britain through the Covid pandemic before helping the country get back on its feet with the UK's world-leading vaccination rollout. In recent months he played a central role in coordinating the West's united response to standing up to Vladimir Putin for his invasion of Ukraine.