Boxing fans have three options to choose from this weekend. At the Bournemouth International Centre Chris Billam-Smith defends his European and Commonwealth cruiserweight titles against Isaac Chamberlain in his hometown. The bill will also feature the much-anticipated debut of Olympic-silver medallist Ben Whittaker while fellow Olympic teammates Frazer Clarke and Caroline Dubois are also in action. Across the pond in Brooklyn, former two-weight world champion Danny Garcia returns to the ring after a long hiatus to face Jose Benavidez Jr. Garcia will be hoping to improve upon his last outing when he lost a wide points decision to current unified 147lb belt holder Errol Spence Jr in December. Finally, crossing over to Newcastle, Josh Kelly continues the rebuilding process after suffering the first defeat of his professional career against David Avanesyan. ‘Pretty Boy’ squares off with Argentina’s Lucas Bastida in his second bout since the stoppage loss. Barclays Centre, Brooklyn, United States Danny Garcia vs Jose Benavidez Jr (super-welterweight) Adam Kownacki vs Ali Eren Demirezen (heavyweight) Gary Antuanne Russell vs Rances Barthelemy (super-lightweight) Sergiy Derevyanchenko vs Joshua Conley (middleweight) Junior Younan vs Dauren Yeleussinov (super-middleweight) Vito Mielnicki Jr. vs Jimmy Williams (super-welterweight) Leshawn Rodriguez vs Ismael Villarreal (super-welterweight) Ricky Lopez vs Joe Perez (super-featherweight) Miguel Roman vs Marcus Redd (super-bantamweight) Dwyke Flemmings Jr vs Angelo Thompson (super-welterweight) Bournemouth International Centre, Bournemouth, United Kingdom Chris Billam-Smith (c) vs. Isaac Chamberlain (Commonwealth and EBU cruiserweight title fight) Joe Pigford vs Raphael King (super-welterweight) Ben Whittaker vs Greg O’Neil (light-heavyweight) Caroline Dubois vs Happy Daudi (lightweight) Frazer Clarke vs TBA (heavyweight) Hassan Azim vs Jacob Quinn (welterweight) Mikael Lawal vs Crispulo Javier Andino (cruiserweight) Lee Cutler vs TBA (super-welterweight) Vertu Motors Arena, Newcastle, United Kingdom Josh Kelly vs Lucas Bastida (super-welterweight) Harlem Eubank vs Eliot Chavez (super-lightweight) Pat McCormack vs Dimitri Trenel (super-welterweight) Hosea Stewart vs Franklin Ignatius (heavyweight) Steve Robinson vs TBA (heavyweight) Kai Richmond vs TBA (super-featherweight) Ben Marksby vs TBA (super-lightweight) Lisa Whiteside vs TBA (flyweight) Jordan Barker-Porter vs TBA (lightweight) Aaron Chalmers vs TBA (middleweight) MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury trainer provides clarity on Thor bout with cutting answer Paul sent fresh warning about ‘f*** boy staff’ ahead of Rahman Jr bout Joshua plans for next fight after Usyk in place but Fury bout unlikely Live streams and fight times Garcia vs Benavidez Jr will be broadcasted on Showtime in the U.S.; however, a UK broadcaster is yet to be announced. The main card is set to get underway at 2 am Sunday morning, UK time, with the main event ring walks scheduled for 4 am. Billam Smith vs Chamberlain will be shown live on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Action from 7 pm. The main event is expected to get underway by 10 pm. Kelly vs Bastida is a free event being aired on Channel 5. The main event is expected to commence at 10 pm.