Kate Fuller and her autistic, non-verbal son decided to visit the Rest Bite café in Melling, Merseyside, on July 25. After glancing at the menu, the 37-year-old noticed that the vegetarian breakfast option had been scribbled out. The mum said that when she questioned this, she was met with the response "it's not worth it" by the man behind the till. The vegetarian said she had already opted for a jacket potato, but continued to probe into why the option was not available to others. Kate claims the man proceeded to "bang the glass countertop three times" as he began to raise his voice and told her and her son, Conrad, 14, to leave, reports The Liverpool Echo. The local parish councillor promptly left and went to a café in nearby Maghull. The mum took to a local Facebook group to share her experience at the café, which she described as "vegetarianism discrimination". Rest Bite replied and said: "Hi Kate, sorry you feel this way, however, your attitude towards the staff was like nothing I’ve seen before you have caused alarm and distress to my staff as well as the minor you had with you. "I kindly explained to you we didn’t have vegetarian sausages but we could do you other meat free things, you simply went off it and started shouting to the point you was shaking, at this point we kindly asked you to leave but you escalated further. "After you left a shopkeeper who overheard your shouting even came in to ask if everyone was ok and assumed you were drunk! "We kindly ask you don’t come back as we are a community cafe and very welcoming and we will not tolerate being spoke to or treated the way you treated us. "Have a lovely day, Rest Bite." Kate said: "I'm not trying to call anyone out I'm just trying to raise awareness about different dietary requirements. "To be a community cafe and not serve every dietary need is odd. "My son is non-verbal and his behaviour changed but he can't speak to me to tell me if he's okay. "I didn't know if he was okay after we were shouted at." People flooded the Echo's comments section to share their views on the incident. One person wrote: "Another of the 'I'm entitled' brigade. If she wants vegetarian, go buy some vegetables and cook them yourself." Another person said: "Seriously?! Some people have too much time on their hands!! She wasn't even ordering it!" A third added: "The solution is simple. Eat elsewhere. When did people become so entitled?"