Genshin Impact 2.8 live stream is dropping soon, with the special programme for the next major update set to reveal a whole load of free Primogem codes and what to expect from the upcoming summer patch. The Genshin Impact 2.8 live stream is taking place this week on Saturday July 2 with a start time of 8am UTC-4. If you're wondering what UTC-4 is in BST, then people in the UK will be able to tune in to the Genshin Impact 2.8 live stream at 1pm UK time. Here's the list of start times for the Genshin Impact 2.8 live stream for different regions... Genshin Impact 2.8 live stream start times: 5am pacific time, 10am eastern, 1pm BST, 2pm CEST on Saturday July 2 If you want to tune in to the live stream then you'll have to head to the Genshin Impact Twitch channel. A replay of the event will be available on the Genshin Impact YouTube four hours after it first airs. Announcing the broadcast, the official Genshin Impact Twitter posted: "Version 2.8 Special Program Preview. "Dear Travelers, the special program will premiere on the official Twitch channel on 7/2, 08:00 AM (UTC-4)! >>>https://twitch.tv/genshinimpactofficial "It feature juicy details about V2.8. It will also "drop" some redemption codes and more! "The special program will also be broadcast on the official YouTube channel on 7/2/2022 at 12:00 PM (UTC-4) >>>https://youtube.com/c/GenshinImpact "Make sure to follow us, Travelers. We'll see you there!" The Genshin Impact 2.8 livestream is taking place ahead of the release date for 2.8 update, which is expected to launch on July 13. In terms of what could be coming with Genshin Impact 2.8, leaks appear to have revealed one of the banner characters heading to Genshin Impact. That character is Heizou, a four-star character from the Inazuma region. Elsewhere, it's believed the main event for Genshin Impact 2.8 will be a summer themed event called A Summer Sea Sojourn. One of the big draws of the event will be a free drop for Fischl, who can be obtained using the event's currency. It remains to be seen if Genshin 2.8 will also see the release of the long-awaited Switch version, or if that could launch further down the line.