Manchester United transfer target Lisandro Martinez reiterated his desire to leave Ajax in a meeting with the Dutch club on Monday, according to reports. The defender is a key target for Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag. United are desperate to complete a deal for Martinez and apparently want the 24-year-old signed prior to flying starting their pre-season tour in Thailand next week. Ten Hag is keen to reinvigorate a defence that became too leaky last season. Martinez enjoyed an excellent season at Ajax last term, playing 24 times as Ajax won the Eredivisie under Ten Hag. His form caught the attention of plenty of Europe’s top clubs. United appear to lead the race for the Argentine’s signature but are in competition with Premier League rivals Arsenal. The Gunners are widely reported to have already made a bid for the centre-back during this transfer window. JUST IN: Chelsea eye Ronaldo and Neymar as Boehly prepares for spending spree Martinez is understood to want a transfer and even reiterated his desire to leave in a meeting with key Ajax figures on Monday, The Athletic claim United want to complete a deal before they begin their pre-season tour in Thailand, where they face a crunch clash with Liverpool. The Old Trafford outfit finally announced their first deal of the summer on Tuesday, with the addition of left-back Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. United fought off competition from Lyon to win the race to sign the 22-year-old. Ten Hag’s transfer plans are now beginning to take shape after a difficult first few weeks in the job for the Dutchman. Talks over a blockbuster move for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong have been protracted and are yet to reach a conclusion. DON'T MISS...What Man Utd players are talking about instead of Cristiano RonaldoRonaldo 'questioned' Man Utd chiefs before transfer requestPaulo Dybala 'evaluating' Man Utd as Inter stance gives Ten Hag boost There also remains doubt over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, despite United insisting that their star forward is not for sale. Wide reports claim that the Portugal icon wants to leave Old Trafford if a suitable offer is made. Chelsea have been linked with a transfer but it is unclear whether the 37-year-old ace will fit into Thomas Tuchel’s structure in a similar predicament to the one that saw Romelu Lukaku flounder at Stamford Bridge. United could be forced to readjust their transfer plans if Ronaldo leaves given that a new forward would be required. Ten Hag appears keen to add strength to his defence and midfield, with Malacia already signed and Martinez targeted. The Mirror claim that Ajax value Martinez at around £43m. United are currently prepared to offer a structured deal worth around £39.6m. That would put pressure on Arsenal to increase their proposal, of which the last amounted to around £34m.