Holly Willoughby, 41, finished up on This Morning earlier this month for her prolonged summer break giving her plenty of time with her family. The ITV presenter sparked concern amongst her followers when she shared a rare family insight into her son's favorite food combination. Holly keeps her family life very private, with little known about her personal life. She married her partner Daniel Baldwin in 2007 and they share three children, Belle, Harry and Chester. The This Morning presenter took to Instagram to share a glimpse of her family antics with her eight million followers. Holly shared a picture of her son's hand holding a bowl filled with Oreos and pickles. READ MORE: Brendan Fraser unrecognisable as 600lb recluse in new film The Whale She captioned the post: "Is your kid as weird as mine??? #chester #pickles #oreo." Social media rushed to the comments to share their view on the "weird" food combination. Hollywilllsuk said: "Just looking at the pickles next to the oreos is making me gag." Mrsl2724 added: "I love pickles…..and Oreo’s…..but together….I’m not convinced." Nonetheless, others took to the comments to share their view on the "excellent" meal. Feasantunhinged said: "That is an excellent breakfast." Lucyjermany added: "That's a great combination. It's good to have pickles with sugary food too." Taylor1001_ commented: "This isn't weird... it's genius." This comes as Holly takes an extended break from This Morning for her summer break. DON'T MISS... 'Pathetic' Piers Morgan reignites trans row in England Lionesses tweet [OPINION] Cat Deeley, 45, stuns in tiny pink bikini for poolside LA snaps [INSTAGRAM] Liz Hurley, 57, turns heads in plunging floral dress at Goodwood [PICS] So far Josie Gibson, Craig Doyle, Alisson Hammond and Dermort O'Leary have stepped in. As Josie and Craig started on the show on Monday the pair were met with tons of praise. Josie joked at the beginning of the show: "We're normally in charge of giving the money away. "We've been given the driver's seat. We've just got to hope that we don't crash the car." Fans rushed to Twitter to share their love for the presenting duo, even asking to see them together on more of a permanent basis. MonicaStobbart1 said: "What a great pairing, josie and Craig on #ThisMorning. "It’s really enjoyable watching presenters with real chemistry and not talking over each other. Hope we see more of these two in future!" JayHBaker94 added: "It's so Lovely to see Josie Blossom from a former Big brother winner to a competition host this morning. (sic) "Now to a presenter. I doubt ITV bosses will be reading the twitter thread. "I really think we need a lot more Josie hosting this morning, She is a natural! #ThisMorning."