The bank is sounding the alarm that fraudsters are using online platforms to offer people fake bank card refunds. On social media, scammers are posting: “Whose got a Lloyds or Halifax bank account? Get your card transactions refunded the same day. Message me if you're 18+ to make money.” These messages are being posted on groups which are advertising cheap deals and services to entice those who are looking to make or save money quickly. This particular scam targets anyone who has a social media account who uses online banking. Those who are tricked into falling for this fraudulent act are told they can get money back through a refund on their bank card transactions. However, once they respond to the message, they will be asked to provide their online banking details. Once a victim’s private information has been divulged, the scammer will add a new mobile device attached to their account. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  This will allow them access to the victim’s online banking and give them power to steal potential refunds. On its website, Lloyds broke down how scammers are using social media to trick people into parting with their personal financial information. The bank stated: “Fraudsters post adverts on social media saying they can get you a refund for recent card transactions. This is a scam. “If you reply, the fraudster will ask for your internet banking details. They’ll use these details to set up a new mobile device on your account. “To get a refund, the fraudster uses the Mobile Banking app to dispute a genuine transaction. “If a refund is made, the fraudster will then try to steal it through the app or by asking you to make a new payment.” As part of its warning to customers, Lloyds is encouraging anyone who believes they have been targeted by this scam to report it as soon as possible. Customers of the financial institution can contact the bank directly to alert them to any new examples or variations of the social media refund scam. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Alternatively, those targeted by the scam can reach out to Action Fraud, the UK’s scam watchdog, to report their case. Superintendent Sanjay Andersen, the head of the City of London Police’s National Fraud Intelligence Bureau, warned that social media exposes people to the constant threat of fraudsters. The scam expert explained: “Criminals hack people’s email and social media accounts to access a wealth of valuable personal information about the individual, which they can use to commit fraud. “This includes passwords for other accounts like online banking. Criminals also use compromised accounts to imitate the victim online and trick their family and friends into sending money.” However, Superintendent Anderson shared how people can better protect themselves on social media platforms going forward. He added: “One of the most important things that you can do to improve the security of your online accounts is having two-factor authentication enabled. “Not only will it prevent hackers accessing your accounts even if they have your password, but it will also keep your valuable information out of the hands of criminals.” Anyone looking for support after being scammed can contact Action Fraud by visiting www.actionfraud.police.uk, or calling 0300 123 2040.