Many pensioners will be dealing with a health condition, but might not be aware they could receive assistance. One condition which could impact a person’s life on a day to day basis is asthma. The NHS describes asthma as a lung condition which can cause occasional breathing difficulties. It can affect people of all ages, although it may develop for the first time in adults. Asthma currently has no cure, although people can take simple treatments to help the symptoms stay under control. When people have asthma in old age, the symptoms may feel harder to control and it could take longer to recover from an asthma attack. READ MORE: WASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss It can still create challenges, especially for those who have a severe form of the condition. If asthma is severe enough for a person to need help being looked after, then they could be eligible for Attendance Allowance. It is for those over state pension age who have a condition severe enough that they need support. The benefit is paid at two different rates, and how much someone gets depends on the level of care they need because of their condition. DON'T MISSTV licence reforms mooted: Could the licence fee be axed? [ANALYSIS]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [EXCLUSIVE]Free prescriptions available to 15 different groups of Britons [INSIGHT] Individuals do not have to have someone caring for them to claim. The lower rate of Attendance Allowance is currently £61.85 per week, for those who need frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night. Those who need further help could get the higher rate of Attendance Allowance set at £92.40 per week. This is for those who need help or supervision throughout both day and night. READ MORE: Thousands of unpaid carers missing out on full state pension payments It means claimants could get up to £369 per month to help with their needs. Attendance Allowance is paid directly into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account. The benefit can also entitle people to further support outside of the benefit. This includes extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, individuals should check with the helpline or office dealing with their benefits to find out. To claim Attendance Allowance, people must fill in the relevant claim form and send it via post. The form comes with notes that direct a person on how it should be filled in. The completed form can be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance and a postcode or stamp is not required.