The Queen paved the way to Camilla becoming Queen Consort following Prince Charles's accession to the throne by issuing a statement on February 5, in which she clearly expressed her wish regarding the Duchess' future title. The only royal household to publicly react to the extraordinary news was Clarence House, with Prince Charles issuing a statement and Camilla speaking about the honour in an interview a few days later. On the other hand, Prince William and Prince Harry did not congratulate the Duchess with a public message. This was noticed by royal author Andrew Morton, who described the brothers' silence as "interesting". Focusing on Prince Harry's lack of public reaction, the author of the newly-released biography 'The Queen' told Express.co.uk: "It's noticeable that, I don't think, Harry sent her a message of congratulations." He continued: "There doesn't seem to be much warmth between Camilla and Prince Harry." Asked if he believes Harry's unwavering love for his late mother Princess Diana had some bearing in this, Mr Morton - who famously penned the Princess of Wales' biography in 1992 with her help - said: "Yes, of course. "As he said himself, every day he thinks about Diana, every decision he makes he is looking up to the sky and wondering what she would say." Mr Morton referred to the Duke's most recent televised interview, which took place in The Hague during the Invictus Games. Speaking to broadcaster Hoda Kotb, Harry said when asked whether he feels his mother's presence: "For me it is constant. READ MORE: Lilibet's first meeting with Charles was 'very emotional' "It has been over the last two years. More so than ever before." Mr Morton acknowledged the household of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, also did not issue a congratulatory statement to Camilla following the Queen Consort honour. He said: "It's interesting that neither of Diana's sons sent a statement of much warmth. "They kind of made it clear it was up to the older generations to decide what to do." The author believes the Duke of Cambridge has a closer relationship than Harry with Prince Charles's second wife due to their physical proximity and the role Camilla had in supporting Kate. He said: "William spends a lot more time with Camilla than Harry, as he is 6,000 miles away. "And Camilla did spend time bringing Catherine into the fold, so there is a sense of forgive and move on." While Prince Harry did not publicly voice his opinion and congratulations on Camilla becoming Queen Consort in the future, he did speak kindly about her on past occasions. In a conversation reported by Angela Levin in her book 'Harry: Conversations with the Prince' published in 2018, the Duke of Sussex said about Camilla: "To be honest, she’s always been very close to me and William. "She’s not a wicked stepmother. Look at the position she’s coming into. "Don’t feel sorry for me and William, feel sorry for her. "She’s a wonderful woman and she’s made our father very, very happy which is the most important thing. William and I love her to bits." The Queen's decision to publicly share her opinion about what title the Duchess of Cornwall should get when Charles becomes King helped give "considerable impetus" to the faction in favour of Camilla being known as Queen Consort in the future, Mr Morton said. The monarch made her statement on the eve of her historic 70th Accession Day anniversary. After speaking about the affection the public has always had for her and how important is the role of consort in supporting the sovereign, the Queen said: "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke of Sussex for comment.