Prince Harry has spoken openly about coming to terms with the death of his later mother Princess Diana and his marriage to Meghan Markle during a speech to the UN. Speaking at a gathering of world leaders to mark the legacy of the anti-apartheid leader, the Duke spoke moving about the important influence Africa has had during important moments in his life. Prince Harry told the United Nations: "We can do what Mandela did every single day inside that seven by nine-foot prison cell on Robben Island, and every day outside of it too. "We can find meaning and purpose in the struggle, we can wear our principles as armour and heed the advice Mandela once gave his Son to never give up the battle even in the darkest hour and find hope, where we have the courage to seek it. "Since I first visited Africa, at 13 years old, I've always found hope on the continent. "In fact, most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I've found peace and healing time and time again. It's where I felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died and where I knew I'd found a soulmate in my wife and it's why so much of my work is based there. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party with Meghan 'puzzled' friends /latest/migrant-crisis "Because despite continued hardship, there are people across Africa, who embody Mandela's spirit and ideas." Speaking the Princess Diana's relationship with the late South African Presidents, Harry revealed he keeps a picture of the couple "on my wall and in my heart." The Duke told the assembly: "For me, there's one photo in particular that stands out on my wall and in my heart, every day is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift."  He continued: "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. "When I first looked at the photo, straightaway, what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. "The playfulness, cheekiness even, the pure delight to be in communion with another soul. "So committed to serving humanity and then I looked at Mandela." "He was a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders," added the Prince. "Asked to heal his country from the wreckage of its past and transform it for the future. "A man who had injured the very worst of humanity, vicious racism, and state-sponsored brutality. "A man who had last 27 years with his children and family that he would never get back 27 years yet in that photo, and so many others, he's still beaming."