The Communication Workers Union (CWU) states there are 260 picket lines expected across the UK in the first telecoms strike since 1987. Union boss Dave Ward said BT workers “kept the country connected during the pandemic” and “deserve a proper pay rise”. Today’s strikes are the first of two, with another being held on Monday, August 1. They come after members of the union turned down the offer of a £1,500 pay rise – equal to five percent. The CWU has repeatedly said the pay award was an effective pay cut, given that UK inflation is already at 9.4 percent and is expected to rise to more than 11 percent this year. The union highlighted that BT made £1.3 billion net profit in the year ended March 31 2022, and that BT CEO Philip Jansen got a 32 percent pay rise to £3.2 million, while BT CFO Simon Loweth received a 25 percent rise to £2.2 million. The strikes hit the day after BT revealed it had achieved sales growth for the first time in five years, boosted by price increases handed down to customers earlier this year. CWU General Secretary Dave Ward branded the move as “arrogance”. BT reported that its revenues increased by one percent to £5.1bn for the three months to the end of June. According to the CWU, the striking workers are from various divisions of the company. READ MORE: Product shortage fears as UK's largest container port [REVEAL] Mr Ward clarified: "They do run all of the maintenance on Britain's broadband services, but they also work keeping up national infrastructure from the NHS to the Ministry of Defence to mobile phone masts." Mr Ward added: "BT Group are now gaslighting our members. "Announcing hundreds of millions of pounds in profit on the eve of the first national strike since 1987 smacks of arrogance and complete contempt for frontline workers. "BT workers have hundreds of picket lines arranged across the UK tomorrow, and will support the CWU in delivering mass strike action. "This dispute sits squarely at the feet of Philip Jansen [BT's chief executive]. He represents everything that needs to change about big business in Britain. "Our members kept the country connected during the pandemic. They deserve a proper pay rise, and that's what they're going to get."