Lorraine Kelly revealed she had "finally" been struck down by Covid-19 as she took to her Twitter account to reveal who would be replacing her on her ITV show. In past occasions, Good Morning Britain presenter Ranvir Singh and Loose Women presenter Christine Lampard have taken her seat, but Carol Vorderman will be stepping in to host the show. Lorraine tweeted: "Well, the Covid has finally got me, and I tested positive at the weekend. Thanks to the vaccine, it’s not too bad, and I hope to be back at work very soon. "Huge thanks to @carolvorders, who will be hosting @lorraine until I’m back." Fans of the show flooded in with support, with @hbg1966 commenting: "Get well soon, Lorraine xx." @ThisIsMax added: "Wishing you better hugs." READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Anna Christies praised: "Get well soon, Lorraine. Looking forward to Carol Vorderman hosting for the week! I love a shake-up." Joe Whitehead exclaimed: "@carolvorders Morning Lovely, looking forward to my mornings with you this week." Whilst Joey Knock said: "Carol Vorderman is presenting Lorraine for a few days while our queen is self-isolating with covid." (sic). During the link with Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Ed Balls, the pair were surprised to see Carol sitting in Lorraine's seat. Susanna began: "This morning, I thought I saw Carol Vorderman in the corridor at 5am and now I know the reason why, morning! You were a vision!" Carol exclaimed: "Good morning! Sadly Lorraine has caught the dreaded... you know what and I am sitting in for a few days here which I am delighted to do. "We are wishing her a speedy recovery!" to which Susanna agreed: "Yes get well soon Lorraine! "But in the meantime, you are doing a fabulous job and looking fabulous too." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly, 62, forced to miss ITV show as she shares health woes [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman's brutal jibe at Gyles Brandreth 'Putting me off sex' [LATEST]Carol Vorderman blasts ‘misogynistic snob’ Dominic Raab [WATCH] Last week, Lorraine's show was pulled off air after just 30 minutes. During an interview with JLS band member Aston Merrygold, Lorraine handed over to ITV News, who then took the reigns for 30 minutes to report on Boris Johnson's resignation. A furious viewer, Amy Hard, commented: "Shocking that half your show was cancelled, Lorraine." The ITV presenter replied to the tweet and explained: "Not my decision Amy. Back tomorrow as usual at 9 am - hope to see you then." Despite Lorraine being pulled off air, This Morning with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby continued as normal. During the show, Lorraine had a back and forth "conversation" with a "psychic pig" who was expected to relay information on when Boris Johnson was going to resign. Laughing at what was happening in the studio, the pig was ironically correct and "revealed" the correct day of resignation, with Lorraine praising him for his abilities. She exclaimed: "You may scoff, but I just want to point out that right after psychic pig appeared on my show, Boris finally resigned. Pigs are extremely canny and intelligent, No one can overcome the power of a psychic pig." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.