Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt and Liz Truss remain in the contest after Kemi Badenoch was eliminated following the fourth ballot on Tuesday, July 19. Ms Badenoch secured just 59 votes, leaving her in last position despite gaining one vote from the previous round. Former Chancellor Mr Sunak finished on top again with 118 votes, gaining three votes in today’s ballot. READ MORE: Badenoch OUT! Kemi axed from Tory race as brutal Truss v Rishi showdown now looms Yet he failed to reach the 120 vote threshold required to put him straight through to the final run-off. Trade Minister Ms Mordaunt gained 10 new supporters since the last ballot, giving her a total of 92 votes. Foreign Secretary Ms Truss came in third with 86 votes, and saw the most increase, gaining 15 votes this time around. Ms Truss is now just six votes behind Ms Mordaunt and all eyes will be on when Ms Bandeoch’s votes go. Tory MPs will vote again on Wednesday, July 20, with the final two candidates announced by the end of the day. Ms Mordaunt said: “This afternoon colleagues once again put their trust in me and I cannot thank them enough. “We are so nearly across the finish line. I am raring to go and excited to put my case to members across the country and win.” DON'T MISS:Penny Mordaunt bid to re-energise polls in poignant video [VIDEO]‘I’ll serve under any leader’ Gove outlines hopes of Cabinet return [UPDATE]Ex-Tory MP warns against 'underestimating' Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt [INSIGHT] Chris Skidmore, who is backing Mr Sunak, told Sky News he is not disappointed that the Chancellor did not pass the 120 threshold. He said: “Once he's through to the final, I think he'll impress with the members, being able to demonstrate we don't need to go down this route of tax cuts, we need stability.” Ms Truss’s team will now argue that she is the tax-cutting candidate left in the contest. Parliament goes on summer recess from Thursday, July 21 and the finalists will face a summer of hustings. So what do YOU think? Who should win leadership race? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.