Gary Neville has reacted to criticism he has received on social media regarding comments he made on Arsenal almost 12 months ago. Neville has been called out by some Gunners supporters for what he said after the club's opening day loss to Brentford last season. Arsenal lost 2-0 to the newly-promoted Bees on a historic night in west London. Mikel Arteta's side were without key players due to injury and Covid. After the match, Neville took aim at Arsenal's recruitment policy for the last few seasons. However, fans have unearthed that video ahead of the new campaign. Arsenal have spent near £120million on new signings this summer and fans are optimistic over their team's chances. Neville was tagged in the video from August by multiple people on Twitter. But the Manchester United legend gave a savage response to one Arsenal fan. He replied: "You blew up with the best chance you’ll have of finishing 4th! Is that the strategy?" Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offered Chelsea target, De Jong latest, Newcastle negotiations  Neville was referring to how Arsenal slipped up in their quest to qualify for the Champions League last season. They needed four points from their final three matches to confirm a top four spot. However, defeats to Tottenham and Newcastle saw them ultimately miss out on the prize. Arsenal have signed Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City in this window, as well as bringing in exciting prospects Marquinhos and Fabio Vieira. Neville is yet to give his view on Arsenal's business this summer. But last August he gave a scathing verdict. He said: "I don't know the plan at Arsenal. The recruitment to me has been really poor. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'open' to another new signing as well as De Jong and a strikerChelsea have new 'top target' after Leipzig reject swap deal bid for GvardiolConte singles out three Tottenham stars who 'need to work a lot' after Roma loss  "They're poor at it compared to other clubs, they just are. They've been poor in the last few years. I don't get the strategy, I don't get the direction of how they're taking the team." Arsenal beat Spanish side Sevilla 6-0 in their final match of pre-season on Saturday. Jesus scored a hat-trick, while Bukayo Saka netted a brace and Eddie Nketiah rounded off the win. But despite the positive results in pre-season, Arteta is still hopeful of making more signings before the window shuts. He said: "We are still hoping to do something else if the market allows. "You have seen some movement in the last few days as well. We want to get the perfect balance and the plan we wanted from the beginning”. 