Speaking on his GB News show following the resignation of Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak and health secretary Sajid Javid, Mr Farage accused Mr Johnson and his cabinet ministers of “outright lies''. He said the Government had orchestrated “one drip too many on the stone”, adding that he had “never been angrier” at the dishonesty of the Government.    “I have never been angrier than I was this morning, watching the TV, listening to the radio, reading the papers, and seeing yet again a succession of cabinet ministers being sent out with No 10 briefings on I guess what we are going to call “Pinchergate” saying things to the media, and doing it now for four days, that are, at best, misleading, but at worst are just outright lies. “And this morning we learnt that actually the Prime Minister had been briefed on specific allegations on Chris Pincher but he had forgotten. “It’s the same with every major crisis: it is the cover up that is almost worse than the story itself. “And I think what has happened here is there has been one drip too many on the stone. Too many lies from this Government.”     Mr Farage added: “And I asked myself this morning: Will anybody, anybody, make some sort of stand for decency? “And I had planned this programme tonight and the debate we were going to have was ‘Will the cabinet revolt?’ “Will somebody in the cabinet stand up or are they all going to go down with the ship? Because what is clear to me is that up to a third of people who voted Conservative in 2019 now think the Prime Minister is an outright liar. “And when you have lost that level of trust, you are simply not going to regain it.” READ MORE: The partygate enquiry is becoming an absolute farce - ANN WIDDECOMBE [OPINION]    The Prime Minister returned to Downing Street just before 7pm today following the resignation of two of his cabinet ministers. He was joined in No 10 by the ultra-loyal culture secretary Nadine Dorries and chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris as he assessed the significance of the Cabinet revolt against his leadership. Earlier today, he was forced into a humiliating apology over his handling of the Chris Pincher row after it emerged he had forgotten about being told of previous allegations of "inappropriate" conduct. Mr Pincher quit as deputy chief whip last week following claims that he groped two men at a private members' club, but Mr Johnson was told about allegations against him as far back as 2019. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson LIVE: Tory civil war erupts leaving PM on brink [LIVE] Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid QUIT - statements in full  [INSIGHT] Sajid Javid resigns as Health Secretary in attack on Boris Johnson [REVEAL]     The Prime Minister acknowledged he should have sacked Mr Pincher when he was told about the claims against him when he was a Foreign Office minister in 2019, but instead Mr Johnson went on to appoint him to other government roles. Asked if that was an error, Mr Johnson said: "I think it was a mistake and I apologise for it. In hindsight it was the wrong thing to do. "I apologise to everybody who has been badly affected by it. I want to make absolutely clear that there's no place in this Government for anybody who is predatory or who abuses their position of power." But in his resignation letter today, Mr Javid suggested the current Government lacked “integrity” under Mr Johnson, before saying the  “situation will not change” so long as the Prime Minister was in charge. READ NEXT: Chris Pincher POLL: Do you care about the newest Tory sleaze saga? Bone slams Boris attack as he warns voters not focused on PincherPutin channelling Stalin with terrifying starvation plan Oh for God’s sake not everything is Boris Johnson’s fault Farage savages Johnson for derailing UK's Brexit dream  