In the 1980s, Diana, the Princess of Wales had her hands full, what with balancing being a full-time royal, as well as raising her two sons. Fast forward to the present day, Kate Middleton is in the same boat with raising her three children, as well as being a full-time member of the Royal Family. It has been now been reported that the mother-of-three has taken influence from her late mother-in-law with how she is raising Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, etiquette expert Myka Meier discussed the similarities between the two royal mothers. Speaking to Ms Meier, host Christina Garibaldi said: "Do you see some similarities between Duchess Kate and Princess Diana." Ms Meier replied: "I really do. "I think she, you know what she probably has learned, in a sense, is how to keep her calm. "Princess Diana was under so much stress and so much pressure all the time. READ MORE: Kate and Princess Charlotte 'rocking out' together sparks fan frenzy over adorable moment "I think we're seeing the Duchess of Cambridge follow that same path of keeping her calm, even in, maybe in the background, who knows. Ms Meier added: "Maybe behind closed doors, she doesn't feel like that but she does an excellent job of not ever letting on to anything but graciousness." "Even when you hear paparazzi yelling things at her, or questioning her awkward things, she really keeps her cool. "I think that's something she took from Princess Diana's book, for sure". READ MORE: Prince Charles LASHES out at former butler Paul Burrell in newly revealed letter Princess Diana was renowned for attempting to ensure her two boys had as normal a childhood as possible. In the documentary called Diana, Our Mother Her Life and Legacy, Prince William and Prince Harry shared some of the moments their mother tried to ensure they experienced as children. Prince Harry said: “My mother cherished those moments of privacy and being able to be a mother, rather than the Princess of Wales. “She made the decision that no matter what, despite all of the difficulties of growing up in that limelight and on that stage, she was going to ensure that both of us had as normal childhoods as was possible.” DON'T MISS Like Diana, Kate is protective over her three children. She has limited most publicly available pictures of her children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis to shots she has taken. Keen-photographer Kate takes the snaps that are presented to the world on all the children's birthdays. READ NEXT: