Gardening expert and TV presenter Alan Titchmarsh “stunned” fans with a look at his garden this week. The Love Your Garden presenter, who lives in a Grade-II listed Georgian farmhouse in Hampshire, showed fans exactly what can be achieved using a cheap packet of seeds. Alan, who’s @alantitchmarshmbe on Instagram, revealed that the plants “cheer him up”. He said: “Amazing what you can get from half a dozen packets of seeds. “Cosmos, lavatera and pelargoniums in the cottage garden borders leading up to my greenhouse. “They cheer me up no end.” Packets of seeds cost much less than buying young plants. READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' Seeds can also be free if you save them up from one year to the next or exchange them with fellow gardeners. Seed germination can be slow, but it can yield great results. The post received more than 6,300 likes from his fans. His post was also liked by his co-star on Love Your Garden and fellow gardening expert, David Domoney. The post also received a plethora of positive comments from fans. Instagram user Anna replied: “How beautiful! I love cosmos.  DON'T MISSHow to ‘effectively’ keep towels soft - avoids ‘scratchy stiff towels’ [INSIGHT]Where does Liz Truss live now? What we know about PM hopeful’s home [UPDATE]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [ANALYSIS] “Such a cheerful abundance of colour. These flowers always make me happy.” Jeanette Forster responded: “Beautiful, love the water feature too.” Jo Thomson commented on the post: “Absolutely stunning.” Instagram user Pierre Paradis said: “Wow! Very beautiful garden.” Jan Langton said: “Ooh I love cosmos but have only ever put it in pots and planters, they look beautiful in your beds. And don't they grow tall.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those looking to create a similar look in their own gardens, here’s some tips for growing cosmos, lavatera and pelargoniums. Cosmos can be annual or perennial, but both are upright plants that can look great in a summer border. The annuals have feathery leaves that come in white, pink, red, orange and yellow. They will grow in most soils but don’t like wet soils and will not flower in shade. Hardy annuals can be sown or planted outside in spring or autumn. Half-hardy or tender annuals which don’t like cold weather are sown indoors in spring and can be planted out after the last frost.  Seeds can be sown outdoors in early summer depending on the variety. Lavatera can be sown from March to May, planted from May to June and flowers from June to September. Cuttings can then be taken from May to July. Lavatera, are known as mallows and can be annual, biennial, perennial or shrubs. They have large open blooms that can be white or pink. They are also very attractive to pollinators. These bright and vibrant flowers are British favourites that like lots of sun and free-draining soil. They make a great addition to a container or border and can survive droughts. However, they don’t like frost so will need to be kept indoors when temperatures drop. These are half-hardy perennials or shrubs that have rose or lemon-scented foliage. Pelargoniums can be planted from the end of may.