And let's be honest the number of "dropped my bacon sarnie" moments she's given us over the years is worthy of a damehood in anyone's book. Without people like Diane politics would be a dull old characterless civil servant affair. But her latest outburst, I'm afraid, suggests she may finally have eaten one Fruit Loop too many.Diane told made the completely unfounded claim on Radio 4's topical chit-chat show Broadcasting House Boris that Johnson is “rumoured to be one who likes assaulting women”.Not a shred of evidence, not a speck of proof, just a plain old prima facie libel of the serving Prime Minister right there on cuddly old Broadcasting House.You could practically hear Paddy O'Connell mess himself as the words came tumbling out.Poor Paddy attempted immediate damage limitation on behalf of the Corporation and said: “That's not been printed this morning, it's not being said by the BBC. Diane, you've got to answer my questions rather than raising new claims."But he knew, and we knew, a legal and political clanger of immense proportions had just been dropped. The BBC subsequently removed the programme from its BBC Sounds catch-up service stating: “For editorial reasons, we are editing today’s episode of Broadcasting House. We are working to make it available to listeners as soon as possible.” And indeed a cleaned-up version re-appeared late last night - but the damage has been done.Diane, who might be seen as a rather loose political cannon at the best of times, had been bravely commissioned by the Beeb to talk about the "sex pest" allegations currently surrounding Tory MP Chris Pincher.But she proceeded to make claims about Mr Johnson and, when asked if a man sexually assaulting a woman would have been treated differently from Mr Pincher allegedly groping two men, she said: “It might be treated differently, but that’s because Boris Johnson has been rumoured to be the one who likes assaulting women. So it's sheer hypocrisy from him.”And, yes, if you listened very carefully you could hear the sound of bacon sarnies being dropped across the land.And if you listened even more carefully you could hear the sound of a thousand lawyers penning letters offering their services to No10.Will Boris act? Probably not. He seems like a man who recognises, and even enjoys, the pugilistic nature of British party politics. And just maybe he has bigger things to worry about.But this allegation went way beyond the scope of parliamentary rough and tumble. The decent thing would be for Ms Abbot to offer a fulsome apology.If she wants to get in touch I'd be happy to run her mea culpa.