 Drivers risk facing a hefty £1,000 charge for failing to have proper control of a vehicle due to dehydration symptoms including dizziness and a loss of focus. As a result, motorists have been urged to ensure they are well hydrated before setting off to avoid fines and lessen the risk of an accident.  Everyone should drink six or eight cups or glasses of fluid a day or between 1.2 and 1.5 litres, according to the NHS. This includes water, lower-fat milk and sugar-free drinks, including tea and coffee. The Met Office has issued a Level Three Heat Health Alert between Monday and Friday, with much of the UK expecting to see temperatures soar past 30 degrees. It has described the weather as being “fine, dry and oppressive” across much of England and Wales. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows  The amber heatwave action urges Britons to look out for others, especially older people, young children and babies and those with underlying health conditions. Parts of the UK are set to be hotter than Athens, Ibiza and even Honolulu. The hottest day of the year was recorded in June, but many forecasters have predicted this week could be even warmer. If a road user is going to spend a lot of time driving, it is unlikely that they will have a chance to do this. DON'T MISSDriver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years [SHOCKING]'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate [INSIGHT]'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [WARNING]  It is recommended for drivers to have a glass of water before setting off on their journey to ensure they are hydrated before the trip. Once they have already set off on their journey, it can be more difficult to keep the water intake topped up as they drive. Drivers should keep a water bottle handy so they can drink when they want to. They should also take regular breaks to ensure they remain hydrated and focused on the road.  Mike Thompson, Chief Operating Officer at Leasing Options, said: “We’re used to checking the water and oil levels of our car before we set off but how many people check their own water levels? "When starting your car before a long-distance journey, you may not think drinking an extra glass of water before leaving the house would affect your driving abilities, but you would be wrong. “Drinking more water will not only have a positive effect on the body but will also prevent the chance of dizziness or loss of focus because of it.” People should also be careful of ailments which may make them more susceptible to becoming dehydrated.  Those who are suffering from diabetes, have too much exposure to the sun or those who have had a recent bout of vomiting could be more likely to become dehydrated. Research from the University of Loughborough found that even a mild form of dehydration is the equivalent of being over the limit when calculating errors in driving. RAC spokesman Rod Dennis warned that drivers could see roads becoming an issue with the soaring temperatures. He said: “The heat can lead to some softening of road surfaces–blacker patches of tarmac is the tell-tale sign. “If temperatures really shoot up, it might also be the case that gritting trucks will need to be brought out as salt can help improve vehicle grip on melting roads.”