As Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly is on the verge of completing a £34million move to Chelsea this summer, the Italian side’s manager Luciano Spalletti has informed his squad of the pending transfer. The Senegalese centre-back spent eight years at the club, who rejected several offers from the Premier League for their star defender over that spell before accepting the Blues’ offer to take him to London. Il Corriere dello Sport newspaper has reported that Spalletti informed Napoli players on Tuesday that “Koulibaly is almost gone”, admitting that the defender will leave the club in the summer. The 31-year-old is set to pen a five-year contract at Stamford Bridge as Thomas Tuchel’s side look to rebuild their defence following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Koulibaly is set to undergo the first part of his Chelsea medical on Thursday according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, as the defender is set to travel to London and arrive on Wednesday evening. Few players over the age of 30 go for such high fees, leaving former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor questioning whether the investment will be worthwhile. "I think it's a good signing and I really like him,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “But I feel like £35 million for a 31-year-old, you know... but maybe that's today's market [and] you have to pay that sort of money. Great signing for Chelsea and £35 million must just be the going rate. JUST IN: Barcelona have trump card up their sleeve that may ruin Chelsea plans "They needed to replace Rudiger. I just feel like Rudiger's strength, physicality, pace - they needed to definitely get him [Koulibaly] in. Thiago Silva [is a] great defender, but to lose Rudiger, to lose Christensen, Chelsea needed more cover." Koulibaly was of interest to Juventus, who could lose Matthijs de Ligt this summer to Bayern Munich, but has opted to join his international team-mate Eduard Mendy at Stamford Bridge. The duo won their country’s first-ever title as captain Koulibaly lifted the Africa Cup of Nations trophy in February. The soon-to-be Chelsea defender scored Senegal’s opening penalty in their shoot-out victory over Egypt in the final, while Mendy saved Mohanad Lasheen’s spot kick before Bayern Munich forward Sadio Mane scored the winning penalty. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours'Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price setMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer deals Koulibaly is not expected to be the last defender brought in by Chelsea this month, as they remain in negotiations with Manchester City for Nathan Ake. The Dutchman is expected to cost around £45m, similar to the one that saw Chelsea finalise a deal for Raheem Sterling. Presnel Kimpembe has also been linked with a move to Chelsea as Tuchel and Todd Boehly attempt to close in on a defender that can play on the left of the German boss’ preferred three-at-the-back defence. Manchester United could be set to benefit from Chelsea’s pursuit of Koulibaly, as the Naples side have reportedly lined up United defender Eric Bailly as a possible replacement. Italian reports claim that the Ivorian is high up on the list of defenders the Naples club admire.