Max Verstappen is ready to change his stance on being involved in Netflix's Drive to Survive TV series ahead of the British Grand Prix if he can decide what is aired. The Red Bull star said he has held talks with the show's producers over getting involved in the upcoming series. However, the Dutchman has demanded “more control” over what is used in the show. He said being involved in the series had to be “good for both sides” instead of just for Netflix. Speaking to Dutch website De Telegraaf, he said: “We had a good, short conversation. I know it's very popular and good for the sport and I don't mind playing a part in that, but it has to be good for both sides. “It must also make sense for me to participate in it. I would like to have a little more control over what comes out, from what I say. Sometimes a camera walks behind you, without you noticing. The conversation was positive, now let's see what exactly comes out." READ MORE: Max Verstappen blasts 'moaning' Mercedes as Lewis Hamilton mocked  It comes after F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali vowed to hold talks between Netflix and the drivers who had refused to take part in the series over concerns the show had faked rivalries. Domenicali said he wanted to find a neutral ground to ensure the story did not “move away from reality”. After Domenciali's comments, Verstappen hit out against the show, comparing it to reality TV series Keeping up with the Kardashians. The reigning champion explained: “I'm sure we'll talk about it with Stefano. But at the moment I'm not really interested to take part in it. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen makes bold ‘not a racist’ defence of Nelson Piquet [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen's girlfriend 'likes' post defending Nelson Piquet  [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso could have beaten Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT] "It's also taking more time when we're already doing so many things. I saw the benefit initially of course you get more popularity, but for me now I think you reach a stage where its a bit more like 'Keeping up with the Formula One world' if you know my reference. "I think it shouldn't be like that. It's better just to make a season review by F1 itself, that's why nicer to look at. But that's my opinion. Nobody needs to share my opinion. I just don't like to be a part of it."