In today's cost of living crisis, fuel and parking costs can determine a trip to the beach this summer. So, where in the country is the cheapest to park your car for the day? A study conducted by Scrap Car Comparison revealed that many seaside spots offer parking for less than £1 an hour. The seaside village of Lympstone, in Devon, topped the list of cheapest seaside towns to park in, costing just 40p for an hour. Lympstone was followed by Clacton-on-Sea, where parking costs just 50p. Fishguard, in Wales, and Melcombe Regis, in England, also offer a safe spot to leave your vehicle for 50p per hour. The most expensive coastal town to park the car is Woolacombe, in England, where an hour costs £10. READ MORE: Flight attendant secret: How do crew open toilet doors from outside? Lympstone, England £0.40 Clacton-on-Sea, England £0.50 Fishguard, Wales £0.50 Melcombe Regis, England £0.50 Milford Haven, Wales £0.50 Rhos-on-Sea, Wales £0.50 Hornsea, England £0.60 Roker, England £0.60 South Shields, England £0.60 Lyme Regis, England £0.70  Other seaside towns offer all-day parking rates, which work out even cheaper. Milford Haven, in Wales, has the cheapest all-day parking rate, with beachgoers able to leave their vehicle all day for £1.50. Milford Haven, Wales £1.50 Fishguard, Wales £2 Gourock, Scotland £2 Hornsea, England £2.90 Roker, England £3 Holidaymakers can also head to some of the seaside towns across the UK that offer free parking. Beautiful summer spots including Abergele, in Wales, Llanfairfechan or Goring-by-Sea, in England, offer free parking near the beach. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip  Abergele, Wales Ayr, Scotland Borth, Wales Burntisland, Scotland Ferryside, Wales Girvan, Scotland Goring-by-Sea, England Gorleston, England Kessingland, England Kinghorn, Scotland Llanfairfechan, Wales Llansteffan, Wales New Brighton, England Penmaenmawr, Wales Porthgain, Wales Portishead, England Portrush, Northern Ireland Portstewart, Northern Ireland Rothesay, Scotland Saltcoats, Scotland Seaburn, England Silloth, England Southwold, England Trebarwith Strand, England Tywyn, Wales Sutton-on-Sea, England Dan Gick, managing director at Scrap Car Comparison, said: “Summer is considered one of the best times of year for many drivers with better weather making driving much more pleasant, and the longer days and warmer temperatures making road trips to the seaside all the more tempting. “However, parking costs should be considered before heading off, as when coupled with the other rising costs of driving such as fuel, a day out at the seaside can end up costing much more than expected. “If you’re planning a day out, why not group up with some other friends to split the cost or try and find alternative transport or parking options to help keep costs down."