During Thursday's instalment of Million Pound Pawn, Jayne and her daughter Charlotte brought in a suitcase full of designer handbags which included a "sought after" jean blue coloured Hermès Birkin handbag. Jayne paid an eye-watering £7,500 for the bag, but she had no documentation to prove it was real. She was hoping to sell it to Dan for £10,000 and put the money towards Charlotte's wedding - but was it a fake? The Hermès Birkin handbag is the most highly coveted luxury handbag in the world and it ranges in price from £8,500 to £300,000. Dan welcomed Jayne and her daughter Charlotte into his pawnbrokers and they presented him with the "beautiful" bag. "This colour is fantastic, I love it, do you?" Dan asked Jayne. She replied: "Well I didn't buy it for the colour, I bought it because I saw it as an investment opportunity." READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Charlotte admitted her mother has never let her borrow the bag and was "under strict instructions to never touch it". Jayne wanted to sell the bag to help pay for her daughter's upcoming wedding, but she had no way of proving the item was genuine. "I think I made a rookie error because I bought it off a friend who assured me it was real," Jayne confessed. When Dan asked how much she wanted for the bag, she firmly stated: "Well, I want at least £10,000."  Jayne, who bought other designer bags with her by French luxury brands such as Dior, Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent, wanted Dan to value them as well. Dan asked: "Are you prepared, if you can't get £8,000, to maybe let one of those other bags go?" Jayne lashed out: "Get £8,000? I saw what you did then, no, I want £10,000." Dan had to get an expert to decipher whether the Birkin bag was genuine and she told him blue jean was one of the most "sought after colours Hermès makes". DON'T MISS...Million Pound Pawn guest emotional over £500k+ Rolex collection [MUST SEE]Joanna Lumley in tears on Gogglebox as carer takes widow on £15k trip [REACTION]Million Pound Pawn guest sobs over value of 'rare' Rolex 'Feel sick' [VIDEO] As she and Dan were establishing whether the bag was a fake, Jayne admitted: "I feel sick, why do I get myself into these things?" However, Dan was soon able to announce the item was indeed a genuine Hermès Birkin bag and offered Jayne £8,000 for it. She fumed: "£8,000 and I am walking away, it's not like I am desperate. I bought it for £7,500." Thinking of her daughter's wedding, Jayne soon had a change of heart and offered to throw in her Dior and Yves Saint Laurent handbags in exchange for £10,000.  Dan said: "Deal, that was a tough deal, but you know what, you got your £10,000." Following the deal, Jayne said: "Yeah, he is a hard negotiator but then I came along. "We are going to look at bridesmaid dresses now and she might get the champagne fountain [at the wedding]. "She drove a really hard bargain there, I was sweating," Dan admitted. "I need a large vodka and soda with a dash of lime." Million Pound Pawn continues next Thursday at 9pm on ITV. 