As the cost of living crisis continues, and energy bills soar, many families on low incomes may be feeling the financial squeeze. Carers save the economy £132billion every year yet when it comes to their personal finances, figures show they are missing out. Carer’s Allowance is one of the main welfare benefits to help carers in the UK and is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on the benefit which could top up their income by £69.70 per week - £3,624.40 over a year. To be eligible, claimants need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week. A person must not earn more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment, this is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for expenses. READ MORE: 'I don't have a lot' Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement  One does not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. If eligible, a carer can then choose if they would like to be paid weekly in advance or every four weeks with the money being paid straight into their bank account. This could mean a cash boost of almost £279 each month. The DWP says that before applying, people will need to make sure they have their: READ MORE: Pension warning: Britons risk working past 66 to fund retirement as inflation soars If the carer claims Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit then they must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about the allowance claim. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension. If their pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. Britons can make a claim on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Those in Scotland are able to receive the Carer’s Allowance Supplement which is an extra payment for those who receive their allowance on a certain date and is paid twice a year. Around 90,000 carers across Scotland have received the extra payment £245.70 in April. The next payment is due to be paid in October. According to official statistics from the DWP, in February 2021 there were 1.3 million people claiming the benefit.