July is notorious for BBQs, summer gatherings and long nights in our garden. It’s a time to enjoy our lawns, however, there are three main jobs we should still be doing to keep on top of our lawn care game. Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, has revealed the lawn care jobs you should be doing this month. July is the time to enjoy your garden, but it is also a time when your lawn will get the most traffic from pets, children, and BBQs, so your focus should be on keeping the lawn looking healthy and helping it to quickly bounce back from heavy usage. Mowing You might be busy with social plans this July, but it’s important that you regularly mow your lawn - we can’t emphasise this enough. READ MORE: Hot weather to fry lawns across the country today: How to save your grass - 'start now' Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mowing serves a much bigger purpose when it comes to taking care of your lawn than just keeping the grass short. If you leave it too long in between mowing and let your grass grow long, it will make it much harder for your grass to access nutrients and water, as regular mowing reduces the demand on the root system. The height of your grass should be around 20mm for a healthy lawn, as at this height the grass plant can easily access all the nutrients and water it needs. Not only does mowing your lawn every two to three days stimulate the growth but it will also keep your lawn looking fabulous, ready to show off at all your summer BBQs. DON'T MISSHow to revitalise your dying grass - 'get it looking green' [EXPERT] How to choose the best lawn mower for your grass [GUIDE] 'Lawn you’ve always dreamed of': How to feed grass [TIPS] Feeding Feeding your lawn is a job all year round, however, feeding requires more work in the summer months as traffic builds on your lawn. A high nitrogen fertiliser is the best option, as nitrogen is a key element in maintaining the health of your lawn and supports the growth significantly. Not only will it increase vigour, but it will also keep your grass looking that luscious green colour. Watering Our final job for July is watering. It’s straightforward. When it comes to watering your lawn, to put it simply, you need the water to reach deep down to the roots. The best way to achieve this is to water heavily. July will hopefully be one of the hottest months of the year, and this is when your lawn will need watering the most. You should be watering your lawn every three to five days as required, penetrating the top 15 to 25cm of soil. You should be watering your grass until it looks wet on the surface, and don’t worry about over-watering it as this is not possible in the warmer months. A lawn can drink several litres of water per metre a day, so it’s almost impossible to over-water your lawn. If you’re unsure whether your lawn needs watering or not, a good indicator is the colour. Has it lost some of its green? Also take a walk on your lawn, does it bounce back? If it’s not looking very green or doesn’t bounce back when you walk on it, this means it’s thirsty and in need of a good watering. Don’t forget to water your lawn first thing in the morning before the main heat of the day, as although it’s a myth that watering your grass in the heat will burn it, the water will evaporate in the heat and not get deep enough into the soil if watered in the midday sun.