Frenkie de Jong has hinted he’ll be on the plane for Barcelona’s pre-season tour by uploading a picture of himself with Memphis Depay. The midfielder’s future is currently up in the air amid intense interest from Manchester United. However, there’s still no guarantee a blockbuster switch to Old Trafford will actually go ahead. Manchester United agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong earlier in the week, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to land their No 1 target. Yet several hurdles still remain as John Murtough looks to get a deal over the line. De Jong is owed £17m in deferred wages by Barcelona, having agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago. With that being the case, the Netherlands international is reluctant to leave - with reports in Spain even claiming he’s unconvinced over a move to Old Trafford despite interest from former boss Erik ten Hag. And De Jong has now dropped a hint he’ll be with his Barcelona team-mates for their upcoming pre-season tour of the United States. The 25-year-old has shared an image of himself with close pal and former United star Memphis Depay. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings And the fact the two team-mates are hanging out together certainly suggests a move to United isn’t remotely imminent. It will be fascinating to see if the Red Devils can get a deal over the line, with the saga starting to resemble the failed pursuit of Cesc Fabregas back in 2013. David Moyes wanted the Spain international that year, even planning his reign with the midfielder in mind. But while Ed Woodward did everything possible to sign Fabregas, United ultimately missed out with the player proceeding to join Chelsea the following year. That left United scrambling for last-minute reinforcements. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And Marouane Fellaini ended up being their sole summer signing in 2013, with the Belgium international touching down from Everton. If United do miss out on De Jong, they have a list of alternatives in mind. And it was recently claimed two Premier League midfielders were on their radar in the event of any collapsed transfer. One is Ruben Neves, who has been admired by United for a number of years and was previously believed to be on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s personal wishlist. Any deal won’t be cheap, however, with Wolves previously making it clear they’d want a fee close to £100million to part ways with their prized asset. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Youri Tielemans is thought to be another player United are tracking. The Leicester star had been expected to join Arsenal but, as of yet, a move to the Emirates Stadium has failed to materialise. And whether United are able to bring in a midfielder, as the clock starts to tick, is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former Red Devils ace Luke Chadwick said his old side signing De Jong would ‘put a marker down’. “Money shouldn’t be an issue, as Richard Arnold said in the video, so they need to pay what it takes because he’s a player they need,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Even if it comes to €80-85million, that’s where the market is now. “Ten Hag needs to be able to get the players he wants. €85m is a large price, but at the same time it wasn’t so long ago that he was seen as one of the hottest prospects in European football. I think that’s the kind of market for players of that calibre now. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team