Disaster struck One Direction fans back in 2015 when it was announced they were going on an indefinite hiatus. Almost a year later, in 2016, it was confirmed that their hiatus would become a permanent split. This past weekend, on July 23, 2022, it was 1D's 12th anniversary of their formation on the ITV show X Factor. And Tomlinson was keen to speak his mind about getting back with the rest of the band. Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Niall Horan, Liam Payne and Tomlinson have not played music together since 2015. Going forward, Tomlinson is eager to get the gang back together. Speaking in a new interview he confessed: "I'll be pretty gutted if there's not [a reunion], definitely." (sic) While this is great news for fans, he did have a sombre follow-up. Tomlinson then touched upon the timeframe the band would perhaps be getting back together. "The impossible question to answer is when," he told TV station Sunrise. "I've got no idea. With that said, he was eager to speak about his passion for getting back together with the rest of the boyband. Tomlinson added: "But, I mean, I'll be really, really surprised if one day we didn't [get back together]. It'd be a waste." READ MORE: One Direction star Zayn Malik was 'forced' to audition for band Tomlinson followed up by speaking candidly about his solo music. The 30-year-old was the last member of the band to release his own solo album. He dropped Walls in January 2020. Now, he's looking forward to making some more music alone. He said: "I'm really really proud of where I've ended up, so I'm excited for this next stage in my career." However, he isn't the only member of the band calling for a reunion. DON'T MISS...One Direction star Zayn Malik was 'forced' to audition for band [NEWS]One Direction reunion: Harry Styles speaks out band comeback [INFO]One Direction Liam Payne 'hated' 1D star - 'He was wild' [INSIGHT] Payne has been adamant that he hopes One Direction will be getting back together in the near future. In recent months he said of a reunion: "I don't know, I definitely think it will happen!" He added: "I spoke to Louis the other day and we were just saying... [A reunion] has got to happen sooner than later! So, that's my only update on that one." And every day the odds of the band getting back together sooner rather than later continue to improve. Leading bookmaker Ladbrokes recently slashed the band's odds of getting back together by the end of 2023. The company gave them an impressive 2/1 on reuniting after six years apart. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "It's looking increasingly likely the 1D lads will be sharing stages around the world once again by the time next year is out." SOURCE