Tom Bower, who’s biography entitled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and a War between the Windsors was published last week, slammed the Duchess of Sussex for her “scandalous” interview with Oprah Winfrey, claiming that was his reason for writing the book. He said Meghan realised very quickly after becoming a member of the Royal Family that she “would be better off in Hollywood” where she could claim a more central role in the limelight.    Mr Bower said: “I would not have written this book if she had not appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show, I just thought that was so disgraceful what she said, what Harry said. I’m a monarchist and I just don’t think she should be allowed to say those things unchallenged. It was scandalous. “So I embarked on this book actually to find out what sort of person launches that sort of unfair, untrue attack on the Royal Family. “It was only by finding so many different aspects of her life that were not in the public domain that I could actually come to my conclusion.    “The book tells the truth about Meghan and I think that is very important to know the background and the motivation of a woman who clearly married into the Royal Family because she loved Harry, I don’t doubt that, but also because she likes the status. “But in the end, very quickly, she discovered that she wasn’t going to get the status of number one, which is what she wanted. “There is only one number one in the Royal Family and the rest of the family is there to support the Queen. “Meghan did not understand why she was not in the spotlight and very quickly decided she would be better off in Hollywood.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's bombshell book 'out of his hands' [REVEAL]   Tom Bower has been doing the rounds while promoting his new biography, causing controversy as he recounts some of the stories he has included in the book. Speaking to Piers Morgan on TalkTV last week, Mr Bower described Ms Markle as a “scheming” woman who did something “quite dreadful” to Britain when she left the royal family. He said: “I think she is a very clever and scheming woman. At the end of the book, I realised how successful she had been. “She calculated that she could be a great success and by marrying Prince Harry, she did that. “They pose a real threat to the Royal Family. I just thought this woman was really doing something quite dreadful to Britain.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE] Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL]   Meanwhile, it is believed that Harry and Meghan have been invited to Balmoral Castle to stay with the Queen in the coming months. The monarch arrived in the Highlands on Thursday and is set to stay for ten weeks at seven-bed Craigowan Lodge. A Balmoral insider said: “Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children Archie and Lilibet.They are preparing for the Sussexes.” However, it is unclear whether the Sussex’s will attend alongside other royals. READ NEXT: Royal Family: Prince Harry's Oprah claim 'proved wrong'Meghan forced to return wedding tiara - why Fergie kept her diademPrince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour Meghan and Harry 'shaping firm roles in US' as they embrace 'freedom'Royal insider will be 'stunned' if Harry and Meg accept Queen's invite  