The weekend is almost upon us, although there's still the small matter of Friday to get through. Fortunately, there's a brand new Wordle to solve, which should make the final day of the working week that little more bearable. If you're a Wordle fan and need a little help solving the July 29 puzzle, simply head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues for Wordle 405. And good luck, because you might just need it. A fantastic game when you've got ten minutes or so to spare, Wordle tasks players with figuring out a five letter word in just six attempts. Sounds simple, but it can be a lot harder than you think, especially . If you want to solve those Wordle puzzles, then you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 405 on July 29... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 405 hints and clues for July 29... 1. Wordle 405 starts with the letter U. 2. Wordle 405 contains two vowels. 3. Can't solve the new Wordle? No need to cry and get annoyed.