Ralf Little has taken to Instagram to address an "extremely painful" discovery about his great-grandad. It comes as the Death in Paradise star, 42, appeared on a recent episode of Who Do You Think You Are? in a bid to learn more about his heritage. In view of his 136,000 followers, Ralf penned the clip: "Probably the worst thing I learned," ahead of a laughing face emoji. Addressing his followers, he said: "So here I am having just discovered that my great-grandad gave up his international football career and renounced it all in favour of this," Ralf said while panning around a church. "Religion," the actor said deadpan into the camera. He went on: "Now, not to disparage anyone's beliefs, but I'm an atheist. READ MORE: Corrie's Harriet Bibby hits out at co-star for 'nightmare' jibe "And as an atheist who loves football, that's extremely painful to me," he ended the clip. During the BBC show, Ralf found out his great-grandfather had been a talented footballer and had scored for his prestigious team during an important match. Ralf celebrated the victory, explaining he was "delighted" despite the match having taken place over a century ago. An expert discovered a photograph that he brought to Ralf of the team his relative played for. "So here's a photograph from your great-grandfather's era," he explained. "See if you can see him." Pointing towards a young man, Ralf asked: "Oh, this guy?" After his identity was confirmed, Ralf added: "Oh, you see I've only seen pictures of him from when he was about 40. But I guess he's, what, 20 here?" "So here he is about 20, yeah," the expert agreed, continuing: "He was a forward. In some press match reports he's described as the centre-forward - goal scorer." DON'T MISS... Vera Wang, 73, looks half her age in skintight outfit at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham leaves husband David fuming as she steals his style [ANALYSIS]Bradley Cooper, 47, looks almost unrecognisable with grey hair [UPDATE] He showed the actor a newspaper clipping covering the game. Ralf read: "'25th March, 1894. Wales and border counties challenge cup final tie, Chirk v. Westminster Rovers', what a headline!" As he heard more about the game, he commented: "Wow, okay. This is quite a big cup final, then." Following Ralf's post his followers took to the comments to address his video. Instagram user Chutneytree wrote: "Just watched this episode. It was a good one. "I’d feel the same as you re religion and would be equally disappointed. However what a legacy he left behind in terms of his footballing career no matter how short." While Jceb2014 argued: "He had faith and a belief that he was prepared to devote himself wholly. "If you could have stood and talked to him for a while I wonder if perhaps his decision would have made more sense?" they added.