Sports-lover George appeared with his parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to watch the climactic finale of the Men’s Singles competition at Wimbledon today. Novak Djokovic beat out Nick Kyrgios in a four-set thriller on Centre Court - but many TV watchers had their eyes on Prince George as he appeared in clothing they felt was unsuitable for the blazing heat. Temperatures soared to 30C in south west London this afternoon during the tense match. The UK is in the middle of a heatwave with some experts predicting that the UK could see temperatures reach the dizzy heights of 40C during July. While many were delighted at George’s variety of facial expressions as he took in the game with his family, others were worried about his safety in the searing heat. Royal fans took to Twitter to wonder why William and Kate dressed their son in a full suit. Prince William also donned a full suit to the men’s final today. @isabelsauntie wrote on Twitter: "Poor child having to wear a suit in this hot weather." @lalablanco added: "Why do they dress him in a suit and tie and in this heat. He's a boy, not a grown up." Another said: "Poor Prince George, he must be boiling in that suit."  A fourth commented: “Feel a bit sorry for Prince George having to sit through the Wimbledon mens’ singles final. It could go on for hours and in this heat too!!!” Many questioned why he couldn’t have just been given a different outfit for the occasion. @HilaryK777 said: "Poor Prince George in a shirt, tie and jacket in that stifling heat. Couldn't they let the kid wear a T-shirt?" @giddypop added: “Why is Prince George in a suit and tie? Put him in a T-shirt and shorts” After the match, the young royal was able to get his hands on the Wimbledon trophy as he met winner Novak Djokovic. READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges [REVEAL] Prince George cracked a smile when Mr Djokovic offered him the trophy to hold, and gripped it with both hands, while on either side of him, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge congratulated the champion on his most recent win. Prince William was overheard advising his son "don't drop it!" According to unearthed reports, the tennis legend may have contributed to the young royal’s own sports journey. Back in 2018, Kate and William spoke to the Serb after his victory over South African Anderson. Djokovic asked Kate: "How are your children?", to which Kate replied: "Yeah, very well". DON'T MISS: Prince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staff [REVEAL]The many faces of Prince George: Young royal steals show at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Prince George gets his hands on Wimbledon trophy - WATCH [ANALYSIS] William then added: "Very well thanks, very well… Trying to get a tennis racket in their hand – and a football!" A source close to the Cambridges said they then asked Djokovic how George can improve at tennis. The source said: "She [the Duchess] says with George just being four he wants to whack a ball, so she was asking what sort of stuff she should be doing. "They will struggle at that age to hit a ball. She said he’s interested in it, but more in whacking the ball." Following Wimbledon 2019, it emerged that George had received a private tennis lesson from Roger Federer. The Swiss player noted that the prince was well on his way to becoming a tennis champion himself, saying that George had a “good swing.”