Grass can be prone to turning brown and even drying up in the thick of summer. With a heatwave currently engulfing large parts of the UK, many gardeners may be wondering how to keep their lawn healthy. Although mowing your lawn is a key component of a luscious, green lawn, during periods of intense heat, Britons might want to rethink their usual gardening schedule. According to experts from The Lawn Man, most grasses do not like hot weather and can "get stressed when we get a heatwave." Therefore, it's a good idea to lock in as much moisture as possible, and your mowing schedule has a lot to do with this. The Lawn Man recommends mowing your lawn "high and frequently". READ MORE: Gardening: The time of day you should ‘always’ water plants  The experts explained: "In hot weather, you should raise the blades of your lawn mower right to the top. "Keeping a longer leaf on the grass helps to shade the soil to slow moisture loss. "It also means the grass contains more moisture and is able to resist drying out." In some cases, it can be useful to leave behind a layer of chopped grass blades on top of your lawn. This fine mulch can help to keep moisture within the soil. DON'T MISSWhen to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [INSIGHT]How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [COMMENT]House prices: ‘Quick and easy’ ways to boost property value by £66,000 [REPORT] Watering your lawn is also essential during prolonged periods of heat. However, instead of dousing your lawn with water daily, the experts recommend hydrating your lawn "deeply and infrequently". They said: "Thoroughly wetting the soil will help the grass to grow strong roots and help to prevent it from drying out. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "Shallow, regular watering can have the opposite effect." If you are concerned your lawn is not absorbing enough water, aeration can loosen up the soil. Soil aeration is usually done by poking holes into the soil with a spike or plug. Regular aeration can help water get down to the root zone and, according to the experts, "will always result in a healthier lawn as it keeps compaction at bay."