The state pension is often considered to be the bedrock of retirement income, but not everyone gets the full sum. Currently, the full new state pension is worth £185.15 per week. To get it, Britons typically need at least 35 years of qualifying National Insurance contributions. Those hopeful of getting any sum at all will need at least 10 qualifying years on their record. It is worth noting some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. The older state pension is worth £141.85 per week in total. READ MORE: Inheritance tax take soars as IHT burden hits over 75s 'hardest' People can receive this if they have 30 qualifying years or more on their National Insurance record. Understandably, some individuals may have gaps in their National Insurance record. This can be down to a number of issues including being unemployed and not claiming benefits, being employed on low earnings, or living outside of the UK. Gaps, however, can mean people do not have enough years of National Insurance for the full state pension. DON'T MISS'Means so much' Single dad in tears after boss gives him £8k [INSIGHT]Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 70, with £750 can get by in retirement [VIDEO]Attendance Allowance: Claimants could get an extra £150 [UPDATE] As the state pension is so key for millions of people, many will want to make sure they get the full amount possible. As a result, the Government encourages individuals to check their NI record to find out if they do have gaps, and if they are eligible to fill them. This can be done via the online service on the gov.uk website, or by requesting a printed statement online or by phone. Once gaps are established, individuals may be able to fix these through voluntary NI contributions. READ MORE: Lloyds bank scam warning as fraudsters target pensioner, 80 People can typically only pay for gaps in their record from the past six years. At present, the rates for 2022/23 are £3.15 a week for Class 2 contributions, ad £15.85 per week for Class 3. Britons usually pay the current rate when making a voluntary contribution. Those who have reached state pension age and want to fill in gaps typically pay Class 3 contributions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, it is important to know that voluntary contributions do not always increase the state pension. Individuals will need to contact the Future Pension Centre to find out if they will benefit. Similarly, the Government also states some may wish to seek independent financial advice. These professionals will be able to provide guidance on whether it is the best decision for someone to make voluntary contributions.