As the Government attempts to ease the impact of the cost of living crisis, there are many schemes available that claimants may be eligible for so it’s worth checking. As the cost of crisis continues and bills soar, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes who are feeling the financial squeeze. PIP can help with extra living costs if someone has both: Britons can claim PIP for a variety of health conditions such as anxiety, depression, mood disorders or stress, as well as musculoskeletal, neurological or respiratory diseases. More details around who is eligible for PIP can be found on the Government website. Many PIP claimants, who have health problems or disabilities that affect their daily lives and mobility, are set to receive at least £700 in Government support but more can be claimed. READ MORE: ‘I’m afraid to retire' Dave Ramsey suggests what man, 50, should do before retirement  In order to get the £150, claimants must have been eligible for one of the above benefits on May 25, 2022. £400 Energy Bills Support SchemeAll households with a domestic electricity meter will get the cash over a six-month period from October, while direct debit and credit customers will see it credited to their energy account. The grant is for help with energy bills and customers with pre-payment meters will get the money applied to their meter or paid via a voucher. £300 Pensioner Cost of Living PaymentSome older people on PIP who also get the state pension will qualify for the regular annual Winter Fuel Payment. Some claimants will be eligible for this new £300 one-off boost. Most people can’t make a new claim for PIP after they reach state pension age. However guidance on Citizens Advice states that people may be able to make a new claim if: People should get two lump sums of £326 and £324 from the DWP if they’re getting any of the following: The guidance said this could include households living in property valued in bands E to H that are on income related benefits or those where the bill-payers are not liable for council tax. The amount that each council could give might vary so Britons are urged to check. All the payments above amount to around £2,000. Most people on PIP should get the first three payments on the list, a total of £700. Depending on circumstances, they could get more and Britons can check the other options to see if they may be eligible. People can check what state support they may be missing by using a benefits calculator on the government website.