Kieran Tierney was substituted after just 30 minutes of Arsenal's first official pre-season friendly against FC Nurnberg to spark further injury concerns. The Scotland international missed the final six weeks of last season after knee surgery and was making his first appearance since. After missing Scotland's matches earlier this summer, the former Celtic star was named in the Gunners' starting XI for Friday's match in Germany. However, he was unable to make it to half-time. Cedric Soares replaced Tierney on the half hour mark with the score 2-0 to the hosts. The reason for his substitution is not yet known. Former Arsenal winger Perry Grove was on co-commentary duty for the club's in-house media channel. And he said there was no need for Tierney to continue if there was a risk of aggravating an injury. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  Groves said: "He didn't look sharp at all. Hopefully it's damage limitation, 'get yourself off, don't make anything worse'." Tierney has struggled with injury problems throughout his time at the club. He has had knee injuries in the back end of both the last two seasons and has missed matches due to ankle, groin, hip and shoulder issues since joining Arsenal in 2019. Arsenal are hopeful of signing Ajax star Lisandro Martinez as potential cover for Tierney. However, Manchester United are also keen on signing the Argentina international. Tierney lined up in a back four against Nurnberg alongside Pablo Mari, academy youngster Reuell Walters and Hector Bellerin. Nurnberg started the better of the two sides and went ahead through a fine strike from Johannes Geis. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezChelsea already have 'full personal terms agreement' on next signing after Raheem Sterling  New signing Matt Turner was unable to keep out Geis' powerful shot from outside the 18-yard box. Replays showed the USA international may be disappointed not to have got closer to the shot. Kwadwo Duah doubled Nurnberg's lead just before Tierney was replaced. He was allowed a free run at Turner and fired past the 28-year-old. Two of Arsenal's other summer signings were named on the bench. Gabriel Jesus and young winger Marquinhos were made to wait for their first appearance in an Arsenal shirt. Fabio Vieira was at the ground but not named in the match day squad. The £34.2m signing from Porto was pictured in a protective boot last week but allayed fears of a serious problem.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here