A Place in the Sun newcomer Craig Rowe was tasked with finding the perfect holiday home for Diane and her partner John in Los Alcazares, on Spain’s Costa Calida. The Derbyshire couple were hoping to find a two-bedroom apartment with a large balcony within their £150,000 budget. Craig picked out a combination of contemporary and traditional properties, but was left red-faced when John lambasted one of his choices for having "no personality". The pair revealed they were willing to fork out £180,000 if a property ticked all of their boxes. The first option included three bedrooms, plenty of space inside and a mezzanine level which the current owners had transformed into a gym. However, they were unimpressed with the lack of outdoor space in the £141,000 apartment. They swiftly moved on to the second property which was on the market for £158,000 and came with a roof terrace and a separate room which could be used as a home office. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ But John immediately told Craig he was unsure of the location as it was on a narrow road. They agreed to take a look inside but Diane was not keen on the balcony as it overlooked someone else's property. "It's not for us I'm afraid, Craig," John stated when Craig asked if they wanted to see more of the apartment. The search took a turn for the worse when Craig took them on a tour of the next property which was priced at £161,000.  It boasted stunning sea views and included three balconies, but John was not impressed with the look of the building's exterior. But property expert Craig managed to impress the pair with his fourth choice which also had sea views. The apartment needed some restoration work, but John and Diane were ready for the challenge and explained it was the only contender for them. They later moved on to the final property but John made it clear from the moment he stepped inside the apartment that he did not approve of it. DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on relationship with Laura Hamilton [EXCLUSIVE]A Place In The Sun's Scarlette details co-stars' struggles filming [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Craig disappoints buyer with news' Not happy' [MUST SEE] As he was looking around the £178,000 home, he added: "There isn't much imagination which has gone into this." Diane said: "It's beautiful, it's absolutely immaculate but I think it just lacks a little bit of character." "It has no personality," John fumed. "We want to have something we could mould and put our own personality into it." Craig suggested John could add his own artwork and change the soft furnishings to add his own mark to the property.  John later said the viewing of the final property made him realise how much he liked the previous option. At the end of the episode, the couple decided to put an offer in for the fourth property. Their first offer was rejected, but they gladly accepted the owner's counteroffer. A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 