Reports suggest that the Queen has offered to have Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their two children – three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet stay at the royal Scottish estate of Balmoral. The Sussexes could visit Her Majesty while other senior royals are not about during her ten-week stay at Craigowan Lodge. A Balmoral insider told The Sun on Sunday, July 24: “Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children Archie and Lilibet. They are preparing for the Sussexes.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'know time in limelight is limited' as Cambridge children to take over Harry and Meghan stepped back from their roles as senior working royals two years ago and have not visited the Highlands to see the Queen since 2018. They were reportedly invited to Balmoral again in 2019 but declined the invitation as they said their newborn son Archie was too young to travel with them. The Sussexes now reside in California but returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Another insider said: “Balmoral is the perfect place for them to spend a little bit of quality time with the Queen. They barely had 15 minutes with her at the jubilee.” Yet another source told The Sun on Sunday: “I would be stunned if they did turn up.” Royal commentator Neil Sean claimed in an episode on his YouTube channel last month that Meghan and Harry were “hoping for a holiday invite”. He said: “There could be good news on the horizon apparently because as we know, our wonderful monarch likes to holiday up in one of her favourite homes, Balmoral, up in Scotland. “You go over there and you’re completely cut off from the world and it makes you relax and think good thoughts. “It’s the time of year where our monarch likes to invite members of her family to come and spend time with her, they don’t all come at once, they all come when they’re invited at segregated times.” DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton and Prince William opted for staycation to compete in beloved sport [INSIGHT]Prince Harry whispered to Meghan after her speech made William and Kate feel awkward [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'highly unlikely' to attend William's US event as couple 'stew in past' [REPORT] Princess Eugenie has said: “It’s the most beautiful place on Earth. I think Granny is the most happy there.” Last year Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge visited the Queen during her Scottish break with their three children Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex also visited with their children Lady Louise,18, and Viscount James, 14. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.