Yellowstone will be back on The Paramount Network in November and fans are keen to find out what is in store for the Duttons. Jamie (played by Wes Bentley) has been dealt a poor hand on the show and the season four finale saw him in even bigger trouble. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star and his wife. Wes Bentley, 43, rose to fame after his role in American Beauty, and he later starred in The Hunger Games. He took part in the documentary My Big Break, in which he touched on his rise to fame and subsequent substance abuse. After rebuilding his acting career, he went on to star in American Horror Story and, of course, Yellowstone. The Arkansas-born star was married to actress Jennifer Quanz from 2001 to 2009. They divorced that year and Bentley went on to marry producer Jacqui Swedberg in 2010. READ MORE: Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder As a couple they have two children together, Charles born in 2010 and Brooklyn in 2014. According to her IMDb account, his wife worked as an associate producer on the TV series Corner Gas. She was also a trainee assistant director on Lullaby for Pi and Sleepwalking. In 2007 she worked as a second assistant director on an episode of Renegadepress.com. She was trainee assistant director on Prairie Giant: The Tommy Douglas Story in 2006. The star has some experience as a researcher for a 2009 short called The Greims. Wes does not appear to be on social media and has not given much away about married life. He did open up in an interview with Elle about how the pair met. On whether his wife swept him off his feet, he said: "She really did. We met at an Iron Maiden concert, which I know is just the most romantic place to meet. "We met through mutual friends, and I just knew that I'd never met someone like her. I love that she's unexpected. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UN [VIDEO]Yellowstone season 5: Will Jamie Dutton kill Christina and get son? [THEORY]Yellowstone's Kevin Costner rules out major John Dutton storyline [INSIGHT] "You can't ever predict what she'll say next. She's also very smart, a great writer and an amazing mother." In the interview from 2013, he also opened up about being a father, saying: "I think a man learns responsibility after having a child, and he learns about swagger. "You learn about the world and how you're providing for someone and someone depends on you. "That's the most swagger I feel anyone can have: Being alive because of your child." Fans are looking forward to seeing the actor return for the fifth season of Yellowstone. At the end of season four, Jamie was blackmailed by his sister Beth (Kelly Reilly), which left him in a difficult position. His character Jamie has not had the easiest of rides on the show and fans remain divided over his likeability. They will have to wait and see whether he is able to redeem himself.  Yellowstone season 5 returns to The Paramount Network on November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available on Peacock, with the first three seasons on Paramount Plus.