Kate Middleton attended London's Global Ministerial Mental Health Summit on October 9, 2018. She donned a classic pastel knee-length gown. The Duchess of Cambridge dazzled as always when she stepped out in a lilac number in 2018. The dress had long sleeves, a round neck and fell just above her knees. It also features a belted waist which cinched in the Duchess' waist. Kate accentuated her long, slim legs with a pair of Gianvito Rossi beige suede pumps. READ MORE: The Queen is fabulous in floral for latest appearance in Scotland These are currently retailed at $725 (around £596). She also wore a small handbag reportedly from Aspinal of London. As for jewellery, the royal wore her fabulous sapphire engagement ring, and her Mappin and Web Express earrings with a matching pendant. The Empress 18ct White Gold Diamond Drop Earrings are currently retailed at £1,750. As for makeup, the Duchess went for dark eyes, bronzed cheeks and a subtle pink lip. She wore her hair down in loose, bouncy curls. This wasn't the first time Kate wore the Emilia Wickstead number - now known as the 'Kate' dress - as she also stepped out it in on a visit to Hamburg in 2017. But she wasn't the first royal to rock Emilia Wickstead. READ MORE: The Queen is beautiful in blue today in Edinburgh Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: "It must be noted that so many British and European royal women are fashion icons in their own right and their choices of clothing often align because the perks of being royal include access to the world’s most sought-after fashion houses and designers. "The Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Mary of Denmark are near style twins, with a penchant for coats, drop-waist dresses and strong trousers." So it is unsurprising that Princess Mary would wear the same Emilia Wickstead dress on a visit to Tokyo in March 2015. She stepped out in the classic gown, accessorising it with a cream clutch. The royal also opted for suede pointed-toe pumps in the same neutral colour as the dress. It was a subtle yet elegant daytime ensemble. As for her hair, the European Princess opted for a half up, half down do, her hair straight as opposed to Kate's curls. She went for minimal jewellery, with just a single pair of diamond earrings with decorative leaf shapes.