Priyanka Chopra and Meghan Markle have been notorious friends since the pair met at an Elle event in early 2016. Chopra, who turned 40 on July 18, has had a celebrated career in the entertainment industry, but as a result has also had to face a fair amount of peculiarly worded questions which she has no issues pointing out. The Quantico star appeared on American talk show The Wendy Williams Show, as part of the rounds to promote the Baywatch movie in 2017. Williams has experienced a fair few controversies over the show’s 11 year run, explaining the situation to New York Times Magazine in 2019. She said: “I am often accused of being the person who says things that people really want to say but maybe are too scared to say it.” However, during the interview with Chopra this may not have been Williams’ most well-worded moment. The pair spoke about a few interesting facets of Chopra’s life, including her birthday which she shares with Williams’ “and Nelson Mandela” she exclaimed.  Williams then turned on to the topic of Chopra’s friend Meghan, introducing her as “Prince Harry’s girlfriend”. Chopra had a feisty reply in store for Williams that has since gone viral. She noted: “Also, Meghan Markle actress…Suits…Her achievements. Just saying.” Continuing with her questioning Williams asked about rumoured nuptials in the future between Meghan and Prince Harry. Chopra kept her composure simply noting that if her friend was happy then she would be happy.  This has not been the first time Chopra’s found herself at odds with journalists and their questions and has notoriously defended her friend throughout the media frenzy over the years. She told the Sunday Times, speaking about the criticisms that had arisen against Markle in 2019: “If there's anyone who can handle it, it's her." Chopra added that the criticisms “has to do with racism” and that Markle had “always been the girl wanting to move the needle”. There were also widespread claims about a rift between the friends shortly after Chopra’s marriage to Nick Jonas. The elegant and lavish wedding celebrations lasted for three days, but none of which were attended by Markle.    At the time Markle was pregnant with baby Archie but regardless, conspiracy theories began to fly of the friend’s deteriorating relationship. Chopra dismissed the suggestions outright on the Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen show, simply stating “it’s not true”. The actress has not been shy of calling out when reports have got facts wrong, with a later article in The Sun stating her and Markle had mended their relationship when she visited baby Archie. In mid-2019 Chopra had been spotted in London with pictures joining the story that stated she had visited Markle and young Archie bearing gifts from Tiffany & Co. Chopra shortly tweeted, tagging the article: “While these are great gift ideas…this story is untrue, and I was actually in town for work.” Markle and Chopra originally met at an Elle Women in Television dinner in 2016 and hit it off. Their friendship soon became public as they would share group photos and tag each other on social media. Chopra also wrote an open letter commending Markle shortly before the royal wedding, noting the “world needs strong public figures” like Markle would soon be.