Kate Middleton's sister, Pippa, has recently given birth to her third child. She was spotted being heavily pregnant at the Party at the Palace concert during the Platinum Jubilee. The younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge welcomed a baby girl “a couple of weeks ago”, according to People.  Pippa, 38, and James, 46, currently live in a £17million property in London. However, Pippa reportedly purchased a new £15million home just outside London. The 38-year-old and her hedge-fund manager husband, James, have reportedly decided to move back to Berkshire where she and Kate grew up. The new home is apparently about 20-minutes from her parent's home in the beautiful village of Bucklebury. A friend of the couple said: "Pippa and her family are thrilled. “It’s a very exciting time in their lives. “They are looking forward to living closer to her parents,” they told MailOnline. The property is said to have 30 rooms and around 150 acres of ground.  But what really makes the property is the location. Bucklebury has long been known for its royal connection as it's where the Duchess of Cambridge grew up. Their parents live in the village of Bucklebury Manor. It is a seven-bedroom Grade II-listed Georgian house, is worth a staggering £4.7million. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's mansion has £1m nursery for new baby The area of Bucklebury spreads over about 21 square kilometres. The original village sits on the banks of the River Pang, with Bucklebury Common lying to the south. According to published statistics from 2011, there are about 2,000 usual residents and 354 of the homes there are owned outright. The central attraction is the parish church of Saint Mary the Virgin, a gorgeous church built in the second half of the 11th century.  Bucklebury is also home to two Michelin star restaurants - The Blackbird and The Woodspeen. Pippa and James already owned a farm and deep park in the village, which they bought in 2020. The farm is a petting zoo and deer park close to the mansion where Kate’s parents now live. The couple hopes to turn it into a more popular attraction eventually. 