Virgin Atlantic’s new Airbus A300neo’s are designed for more fuel and carbon efficiency than current planes. The first customer flight is expected to take off from Boston in early October. Economy passengers will get some exciting new features on the brand new Virgin Atlantic planes. Customers will be able to relax with their largest ever economy screens at 13.3 inches with a touchscreen. There will also be Bluetooth audio for passengers to be able to connect their headphones and use their phone to control the screen. Passengers will also have more storage, AC power and USB ports to keep their gadgets going. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag Customers could also opt for one of the 28 Economy Delight seats which have more room to stretch their legs. Premium passengers will be treated to calf rests and a big screen as well as an in-seat wireless charging pad. Upper class passengers will be able to enjoy an incredible new luxury feature on the Virgin Atlantic planes. The plane will have two exclusive Retreat Suites which include a 6ft’7 seat which converts to a fully flat bed. Passengers will also have a 27 inch touchscreen with Bluetooth connectivity and wireless charging. Each suite will also have an ottoman which doubles as an extra suite allowing four passengers to comfortably dine and chat in the space. Customers can enjoy an intimate meal in the space or relax in comfort to watch a film in the Retreat Suite. There will also be 30 brand new Upper Class suites which will include more storage and fully closing privacy door. READ MORE: easyJet, BA are the worst airlines for travel chaos - full list The suites will also have passenger controlled mood lighting and a 17,3 inch touchscreen to watch movies. Passengers will also have a mirror so they can leave the plane looking their best for a holiday. Corneel Koster, chief customer and operating officer at Virgin Atlantic, said: “When it comes to innovating for our customers, we never stand still. “Our desire to create memorable experiences means we’ll continue to imagine with fresh ideas. “We care about every detail of the cabin design and every step of our customer’s journey. “We’re proud to unveil our state of the art A330neo and show the evolution of our customer experience, with each of our customers receiving a premium experience regardless of the cabin they travel in. “They’ll be better connected with their fellow travellers and our amazing crew in the air, and with their family and friends on the ground. “It’s truly a plane for the future.”