The Queen was chatting to cancer patient Pat White, whose husband's phone rang as they were being introduced. The monarch saw the funny side to the incident and was seen cracking up. Graham White moved quickly to reach into his pocket and turn off his phone, later saying it was "a bit embarrassing". The Queen quipped: “Typical, a phone goes off immediately." While Mr White was turning off his phone, the Queen continued to chat with Pat, who has stage 4 cancer and is receiving respite care at the centre in Maidenhead. The 63-year-old cancer patient described the encounter as “very emotional”. She added: “This is a memory that I will treasure.” JUST IN: Royal Family: Meghan given nickname by California neighbours  She also joked about her husband’s phone ringing, saying: “I could have killed him! "People think the Queen is all stiff upper lip but she has a sense of humour.” Mr White later confirmed it was his son ringing. He explained: “I turned my wife’s phone off and I could have sworn mine was off – that was a bit embarrassing.” The Queen made the rare public appearance outside Windsor Castle to formally open the new £22m Thames Hospice building in nearby Maidenhead. Sarah Williams Kelly, a former nurse who is now a volunteer at the hospice, also chatted to the Queen and said afterward: “She said how lovely the building is and asked me about my role looking after patients and relatives.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry 'going for a bit more publicity' ahead of memoir launch [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince William defended after backlash over 'tough love' with George [ANALYSIS] Jonathan Jones, chairman of the hospice’s trustees, paid tribute to the Queen, telling guests at the event: “We are particularly thrilled, ma’am, in this exceptional Platinum Jubilee year, you are here today, and I’m sure everyone will join in congratulating you on this amazing milestone and for your 70 years of service to the country.” The hospice’s chief executive, Debbie Raven, said: “To know the royal family and especially the Queen are interested and are looking out for us means so much, not just to us but to our patients.” The 96-year-old monarch was joined by her daughter, the Princess Royal. While the Queen left after signing the visitor’s book, Anne stayed to visit more hospice patients in the 28-bed inpatient department. READ NEXT: ‘Mischievous' Camilla is 'Royal Family's secret weapon’Prince Harry’s memoir deemed ‘unimportant’ ahead of publicationCamilla's father's secret past as Nazi prisoner of warPrince Harry 'going for a bit more publicity' ahead of memoir launchPrince William defended after backlash over 'tough love' with George