Details of the spin-off series are currently being kept tightly under wraps but actor Kris Marshall has let slip a few spoilers. The Death in Paradise star has confirmed a huge storyline for his character and his relationship status. Fans of the BBC series last saw Humphrey when he left the island of Saint Marie to be with love interest Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton). Martha first appeared in season five, episode eight, Flames of Love, when she quite literally runs into old friend Humphrey. Martha went on to appear in another five episodes between series five and six and even moved in with Humphrey. When she returned to London, the lovable detective was heartbroken but went on to visit her in the UK. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ In the final episode of series six, he claims he cannot live without her and declares his love for Martha. Humphrey then made plans to move to London to be with Martha, ending his time on Death in Paradise. It’s been confirmed by actor Kris the spin-off, Beyond Paradise, will follow his relationship Martha after he moved back to Britain. He appeared to confirm the pair are still together and will likely be working to solve murder cases in rural England. He teased: “[It’s] following on [from] Humphrey and Martha’s storyline, from when he left Death in Paradise and Saint-Marie, and their life back in rural England. “Of course being Humphrey, he’s brilliant but you know… he’s a slightly odd gentleman." Fans will no doubt be thrilled to hear Humphrey and Martha are still together after so many years. Kris did of course go on to reveal the new series will have its own “twist”. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [LATEST]Death in Paradise spin-off location unveiled by Kris Marshall [UPDATE]Death in Paradise spin-off: Where will it take place? [INSIGHT] He told Digital Spy: “I can’t really say much about what happens, but what it is about the scripts that I really love, Tony Jordan’s done a beautiful job on the two or three scripts I’ve seen. “It’s exactly what you hope for in terms of if you’re a fan of Death in Paradise. “Obviously it’s not in the Caribbean, but it’s in its own paradise. “It’s got its own new twist on it.” When the series was announced, fans of Death in Paradise were thrilled to hear of Humphrey’s return. “I loved Humphrey as a character! This is exciting news,” TogaThe Great posted on Twitter. Susanne Pelzer added: “Love love love it, so looking forward, what a marvelous idea.” David tweeted: “I am so thrilled about this. Humphrey was my all time favourite detective and I am huge fan of Sally Bretton so this is fab news.” A release date for Beyond Paradise is yet to be announced.