Friedrich Merz, the leader of the CDU in Germany, has expressed concerns over what the impact would be in the European Union if gas supplies from Vladimir Putin fail to materialise. He warned in an interview with the 'Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung': "It is important that after the declaration of the second alert stage by Federal Minister Habeck, a concrete gas schedule coordinated within the EU now follows. Thus, there will probably be considerable distribution conflicts within the EU - as in 2015 and 2016 with the refugee crisis." During this period, more than one million people had fled the Syrian civil war in fear of the brutal regime flooding through the country. But the European Union was hugely criticised for not being prepared enough for the escalating situation, with many pointing to then-German Chancellor Angela Merkel for exacerbating the crisis. She had wanted a quota system for the distribution of refugees, but this was torn apart by member states who threw their support behind a significantly different migration policy. Mr Merz warned that in the event of another major crisis, there could be an unbalanced burden in the continent as there are no measures in place to burden all EU countries equally with lacking gas volumes. Annual maintenance work on the Nord Stream pipeline begins in the Baltic Sea next Monday (July 11) and is likely to last for 10 days. But gas will not flow through Nord Stream 1 during that time, and there are increasing fears Russia will not turn on the tap again when the maintenance is finished. The CDU leader said: "We should not conjure up such scenarios through public statements. If Russia behaves in accordance with the contract, deliveries will resume after the maintenance work." "We need a 360-degree view - right up to the continued operation of the remaining three nuclear power plants, which after all reliably supply ten million households in Germany with electricity." READ MORE: Lifeline for millions as goldmine of cheap, reliable and green energy Julia Klöckner, the economic spokesperson of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group in the Bundestag, also wants to know what would happen if Russia decides to cut gas supplies. She said: "What criteria will be used to prioritise? Are agreements made at the European level? What happens if prices rise even further? Will municipal utilities and other energy suppliers be financially supported? Will prices be passed on to consumers entirely?" On Sunday, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz insisted he wanted to prevent an imminent price explosion through Government support measures. When asked on Sunday in the ARD summer interview in "Report from Berlin" whether gas suppliers or consumers should be helped, he replied: "I think it is important to be active in both fields." DON'T MISSPutin orders top Russian scientist to be ‘killed’ in revenge attack [REPORT]Brexit POLL: Should a second referendum be made illegal? [POLL]'Not how negotiations work' EU chief erupts at UK as she slams Brexit [COMMENTS] During the weekend, Federal Economics Minister Robert Habeck (Greens) warned of a possible "price explosion" at some municipal utilities. He warned this disastrous scenario could become a reality if Russia cuts off gas via Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline and the federal government gives large suppliers the power to pass on prices to their customers. In a further blow to Germany, the Federal Network Agency has provided a dire outlook from the winter and warned the country will not make much progress with its current gas reserves. Currently, Germany's gas storage facilities are just over 60 percent full, but there are fears that could plunge quickly. Klaus Müller, president of the regulatory authority, told the newspapers of the "Funke Mediengruppe": "Should we run out of Russian gas and experience an averagely warm winter, the quantities currently stored - including our obligations to pass gas on to other European countries - will last for maybe one to two months." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.