Rachel Reeves came under fire for her “misleading” explanation of Tory tax cuts pledged by candidates in the Conservative leadership bid. The Shadow Chancellor made a bizarre mathematical calculation which suggested a grossly inaccurate assessment of the proposed Conservative policies. The Labour MP was quickly shot down by broadcaster Andrew Marr who exposed her manipulation of Tory pledges. Ms Reeves claimed the Conservative party was proposing tax cuts that were worth in excess of the £190 NHS budget, but Mr Marr highlighted the actual cuts amounted to a fraction of what the Labour party claimed.     Speaking on LBC, Ms Reeves said: “In the last 48 hours, between the Tory leadership candidates, they have stacked up tax cuts worth more than the entire NHS budget.” Radio host Mr Marr interrupted: “I’m sorry, can I just stop you on that because that is actually quite misleading. “What you have done, I think, is you have totted up the tax pledges made by different Tory candidates into one single figure. “Obviously, only one of them wins the contest and there’s only one set of tax cuts that you’re actually going to face.     He continued: “The maximum to me seems to be just below 40 billion, not 200 billion, as your leader said. “That, frankly, is misleading isn't it?” The Shadow Chancellor responded: “Whether it’s 40 billion or 200 billion the fact is -” Mr Marr again interrupted the Labour MP to shame her use of ambiguous statistics: “Well, no it’s a big difference.” Read more: Penny Mordaunt favourite to be PM - everything you need to know  It appeared Ms Reeves had echoed the statements made by Sir Keir Starmer in a speech on Monday. The Labour Leader said: “Over the weekend, the contenders have made more than £200bn worth of unfunded spending commitments.” He added: “That’s more than the annual budget of the NHS, splurged onto the pages of the Sunday papers, without a word on how it’ll be paid for.” The Labour Party reported the total sum of candidates tax cut pledges despite the fact that only one candidate will prevail and therefore only a fraction of the £200 billion worth of pledged cuts will be implemented under the new leadership. Don't miss: Tom Tugendhat is the man we need to change the country - JAKE BERRY [COMMENT]Rayner announces security inquiry plot to remove Boris immediately [REVEAL]Sophy Ridge ridicules Yvette Cooper boasting of Labour plan [INSIGHT]  Ms Reeves continued her criticism of the Conservative candidates in spite of Mr Marr’s corrections. She said: “Let’s choose the 40 billion number, we have not heard from any leadership candidate how that 40 billion is going to be found. “Is it through more borrowing, or is it reducing the number of police on our streets, the number of doctors in our hospitals, the number of nurses, the number of teaching assistants? “Until the candidates in the leadership contest can say where that money is going to come from then I’m afraid this is just fantasy economics and it is grossly irresponsible.” Read next: I wouldn’t even let Boris take my dog for a walk, says MICHAEL COLEKeir Starmer facing 'Labour’s worst nightmare' in Tory contenderRed Wall Tories to hold own hustings to keep Labour voters'Et tu?' moment threw bomb at Tories’ heart, blasts CAROLE MALONEBeergate let-off for Starmer and Rayner is 'just another stitch-up'