The Tory leadership race is down to its final four candidates, with MPs now preparing to halve that total by the end of Wednesday. They will vote out one of Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Kemi Badenoch or Liz Truss tonight, leaving three. Their colleagues have scheduled an earlier vote today as the competition heats up with the weather. The 1922 Committee, which organises leadership contests, announced Tom Tugendhat would leave the race yesterday at 8pm. As the competition enters its fourth round, the committee has brought the timetable slightly forwards. Results from the next ballot will come much earlier, within the next few hours. READ MORE: Raging radio caller lays into Sunak as he snubs final leadership debate Conservative MPs have already started voting for their preferred candidates today, as the July 19 ballot opened at 12pm. They have two hours to finalise their decisions before voting closes at 2pm. Sir Graham Brady, the 1922 Committee Chair, will announce the results an hour later at 3pm. The final MP-only stage will follow a similar schedule on Wednesday, July 20. Tory members start voting after the Prime Minister has delivered his final PMQs in Parliament at 1pm. The ballot opens for two hours until 3pm before Sir Graham announces the results at 4pm. By then, the party will have settled on its final two candidates, one of whom will become the next Prime Minister. The responsibility then falls to the party's paid-up members to choose which one of those two they want to take over from Mr Johnson. When Sir Graham delivers the results on Wednesday, MPs will retire from the House of Commons for their summer recess. The final two Conservative candidates must pledge to a “condition of nomination” to avoid a situation like 2016's, when Andrea Leadsom dropped out and made Theresa May Prime Minister without a party-wide vote. Once confirmed, the candidates will use the six-week-long break to convince party members they should become the next leader. The party has scheduled up to 12 hustings over the remainder of July and August so they can appeal to the party at large. Members can grill candidates on their policies at events organised across the UK, both online and in person. The cohort of roughly 200,000 - less than 0.3 percent of the UK population - should receive a ballot by August. They can vote any time after it arrives, and the party will announce the new Prime Minister by September 5.