Successful claimants can receive up to £627 each month which could be vital with the cost of living right now. To give someone the best chance of claiming the highest level during the assessment, there are a few tips that applicants should consider. Unless someone has a terminal illness they’ll usually have to have an assessment to complete their Personal Independence Payment (PIP) application. It’s an opportunity for applicants to talk about how their condition affects them - it's not a diagnosis of their condition or a medical examination. Successful PIP claimants could receive between £24.45 and £156.90 every week. PIP is paid every four weeks so this amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every pay period. READ MORE: TV licence: Over 75s could claim free licence if they claim DWP benefit It says: “It’s a good idea to take a copy of your form with you. That way you can refer to it in the assessment and make sure you tell the assessor everything you want them to know about your condition.” It is advised that claimants should answer all of the questions on the form and fill in the extra information. This is especially necessary when someone has ticked that they have difficulty or need help with an activity. People should not be afraid to point out the obvious in the assessment. For more tips on how to fill out each question on the assessment form, claimants can visit the Citizens Advice website. Latest figures from the DWP show that three million people rely on PIP because they have a health condition or disability which affects their everyday lives. Thousands more could be missing out - either because they aren’t aware their condition qualifies for the extra help or are put off filling out the forms. While PIP was introduced in 2013 to replace the Disability Living Allowance, exactly how much someone receives depends on how much their condition affects them. As the cost of living crisis continues, and inflation sitting at nine percent, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes feeling the financial squeeze. To be eligible for PIP, people must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months. Additionally they should expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine months. Claimants usually need to have lived in the UK for at least two of the last three years and be in the country when they apply. Being eligible to apply for the award doesn't mean that one is guaranteed to receive it, the application has to be assessed against specific criteria. PIP is made up of two components: Whether someone gets one or both of these and how much depends on how severely their condition affects them. Britons will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances:Daily livingStandard rate: £61.85 Enhanced rate: £92.40MobilityStandard rate: £24.45 Enhanced rate: £64.50