Harry and Meghan Markle introduced their daughter to her namesake great-grandmother when they travelled to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reportedly wanted to bring a photographer with them to the meeting but the Queen turned down the request. Royal expert Camilla Tominey said Harry is understood to have "expressed a desire" for an official snap of the pair in the future. Writing for the Telegraph, Ms Tominey said: "The couple had hoped to bring their own photographer to capture the first meeting between the sovereign, whose family nickname is Lilibet, and her great-granddaughter. "However, the Queen personally intervened to prevent an official image being taken, apparently advising the couple that she had a bloodshot eye and did not want to feature in any pictures for public consumption. "It came after aides expressed fears that publicising a private meeting could set a dangerous precedent, not least if any photographs were shared with US television networks or Netflix, with whom the couple have signed a multi-million dollar contract. "The Duke is thought to have expressed a desire to get an official photograph of the two Lilibets together at some point in the future." The Sussexes reportedly visited the Queen just after arriving in the UK the day before Trooping the Colour, which marked the start of the bank holiday weekend. Harry and Meghan returned to Britain with their children Archie, three, and Lili, one, for the first time since Megxit for the historic Platinum Jubilee. It was the first time Lili, who was born in California, had met her great-grandmother, who she is named after. READ MORE: Meghan Markle tipped to cause 'even more headaches' to Royal Family Lilibet is the Queen's family nickname, which was first used when Princess Elizabeth was just a toddler and unable to pronounce her own name properly. The Sussexes stayed at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage during the Jubilee weekend. They threw a first birthday party for Lili during their stay which was attended by close friends and family who enjoyed a picnic, face painting and cake. Photographer and friend of the couple Misan Harriman later released a picture of Harry and Meghan's daughter. DON'T MISSRoyal Family: Meghan Markle's political dream gets major BOOSTMeghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meetingMet Police officers 'who called Meghan a golliwog' sacked He said: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." The sweet image shows the tot smiling in a pale blue dress with a white bow in her hair. Despite travelling from their Californian home for the occasion, Harry and Meghan kept a low profile and were absent from many Jubilee festivities. The couple are living in Montecito after quitting royal duties in 2020. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes.