The All England Club have released a brief statement on Nick Kyrgios facing legal proceedings about an allegation of assault back home in Australia. Kyrgios will be due in court in Canberra next month after being summoned to face a charge of common assault by a former girlfriend.  Australian Capital Territory policing confirmed on Tuesday that Kyrgios had been summoned in relation to an incident from last December. “ACT policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT magistrates court on 2 August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021,” a spokesperson said. The news comes as Kyrgios prepares for his first quarter finals at Wimbledon since 2014. And Wimbledon have confirmed his match against Cristian Garin will go ahead as planned on Court One tomorrow.  An All England Club spokesperson said: “We have been made aware of legal proceedings involving Nick Kyrgios in Australia, and as they are ongoing, we are not in a position to offer a comment. We are in touch with Nick’s team and he remains scheduled to play his quarter-final match tomorrow.” Kyrgios’s barrister, Jason Moffett, confirmed that his client was aware of the allegations. But the player's own legal team, Johanessen Legal, have released a statement of their own on what they call "inaccurate" allegations.  “Today’s media headline that Mr Kyrgios has been “charged” is inaccurate,” a statement from Johanessen Legal read. “At the present time, the allegations are not considered as fact by the Court, and Mr Kyrgios is not considered charged with an offence until the First Appearance. “Until the Court formally accepts the Prosecution will be proceeding with a charge, and that the charge before the Court is to be applied to the person summoned to appear, it may be misleading to the public to describe the Summons in any other manner than a formal direction to appear to face allegations, the precise nature of which is neither certain at this moment nor confirmed by either the Prosecution or Mr Kyrgios. “While Mr Kyrgios is committed to addressing any and all allegations once clear, taking the matter seriously does not warrant any misreading of the process Mr Kyrgios is required to follow.” 