In a world of diets it can be tricky to find the one that's right and actually works. Many people find themselves bouncing from one to another with no success or hope for reaching their weight loss goals. But there might be a reason why people's chosen diet methods aren't working. Sticking to any diet can be really hard, especially if a person is looking to lose weight. And nutrition guru Dr Michael Mosley revealed the "major problem". Dr Mosley explained: "The major problem with diets is that you feel deprived. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "That’s why people find it very difficult to stick to them. "If you just cut out whole food groups then firstly, it’s not terribly good for you. "Secondly, you’re not going to be able to sustain it." Instead, he believes the popular idea of a restrictive dieting is "all wrong". DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He advises eating differently, hailing the scientifically backed Mediterranean diet as an example. He said: "The Mediterranean diet is changing what you eat but you’re not depriving yourself. "It’s a relatively high-fat diet but it has enormous proven benefits." He has hailed it "the best diet to follow" for anyone looking to lose weight quickly and yet also stay healthy. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Eating plenty of protein is a huge part of the Mediterranean diet which consists of mostly plant-based foods, like fruits and vegetables, potatoes, whole-grains, beans, nuts, seeds and extra virgin olive oil. It usually includes a low intake of meat and dairy foods. "Switching to other forms of eating broadly, it’s a matter of changing what you eat as well as the quantities," Dr Mosley explained. The NHS states that the Mediterranean diet has been linked with good health, including a healthier heart.  This is something the diet expert agreed with this, adding: "A low carb Mediterranean diet has unique power not just to restore your body’s ability to reach its ideal weight and stay there, but also to cut your risk of serious disease. "It doesn’t come from a place of restriction but rather it’s about eating more of the right foods. "Not only will these foods keep you feeling full, but they also offer important nutrients and health benefits, and taste delicious.”