Fans are eagerly awaiting the anticipated release of Paramount Plus’ military drama SEAL Team. With season six expected to premiere in 2023, Jason Hayes star David Boreanaz sparked even more excitement with a major tease.  As season five ended on a huge cliffhanger, fans were looking forward to finding out the fate of their favourite characters. David Boreanaz who plays the Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Jason Hayes took to Instagram with a major hint about the upcoming sixth season. He posted a behind-the-scenes photo of his character, with clapperboards, captioned: “Bravo 1 ready to roll. TBT to season 1! What a ride its been. Season 6 will be even better!” (sic) Thousands of fans swarmed the actor's comments with excitement about the instalment’s release. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub     @gramsie45 wrote: “Can’t wait!! In the meantime I just finished rewatching Season 1 and am on to Season 2.” A second fan @mcapellades.design added: “Can’t wait for S6!!!! I’ll die waiting.” An eager @katanddoggy noted: “It seems like it’s taking forever!” While @lanonablu1 stated: “READY FOR THE NEW SEASON LETS GO!”   Boreanaz’s co-star Justin Melnick who portrayed the dog handler Brock Reynolds also added the frenzy as he commented: “Let’s go.” (sic) Whereas, Racheal Boston who guest-starred as Hannah Oliver in season three added a number of flame emojis in the responses. As season five premiered in 2021, the series faced a major shift as it moved from CBS to Paramount Plus. The first four episodes aired on CBS while the rest of the season continued on Paramount Plus. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone newcomer showered with support as they spark concern [INSIGHT]SEAL Team’s Ray Perry on personal struggle away from CBS role [INSIGHT]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz reveals ‘difficulty’ of role outside acting [INSIGHT]  SEAL Team didn’t go out quietly as showrunner Spencer Hunt revealed: “Not only are they going off on a mission unlike any they’ve done before, but a mission that will also include some personal elements that will impact each and every operator. “We’re going to go out with a bang for sure — and then start [on Paramount+] with an even bigger bang.” As for the finale, the future of the Bravo was left unknown after each team was faced with unexpected circumstances. Clay Spenser (Max Theriot) warned the deployment would be his last mission after he welcomed a baby with his wife Stella (Alona Tal).    The team were re-deployed to Mali where they were faced with a jaw-dropping disaster. As the group were driving to the war zone in two cars, one of them exploded while the other came under attack by armed gunmen. Shrapnel hit Spenser’s eye and Hayes was shot in the shoulder. Speaking on the cliffhanger finale, Boreanaz said: “Chris [Chulack] did such a good job at that. He’s such a good director at putting these montages together towards the end and the sequence, it was sad.” He added: “There’s such beautiful imagery in the contrast between war and what goes on at home, it’s so interesting to me and it’s so impactful, and I think he hit that really good.” SEAL Team is available on Paramount Plus in the US and available on Sky Max in the UK   