Battling with cancer, Graham Collinson says he only wanted to build a "small bungalow" for his family to live in, but his plans for a glass-fronted, timber-clad clifftop home were rejected by his local council, Teesside Live reports. Graham's designs for a modern, timber-clad house in the garden of his home, overlooking the Whitby shoreline, were branded 'incongruous' by Scarborough Council. The 64-year-old has argued that the development on Mulgrave Road would not have become another holiday let. Yet, despite this, his plan has still received a number of objections, as residents claimed the stretch overlooking the beach is "starting to look like millionaire's row" with all the development that's going on. Mr Collinson now says he's "looking at all options" for the site and may even "end up selling to a developer". "This is the best building plot in Whitby," he explained. "The simple fact is, this is a house that's 100 years old and no longer fit for purpose. We wanted to do a self-build, a more modern bungalow in the garden but as it is, that's been knocked back. "This is such a magnificent site. It's a third of an acre on the clifftop. A developer would love it. They built 10 houses around the corner on something that's smaller than this.  "I've got cancer and this is too much for me now - way too much. My mum is 92, she lives downstairs and has health problems. Our yearly energy bill for the property is about £24,000 and it takes a lot of work, with my illness, to keep up with the gardens. "We are just a small family with a big house. People look at it and think it's iconic, in actual fact it's just a large house. And large houses come with large bills. After 100 years of service, maybe it's had enough."  Planners said the new design, while "unique", was not "innovative" enough for such a highly visible site. They claimed it was 'incongruous' with Viking Lodge, Mr Collinson's current home, and the properties nearby. Objectors say its glass and timber, flat-roof design is "not in keeping" with the surrounding area and Mr Collinson should concentrate on redeveloping the existing house, which is "in a state of disrepair". "This is going to make steam come out of locals' ears," one Whitby resident said, prior to the application being refused. "They don't like this new 'breed' of house which is starting to go up on the clifftop; big boxy and full of glass. It is starting to look like millionaires' row up there and they are not happy." Despite living at Viking Lodge for 42 years, Mr Collinson says he is "not wedded" to the place and is prepared to "look at all options". "It's been refused, so we move on. If a developer comes along and wants to buy the site, we are quite happy to discuss it with them.  "It's ripe for development - it will be developed I'm sure, whether it's our family that does it or someone else. The comments I saw didn't raise any planning issues. People aren't entitled to a view, you can't turn down a planning application because it's going to block your view. "In actual fact, it wouldn't have spoiled anyone's views. Nimbyism is high on the agenda. Whoever objected is entitled to their opinion. "It's one of the biggest houses on the Yorkshire coast. In its day it was probably a good design but from 1930 to now, things have changed.  "The biggest problem up here is how people use the houses, they're empty for ten months of the year. I've lived here and brought my family up here. We don't want to encourage second home ownership, we'd rather see a community and young families. "At my age and with my illness, I have to look at things in a different way. Some people get upset about these things. For me, life goes on. I've got more important things to worry about." 