Visceral fat specifically is stored deep inside the belly, meaning you often can’t see it. It wraps around your organs, including the liver and intestines and can be dangerous if you have too much of it. Visceral fat is known to raise your risk for serious medical issues such as heart disease, Alzheimer’s, type 2 diabetes, stroke, and high cholesterol. Speaking to Express.co.uk, registered dietician and fitness expert for JustCBD - Nataly Komova - shared her best food hacks for shedding visceral fat. She recommended peanuts as the best appetite suppressant. “Peanuts are an excellent source of fibre, proteins, and heart-healthy fats (think monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fats),” she said. “All these suppress your appetite and increase the feeling of satiety, making you eat less.  READ MORE: Bowel cancer symptoms: The feeling just 'before' opening your bowels that's a major sign “This makes it easy to lose or maintain weight.” There are other health benefits to eating peanuts, 200 grams of which can be bought at Asda for 80p - making a 50 gram serving just 20p. Nataly explained: “Besides the aforementioned nutrients, peanuts are loaded with flavonoids, phytosterols, phenolic acids, and resveratrol. “These compounds lower the risk of cancer and cardiovascular disease, making you live longer.  “The amino acid tryptophan in peanuts increases the production and release of a feel-good chemical called serotonin. “Higher serotonin levels boost your mood.” She added: “Vitamin E and B vitamins in peanuts are associated with healthy skin. “Vitamin E, in particular, prevents skin inflammation that is tied to a number of issues, including itching, dryness, redness, swelling, and sensitivity.” READ MORE: Covid: Doctor on the symptom unique to Omicron variants - extends to 'tip' of nose Exercise is also “key” to shifting fat. Nataly added: “I strongly suggest combining the above drinks and foods with these exercises: brisk walking, jogging and running.” WebMD says there’s “no way” to know “where and how much visceral fat is hidden in your body” without expensive imaging tests. But it is possible to get a “rough estimate”.  It says: "Wrap a tape measure around your waist over your belly button (don’t suck in your stomach.) “In women, 35 inches or more is a sign of visceral fat. “In men, it’s 40 inches. “Warning - this is a crude tool, especially if you’re a very big person.” 