The third-in-line to the throne has several hobbies and passions in common with his father the Duke of Cambridge, a source has claimed. The similarities they share, they added, bring Prince George very close to his father Prince William. The source told Us Weekly: "[Prince George] He’s definitely a daddy’s boy. "It’s not just their physical resemblance, they’ve got a ton of the same interests and hobbies in common – even helicopters!" Prince William himself opened up on his eldest son's love for aircraft during a visit to London's Air Ambulance Charity in January 2019. There, the Duke was given a toy helicopter, which he described as a great present for his son. William joked: "I can't go back without a helicopter for George, I’d be in trouble." Prior to becoming a full-time working royal in the summer of 2017, Prince William was a helicopter pilot part of the RAF Search & Rescue team. After leaving this post in 2015, he became a pilot at the East Anglian Air Ambulance for two years. But the two future kings don't share an interest only in helicopters. READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims Both Prince William and Prince George love football among other sports. While the Duke of Cambridge is known to be a fan of Aston Villa, his son has been rumoured to be a supporter of Chelsea FC. However, when the two princes were spotted at Carrow Road watching a football match between Villa and Norfolk in October 2019, the little Cambridge could barely contain his joy at every goal scored by his father's favourite team. Prince William spoke about not influencing his son and heir when it comes to football in July 2020, as he appeared in the Peter Crouch Podcast. He said: "I’m letting [George] choose his [favourite team in his] own way. It’s about finding what fits for him. "I do like the values and the ethos of the [Aston Villa soccer] club. "I want them to look after the players and set a good example to the young fans." Prince George has been increasingly under the spotlight over the past months by making a number of public appearances. In July last year, the third-in-line accompanied twice Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, to Wembley Stadium to watch EURO 2020 matches. While he thoroughly enjoyed these events as a football fan, the young royal attended them in an official capacity, standing near Prime Minister Boris Johnson and foreign dignitaries. In February, after it was announced Kate had become the patron of the Rugby Football Union (RFU), the Duke and Duchess were accompanied by George at Twickenham Stadium to watch England clash with Wales at a Six Nations match. Prior to the game, the young royal also followed his parents in meeting officials from the RFU and Wales Rugby Union (WRU). Most recently, the young royal made his debut at Wimbledon as he joined William and Kate to watch the men's singles final match between Nick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic. Following the match, George met seven time-champion Djokovic and, despite appearing quite awestruck, he looked all grown up as he shook his hand and congratulated him on his latest victory. Last month, George marked a personal first alongside his younger sister Princess Charlotte, as, in the midst of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, they travelled to Cardiff Castle with their parents to meet well-wishers and some of the people organising the local Jubilee concert. This marked the siblings' first official visit to Wales.