Below Deck Med is back for season seven, having returned to Bravo at the weekend and already, fans are calling for one of its stars to be fired. If they were to be 'thrown overboard', this wouldn't be the first time a crew member has been removed and most likely won't be the last. Reality show fanatics will recall deckhand Pete Hunziker suddenly being wiped out of season five entirely. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Below Deck Mediterranean.Pete Hunziker was set to be one of the big stars of Below Deck Mediterranean season five, getting into arguments within the first few episodes. He was told off by Captain Sandy Yawn for inappropriate comments he made to bosun Malia White, referring to her as "sweetie". Pete was in the first three episodes of Below Deck Med in 2020 but Bravo decided to cut ties with the star. While the whole series had already been filmed, the network had to edit him out of the remainder of the show. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ Pete Hunziker was fired from Below Deck Med after a racist and sexist social media post was discovered. The post was a degrading meme showing various images but following his removal from the show, Pete deleted his account. A statement released at the time by Bravo and 51 Minds said: “Peter Hunziker of Below Deck Mediterranean has been terminated for his racist post. “Bravo and 51 Minds are editing the show to minimize his appearance for subsequent episodes.”     The network also removed Vanderpump Rules actors Stassi Schroeder, Kristen Doute, Max Boyens and Brett Caprioni from the reality series for "racist actions". Raygan Tyler in season seven could be the next star to be fired, according to fans as she failed to impress in the premiere episode. When she and Jason Gaskell had to take responsibility for maintaining the boat while others were in isolation due to COVID-19, Raygan left many of the jobs up to him. So could this be the beginning of the end for Raygan's journey in Below Deck Med? Below Deck Med season 7 continues every Monday at 8pm on Bravo.