Leeds United are closing in on Paris Saint-Germain youngster Arnaud Kalimuendo, according to reports. The Whites have effectively been forced to switch focus with chances of signing first-choice striker target Charles De Ketelaere slipping away, and with Kalimuendo believed to be warming to the idea of a Premier League switch, his arrival at Elland Road may not be too far away. Jesse Marsch and transfer chief Victor Orta were always likely to pursue another option up top this summer after Patrick Bamford spent the majority of last season out injured. With the Englishman a proven Premier League goal-scorer in his own right, Leeds have mostly been linked to young players who may be content to work their way into the side. De Ketelaere enjoyed a breakthrough season at Club Brugge last time out, scoring 18 goals in all competitions. The Whites tabled a whopping £31.5million bid to try and acquire him this summer, but with Serie A champions AC Milan also in the mix, the Belgian's preference soon became clear. Leeds now seem to have moved onto a back-up option that would cost just over half the price. According to The Independent, a £17m bid is being weighed up by Kalimuendo and PSG, with sources close to the deal describing it as 'likely'. JUST IN: Chelsea deal for Jules Kounde takes another twist after Barcelona announcement The 20-year-old will have had to put extra thought into the decision after reports stated that new PSG boss Christophe Galtier was impressed with what he had seen in pre-season. But having signed fellow young striker Hugo Ekitike already, opportunities would likely be limited during the upcoming campaign. While there is still time for rival bids to come in for Kalimuendo, the Whites supposedly look 'increasingly attractive' after bringing in a raft of new signings. The France U21 international would prospectively join up with Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams and Brenden Aaronson among six others that have arrived at Elland Road this summer.  Despite his age, Kalimuendo has spent the past two seasons playing regular top-flight football with Lens. The first spell saw him bag seven goals in Ligue 1, and he kicked things up a notch last year with an impressive return of 12 goals in 32 matches. He has spent a decade on PSG's books, making four senior appearances in total. Leeds have already auctioned off two of their best players this summer in Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha, raising significant sums in the process. Jack Harrison has also been linked with an exit after Newcastle reportedly submitted an opening bid, but former Whites striker Robbie Fowler has urged caution on such a risky transfer strategy. "From a Leeds point of view, yes [letting go of both players is a mistake]," he told Express Sport. "You want to keep hold of your good players. Man City have signed a great player [in Phillips] who’s proven in the Premier League, and I think that’s why they wanted to bring him in. The price they paid for him is relatively cheap for an England international, we’ve seen in the past how expensive some of those players are. "We don’t know the situation in terms of his contract, whether he asked for a transfer or whether his contract was coming to an end. Man City have signed a good player. A bit of money for Leeds and hopefully they can strengthen in other areas as well."