Nancy, from London, was one among several Britons to share their views on the Tory leadership race with Express.co.uk. She bluntly told us she "would vote Labour" if Sir Keir was not in charge of the party. "I don't trust him," she added. Resigned to Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, Nancy has no doubt: "I would go for Rishi Sunak, definitely." Polling of Tory members by YouGov published on Thursday put Mr Sunak significantly behind Ms Truss, with the Foreign Secretary leading the race 62 percent to 38 percent. Yet, history has made the 46-year-old MP for South West Norfolk a no-go for Nancy. She said: "Liz would be like another [Marghret] Thatcher. It's no good." Comparisons with the Iron Lady have been widespread and, according to Ms Truss, are unfair. Denying that she has been modelling herself on the former prime minister, the foreign secretary suggested drawing parallels to the former Tory leader was a sexist attitude. She told GB News: "It is quite frustrating that female politicians always get compared to Margaret Thatcher, whereas male politicians don't get compared to Ted Heath." READ MORE: Tory Leadership polls – Who is the favourite right now? Then, speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, she stressed: "I am my own person. "I'm from a very different background. I grew up in Yorkshire. I went to a comprehensive school. I am somebody who has worked all my life to get things done. And that's what I want to do in the job." Taking part in a Channel 4 event last week Ms Truss opted for a black blazer over a white blouse featuring a bow tie across the neck. Ms Thatcher, who was Prime Minister from 1979 to 1990 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990, wore a strikingly similar outfit at the time. Made up of a white blouse that tied in a large bow at the neck under a black blazer, the attire made rounds on social media last week. In November last year, when Ms Truss donned military gear to pose in an army tank while visiting British troops in Estonia, the public unsurprisingly jumped to compare her with Ms Thatcher too. Nancy, speaking from Lewisham, insisted: "Thatcher. That's all it reminds me of, Thatcher. She made everything rough. "I hope [Sunak] gets it, the carer replied, saying the former chancellor "is a smart bloke, smarter than Boris [Johnson] as well." Still, she would not have made the outgoing Prime Minister quit, she clarified: "He liked the job. He was good at it. He gives you a giggle. "He was a bit of an idiot but he was okay. "He got Brexit done. He has done what he said he would do." For Rob, 30, it was "about time" Mr Johnson went. DON'T MISS'UK needs someone who voted for Brexit' Sunak's brazen speech [INSIGHT]Starmer's plot to seize on Tory leadership chaos FAILING [ANALYSIS]Should Boris Johnson be given a cabinet position under new PM? [POLL] As to who should succeed him, the self-employed Briton did not hesitate: "It's got to be Rishi Sunak. We're used to what he delivers anyway." When asked about Ms Truss, he said had "no clue" of who she was before the Tory leadership race began, whereas Mr Sunak, he feels, "was around". He told us: "It's just familiarity. "He is a face we're used to. "If it's got to be one or the other, it may as well be him." Tory members appear to think otherwise. Polling by YouGov published on Thursday put Ms Truss significantly ahead of Mr Sunak in the race, by 62 percent to 38 percent. Meanwhile, a survey from Redfield and Wilton Strategies published on Saturday suggests the Foreign Secretary would give the Conservative Party a better chance to win the next general election. Some 32 percent of voters — and 58 percent of those backing the Tories in the 2019 general election — said they could see themselves supporting the Conservatives under Ms Truss's leadership, compared to 28 percent, including 52 percent of 2019 Tories, who favoured Mr Sunak. 25 percent of those who voted Conservative under Mr Johnson's leadership in the last general election said they could not see themselves doing so with the former chancellor at the helm, while 19 percent of 2019 Tories would not support a Truss-led party. With ballot papers expected to drop in the next few days, the two contenders will take part in 12 hustings across the country before a result is announced on September 5.