As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills rise, many pensioners may be feeling the financial squeeze. Now more than ever if an important time for all Britons who are on low incomes to check what benefits they may be entitled to as the extra money could be vital in the next few months. Approximately 3.4million people who have reached state pension age are missing out on Attendance Allowance alone. Attendance Allowance is designed to help those with the additional costs that arise from having a long-term health condition or illness. The maximum amount someone can claim from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) payment is £370 a month. On its website, the DWP breaks down how someone on the state pension could be eligible for Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: Dragons' Den cast hysterical at pitch for £50,000 - 'Most ridiculous idea I’ve ever heard'  Pensioners will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Claimants on the highest award could be eligible for £369.60 each month. Any money received from Attendance Allowance will be paid directly into the state pensioner’s bank or building society account. Someone can spend the money however they choose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: 500,000 people missing out on £279 a month - are you eligible? Britons should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they don’t currently get that help. This might include: Additionally, if someone has difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take a long time to complete, they experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. To make a claim, Britons will need to complete the application form online, over the phone, or through the post. More details can be found at the Government website. Those claiming the DWP payment could also be eligible for additional support through benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction.