Jose Mourinho once asked for Djed Spence’s shirt ahead of the game that might have persuaded Tottenham to sign the talented wing-back. The 21-year-old starred for Middlesbrough in an FA Cup game against Mourinho’s Spurs in January 2020 - and the now-Roma boss made a touching gesture before the clash. Spence had only recently broken into the Middlesbrough team when they travelled to Premier League Spurs for the fixture. But the England Under-21 defender already knew Mourinho because he previously played with the Portuguese’ son in Fulham’s academy. Mourinho made sure to get Spence’s shirt as the two teams headed onto the pitch to warm up ahead of the game, which Spurs won 2-1. Spence performed well, though, and it is likely the first time that he caught the eye of the North Londoners, who have paid an initial £12.5million to secure his signature. “I was standing in the tunnel waiting to go out for the warm-up and he tapped me. He said ‘hey kid’ and it took me by surprise. Then he said ‘my son wants your shirt.’ I was trying to act professional but I was like ‘what is going on?’ It was a crazy feeling,” Spence reflected to The Athletic about being approached by Mourinho. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte suffers blow as target 'refuses' move “I know his son. Before the game he asked for my top to give to his son. He told me after the game that I was doing really well and to keep it up. “It was a humbling experience in a great stadium. It felt like playing in the Champions League when I walked out and the lights were flashing. Knowing my family was there watching me, my mum, my dad and my uncle to watch it and being there. “Some of these players are Champions League finalists so it was a great experience playing against some great players and especially against Ryan [Sessegnon] who I played with at Fulham.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte set to seal sixth signing in '48 hours'Spurs may have Kounde transfer plan wrecked if Chelsea clinch Ake dealMan Utd's Marcus Rashford aims brutal 'history' dig at Man City Spence, whose mother is a Spurs fan, added: “You can’t say no to Mourinho!” Antonio Conte made the attacking full-back a top target in a bid to upgrade on Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal at wing-back. Despite Spence’s good performance for Boro against Spurs, it was at Nottingham Forest where he rose to prominence last season. Then-Boro boss Neil Warnock was unsure about Spence’s ability and made him available for loan, only for the south Londoner to become the Championship’s best right-back at Forest. He scored three goals and provided a further five assists in all competitions. Signing Spence will continue busy summer transfer window for Spurs and Conte. Keen to improve after qualifying for the Champions League for the first time since 2020. Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and Clement Lenglet have all arrived at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.