Manifest fans have been through an ordeal recently after the supernatural series was cancelled by NBC. The TV show's cast and crew fought tooth and nail for the popular series to be picked up by another platform. Thankfully Netflix saved the show for a fourth season, but is this the last one? Manifest first aired in September 2018 and it follows passengers on board a plane that disappears for more than five years. The popular series was cancelled by NBC in June 2021, after three seasons. The show had been added to Netflix just before it was axed, and it went down a huge hit with viewers. This prompted the streaming service to revive the series for another season. Series four is likely to air towards the end of 2022, but an official release date has not yet been announced. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Fans may be sad to hear the 20-episode season, which will be split into parts, will be the show's last. Season four is providing an opportunity for the characters' storylines to come to a satisfying end. The show's creator, Jeff Rake, was determined to finish the story off one way or another. He had considered making a film, but he eventually closed a deal with Netflix for another season. Josh Dallas and Melissa Roxburgh are to reprise their roles for the final outing. The #SaveManifest movement on social media had a huge impact on viewership when the series first arrived on Netflix. Bela Bajaria, Netflix Head of Global TV, said at the time: "Since its premiere on Netflix in June, Manifest has proven very popular with our members. "Jeff Rake and his team have crafted a beguiling mystery that has viewers around the world on the edge of their seats and believing again in second chances, and we’re thrilled that they will bring fans some closure with this final super-sized season.” The pickup by Netflix will provide all the answers viewers need following the premature ending. Many questions were still up in the air as the series was expected to run for about six seasons. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil shut down by Jacob Rees-Mogg in probe over Tory leader [VIDEO]Manifest season 4: All we know so far about the Netflix revival [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4 release: Creator sparks frenzy with cryptic post [DISCUSSION] Rake said: “Never in my wildest dreams could I have envisioned the worldwide outpouring of love and support for this story, its characters, and the team who work so hard to bring it all to life. "That we will be able to reward the fans with the ending they deserve moves me to no end. "On behalf of the cast, the crew, the writers, directors, and producers, thank you to Netflix, to Warner Bros., and of course to the fans. You did this.” He indicated the first batch of episodes will air in November, but this is yet to be confirmed. A trailer has now been released for the final season and it shows Roxburgh's character Michaela Stone investigating some shipping containers. She locates a cargo ship called Cherry Blossoms and a bright light is coming from one of the containers. After opening a container with cherry blossoms on the front, a hand reaches out and grabs her. The message 'Stone 828' has been carved onto the man's arm, and this message remains a mystery. He could be one of the Flight 828 passengers the main characters are yet to meet. Fans will have to wait and see what role the mystery man plays.  Manifest season 4 is coming to Netflix later in 2022.