Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will have the final say on whether the club pursues a move for Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. Ronaldo has told United he wants to leave this summer and Chelsea are one of the clubs linked with his signature. The Blues' new owner Todd Boehly held talks with the Portugal forward's agent Jorge Mendes last month. One of the topics discussed was regarding the availability of Ronaldo this summer. Ronaldo has since made his desire of finding a new club clear. He wants to continue to play in the Champions League, a competition United will not be in this season. Chelsea's interest so far has been driven by Boehly, and Tuchel is not thought to be as keen as the American in signing the 37-year-old. But talkSPORT claims it will not be Boehly who has the final say. READ MORE: Man Utd told to sign Cristiano Ronaldo's former team-mate in attempt to keep superstar  Tuchel will instead make the final decision because he is leading the club's recruitment this summer. Marina Granovskaia, Petr Cech and Bruce Buck have all left their roles at Chelsea in recent weeks. Granovskaia in particular was crucial in the signing of players. But for the time being Tuchel is in charge and he will decide if he wants to pursue Ronaldo further. Tuchel's top attacking target is Raheem Sterling and a deal could be finalised for the Manchester City star this week. But Chelsea are in need of a striker following Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan on loan. Ronaldo was United's leading goalscorer in all competitions last season. He scored 24 times, more than double the next top scorer Bruno Fernandes. DON'T MISSMan Utd's five-year plan finally comes to fruition after Christian Eriksen U-turnTottenham sweating on £20m deal for 'next Virgil van Dijk' after West Ham developmentTottenham boss Antonio Conte has four options as Christian Eriksen 'agrees' Man Utd move  Former Chelsea forward Tony Cascarino believes United may be better off without Ronaldo and says his rivalry with Lionel Messi will have had an impact in the decision. Cascarino said: "Ronaldo as a player has always had an ego where a lot of it's about him, but teams have been successful. So you always go with that as a team. "Yeah great, he scores all his goals, he gets the accolades, he's one of the greatest to have played the game, you can have all that. And that's fine, as long as you're winning. But when you don't win, now you've got a problem. "I said to you off air I'm a bit suspicious because he's got 141 goals in the Champions League, Lionel Messi's got 125. He doesn't not want to play Champions League football because he wants to be the greatest Champions League goalscorer of all time. That's how Ronaldo's made."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here