Max Verstappen could soon find himself racing under new owners after Red Bull received an offer to acquire a 50 per-cent stake in the Formula 1 team. According to reports, Porsche have stated their intention to lodge an offer which would see them join forces with F1's leading constructor. Documents published by Morocco’s Conseil de la Concurrence, whose approval was believed to be a key obstacle to overcome in any deal between Porsche and Red Bull, have revealed Porsche's intention to acquire a 50 per cent stake in Red Bull’s team. VW Group’s former CEO Herbert Diess had previously explained that Porsche and Audi had decided to enter F1, although the motoring giant is yet to officially announce or comment on their entry into F1. A report from Austrian outlet Motorsport-Total claimed that the documents were lodged ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix, situated at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg, which is owned by the company. READ MORE: Mercedes and Ferrari deny claims of tactics to break up Red Bull deal Those documents reportedly contain information relating to Porsche’s intent to purchase control equating to half of Red Bull Technology Ltd, which could be one of the biggest deals seen in F1 relating to team ownership since Mercedes took control of the Brawn team in 2009. And that deal would allow the two companies to work together to manufacture a power unit in time for the 2026 season, when more regulation changes are expected. According to Autosport, its sister team AlphaTauri is likely to also compete with Porsche power once the deal goes through. The team, managed by team principal Christian Horner, were forced to find a new engine provider after Honda decided to pull out of the sport in 2021. At present, the engine that powers Verstappen and Sergio Perez’s respective cars is designed by Red Bull Powertrains. DON'T MISSHorner shuns Perez in Verstappen Red Bull confessionHorner refuses to compare Verstappen to anyone in 'evolving' claimHorner brands Wolff intentions 'illegal' as F1 bosses turn hostile Porsche have raced in F1 before back in the early 1960s but the German sportscar giant withdrew and haven’t been involved since. However, their entry in the sport alongside Audi now looks to be taking shape. Red Bull’s stock has risen significantly over the past 18 months following their enthralling title battle with Mercedes in the 2021 which saw Verstappen crowned the drivers’ champion — ending Mercedes’ eight-year grip on the trophy. The Silver Arrows ended up winning the constructors’ title, but Red Bull are set to take their crown from them this season with an 82-point gap to nearest challengers Ferrari. The team secured lucrative sponsorship deals which covered their yearly budget for the 2022 season, having sold naming rights to Oracle for (£246.7million) $300m.