Stranger Things season four, volume two is finally on Netflix and fans were treated to two bumper instalments. The new episodes picked up directly after the events of part one, with Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour) and Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) stuck in Russia and the rest of the gang trying to kill Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). There were some epic moments in the final two instalments and fans are keen to know if Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) died. The new Stranger Things episodes included some harrowing moments as the gang put their lives on the line to kill Vecna. The evil demon released Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) back into the real world so she could tell the others about what she had seen. Whilst Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) was away rediscovering her powers, Nancy and the rest of the gang came up with a plan to take down Vecna. In the final episode, Max agreed to let Vecna back into her mind in order to trap him. El, who had managed to escape the lab, said she would also enter Max's mind so she could reach Vecna and kill him. READ MORE: Raphael Luce age: How old is Stranger Things’ young Henry Creel star? The gang's plan seemed to be going well as, back at Creel House, Vecna managed to locate Max. She was able to transport herself to a happy place, but Vecna managed to infiltrate her memory. Just as viewers thought he had won, Eleven managed to locate Max and take down Vecna. However, he was too strong for her and ended up trapping El, forcing her to watch as he planned to kill Max. Just as she thought she had lost everything, she could hear Mike Wheeler's (Finn Wolfhard) voice reassuring her. Using all the strength she could muster with Mike's support, she managed to force Vecna away from Max. Sadly for Max, Vecna had already managed to break one of her arms, one of her legs, and take away her sight. Once back in the real world, she appeared to die in Lucas Sinclair's (Caleb McLaughlin) arms. Later on in the episode, El was seen telling Max it was not time for her to die yet. She used her powers to bring Max back, and the timeline skips ahead to two days later. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown ‘nervous’ for season 4 reactions [INSIGHT] Stranger Things: Who is Joseph Quinn's character Eddie based on? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [INSIGHT] Back in Hawkins, Lucas is seen reading to Max, who is in a coma in hospital. El asked Lucas when she was expected to wake up, and Lucas said she may never awaken. Eleven took Max's hand, reassuring her she was there by her side, and they would remain hopeful that she would one day recover. Max was prepared to die for her friends, saying she had escaped Vecna once and she would try to do it again. Sadly the darkness was too strong for her to block out and she succumbed to Vecna's power. The series has been renewed for a fifth season, so there is a chance Max will come out of her coma. She is still alive by the end of season four, but only just, and she may not be able to fight alongside her friends in the final battle. Although Nancy, Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) and Robyn Buckley (Maya Hawke) managed to weaken Vecna, he too is still alive. Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) warned he would be back, and will not give up until he has destroyed Hawkins once and for all.  Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now.