Britons struggling with money in 2022 have received a warning today, as their homes may be losing them more. Poorly maintained properties may be creating a leak in people's household finances, local government representatives have said. The cost of living squeeze has already left people hundreds of pounds worse off in 2022, and "leaky homes" could reportedly cost them hundreds more. The Local Government Association (LGA), which represents 350 English and Welsh councils, said households are paying £770million a year to heat properties without adequate insulation. The LGA based its conclusions on current energy prices, with draughty windows, walls and doors leaking heat through unsealed crevices. The organisation said up to three million Britons may be living with issues like these, given the UK's significant number of older homes. Altogether, they are paying an additional £250 for heating costs they could otherwise avoid. READ MORE: What to do if you can't pay your energy bill - expert advice The extra costs will add to an already crushing weight for British billpayers, who are anticipating a second price cap adjustment this year. The Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (OFGEM) raised the cap by £693 in February this year up to a new £1,971 maximum. Experts believe a second adjustment will push that up by 51 percent in October by more than £1,000 to £2,980. People paying the maximum allowed and living on a property with inadequate insulation may have to shoulder bills upwards of £3,230 a year. David Renard, the LGA's environment spokesperson, said the Government must step in to ease that burden. He said: “So many homes are leaking more and more money as energy prices increase. “Investment now will save households further down the line, ease the cost of living crisis and mean families have added security and flexibility within their budgets.” People can determine household insulation levels by looking at their home's Energy Performance Certificate (EPC). Property managers must supply an NPC whenever a home or flat is built, sold or rented. They split energy ratings into seven lettered bands from most to least efficient, measured by Standard Assessment Procedure (SAP) points. The bands include: Band A: 92 to 100 SAP points Band B: 81 to 91 SAP points Band C: 69 to 80 SAP points Band D: 55 to 68 SAP points Band E: 39 to 54 SAP points Band F: 21 to 38 SAP points Band G: 1 to 20 SAP points EPC ratings depend on insulation, meaning people can raise theirs by bolstering their windows, walls and boilers. EDF Energy suggests people install double glazing, loft and wall insulation and boiler replacement. Solar panels and an efficient secondary heating source such as a wood-burning stove instead of an open fireplace can also help.