John McEnroe believes that Rafael Nadal answered any questions surrounding his foot injury during his fourth-round match with Botic van de Zandschulp. The Spaniard won a long rally that excited the Wimbledon crowd and prompted the American pundit to claim that Nadal has responded to his critics. Just two games into the first set, both Nadal and Van de Zandschulp did well to keep the point alive before Nadal lobbed the Dutchman, who skewed his return as the 37-year-old won the point to huge cheers on Centre Court. “We talked in the opening about how his foot was doing,” McEnroe said during the BBC’s commentary. “Well, I think he answered that question. It was an incredible recovery from what he talked about at the French [Open], just finessing the ball beautifully there.” Nadal admitted he was receiving painkillers during his French Open victory and could not feel his foot during matches, and claimed he would not compete at Wimbledon if he had to take a painkilling injection again despite being on for a Calendar Slam. The 22-time Grand Slam winner experiences pain in his foot due to his chronic condition Mueller-Weiss syndrome and needed radiofrequency ablation treatment, which has allowed his foot to heal in time for the SW19 tournament. JUST IN: Wimbledon drama as Alex de Minaur left bleeding vs Cristian Garin Nadal opened up after the French Open on the work he had to do behind the scenes in order to compete. "Everybody knows in the world of tennis that the preparation was not ideal," he told Eurosport. "I have been outside of the practice courts for one month and a half with a stress fracture on the rib. "And then I have the foot that is something that stays there all the time. In Rome it was very difficult. But I've had my doctor here with me and we played with no feeling in the foot. We played with an injection in the nerve so that the foot was asleep so that's why I was able to play." DON'T MISSKyrgios urged to be more like Nadal as Aussie struggles with injuryKyrgios' Wimbledon injury woes continue as star gets medical time outKyrgios seeks medical attention during Wimbledon clash in injury scare There had even been fears that Nadal would retire due to the pain in his foot, and the Spaniard even admitted that he came close to retiring weeks before Wimbledon. "My philosophy is [a] couple of weeks ago I was close to it [retirement]," Nadal said. "Now I don't feel that way. That's my philosophy. "It's something that I am not, I never had fear about that day. I think I am happy that I had a very happy life outside of tennis, even if tennis is a very important part of my life for the last 30 years. "I have been happy outside of tennis, without a doubt. I have a lot of things that I like to do away from tennis, so I am not worried about that. But, of course, when that day arrives, [it is] going to be a change. All the changes in this life takes a while. You need to adapt to the changes.”