Barcelona star Memphis Depay has no interest in leaving the club despite links to Manchester United and Tottenham, according to reports. The Netherlands international only moved to the Nou Camp 12 months ago. But with the La Liga giants bolstering their attack, he may struggle for regular action ahead of the World Cup in Qatar later in the year. Depay joined Barcelona as a replacement for Lionel Messi, who joined Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer last summer. And he did well throughout his first season at the club, scoring 12 goals and registering two assists from 28 league matches. Since Depay’s move to Barcelona, however, the La Liga side have landed four new attackers while also tying Ousmane Dembele down to a new contract. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres joined back in January from Arsenal and Manchester City respectively. And, since then, Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski have been recruited from Leeds and Bayern Munich. Now, Sport say Depay has no interest in leaving Barcelona because he’s settled in the city and happy in his current environment. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Barcelona are putting pressure on the 28-year-old to leave, with the club eager to raise funds so they can comply with Financial Fair Play rules and regulations. Xavi will supposedly talk with Depay and make clear that he won’t get the same game time he was afforded last term. But Depay and his lawyers have made clear the Netherlands international wants to stay and see out his contract. The former United winger has a year left on his current deal, having penned a two-year contract upon moving from Lyon last year. Barcelona reportedly want a fee close to £17million for Depay. And it’ll be interesting to see what happens, with the Catalan giants putting a deadline of 15 days when it comes to clarifying the player’s future. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have been linked with their former No 7 at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s future is hanging in the balance. Ronaldo wants to play for a team who have Champions League football to offer, having never graced the Europa League over the course of his glittering career. Yet while United have been impressed by Depay’s improvement since his time at Old Trafford, Antony appears to be their priority. Tottenham, too, are potential suitors for the Barcelona star. However, Antonio Conte’s side appear to have other objectives at the current moment in time. Meanwhile, speaking last year, Depay opened up on his disastrous spell at United and why it went wrong. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team In May, he said:  “[Lyon] will be in my heart, a part of my life. I thought about adding a tattoo: a souvenir or a date. Coming here was a great decision. "People would say to me: ‘But why are you leaving Manchester United? A new coach will arrive, you in the biggest club in the world…’ "In their place, I would have been sad to see a player wasting good years by staying at a big club and playing too little. "There, I lost my joy, and my football. Here, I found them.” Then, in August, he said: "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here