Russia's violence in Ukraine is not letting up after the country's forces hit the port city of Odesa. The attack came a day after a deal was reached between Kyiv and Moscow to allow Ukrainian exports of grain from the Black Sea to resume. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky called Russia's assault "cynical" and described it as "barbarism". Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov defended the attack today, claiming it was aimed at military infrastructure. Fighting has also continued in the east of Ukraine, but one military expert believes Russia is facing a big problem. General Sir Richard Barrons, former commander of the joint UK forces, told Times Radio that Vladimir Putin's forces are running out of soldiers. He said: "Russia has occupied about 25 percent of Ukraine having sat on about seven percent of it when the war started in February. "What's playing out in front of us is probably the defining conflict of the 21st century so far...so we should be very closely interested in the outcome. It is finely balanced. "From the Russian perspective, because they keep calling it a special military operation and don't politically want to mobilise their civil society, they are really scratching around for people and pulling in new battalions of volunteers who have no more than 30 days of military training. "That's a clear sign of running out of places to find people. "They have expended a huge amount of ammunition and equipment, they have taken enormous casualties. Unless they were to change that and mobilise, they probably don't have the capacity this year to get a whole lot further than they have now unless the Ukrainians give way. "And the Ukrainians are not about to give way, but they haven't found a way to stop this grinding Russian advance." Last week, the US claimed Russia is losing hundreds of men a day. A senior US defence official told Reuters that among the losses are lieutenants and captains. READ MORE: 'Putin's Angels' Anti-Ukraine biker gang targeted by EU They believe 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine. This could worsen with Ukraine expected to launch a counteroffensive. Ukrainian military officials believe they can retake the city of Kherson in the south of the country. Sergiy Khlan, an aide to the administrative head of the Kherson region, told his country's media on Sunday: “We can say that a turning point has occurred on the battlefield. We are switching from defensive to counteroffensive actions. “We can say that the Kherson region will definitely be liberated by September, and all the occupiers’ plans will fail." DON'T MISS'Doomed' Russian forces face wipeout in Kherson pocket [INSIGHT]Putin accused of 'body double' bluff in meeting with Turkey's Erdogan [ANALYSIS]'Nobody is safe!' Leader of country Putin could target next 'worried' [INSIGHT] The conflict is having a widespread impact, not just in Ukraine, but also in Europe. As western allies sanction Russia for the invasion, Putin has retaliated by slashing his country's supply of gas to Europe. Today, the Russian President blocked the movement of gas through the Nord Stream having only just restarted it. Europe is already concerned it could have to ration usage amid fears of a blackout this winter. Last week, Germany had to bail out Uniper to the tune of £12.5billion after the company was significantly impacted by the row over gas.