Jay (played by Jamie Borthwick) has been in a relationship with Honey (Emma Barton) for a few years, and they have been going strong. However, the EastEnders couple could be torn apart after a night out without Honey might cause Jay to realise he is interested in Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis). Could the two start a secret affair on the BBC soap? Official EastEnders spoilers confirm that Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) will hand Jay a suitcase of Ben Mitchell's (Max Bowden) things. She reveals to a concerned Jay that her son accidentally hit her. After teasing him about Honey taking care of him, Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) invites Jay to go to Peggy's for a drink. He accepts, thinking Honey won't want to join them. He is later surprised to find out she is in fact up for it, but she soon falls asleep on the sofa so Jay goes alone. READ MORE: Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? Jay is enjoying his night out as Frankie and Lola continue to wind him up about Honey. When a very drunk Jay returns home late, Honey is less than impressed. The two could have a row which might lead to Jay storming out of the house. Could he run into the arms of Frankie? The pair are friends but the drunken night together could see them becoming closer. Perhaps the two became flirty during the night out, and when arguing with Honey, a drunk Jay decided to go and find Frankie. Frankie and Jay became close recently when he helped her with her photography project. Things became awkward as Tom 'Rocky' Cotton (Brian Conley) decided to play a trick on the pair. He informed Jay that Frankie needed a nude model for her project, and conned Jay into agreeing. Frankie, who wasn't expecting a naked Jay, arrived at the car lot to begin taking some pictures. "Are you nervous?" She asked Jay, who replied: "No, why would I be nervous?" DON'T MISS... Strictly's Johannes Radebe opens up on fears about show [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt red-faced over outfit choice chat 'Not on national TV!' [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast host's stark heatwave warning 'Please, please take care' [LATEST] "I don't know," Frankie replied. "Some people are when they have their photos taken like this." She added: "You need to remember, this is about showing people the real East End. "That's why I asked you, because you grew up around here." As her back was turned, Jay began to undress. As she turned and saw a half-naked Jay, she was shocked. "What are you doing?" She asked. Jay replied: "What? You said you wanted to see everything." "Your personality, not your pecker!" She remarked. "I thought this was a naked photoshoot," Jay confessed, before explaining Rocky had informed him. As Frankie burst out laughing, Lola walked in, leaving Jay even more humiliated. "It's not what it looks like," Jay said desperately. "I can explain." Lola swiftly left before Jay tried to rush after her and ended up tripping over. With the two enjoying each other's company, could they be tempted to take things further? Jay has been with Honey for a long time, but they have a big age difference and their relationship is often judged by their neighbours. Furthermore, they haven't been seeing eye-to-eye lately. Could Jay's head be turned by Frankie, who has more in common with him and is closer to his age? It's possible they could spend the night together before starting an affair. If so, Jay is bound to destroy his relationship with Honey, who will no doubt find out soon enough. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.