Iraq marked its longest post-election deadlock on Wednesday as infighting among Shi'ite and Kurdish groups in particular prevents the formation of a government, hampering reforms needed as the country struggles to recover from decades of conflict. More than nine months since an October election, lawmakers tasked with choosing a president and prime minister looked no closer to an agreement, bringing the country to a record 290 days without a head of state or cabinet. The last longest deadlock was in 2010, when after 289 days Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki got a second term. In a sign that the impasse would not be broken anytime soon, hundreds of supporters of populist Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr broke into Iraq's parliament on Wednesday, chanting against Maliki and Iran-aligned groups. The outgoing government of Prime Minister Mustafa al-Kadhimi continues to run the country. If parties cannot agree on a new government, Kadhimi might stay on as caretaker until new elections can be held. The paralysis has left Iraq without a budget for 2022, holding up spending on much-needed infrastructure projects and economic reform. READ MORE: Benidorm holiday fury as OAPs perform SEX ACT on bench Iraqis say the situation is exacerbating a lack of services and jobs even as Baghdad earns record oil income because of high crude prices and has seen no major wars since the defeat of Islamic State five years ago. "There's no government, so there's no budget, streets remain potholed, power and water are scarce and there's poor healthcare and education," said Mohammed Mohammed, a 68-year-old retired civil servant from the southern city of Nassiriya. The same conditions Mohammed described fuelled mass protests across Baghdad and southern Iraq in 2019. Demonstrators demanded the removal of parties that have been in power since the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled dictator Saddam Hussein, accusing them of rampant corruption that has stopped Iraq moving forward. Security forces and militiamen killed hundreds of protesters and the protests fizzled out in 2020. Kadhimi took office as a compromise candidate in response to the demonstrations, promising to punish killers of protesters and hold an early election which was held on October 10. Most of those who protested have given up hope for change. "Whatever government forms, it'll be made up of the people and parties who killed our friends," said Ali al-Khayali, an anti-government activist who participated in the demonstrations. Iraqi government formation often takes months and requires the buy-in of all main political parties. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin [LIVE]Iraq to free Briton after being wrongly jailed for smuggling pottery [INSIGHT]Nadhim Zahawi was banned from entering US by Donald Trump [VIDEO] Since Saddam was toppled, Shi'ite parties which represent the country's demographic majority have held the post of prime minister, Kurds the presidency and Sunnis the role of parliament speaker. Sharpening divisions within those groups have made this process especially long. In the Shi'ite camp, the biggest October vote winner, Sadr withdrew his 74 lawmakers from parliament last month after he failed to form a government that would exclude his Shi'ite rivals, most of whom who are backed by Iran and have heavily-armed paramilitary wings. Sadr's withdrawal ceded dozens of seats to those parties, but he has indicated he could stir up unrest among his millions-strong popular base - and his own militia - if they try to form a government he disapproves of.