Mr Sunak has been accused of setting the nation on course for a recession after cementing his status as the favourite to succeed Mr Johnson in No10. The Tory leadership hopeful is under fire from several fronts of the Conservative Party, with one MP claiming the former chancellor's refusal to slash taxes had risked an economic slump. Jeremy Hunt said: "Rishi Sunak is increasing corporation tax and it will be higher than not just America or Japan but France and Germany as well, and I'm worried that on our current trajectory we are heading into recession and we will be there too long." The former foreign secretary told Andrew Marr on LBC: "I'm worried at the moment and I was very worried when he announced his Budget — everyone talked about the other aspects of his Budget — but the thing that struck me was this slashing of the growth forecasts for next year." He added: "Only Russia will have a slower-growing economy – in their case a contracting economy." Mr Hunt's remarks came as a new survey underscored the worsening outlook for the UK economy. READ MORE: 'Most likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on exactly who he is backing A Bloomberg survey released on Tuesday showed the risk of a UK recession in the next 12 months is now almost 50-50. While official estimates currently show the nation is likely to evade two consecutive quarters of contraction, economists are becoming increasingly pessimistic because of a surge in inflation. The 13 analysts who took part in Bloomberg's study in July anticipate a 45 percent probability of such a decline in the next year – three times higher than the chance recorded when the survey was conducted at the start of the year. The findings echo concerns among households and businesses gripped by a cost of living crisis. However, gross domestic product (GDP) figures unveiled by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) on Wednesday suggest the UK might dodge experts' stark predictions. The ONS said GDP rose by 0.5 percent on the month, after a revised 0.2 percent decline in April. City economists had expected zero growth. Industrial output rose 0.9 percent on the month, thanks to strength in the manufacturing sector, while the construction industry grew by 1.5 perecnt, helped by a rise in housebuilding activity and office refurbishment work. The ONS said health was the biggest driver as more people saw GPs, offsetting the winding down of the coronavirus test and trace and vaccination schemes. It said road hauliers also had a busy month, while travel agents and tour operators benefited from a sharp rise in bookings amid pent-up demand for summer holidays. Analysts said the stronger monthly GDP figures could tempt the Bank of England to raise interest rates by 0.5 percentage points at the next meeting of its monetary policy committee in August, as the central bank responds to inflation reaching the highest levels in 40 years. DON'T MISSTory leadership contest: What is each candidate’s Brexit stance? [INSIGHT]Gatwick has most cancelled flights than any other major airport in UK [REPORT]Dangerous moment as Euro slumps to record-low levels [EXPLAINER] Antonia Medlicott, personal finance expert at Investing Reviews, said: "Fears that Britain is sliding into recession may have lifted a little with the publication of this data, though with consumer facing-services in retreat it's clear we are not out of the woods yet. "Moreover, the rise in GDP means the Bank of England is likely to have less reason to discontinue its policy of monetary tightening in the months ahead as it looks to bring inflation under control. "As borrowing costs rise, armchair investors may have to suffer share price volatility a little longer." The Bank of England's chief economist Huw Pill said last week he would be open to voting for a larger move than the 0.25 percentage point increases implemented so far if warranted. Speaking at a banking conference, he expressed his "willingness to adopt a faster pace of tightening", but emphasised that this would depend on "the data that we see and my interpretation of it". He emphasised that "much remains to be resolved before we vote on our August policy decision". Mr Pill reiterated the Bank's pledge in June to "act forcefully" to tackle the threat of long-term high inflation. However, he also said he preferred a "steady-handed" approach for now, warning that "one-off bold moves" can be "disturbing in terms of their impact on financial markets". If the Bank lifted rates from 1.25 percent to 1.75 percent in August, it would mark the biggest single rise since it gained independence in 1997. While there is scepticism over Mr Sunak's ability to deal with the UK's challenges as Prime Minister, the Richmond MP has pledged to get the country's economic struggles under control, saying he would cut taxes once inflation had been brought under control if elected for Britain's top job. Kicking off his leadership campaign on Tuesday, he said: "We need a return to traditional Conservative economic values – and that means honesty and responsibility, not fairy tales. "I have had to make some of the most difficult choices in my life when I was chancellor, in particular how to deal with our debt and borrowing after Covid. "I have never hidden away from those, and I certainly won't pretend now that the choices I made, and the things I voted for, were somehow not necessary. Whilst this may be politically inconvenient, it is the truth. "My message to the party and the country is simple: I have a plan to steer our country through these headwinds. "Once we have gripped inflation, I will get the tax burden down. It is a question of 'when', not 'if'."