It is tradition to open the Brussels Palace to the public to honour Belgian National Day which takes place on July 21. The Royal Palace of Brussels is the official home of the Belgian monarchy, Philippe King of the Belgians and Queen Consort Mathilde of Belgium. The palace will be hosting three different exhibitions this summer. The first exhibition explores the Belgian monarchy and will focus on King Badouin, who reigned for 42 years from 1951 to 1993. He is the uncle of the current King. The second exhibition will focus on climate change and the current research that is being done to prevent global warming. The final exhibition will feature, Science and Stones which will display different lego art designs. Visitors will be given guided tours and allowed to see historical salons, the Empire Room and the Marble Room. The public will not be allowed access to the entire palace it is the King’s official workplace. The Empire Room is a ballroom and is the oldest room in the Palace. It was expanded by King William I who ruled from 1772 to 1843. The Marble room was the dining room of King Leopold and the main kitchens are directly below the room. However, the ovens are over 150 years old and are no longer in use. Although the palace has roots dating back to the 11th century, the entire palace burned down in 1731. The palace was called the Burnt Court as the burned ruins of the palace were left untouched for over 40 years before the current-day palace was built. READ MORE: ‘Explosive’ Meghan and Harry biography going to ‘widen royal rift’ The Royal Crypt is underneath the Church of Our Lady in Laeken. It is the burial site for every monarch that has ruled Belgium as well as their consorts. The majority of the Belgian royal family have been buried here. The last royal to be buried here was Queen Consort Fabiola, wife to King Badouin who passed away in 2014. DON'T MISS: Princess Anne most 'down to earth' royal upon becoming grandmother [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry cautioned over 'public credibility' after UN address [INSIGHT] The Royal Palace will have its grand opening this weekend on Saturday, July 23. The palace will be open from 10:30 am to 5:00 pm every day except on Mondays. Tickets are free but visitors must make sure to book in advance. The Royal Crypt will only be open every month to the public on the following dates: July 31, August 29, September 25, October 2, November 1, November 15 and December 5.