The Florida Governor is the biggest threat to the former President’s run for a Republican nomination if he chooses to enter the race. The highly expected announcement is thought to happen from Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago mansion on Palm Beach, which has become a hub for a campaign launch with a council of advisors already assembled. The strategic decision to launch the 2024 campaign from Florida is considered to be an opportunity for Mr Trump to outshine DeSantis on his own turf. Current data from GOP voters in New Hampshire shows the two rivals are almost equal in support with De Santis at 39 percent and Trump with 37 percent. The former President’s concerns about facing his opponent were highlighted in a interview where he said: “I don’t know if Ron is running, and I don’t ask him. “It’s his prerogative. I think I would win.” The Florida Governor gained support for his ‘anti-woke’ and anti-lockdown stance and has been criticised by Trump as “overrated”. A source close to the former President told The Post Saturday there are "discussions about an early launch, and people are planning". They added: “There are no specifics, but people are preparing. They are laying the groundwork.” As the largest swing state in the United States, Florida holds many benefits as a place to launch the campaign with its large fundraising capabilities. The 45th President has reportedly already raised over $120million, which is far more than fellow potential candidates and the Republican National Committee. READ MORE:Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan ‘damage control’ comes ‘too late’ Florida Central University professor Jim Clark said: “It’s almost obscene how much money there is in Florida. “And so it’s a really good state to run from.” He added: “Timing is everything in politics. "[De Santis] will almost certainly be re-elected as governor this November, and then his term will be up in 2026. “And historically, politicians out of office do not do well. So this may be his only real shot at the presidency.” DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Should a second referendum be made illegal? (POLL)Harry and Meghan 'raised eyebrows' with solo moment at Jubilee event (INSIGHT)Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror ‘hunger plan’ could send millions to star (REVEAL) While the suspicions of an announcement on Independence Day have since been quashed, it is thought an early announcement will distract from the ongoing hearings about the Capitol Hill riots and Trump's actions at the time. It is also hoped by top strategists that an early launch will impact potential rivals like De Santis. Trump’s strategist Jason Miller told NBC News: “I think that there being clarity about what his intentions are [is important] so he can start building that operation while it’s still fresh in people’s minds and they’re still active.”