WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River season 4. Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) could barely contain his excitement in the season four finale of Virgin River after fiancée Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) confirmed he was the father of her unborn baby. The pair eventually had a paternity test after months of anxiously waiting to discover if Mel’s ex Mark (Daniel Gillies) could’ve been the dad - or whether they even wanted a paternity test to begin with. The moment left Netflix viewers in tears but a new theory from Express.co.uk could suggest Jack may not be the real father - here’s why. This is because there are a handful of clues from the scene where Jack and Mel discover the paternity test results that are rather questionable. Could it be that Mel lied about the test results in order to ensure she and her beau could have a happy family unit? The first piece of evidence comes from Jack’s surprise when Mel is notified that she has received the results. “Well, that was only like… two days ago,” Jack said to Mel in shock, surprised the results were back so soon. READ MORE: Martin Henderson sparked panic with Virgin River injury after stunt Mel explained: “I know, she put a rush on it. So, what do you wanna do?” With the test results supposedly being confirmed and with the pair within 48 hours, it’s safe to say eyebrows were raised. In fact, according to the DNA Diagnostics Centre, “an efficient laboratory with appropriate accreditations should be able to provide a report within three to four business days.” It even suggested some labs can take “three to 12 weeks to process that same type of samples”. While Mel suggested this was down to their doctor putting a “rush” on the results, the timeframe for the email certainly doesn’t seem realistic. This wasn’t the only clue to suggest the results may have been conjured up by Mel or a third party. A second clue could be that Mel was open to “deleting” the results before Jack even saw them. “Oh, honey, do you want me to just delete it?” Mel said to Jack after he joked they could wait until “next year” to see the results. DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Alexandra Breckenridge addresses Mel and Cam romanceWho bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4?Where is Todd in Virgin River season 4? Has Todd left for good? Jack eventually talked Mel into showing him the results, as he touchingly told her: “Hey, if it’s not we will be upset and disappointed, sure. We always knew that was a possibility from the beginning, right? “So we’ll deal. We’ll move on and we will focus on starting our family. I don’t care what that email says, I love you. And I’m gonna love our baby so much.” Did Mel want to delete the email to ensure a fraudulent set of results never came to light - she even told Jack she was “sorry” although claimed she was apologetic about using the embryos Mark helped create. The third and final clue that may suggest the results were faked was the jargon used in the email and Jack’s inability to grasp them. The emailed results said: “The alleged father is not excluded as the biological of the tested child.” “Not excluded?” Jack said, puzzled by the wording while Mel quickly told him: “It means that you’re the father and we’re having a girl!” However, before Jack could read the rest of the results, Mel slammed her laptop shut, failing to explain to him what the complicated results meant in detail. Could she be worrying Jack would figure out the results were faked if he looked at the too long? Could this explain her haste in shutting her laptop? Fans will have to wait until season five arrives to see if Mel was lying about the results - but there are certainly some curious pieces of evidence to support the theory. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.