The Sussexes stepped out at the UN General Assembly on Monday where the Duke gave a speech to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. However, a protester with a sign asking why the pair were there stood outside the building. The woman's placard read: "Mandela spent 27 years behind bars in SA. "Markle spent 18 months in castles and complained on TV during a pandemic. "Why are they here?" Harry and Meghan held hands as they arrived for the Duke to address the UN. They ignored a US reporter's question about biographer Tom Bower's new royal book which makes a series of bombshell claims. In his speech, the Duke warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" as he spoke about the legacy of Nelson Mandela. Harry spoke of climate change, the Covid pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US. He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. READ MORE: Harry & Meghan 'losing popular opinion' over 'strange existence' in US "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." The Duke also spoke about his late mother Princess Diana's meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997. He said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. DON'T MISSPrince Harry blasted for 'mouthing off' about US politicsRoyal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry planMeghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face; the playfulness, cheekiness, even... pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity. "Then I looked at Mandela. Here was a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders, asked to heal his country from the wreckage of its past and transform it for the future. "A man who had endured the very worst of humanity - vicious racism and state-sponsored brutality. "A man who had lost 27 years with his children and family that he would never get back." Harry said he has "always found hope" in Africa, a continent where he "found peace and healing". He added: "It's where I've felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife." 