Conservative MP Graham Stuart defended Liz Truss over the tax cut criticism she received in light of her economic strategy which would see tax cuts of at least £30bn, funded through borrowing. Referring to her plans for the UK, he stressed Liz Truss is “the candidate to unite the Conservative Party” as he explained “she believes that it is only by embracing conservative values that we can deliver on every part of the agenda”. Referring to Rishi Sunak’s financial plan which would not see the implementation of tax cuts until late next year, he argues the former Chancellor “proposes the worst possible time to stick up the National Insurance and put up Corporation Tax to 25 percent’”. Mr Stuart told GB News: “She is the candidate to unite the Conservative Party. “She will do so on the basis of principles and in terms of her programme which she is delivering in order to govern this country properly. “It is that programme that she’s been putting in front of Conservative members. “She isn’t going to come up with another one when she gets over. “She’s going to hit the ground running. “She’s got a history of delivery. “She can get things delivered.” He added: “She is here by conviction, she believes that it is only by embracing conservatives values that we can deliver on every part of the agenda. READ MORE: Rich Rishi Sunak could pose a 'risk' to the Tory Party, expert warns  “That’s why she has not just Jacob Rees-Mogg and people who are very much associated with a strong Brexit part of the party. “She also has Vicky Ford, she has Chloe Smith supporting her, she has people right across the breadth of the party.” Referring to Rishi Sunak and his economic approach, he stressed: “Rishi Sunak has of course many merits, but he proposes, I think, as a former investment Minister, the worst possible time to stick up the National Insurance, hurting families and put up Corporation Tax to 25 percent. “It’s like putting an enormous sign up on Britain to the rest of the world saying ‘closed for business’. DON'T MISS: Sunak sets UK up for 'big collapse' [WATCH]Tourist in campervan beaten up, stripped and forced naked into a pub [LISTEN]Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' [INSIGHT]   “We need foreign direct investment. “We need the jobs that comes with it. “The prosperity, the growth, that’s what Liz [Truss] offers. “It’s a really optimistic, go ahead, aspiration nation that she’s seeking to build”. The comments came as opponent Rishi Sunak criticised Liz Truss’ financial strategy stressing that her tax cuts plans could fuel inflation and significantly increase interest rates as well as cost of mortgages. Speaking at LBC yesterday, Sunak warned: “My strong point of view is if the government goes on a high borrowing spree, that is only going to make that situation worse. That will mean that the problem will last longer”. Referring to homeowners and mortgage rates, he added: “It’s going to push up their mortgage rates, if interest rates have to go up very hight to deal with that”. Despite the criticism from Sunak, Truss defined her strategy as “affordable” and argued her tax cuts plan would not fuel inflation but, on the other side, would avoid recession. READ NEXT: Dog owners issued urgent warning as brand recalls foodMichael Schumacher health update: Where is Michael Schumacher now?UK sends nuclear warning to ChinaPutin’s plan takes hit after Kyiv cuts off supply bridgePutin in trouble as Ukraine calls for international tribunal