Toto Wolff has said that all of the racist abuse directed at Lewis Hamilton has to end. The discussion in build-up to the British Grand Prix has been dominated by racist comments that came to light from former world champion Nelson Piquet about the Mercedes driver. Hamilton has faced racial abuse throughout his career and is the only black driver to ever race within Formula One. Mercedes boss Wolff has now called for all abuse of the seven-time world champion to end. Speaking to Channel 4 ahead of qualifying at Silverstone Wolff said: "I think that Louis has had it [racist abuse] all his life. The adversity that he faced, sometimes subtle, sometimes in the face. I believe that it's come to a point where all of it needs to end. It's so public and it's people that are that have been well respected in the sport." However, Wolff did take some heart from the reaction to Piquet's comments with Hamilton receiving an outpouring of support from the sport's fans and his fellow drivers. "It just confirms that we are on the right path to stopping this with a robust action of Formula One with the condemning in the media and with the drivers supporting Lewis. Now we have momentum and these voices will not be heard anymore," he added. Mercedes agreed to fund an initiative to increase the representation of people from minority backgrounds in the sport when negotiating Hamilton's new deal last year. The initiative called Ignite aims to give scholarships to children and students from underrepresented backgrounds to give them a chance to gain an opportunity in the sport. The team have already contributed £6million to the programme which aims to give opportunities to young people throughout the motorsport industry, not just at Mercedes. However, Wolff called on those at other teams to do more in order to help bring equality by following the lead of the Silver Arrows. "We're doing it I think that the sport needs to follow," the Austrian explained. "The teams need to follow this is a billion-dollar sport and we are all on a global platform. We have it within our powers to train plays and we must do it." Hamilton called out Piquet in the immediate aftermath of the comments coming to light. The 37-year-old said the Brazilian's racist slur highlighted the need for the sport to take stronger action. “It’s more than language," the Briton wrote on Twitter. "These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.” Mercedes have looked stronger this weekend and will hope Silverstone can see the start of a transformation for their season. Hamilton finished both free practice session in second place and will hope to build on a strong record at his home Grand Prix having won seven of the last eight races in Britain.