The Games are a fantastic opportunity to boost the profile and prosperity of host city Birmingham and the surrounding region. Every ticket for them comes with free public transport included and organisers are relying on train services to get spectators to the venues. The day-long strike planned by rail union Aslef on Saturday, July 30, threatens to create chaos and turn a moment of sporting celebration into a logistical nightmare and public relations disaster. This will do nothing to help unlock the investment upon which Britain's levelling-up ambitions depend.West Midlands Mayor Andy Street has condemned "a selfish, cruelly-timed and cynical manipulation of a landmark national event". Aslef will not win goodwill by sabotaging this key moment in the global sporting calendar. It should abandon its ham-fisted attempt at coercion and negotiate. Vladimir Putin reminded the world of his murderous mendacity when Russian missiles hit the port of Odesa within 24 hours of a deal to allow Ukraine to resume grain exports. Mass famine could be unleashed if grain is unable to reach world markets, but Putin has no regard for human life. PresidentVolodymyr Zelensky is right to warn that Russia cannot be trusted. Boris Johnson is confident that Ukraine will ultimately succeed in a victory for the "little guy over the big bully" - and life teaches us all that one never beats a bully by capitulating. Whoever becomes the next prime minister in September must stiffen the free world's determination to stand with Ukraine and compel Putin to end this appalling conflict. Few of us will ever experience having a hit single or being the star model on a fashion catwalk, but gardening provides an altogether unique euphoria. In today's Sunday Express, legendary model Kate Moss tells us she is "obsessed with gardening" and has membership at a gardening centre where she has the "best time" with her mum. Singer Kim Wilde swapped the glamour of playing stadiums for life in a 400-year-old converted barn in Hertfordshire and is now an acclaimed horticulturist who won a Gold Award at the Chelsea Flower Show. She says she "became a gardener out of a latent desire to get my hands dirty". Whether you have a window box or a tiny town plot or are blessed with a riot of roses or a bountifully fruitful allotment, nurturing nature is undoubtedly one of life's most rewarding and enduring pleasures.