Cristiano Ronaldo reportedly has three main reasons for wanting to leave Manchester United for Atletico Madrid. The La Liga side have emerged as the frontrunners to sign the Portuguese superstar after he submitted a transfer request to the Red Devils. Ronaldo only returned to Old Trafford last summer, but grew frustrated as their season fell apart last year. With no Champions League football on offer at United this term, Ronaldo made the decision to seek a hasty exit. But that desire for a fresh start has been hampered by the fact that there are precious few suitors. Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Juventus have all ruled out moves for him, while Chelsea are focusing on other targets having explored a potential deal. One club who are interested in signing him though is Atletico, who are looking to bounce back from a disappointing campaign of their own last time out. Though he played for their city rivals Real, there are three reasons in particular drawing him to the Wanda Metropolitano. READ MORE: Atletico Madrid 'step up Cristiano Ronaldo pursuit' with transfer plan According to The Sunday Times, Ronaldo is 'receptive' to the idea of returning to a city where he broke a series of goalscoring records with Los Blancos. Atletico are also able to offer the chance to compete for serious silverware, with Diego Simeone's men having won La Liga in 2020/2021. And they can fulfill Ronaldo's desire to compete in the Champions League for the 20th year in succession, having finished third in the Spanish top-flight last season, confirming their spot in the competition. The final reason named is legendary manager Simeone himself. DON'T MISS: Man Utd can win Cristiano Ronaldo situation by pushing for swap deal (INSIGHT)Ronaldo agent wants to 'facilitate' two deals for Man Utd exit (NEWS)Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to make Ronaldo feel 'like a baby' (ANALYSIS) It is stated that Ronaldo has been left impressed by the Argentine's eagerness to work with him. There are potentially major obstacles to Atletico being able to bring Ronaldo back to the Spanish capital though. The report claims that Atletico need to create space on their wage bill to accommodate Ronaldo. In an attempt to do that, they have placed Antoine Griezmann on their transfer list, though so far there has been no serious interest in the Frenchman.