The average house price now stands at £294,845 according to latest Halifax figures, which is an increase of 13 percent on the previous year. If homeowners are hoping to sell-up fast they need to make sure their home is looking its best. However, Britons don’t have to spend a fortune to make that happen. Simon Fisher, Founding Director of Absolute Sales & Lettings in South Devon, has around three decades of experience as an estate agent and says that while some buyers will purchase a home for its potential, the best value for a homeowner is to maximise their property’s worth before bringing it to market. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: “There are a few tips to help boost a property's value and create that all-important first impression among potential buyers... and there's no costs involved.” One of the first tips the estate agent assures will “maximise” kerb appeal, which boosts property value, is cleaning the front door, windows and gutters. Everyone knows the importance of first impressions, and this is no different for homes. What people see when they first walk up to the front door will form the foundation of how they envisage their possible future at your property and how much they’re willing to spend to obtain it. READ MORE: Exact temperature setting for fans to be ‘most efficient’ Simon explained: “This will maximise a home’s ‘kerb appeal’ (the view from the street) and it’s important because a house which looks smart and well-maintained is inviting and makes potential buyers want to see inside. “Your front door is a focal point so buyers will pay attention to it - you want it to create a good first impression.” Still on the topic of the front of a property, the property pro noted that before viewings sellers should tidy their driveway by jet washing the path, moving the car and hiding the wheelie bins. He said: “Get rid of as many weeds as possible and sweep the driveway. “Use a jet wash if you can because a powerful clean can make a big difference to paved areas. DON'T MISS: Grow ‘healthier’ hydrangeas using worms - gives ‘access to nutrients’ [EXPERT]How to ‘effectively’ keep towels soft - avoids ‘scratchy stiff towels’ [TIPS]Where does Penny Mordaunt live now? Inside the life of the ‘outsider’ [INSIGHT] “If possible, move the wheelie bins out of sight and if space is right on your driveway, think about moving your car onto the street so buyers don’t have to squeeze alongside it to reach the front door.” Moving to the inside of homes, there should be no signs of clutter, according to Simon. He said: “A decluttered, clean looking home is important because it allows buyers to visualise their own belongings in each room so sellers need to facilitate this. “Busy rooms appear smaller and darker, so decide what you want to keep and what to throw away. “Even if you don’t have time to do it fully now, box up excess belongings and simply place them in the loft or the garage.” READ MORE: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent Simon noted that the “best time to declutter” is “before you put the property on the market”, not after it has been sold. Sellers should also ensure that they have made the beds and concealed worn patches of furniture to ensure a home is at its full potential before it goes on sale. The estate agent said: “It sounds basic but a bed is the focal point of the bedroom so spend time to make it and use fresh linen with matching pillow and duvet covers. “This will instantly smarten-up a room as will plumping all the cushions and using a throw to cover patches of furniture showing wear and tear. “You're trying to show your home at its best so make sure you invest some time to ensure it reaches its potential.” Gardens are also an important area to maintain as it is possible to add £2,000 to the property value without any landscaping, according to Simon. He explained: “Gardens are so important, both front and back because buyers place a lot of value on green spaces. “Ensure they’re nice and tidy by mowing the lawn and weeding the flower-beds. “Presenting an easy to maintain garden because the majority of buyers are looking for a blank canvas to create their own ideas. “Opting for a minimalist approach is a good idea and keeps the space looking tranquil. Tidy away toys, deckchairs and hoses which can be a distraction. “Attractive gardens can significantly lift a property’s value - estimates suggest up to £2,000 without having to do any actual landscaping.”