McDonald's has been criticised after it announced its decision to increase the price of the burger by 20p more to £1.19 in the latest sign of mounting pressure on consumers. They cited inflation and rising costs to the company as the reason. But Twitter users expressed their anger online. Simon James posted: "Outrageous!!!!!" While Shaun Mellows tweeted: "Like they need the money!" And Damien Mannix branded it "shocking behaviour". READ MORE: Food crisis horror as UK 'wasting' enough to feed 3.5 million Kwill tweeted: "Can it get any worse? @McDonalds is putting the price of a cheeseburger up! I'm going to cry." This is the first time the price of the burger has increased in 14 years. The company also revealed it would be adding between 10p and 20p price increases to other "menu items impacted most by inflation". However, it stressed some products will be unaffected and others will vary across the UK as some prices can be altered by franchisees. McDonald's UK & Ireland chief executive officer Alistair Macrow said the increases are needed to help the business cope "through incredibly challenging times". DON'T MISSInflation rises to 9.1 percent in staggering blow for pensioners [FIGURES]Inheritance tax raid: Treasury tipped to rake in a staggering £1.3bn [INSIGHT]DWP urged to pause deductions from benefits [INFO] In an email to customers, he said: "Just like you, our company, our franchisees who own and operate our restaurants, and our suppliers are all feeling the impact of rising inflation. "At times like this, we know that providing great value is important. "Since we opened in the UK in 1974, we have committed to offering great tasting food at affordable prices, and that commitment will not change.  "But, today's pressures mean, like many, we are having to make some tough choices about our prices." McDonald's said it understands that increases "are not good news" and told diners is has "delayed and minimised these changes for as long as we could". It is the latest hospitality business to warn over rampant cost increases, a week after the ONS reported that inflation hit a 40-year-high of 9.4 percent last month. MORE TO FOLLOW