Zara Tindall first met her union rugby league player husband, Mike Tindall, nearly 20 years ago, in 2003. Seven years later, their engagement was announced in a statement that came from Buckingham Palace. A lot of thought went into Zara’s engagement ring design, with Mike taking into consideration his future wife's sporting career.  He chose a split platinum band with several pavé set diamonds, complete with a single solitaire diamond. It is reported to have a deliberately low profile setting. This meant Zara would not need to remove her precious gem while competing in equestrian events, making the ring extra special. It was also worth a whopping £140,000. Mike Fried, CEO of The Diamond Pro, said: "Zara's ring is a beautiful mix of old-world tradition with a twist of modern design. “Going with the round diamond and adding a split shank setting was a great way to add a touch of modern style to a royal engagement ring. "I would estimate the ring to be a five-carat plus diamond and the value to be north of £140,000. “That said, being worn by the granddaughter of the Queen can make this ring priceless."  Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks also spoke to Express.co.uk about Zara’s gorgeous ring. The expert said: "Zara’s engagement ring features a stunning split band covered in pave diamonds, with a large brilliant-cut diamond at its centre. "The shape of the split shank frames the central diamond beautifully. "As Zara is an Olympic equestrian rider and big sports fan, Mike’s choice was practical as well as beautiful, with a low-sitting diamond." READ MORE: Zara Tindall and Queen's body language 'indulgent and relaxed' The couple tied the knot at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh in July 2011, and the ceremony was attended by senior members of the Royal Family, including the Queen and Prince Philip, Prince William and Kate Middleton and the bride's mother Princess Anne. On the big day, Zara paired her Stewart Parvin dress with a precious Greek tiara that belonged to her mother, Princess Anne. The 'something borrowed' piece consists of a brilliant-cut diamond surrounded by a glittering wreath. It originated in Greece's Royal Family, with Prince Philip's mother Alice gifting the tiara to Queen Elizabeth II.  The Queen subsequently passed it on to her daughter, Princess Anne. The royal couple now has three children together, Mia, eight, Lena, four, and their newest arrival, Lucas, one. Mike and Zara celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary in 2021 and in an interview with The Times, the sports star publicly spoke of his love for his wife. He said: "She's always been my best friend. “That doesn't change." 