Sandra's (played by Joanne Mitchell) motive for being back in Emmerdale was exposed this week as she explained she wanted to rinse her daughter, Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele), for all the money she's got. Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) is particularly skeptical about his mother-in-law but his wife wants to help the villain and has even mangled to get her a job at the salon. However, the young woman could soon learn she is not blood-related to Sandra at all as a disturbing story from the past is unravelled on the ITV soap. With Sandra disowning her daughter when she suffered an epileptic attack last year and now wanting to take all of her money, many have doubted her abilities as a mother. This could be because she is not Liv's mother at all and the youngster only came into her life through the means of a deal. The villain has already shown she is not opposed to a scheme or two but she could have got her hands on Liv after her relationship with Gordon Livesy (Gary Mavers) hit several hurdles. Worried he was going to leave her, Sandra could have lied to him and told her husband she was pregnant with his child. Unable to leave his partner, Gordon could have stayed to fulfil his responsibilities as a father but he might not have realised she wasn't his daughter. READ MORE: GB News host shut down for joking over 'lethal weather' warnings Throughout her fake pregnancy, Sandra could have been wearing different shaped bumps to make it seem as if she was carrying a baby. Whereas, away from the family home, the villain could have arranged to buy a baby from a mother who didn't want her child. The pair could have met at an antenatal class, with Sandra going along to keep up the pretence she was having a baby. After talking with a woman who was struggling to accept she was going to be a single mother, Sandra could have put some money on the table in exchange for the baby. When the woman went into labour, the villain would have claimed she was going to visit a family member before returning with her daughter in tow. With Gordon now dead and Liv a grown woman, Sandra doesn't need to keep up the pretence anymore and so she has used her connection to her daughter for monetary purposes. However, with someone very likely to find out what she has been up to, she could confess she doesn't care about Liv because she's not her mother. Despite supposedly having a relationship for the past 18 years, the mother and daughter duo could finally go their separate ways. This could begin a new storyline for Liv as she decides she wants to track down her birth mother and get an explanation as to why she was given up. Will it be a joyous moment between the mother and daughter or will the meeting solidify the fact they are two very different people? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to claim benefits [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb begs 'send help' before updating fans on kids [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb weight loss: How TV star lost weight without exercise [COMMENT] The actress who plays Sandra, Joanne, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about her character and hinted Liv's relationship with the villain could come under scrutiny. Joanne explained: "I think the relationship is there but I think, at the moment, I don't exactly know where it's going. "I think Sandra has such an agenda that it's almost like it's blinkered - this is what she's got to get. "But I would be really interested to see what is coming up so if there is anything in the future to see that kind of weakness. "That vulnerability, if there is one. There's got to be somewhere because at the end of the day, she is a human being." "She's not in the right headspace at the moment but it'd be lovely because they have got a nice relationship when it's nice," she added. "It's few and far between, I guess, at the moment. But the relationship is there," the soap star continued to explain. But could this relationship be destroyed by the realisation Liv has been lied to for her entire life by the woman she thought she would have been able to trust? However, Joanne has stated her character is "clever" and knows how to scheme without being caught out. The actress added: " I think there's always going to be that [idea of getting caught out] all the way along, I mean she's not stupid."  "She's watching all the time. She's watching their relationship, she's never seen Liv and Vinny live together before, so she's playing a lot of the time in the moment," Joanne continued. "So she's accessing, she scheming, she's watching how they work together and it could all fall apart, so she has really got to sort of keep it together I think. "I think she has to be clever, she's got her main objective but it could all fall apart at any point because Liv could just tell her to go, I think that happens throughout. "But Sandra is very persuasive, she's clever." Will Sandra be able to keep Liv on her side even once the truth has been revealed about her parentage? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.