 England in the 16th century broke away from the Catholic church that occupied most of Europe at the time, in a moment of huge religious, cultural, societal and political upheaval. Now, as Brexit Britain separates itself from its European neighbours, some are arguing that the same tools used then are again being called on to drive a majority narrative.   The new series of Royal History’s Biggest Fibs with Lucy Worsley began this week, which intends to uproot fallacies that have been passed on as truths throughout history. The first episode begs the question: Is Brexit Britain simply reliving the days of King Henry VIII separating from the Roman Catholic church? The documentary notes astonishing similarities between what the public was told in both times. Kent University professor Adrian Pabst weighed in on the matter saying that the scepticism and societal view “that Britain is separate” from Europe “has its deep roots in the Reformation.” Pabst noted the debate over Brexit may be something modern Britons “have in common” with their 16th-century ancestors. READ MORE: Angela Rayner declares 'I could be PM now!' - Starmer's deputy comes clean on No10 hopes  Essentially, he claimed that the entire belief system that Britain is a self-sustainable island that is being held back from its true potential due to ties with Europe originated in the Reformation. Alongside Henry was another prominent figure of the time, his chief minister Thomas Cromwell who would draft two acts of Parliament in the 1530s that would cement this ideology, albeit based somewhat on fables rather than facts. The first act, titled the Act in Restraint of Appeals, banned appealing to the Pope in ecclesiastical matters and meant that final authority would now be found in London’s parliament rather than in Rome with the Pope. The wording of this act stated the “realm of England is an empire” according to chronicles of history. However, the chronicles of history that Cromwell was reliant upon to justify this claim was The History of the Kings of Britain, a pseudo-history book written by a Welsh monk that included tales like King Arthur and the knights of the round table.  Making this empirical statement in an act of parliament filtered through to societal values in the British public and started a butterfly effect on the relationship between England and other countries that was ultimately displayed during the Brexit decision and negotiations. Pabst shared: “Really I think what those two acts do is they essentially say there’s only one source of legitimacy and that is now the nation represented by the monarch.” Personally, King Henry VIII used this reasoning to justify the split from the Catholic church that would enable him to divorce Catherine of Aragon and marry Anne Boleyn, and claimed it would better life for the public as well. For both the Reformation and Brexit, Pabst noted the most striking similarity he has found is: “The idea that we are better off on our own, we’re better off out and essentially national sovereignty and the will of the people should prevail over anything else.” During the Reformation, the target of this was the Catholic church which was largely criticised as being “corrupt”, “decadent”, “over-centralised” and not “to our benefit”.  In comparison, many claims made in pro-Brexit arguments have to do with the EU being “undemocratic, potentially authoritarian” and overriding “what people really need and want”. Pabst noted he believed the Reformation is what created this sense that Britain is separate from Europe, saying: “If you’re looking for the origins of Brexit look no further than Henry VIII.” While the Reformation was done in the name of cutting religious ties, it affected many other facets of life in the middle ages. At the time, the Pope had control and influence far beyond religious matters, with increasing economic, political and societal power. The presiding rulers of England at the time claimed splitting from such a powerful person and community would “liberate” the public from a “corrupt Catholic church”.  Essentially this promised Britons the freedom to have a relationship with God in any way they pleased, and did not have to be dictated by the church. While the Reformation did make good on this promise, it basically swapped the dictatorship over the people from the church to the national state and economy. Power over England would be centralised in London, the country’s wealth moved to select upper gentry and Catholic monasteries across the country were “cleaned up and absorbed into the state” as Worsely noted in the documentary. It was this final change that would cause the most devastation as many of the country’s poorer population relied on their local churches for support which was essentially stripped away entirely. The documentary concluded with a clip of a Bloomberg interview with former Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith who commented on Brexit: “It’s a new Reformation.” Royal History’s Biggest Fibs with Lucy Worsley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.