The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge already have their eyes set on the throne, Daily Mail’s Assistant Editor Charlie Lankston said, as the couple are preparing to lead the monarchy. Prince William is not the next in line to the throne but could soon be as Prince Charles comes before him and is of late age. The royal couple have started taking on public engagements, signalling their intention to modernise the monarchy. Speaking to Access, royal expert Charlie Lankston said: "Now, William is not the next in line to the throne. His father Prince Charles is going to be the next monarch of the United Kingdom. "However, William and Kate are very much already in that kind of waiting in the wings roles were they are both very much aware that they will be on the throne probably, you know, not too far in the future. "I think they both know that Prince Charles is not a young spring chicken. He’s not the age that Elizabeth was when she became Queen. "And I don't think anyone is expecting Prince Charles to sit on the throne for decades and decades to come." Ms Lankston said: "He will absolutely take on the role because he has been waiting his entire life to become King. "But I think that his reign in comparison with the Queen’s will be very short-lived. "William and Kate are already not acting as though they are already the leaders of the monarchy but they are taking on a huge amount of responsibility not just in terms of public engagements but also in terms of the way in which the monarchy is run. "They’re making small but very important changes, opening up the monarchy to a more modern point of view, not perhaps in a way that is noticeable every single day." READ MORE: Kate and Prince William already 'making important changes' as Royals "But bit by bit, they have kind of helped the monarchy to evolve, to kind of embrace new traditions and to kind of maintain the important heritage of the past while also kind of saying: 'okay, a few of the things that we used to do are seen as being very stuffy.' "They are very stuffy. Here are ways we can kind of maintain the tradition behind these things without making it appear as though we are completely ignorant of what the rest of the world is doing and how they’re living." When William becomes next to the throne – and not second to the throne as he currently is, Prince William will see his royal title changed to Prince of Wales, the title historically held by the first in line. The title was officially granted to Prince Charles at his investiture 50 years ago, and he’s now the 21st man to hold it. DON'T MISS:Royals celebrate England’s lionesses win [REPORT]Kate and William lead England fan frenzy with rare message [INSIGHT]Prince William’s 'terrible fights' with Camilla's daughter laid bare [REPORT] Camilla Parker Bowles became princess upon marrying Prince Charles but turned down the title of Princess of Wales out of respect for Prince Charles’ defunct wife Diana Spencer. Should Prince Charles ever become King, Camilla would become Queen. However, if Prince Charles dies before the Queen, then his son Prince William would become King of England when the Queen dies. In that case, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, would likely take on the role of Queen Consort by William's side. READ NEXT:Pippa Middleton to follow in sister's footsteps with new titleKate's affordable summer destination where children enjoy 'picnics'Royal Family: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoirKate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearanceAnne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days