The Breaking Bad spin-off Better Call Saul is returning to AMC and Netflix this week, from July 11. The crime drama series will see the main characters' storylines come to a satisfying end. However for one star, their journey is only just beginning as they are taking over the role of Jeff. The final episodes of Better Call Saul season six are due to air weekly from Monday and a teaser has revealed a key character has been recast. Cab driver Jeff was originally played by Don Harvey, and he has only been seen in the present-day segments of the show. After Gene (Bob Odenkirk) takes a ride in his cab, Jeff immediately recognises him as his alias Saul Goodman. Actor Harvey played the role for only two episodes as he has been forced to step down. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon The star also features in HBO drama We Own This City and it is understood he could not return to Better Call Saul due to contract obligations. All About Saul said on Instagram: "RECAST CONFIRMED - from a trusted inside source, Jeff has been recast and Don Harvey will not be reprising that role in S6 due to contract obligations with HBO on We Own This City."I do not have a name for the new cast member."Today’s teaser showing the reshoot in the cab was an introduction to the new Jeff so that we can be prepared to see that when it airs and hopefully not be so jarring. Mystery solved." Actor Pat Healy has now been confirmed to take over the role. The new star is known for roles in the Amazon Prime Video series Them and Grey's Anatomy spin-off Station 19. Fans may also recognise him from the Netflix films Velvet Buzzsaw and Run. As for Harvey, the 62-year-old took on his role in We Own This City for its release in 2022. DON'T MISS... James May shuts down health scare 'That's b******s' [INSIGHT] Better Call Saul season 6 part 2 release time: What time is it out? [EXPLAINER] Better Call Saul: Bryan Cranston teases Walt and Jesse cameos [INTERVIEW] He first joined the cast of Better Call Saul in 2018 as the eccentric cab driver. Jeff lived in Albuquerque with his girlfriend at the time, and it was here he became a fan of famous criminal lawyer Saul Goodman. The driver would often see his advertisements around town and was keen to find out more. He later moved to Omaha, Nebraska and became a taxi driver there. Following the major cliffhanger at the end of the first part of season six, fans are excited about the show's imminent return. A total of six more episodes will air before the series comes to an end. There is still so much more to come as viewers are waiting to see cameos from Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul as their Breaking Bad characters Walt and Jesse. The critically-acclaimed series has earned 39 Emmy nominations for its first five seasons. Better Call Saul returns to AMC on July 11 and Netflix on July 12. 