Prince Harry, 37, will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man he has "become". Journalist Owen Jones explained the book will be "healthy for democracy". Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, Mr Jones said: "He should obviously go ahead with this book partly because whatever you think about the monarchy, it's important to have more transparency about how it works and what goes on. "They are obviously head of state and the Royal Family is our ruling family. "I don't think we know much about them at all. "There's The Crown, I guess. READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant "I think having an inside account from someone who might be critical and cast a light into the shadows of the Royal Family is actually healthy for our democracy. "But also I want all the messy details as well." It comes as royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti has warned the Royal Family that Harry has "plenty to tell". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sacerdoti said: "We know that they have these commercial contracts in place with Spotify and Netflix and we may see something coming out of those. "We also know on their imitation royal tour to New York, it was rumoured they were filming for some project because there was a cameraman spotted who wasn't part of the press park and Prince Harry was seen wearing a concealed microphone with a wire sticking out. "It was assumed they were filming for something during that trip. "Then of course there's Harry's book, he signed that massive publishing deal. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex taken [INSIGHT]Camilla is all smiles when greeting presenters of hit BBC show [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry 'rethinking' Spotify deal after Obamas drop streaming [ANALYSIS] "I think we can expect to see some controversy from that book because I don't think publishers pay that kind of money unless they expect to get something quite substantial in return. "Also, he's got plenty to tell. "He's got quite a life story that people are interested in reading about. "I suspect we might be seeing some of that but exactly what they bring out next, I don't know." READ NEXT: Prince Andrew could lose royal home in Windsor once Charles is kingMeghan and Harry forced Charles to shelve monarchy plansHarry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royalsKate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claimKate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry