Rafael Nadal believes he would miss up to three months of action if he fulfilled his Wimbledon semi-final against Nick Kyrgios. Nadal has pulled out of the tournament ahead of Friday's match due to an abdominal injury. The 36-year-old was suffering badly with the injury during his quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz on Wednesday and a scan has since shown a tear in his abdomen. He dug deep to pull off a remarkable tiebreak win in the fifth set. But Nadal missed his public training session on Court 10 on Thursday and instead hid himself away on a practice court. And it appears the injury was giving him too much discomfort and he has decided to withdraw from the competition. Speaking at a press conference on Thursday evening, the Spaniard said he would be set for an extended period on the sidelines if he did choose to carry on in his attempts of winning at SW19 for a third time. Nadal said: "The most important thing is happiness more than any title.  "I can't risk that much and stay two, three months outside of the competition because that's going to be a tough thing for me. If that happens, it happens, not because I was not doing things the proper way." Kyrgios has now been handed a walkover and will face either Novak Djokovic or Britain's Cameron Norrie in Sunday's final. Nadal missed much of 2021 with a foot injury but came back in stunning fashion in 2022. He won the first two Grand Slams of the year at the Australian Open and French Open. He was aiming to win the calendar Grand Slam but that now will not be possible.  Nadal said he had thought long and hard on Thursday before deciding it was the right decision to withdraw. He added: "The communication is late because even like that I was thinking the whole day about the decision to make but I think it don’t make sense to go, even if I tried a lot in my career to keep going. "Very tough circumstances in that one I think it's obvious if I keep going the injury is gonna get worse and worse. I made this decision because I can’t be competitive and win the next two matches. I don’t want to make things worse, but I am very sad." 