The Government has raised the tax’s threshold which will save millions of workers around £330 a year, according to the Government. This is the equivalent of £30 a month and comes after the Treasury’s decision to hike National Insurance payments by 1.25 percentage points. Due to the cost of living crisis, this move received criticism from MPs and financial experts but the most recent change is set to rectify the initial payment hike. He said he would increase the annual National Insurance threshold for employees, as well as for the self-employed. The threshold is the point at which people begin to pay the standard rate of the levy on their salary or on their profits. Mr Sunak confirmed the primary threshold for the main rate of National Insurance would rise £9,880 to £12,570 from July 2022. Some 30 million are to benefit from this change and make an annual saving of £330, according to the Government. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Around 70 percent of those who have been paying National Insurance will pay less contributions. People will continue to pay less even when the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy is taken into account, which will be used to pay for the UK’s social care sector. On top of this, the Government estimates 2.2 million people will stop paying Class 1 and Class 4 National Insurance contributions and the Health and Social Care Levy all together. Changes to the National Insurance threshold were implemented earlier this month (July 6) and will likely save households £30 a month.  Financial experts have cited the decision as being “some good news” for those on low incomes. Steven Cameron, Aegon’s pension director, noted how National Insurance has been prone to multiple changes over the last couple of years. Mr Cameron explained: “The Chancellor has been playing swings and roundabouts with income tax and National Insurance. “Freezing most income tax thresholds until 2026 is dragging millions more people into paying more income tax as wages rise. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack “The employee rate of National Insurance also increased in April from 12 percent to 13.25 percent to help the NHS recover from the pandemic and in future to fund the Government’s share of social care.” However, the pension expert broke down how the changes will be good for the majority of Britons, including those who are hoping to get the full state pension. He added: “There’s some good news as the lower threshold of earnings on which employees pay National Insurance is increasing which for most will mean a boost in take-home pay of around £30 per month. “Raising the threshold will also take over two million people out of paying National Insurance altogether. “In further good news, those no longer paying NICs will still receive credits towards their future state pension as long as they earn above £6,396 a year. “While this will be welcomed by those individuals, it does call into question the sustainability of state pension funding with today’s state pensions being paid for from the NICs of today’s workers." Alice Haine, Personal Finance Analyst at Bestinvest, added:  “However, from July 6, the threshold at which National insurance kicks in increases from £9,880 (the increase introduced on April 6, up from the previous £9,568) to £12,570, bringing it in line with the income tax threshold, giving 2.2 million workers a complete break from NI payments, though they will still receive all the benefits that come with paying the levy. “This equates to a saving of over £330 on average, when compared to the previous three months of National Insurance contributions, with the cash boost also set to benefit a further 30 million typical employees earning over the new £12,570 threshold, including higher earners."