England will face either France or Germany in the final which kicks off at 5pm on Sunday. Prince William is due to be at Wembley for the match with speculation around whether other members of the Cambridge household will join him to cheer on the Lionesses. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer tweeted earlier today: "It’s now confirmed that the Duke of Cambridge will be at Wembley to see England in the Women’s Euro 2022 final against either Germany or France on Sunday. "Will he bring anyone else? Not confirmed yet. Many fans would love to see Princess Charlotte there." Royal fan Toria replied: "Definitely would be a brilliant message to send to the nation. #thisgirlcan." Fellow Twitter user Belle chimed in: "Bet he’ll bring Charlotte and George too. It would be a wonderful thing to show his children our amazing team."  Twitter user Courtney said: "I would love to see Princess Charlotte and of course Prince George." And Twitter user Katemiddleton_royalstyle added: "It would be amazing if he [brought] the two of them! Hope Kate will make it on time to attend too!" Fellow royal fan Eliza commented: "What a great daddy/daughter day it would be." The Lionesses, who have never won the competition, triumphed over Sweden 4-0 on Tuesday night with goals from Beth Mead, Lucy Bronze, Alessia Russo and Fran Kirby.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN AND A ROW IN HOLLYWOOD The semi-final was watched by an average TV audience of 7.9 million, according to overnight figures. Prince William welcomed the historic win in a tweet of his own, saying: "Congratulations Lionesses on making it to the #WEURO2022 final on Sunday. "The entire country is so proud of everything you’re achieving. We believe in you and will be with you all the way! W." The second in line to the throne will be at the match in his official role as President of the Football Association.  DON'T MISS: New report sheds light on why the cost of Lurpak keeps going up [REVEALED] John Wayne's struck down by child after being 'cruel' to animal [REPORT] Harry and William's feud will continue over Meghan's 'victim tendency' [LATEST] But no doubt William will be cheering England on as a committed football fan, and lifelong supporter of Aston Villa. Charlotte has reportedly inherited her father's love of the beautiful game and is apparently a keen football player.  In a recent visit to a Lionesses' training session, the Duke of Cambridge revealed Charlotte was "really good in goal". He went on to describe his daughter as a "budding star for the future". Prince George is also believed to support Aston Villa, although Charlotte's preferred team is as yet unknown. As well as football, Charlotte is also believed to have followed in her mother's footsteps by developing an interest in tennis.  The Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George and Princess Charlotte have reportedly been spotted playing at exclusive The Hurlingham Club. George has apparently been taking lessons since he was four. Princess Charlotte's favourite sport, however, may be one shared by her great grandmother, the Queen. Kate told British Olympian Natasha Baker in 2018 that Charlotte really enjoyed riding. 