Anyone thinking of upgrading their MacBook Air should avoid heading to an Apple Store today. The reason for that warning is that Apple unveiled an all-new Air last month during its WWDC Developers Conference and it will finally be available to pre-order from tomorrow, July 8. It's a major upgrade and one that's definitely worth waiting for with this updated machine getting the mighty M2 processor under its aluminium shell which pushes performance to a whole new level. In fact, this Apple silicon can power through tasks such as video editing around 40 percent faster than before. It's also far more efficient meaning improved battery life with the Air able to keep going for around 19 hours without needing a refill. You can read all about the power of the M2 chip in our new MacBook Pro 13-inch review which also includes that very same brain. Along with that new processor, there's plenty more to get excited about with this laptop receiving an improved 13.6-inch Retina Screen which now pushes closer to the edge of the case. With 1 billion colours and 500 nits of brightness, it should offer a much-improved and more immersive viewing experience. Helping those nightly boxset binges are four-speakers and owners will look better in those daily Zoom calls thanks to a pin-sharp 1080p FaceTime HD. Another bonus of this new laptop is that it gets MagSafe charging which means it won't fly off your lap if someone trips on the cable and you can see when it's fully charged via the glowing indicator on the connector. Those opting for the more premium 10-core model will also get a new 35W compact power adapter with double USB-C ports allowing them to charge two devices at the same time. This is the first MacBook Air that is also compatible with faster 67W charging speeds although anyone wanting to take advantage will need to splash out on an upgraded power adapter. Of course, like all MacBooks there;'s also a market-leading Force Touch trackpad, premium design and it runs on the latest version of MacOS. If those specs have got you excited then the new MacBook Air will be available to pre-order from tomorrow with Apple shipping them from July 15. Prices start from £1,249 for the entry-level M2 machine with an 8-core GPU with things rising to over £1,500 for the 10-core version. It ships in four colours including a standard SPace Grey and Silver along with new Starlight and Midnight shades. Express.co.uk hopes to bring you a full review of the MacBook Air soon so watch this space if you want to know more.