Sevilla are this year's visitors for the Emirates Cup as Arsenal prepare for their final pre-season match. The Gunners tasted defeat in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Brentford in midweek but had won their five previous games in the build up to the new campaign. Mikel Arteta has been busy in the transfer market, bringing in five new signings. There are also a host of players back from loan spells away from the club. Most players have featured at least once in pre-season, with Takehiro Tomiyasu and new signing Fabio Vieira the only two not to play any minutes due to injury. Arsenal start their Premier League campaign away at Crystal Palace next Friday evening. Arteta has several dilemmas ahead of finalising his starting XI. Express Sport picks five players in particular who are hoping to perform against Sevilla and earn a spot in Arteta's side. READ MORE: Man Utd could be about to sign another Falcao and Tevez  Saliba is back from Marseille and is desperate to play if he stays at Arsenal. The Frenchman has done well in pre-season and earned plenty of praise from his manager. Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes were the preferred partnership at the back last term. But Saliba will be hoping he can push his case to start on the opening day, with the visit of Sevilla his first appearance at the Emirates. With Tomiyasu perhaps not fully fit, Cedric would normally be the next in line at right-back. However, Arteta has used White in that position at times in recent weeks in order to accommodate Saliba. Cedric therefore is in a fight to start at Selhurst Park. Though after the torrid time Wilfried Zaha gave him in April, Arteta may have already made his mind up on this one. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have made calls' to agents of Fabian Ruiz over fourth transferChelsea poised to lose midfielder as star drops social media hintReal Madrid 'offered Werner and two other players' as they eye Benzema deputy  Smith Rowe has been missing from the last few friendlies due to a minor injury. However, he is now back in training. The arrival of Vieira will only make competition for places stronger. Whether Smith Rowe is fit to play a part against Sevilla remains to be seen. Martinelli has looked good in pre-season and may be confident of starting next Friday. However, his goal return did not reach the desired level last term. He and Smith Rowe could be in a straight shootout for a spot on the left of attack. A solid performance against this weekend's Spanish opponents will help Martinelli's cause.  Nketiah finished last season with five goals in his last seven Premier League appearances. The 23-year-old signed a new long-term contract earlier this summer to end speculation over his future. However, the arrival of Gabriel Jesus undoubtedly makes Nketiah the second-choice striker for Arteta. However, the Gunners boss is not totally against playing both players and Nketiah will be hoping to make himself undroppable. 