If Wordle is just a bit too easy for you, then chances are you're more of a Quordle person. The difference with Quordle is that players must figure out four words instead of just one - and in just nine attempts! Like Wordle on steroids, Quordle makes it extremely difficult to build up any kind of winning streak, which is where Express Online comes in. Indeed, if you're struggling with today's Quordle, simply head to the bottom of the page for some spoiler-free hints and clues to help you solve Quordle 175 for July 18. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter T. 2. The first word contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. Another letter also appears twice. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter H. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. Where you stay when you're on holiday. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter S. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. Letter in the Greek alphabet. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter V. 2. The fourth word contains three vowels. 3. What killed the radio star.