Carol Kirkwood has become one of the nation's sweethearts as she is a regular face on BBC Breakfast, informing viewers of the latest weather developments. Most recently, she was reporting on the heatwave but on Friday morning, she was in the BBC Radio 2 studio to speak on The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show. The meteorologist was asked about her plans for the big day but there was not much to talk about as it seems the weather presenter is taking a lax approach to her second wedding. Joining presenter Zoe Ball, Carol was delighted to speak about her engagement and the former Strictly Come Dancing It Takes Two host had a list of questions to ask her. Zoe inquired: "How are plans? I imagine you don't want to share too many details but have you thought of where and how and when? "Or have you changed your mind [about marrying him]? Or is it going to be a long engagement?" the presenter continued. Carol replied to her friend: "I definitely haven't changed my mind, we're definitely getting married, it is going to happen. "But we have no plans at the moment. The last time I was engaged was 20 years ago, no, 40 years ago and so it's just nice to wallow." READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party "Just wallowing in this period of being engaged," the meteorologist continued, before explaining she will get married eventually. "We've both been really busy so we haven't planned anything at all as yet but I will let you know when we do," Carol said. The couple keep their relationship private, with the former Strictly Come Dancing star making the most of spending time with her man. Talking about how they got on at home, Carol said: "He always makes me a cup of tea before I go to work in the morning. "Which is very romantic - it's 2.45am and he often leaves me a little love note for when I come home from work. "That, to me, is worth a million red roses," she explained in an interview with Prima Magazine, before adding: "He is the best thing that's ever happened to me, without a shadow of a doubt." Unfortunately, the proposal itself didn't go as conventionally as either Carol or her fiancé would have wanted it to go. Discussing the moment her partner was going to ask for her hand in marriage, Carol explained: "He took me by surprise. "We went for a picnic down by the river and we were just sitting there and you could see he was fumbling a bit. "And I thought, 'What's the matter with you?' And the next thing, he's on his knee and he had the ring and he proposed." DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband [COMMENT]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on mystery fiancé and his proposal [COMMENT]TV host to best-selling writer: Carol Kirkwood on life and love [COMMENT] "I thought he was joking," she continued, adding: "I ruined it. I said, 'Oh, you're having a laugh!' And he said, 'No, seriously, I've got the ring!' "And then I said, 'Well yes! Of course, I'll marry you.' He was delighted," she said during an appearance on The One Show. This will be Carol's second marriage as she previously tied the knot with cricketer Jimmy Kirkwood in 1990 and they were husband and wife for 18 years. Their marriage came to an end in 2008 when the couple got divorced and Carol might have thought she would never walk down the aisle again. The proposal happened in what was already a big year for her as the weather presenter also turned 60 years old back in May. Having reached a milestone age, it seems the meteorologist is very happy with where she is in her life as she explained: "I just love what I’m doing. "I’m about to turn 60 and very content with my lot," she said in an interview with Great British Life. She still lives by the same routine to make sure she fulfils her role on BBC Breakfast as she commented: "I have two alarms, I’d never wake up otherwise." When she isn't working, she manages to lie in until 4.30am as the weather presenter has trained her body clock to get up in the early hours of the morning. With a new book having launched and busy with work, it seems her wedding could be quite a while off yet. The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs weekdays at 6:30am on BBC Radio 2.