Biographer Tom Bower, known for unflinching takes on his subjects, will see 'Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors' hit the shelves on July 21. The account, released by Blink Publishing, will “tell the truth”, Mr Bower has previously said. Publicity material for the book said the biography will lean on “interviews from insiders who have never spoken before”. The pre-release material continued: "Tom Bower, Britain's leading investigative biographer, unpicks the tangled web surrounding the Sussexes and their relationship with the Royal Family. “From courtroom dramas to courtier politics, using extensive research, expert sourcing and interviews from insiders who have never spoken before, this book uncovers an astonishing story of love, betrayal, secrets and revenge." The book has been previously described as one the Duchess “will be dreading” by an author who “doesn’t pull his punches”. The book will be based on information provided by Meghan’s friends and foes, but she has not had any input herself. An anonymous source told The Sun: "This is the book Meghan will be dreading. "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. No stone will be left unturned." Mr Bower has previously slammed the Duchess of Sussex as having “trampled on all those on the way”, and that he had come across a number of “skeletons in the closet". READ MORE: Kate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite begging to go He claimed the Duchess had a personality transformation from her childhood and through to the start of her marriage to Prince Harry. He told Closer: "From what I can see, she became a completely different person when her career began taking off, when she joined [US drama] Suits and when she began dating Harry." He added that his perception of the Duchess was one of an "ambitious, unforgiving person". Mr Bower, dubbed the "Witchfinder General of contemporary biographers", then teased that the contents of the book will be a "great surprise". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p...[LIVE] Kate and William warned removing royal titles would be ‘madness’ [REACTION] Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' [ANALYSIS] He told GB News earlier this year: "I have found out things which are really quite extraordinary about her. "And I think that the public perception of her will be either confirmed or outraged or in any case, it'll be a great surprise." Mr Bower is no stranger to the inner workings of the Royal Family, having released 'Rebel Prince: The Power, Passion and Defiance of Prince Charles back in 2018'. This comes as the prospect of Prince Harry's memoir continues to linger over the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex, 37, called his account, published by Penguin Random House, a "heartfelt" and "intimate memoir". The book, which has no specific release date, is touted to be an "accurate and wholly truthful" retelling of the Duke's life. The publication date was tentatively tabled for later this year.