Princess Beatrice, 33, and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, welcomed their first child together on September 18, 2021. Only one glimpse of Sienna has been seen by royal fans after Easter Sunday when the royal couple travelled home from Windsor Castle. Some shots of Edoardo carrying Sienna were seen as they climbed into their car. However, no official shots of Sienna have ever been seen, not even for her christening back in April. Why is Beatrice intent on keeping her daughter private?  Angela Karanja, the founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “I believe every mother is entitled to choose whether their children’s matters should be private or public. “As long as they are at peace with it, it’s ok. If Beatrice feels this to be the best way to protect her daughter, then she should be allowed the liberties to do exactly that. The most important thing is that she is happy and at peace with that choice. “When parents, especially mothers are content and confident in their choices, they are more likely to thrive, and a thriving mum (psychologically thriving) often translates to a thriving child.”  Beatrice has a stepson through her husband, Edoardo, named Christopher and nicknamed Wolfie, six. Wolfie was seen at the pageant during the Platinum Jubilee alongside his dad and Beatrice. By integrating Wolfie into royal events, is this a good sign of Beatrice’s relationship with the young child? Angela continued: “I think this is a brilliant thing for Beatrice to do. There’s nothing as reassuring to any child as knowing they are wanted, and they belong. All children want is to be seen and valued. This is how a healthy and strong self-esteem is developed. “This is the case, whether they are birth children, adopted, fostered, stepchildren or even loaned children, i.e., living with grandparents, uncles and aunties. Even at school with teachers and other settings where children are for any lengths of time.”  Will Beatrice be more similar to her own mother, Fergie, when it comes to parenting, or her sister Princess Eugenie? Angela suggested: “Beatrice will be more similar to Eugenie, although the sisters have their own different styles even when it comes to parenting. “Eugenie is the more public one with more public announcements, sings public praises to her husband, child and family and often shares pictures. “Beatrice on the other hand makes statements with her appearances more than with her words and is more private about her family.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “This doesn’t mean one way is better than the other. As long as each is excelling in their space and choice that’s what matters as humans. We don’t all need to be the same. It would be boring not to have this diversity,” the expert noted. Angela expanded on the statements Beatrice has made that help explain her parenting style. She continued: “One recent public statement (not in words) that Beatrice made was with the very publicly reported incident when her card was declined during the Glastonbury festival. “How she responded was very remarkable and shows her ability to not be disturbed by issues, especially those she has no control over.   “In a situation where many people would have hidden in embarrassment and shame, she just took it on the chin and went back to continue enjoying the festival with her husband. “Right there Beatrice demonstrated she has mental fluidity and flexibility, the resilience essential as a parent because children throw you curveballs all the time. “The more mentally flexible and fluid we are as parents, the less frustrated we are with our children and the more connection we can have with them. “Connection is one of the greatest foundations for healthy child development. I suppose Sienna and Wolfie are fortunate to have Beatrice as their parent.” 