Claimants receive £69.70 through the benefit, which offers support to eligible people who care for someone for at least 35 hours a week. Those on the allowance automatically receive Class 1 National Insurance credits, contributing towards their state pension. The full basic state pension is £141.85 a week, for men born on or after April 6, 1951, and women born on or after April 6, 1953. Those born after these dates get the new state pension instead, and the full new state pension is currently £185.15 per week. How much state pension a person gets depends on their National Insurance record, with 10 years usually needed to get any state pension. To get the full basic state pension, people usually need a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions or credits. READ MORE: WASPI women issue state pension compensation warning For the full new state pension, a person will need 35 qualifying years to get the new full state pension, if they don't have a National Insurance record before April 6, 2016. If someone was contracted out before this date, they may get less than the full new state pension. A person may get more than the full new state pension if they would have had over a certain amount Additional State Pension under the old rules. It's possible to check one's state pension forecast online, via the Government tool. DON'T MISSState pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]Buy £2,750 of state pension for just £800 [INSIGHT]Why your £650 cost of living payment may not have arrived yet [UPDATE]Big change to National Insurance means millions will earn more in July [ALERT] Claimants of Carer’s Allowance do not have to be related to the person they care for. The amount does not increase if a claimant cares for more than one person. To claim the support, people need to be 16 or over, not in full-time education, and not earning more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment. This is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for pensions. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest People on Pension Credit can also boost their payments through this scheme if they are eligible for Carer’s Allowance. Claimants of Carer’s Allowance cannot accrue extra state pension during any period that they receive the allowance. Claiming Carer's Allowance might affect the other benefits that the carer and the person being cared for can get. Unpaid carers can also get help with housing payments if they are also entitled to Universal Credit. For example, schemes like WaterSure offer 50 percent off water bills. People who aren't eligible for Carer’s Allowance may also be able to apply for the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit worth £168.81 a month. This week, the Government has started sending the first instalment of a £650 cost of living payment to help people in low incomes. Households on means tested benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit will receive £650. Every UK home is to receive £400 as a discount on their energy bills to help with the soaring cost of living.