Liverpool star Roberto Firmino is reportedly closing in on a move to Juventus, which could have consequences for both Manchester United and Chelsea. The Italian side supposedly regard Red Devils striker Anthony Martial and Blues frontman Timo Werner as alternatives to Firmino, but both could be crossed off their wish list if the Brazilian's move is finalised. Firmino has been a stalwart of Jurgen Klopp's Anfield dynasty, joining in 2015 before forming part of one of world football's most recognisable attacking trios. That was officially broken up this summer when Sadio Mane joined Bayern Munich and although Mohamed Salah has signed a new deal, Firmino could be set to follow Mane out of the door. Juventus have tabled a £19million bid for the 30-year-old, who has one year remaining on his Reds contract. Corriere dello Sport claim that the move is now 'very close' after more negotiations, and Firmino is fully on board with the developments. Not only will the move have a major impact on Liverpool, who have already signed Darwin Nunez to rejuvenate their frontline this summer, but Man Utd and Chelsea too. JUST IN: Arsenal lose Brentford friendly despite Eddie Nketiah goal to end pre-season winning run Juve reportedly held Martial and Werner as alternatives to the Liverpool star, but are unlikely to press on with big-money signings if Firmino's move goes through. While the Red Devils and the Blues are each set to keep hold of a striker, the prospective Juve snub may not be well-received by both. United will presumably be delighted to keep hold of Martial after a prolific pre-season campaign, which saw him score in each of their first three matches in Australia. The Frenchman was thought to be in the shop window earlier this summer amid a prolonged struggle for form, but with Cristiano Ronaldo threatening to force an exit from Old Trafford, Martial's resurgence could be invaluable to Erik ten Hag this season. DON'T MISSEriksen 'scores on Man Utd debut' as Martinez makes bow in friendlyArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twist  As for Chelsea, Thomas Tuchel and Werner don't always see eye-to-eye, according to Sky Germany, and the Blues are supposedly weighing up whether to cut their losses over the coming weeks. The forward was reportedly included in a swap proposal for Nordi Mukiele before he signed for Paris Saint-Germain, and with interest from Juve also making headlines, Werner admitted that he could be happy elsewhere. "I'm surprised [at Werner's comments]," said Tuchel. "I would be very happy as a young guy to have a contract at Chelsea Football Club. I would be one of the happiest people on the planet. Show quality, take your place and defend your place. I would be one of the happiest people on the planet having a contract with Chelsea. If he said this, I do not understand." Resolving Chelsea's attack is thought to be a high priority for Tuchel, with Romelu Lukaku now back at Inter Milan on loan and Werner linked to other clubs. With the new season closing in, the boss and owner Todd Boehly are still focusing on defensive recruits after painfully missing out on Jules Kounde. Many Blues fans hope that Armando Broja can be the answer to their attacking prayers, but Express Sport understands that his camp are weighing up approaches from several clubs after his move to West Ham stalled.