Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is reportedly keeping tabs on Burnley winger Maxwel Cornet, who has a bargain release clause in his contract after the Clarets were relegated from the Premier League last season. The Blues' pursuit of Cornet would supposedly rest on Raphinha moving elsewhere, however, with Chelsea, Barcelona and others all strongly linked to the Leeds United star. Raphinha is certainly taking his time to decide what's next, having helped fire Leeds clear of relegation danger last term. Arsenal and Chelsea appeared to be battling it out between them just a couple of weeks ago, before Barca came barging back into the equation and resumed talks of their own. The Brazilian's preferred destination is thought to be the Camp Nou, but financial limitations could see La Blaugrana fall short of Leeds' £55million price tag. Chelsea already have an agreement with the Whites at that fee, but talks on personal terms have supposedly been put on hold. In the meantime, The Athletic claim that Boehly and co are tracking Burnley winger Cornet. The Ivorian has a cut-price £17.5m release clause in his contract, having joined Burnley from Lyon last summer. JUST IN: Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transfer The 25-year-old would therefore represent good value, given that he rattled in nine Premier League goals for the struggling Clarets last term. His versatility will also appeal to Blues boss Thomas Tuchel, with Cornet able to fill in as an out-and-out winger or at wing-back. Cornet has reported back for pre-season with Burnley, but the relegated side have already held talks with a number of clubs regarding his availability. His prospective unveiling in west London may not wow fans in the way that Raphinha's would, but at less than a third of the price, the signing would come with significantly less risk. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo being pushed towards Manchester United exit door by two players /sport/football/1635727/Chelsea-transfer-news-Matthijs-de-Ligt-picks-between-Premier-League-Bayern-Munich One situation which appears less volatile is that of Manchester City star Raheem Sterling. The 27-year-old, who is now in the prime years of his career, has grown frustrated at a lack of consistent game time under Pep Guardiola and is supposedly open to the challenge of ditching the Etihad for Stamford Bridge this summer. The two sides are reportedly in advanced negotiations for the transfer, which could set Boehly back more than the £45m Arsenal shelled out for ex-City star Gabriel Jesus. Sterling has just one year left on his City contract, but he is still one of the finest players in the Premier League and would automatically become one of Chelsea's standout squad members. Back in February, Guardiola refused to rule out the prospect of Sterling's exit this summer. "I have known Raheem for six seasons," he said. "During that period there are highs and lows. It's part of life. Teams are not honeymoons. There are problems and we have to solve them. "Nobody doubts how important he is. He has shown that. What I want is for all the players to play well. If we count the amount of games he played since we are together, it is a lot. He was a key player. In the future? I don't know what will happen. The club decides. When the club extends contracts, I give my opinion, but the club takes the decision, always."