The biggest tournament in tennis came to an action-packed conclusion on Sunday afternoon when record-chasing Novak Djokovic bested outspoken Aussie Nick Kyrgios 3-1 in this year’s Wimbledon men’s final. Among the star-studded crowd in attendance were royals Prince William, Prince George and Kate Middleton who basked in the scorching sun court-side in the royal box. However, while the action on the grass between the two finalists caught the eye, some spectators were quick to criticize the fact young royal George was watching the match in a suit - despite the temperature reaching towards the late-20s. However, weighing in on the backlash the royals received for leaving Prince George in the traditional attire, royal expert Russell Myers explained why. He joined Carol Vorderman on ITV’s Lorraine on Monday to point out that “rules are rules” when it comes to royal ensembles. “Prince George was feeling the heat in his little suit,” Carol began as she filled in for regular host Lorraine Kelly. “I know!” Russell replied. “I mean some people are saying, ‘Did he have to wear the suit?’ READ MORE: Cam Norrie shares 'disappointment' after Djokovic Wimbledon loss “But the rules are the rules in the royal box!” Russell emphasised. “Rules are rules,” Carol agreed before Russell pointed out this isn’t the first time George hasn’t been able to wear something more in keeping with a sporting event. “We’ve seen him at the football before wearing a suit which, you know, they probably could’ve let him wear a footy shirt when cheering on England…” Russell remarked. However, Carol did seem to sympathise with George and critics of the suit, claiming: “It was 35 degrees on Sunday!” Russell deliberated: “It was a little hot under the collar, poor Prince George. “However, he did get a special treat,” Russell went on, referring to the day out at the Wimbledon final. “People were asking Kate and William where were the other children, I’m sure Charlotte and Louis would definitely have loved to go.” “Can you imagine Louis…” Carol interjected as she chuckled, reminiscing on the young prince’s behaviour during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS:GMB viewers rage as Ed Balls repeatedly interrupts TugendhatGarraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at WimbledonJohn McEnroe shares regret over Wimbledon mistakes “Louis would’ve definitely been the star of the show,” Russell agreed. “But it was George’s special treat and what a treat! “First time going to Wimbledon and it’s not too bad to see the men’s final. “And he even got to hold the trophy, they got to meet Novak Djokovic right at the end (and) there was a bit of an embarrassing dad moment... “William told him, ‘Don’t drop it,’ and was sort of laying into him but I think he did rather well actually. He’s quite well in front of the cameras.” Despite the heat rising on centre court, Prince George and the Duke of Duchess of Cambridge remained in high spirits throughout. In the end, the trophy ended up in Djokovic’s grasp after he came back from being a set down to win 3-1 against Kyrgios. This marked Djokovic’s first Grand Slam victory since the same tournament last year and takes him to a near-record for men’s final victories, with only Roger Federicos ahead of his seven Wimbledon titles. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.