The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen has not been on screens since the end of November 2021 as she takes a break from filming Our Yorkshire Farm following the latest season. The last time she was on TV in the hugely popular Channel 5 docu-series, it was revealed that Amanda and Clive planned to up and move their large brood to a new location after they purchased a remote farmhouse in 2020. The family currently live in Ravenseat Farm, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire. So what’s it like inside? Channel Five’s Our Yorkshire Farm provides insight into a shepherdess and her family’s rural, unconventional life. It also shows viewers glimpses of the magnificent Yorkshire countryside, as well as the exterior and interior of Ravenseat Farm. Additionally, Amanda often takes to social media to share photos of the inside of her home, revealing the kitchen or the living room to fans. Ravenseat, which is owned by billionaire Robert Miller, is a 2,000 acre working farm. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce Amanda and Clive have lived in the property for more than 20 years and share the place with their nine children. The easiest and best way for fans to see what the inside of Ravenseat looks like is through Amanda’s social media, specifically Instagram. The shepherdess has posted photos of her living room, which featured a collection of brown leather sofas and a tiled floor. Against one wall was a large fireplace, surrounded by wood and metal panelling. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]‘The best way’ to water tomato plants - ‘important to their growth’ [TIPS] The room’s ceilings were low and the family’s washing hung from a line, dangling over the open fire in one picture. In one photo, Amanda’s children were huddled on one of the sofas, watching TV together. In the corner of the room, there was a window with a wide windowsill and long, faded pink curtains. Amanda has also shared glimpses of her kitchen and dining room with her followers READ MORE: ‘Significant’ factors that can slash £58,000 from property value The kitchen featured light brown, wooden working tops and a wall made of stone. The dining room had cream walls and doors with dark wooden frames. In one photo, the dining table was set for a delicious dinner of succulent lamb, laid at the centre of a white tablecloth. Both the table and the chairs were wooden. It was placed in front of a door leading outside and next to an exposed stone wall. In the background, bright red cabinets could be seen with three silver kettles seen resting on the hob. In another photo on Amanda’s Instagram, fans were able to see the house’s large front door entrance to the cottage. Wellingtons were hidden near the door’s entrance, which was open and displaying a view of a driveway and a brick wall. The floor has light tiles and there are white wooden beams at the side of the hallway. The Owen home also has a cloakroom near the front door where there is a radiator and hooks for coats. As well as Ravenseat Farm, Amanda and Clive also own a couple of other farmhouses that they rent out to visitors. These are the Shepherd’s Hut, which caters to two people, or a six-bed farmhouse called The Firs.