Formal invites were reportedly sent earlier this week for the event at the Prime Minister's official country residence in Buckinghamshire on Sunday. A Tory source told Sky News: "The invitation comes from Mr and Mrs Johnson. "It is their farewell bash at Chequers this weekend. "Partners and children are all invited." It is understood to be a private event with no taxpayers' money used to fund it at the grace and favour estate. Downing Street did not deny that Mr Johnson was hosting a party at Chequers this weekend. A No 10 spokesman said: "As is usual practice, any political events would be for my political colleagues, it wouldn't be a question for me, but I confirmed that the PM will be in Chequers over the weekend." It comes as Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse is chairing an emergency Cobra meeting today to discuss the escalating heatwave. A national emergency has been declared and the UK's first ever red extreme heat warning has been issued as temperatures could hit a scorching 40C next week. Meteorologists have warned the record high temperatures could put lives at risk. Asked if the Prime Minister was involved in the heatwave discussions, his spokesman said: "As always the Prime Minister is kept up to date with all the latest information." Pressed if he would be joining talks from Chequers, the spokesman added: "He's kept thoroughly updated on the latest situation." It comes as five Tories remain in the leadership race to replace Mr Johnson. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak came out on top in Thursday's ballot of Conservative MPs, with trade minister Penny Mordaunt second. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss was third, Kemi Badenoch fourth and Tom Tugendhat fifth. Attorney General Suella Braverman fared the worst in the second round and was eliminated. Mr Braverman came out in support of Ms Truss as the right of the party seeks to rally round a single candidate. The next vote is due on Monday, with subsequent rounds if required until two candidates are left, who will then battle it out over the summer to win the support of Conservative members. Their choice of the next prime minister will be announced on September 5. Mr Johnson will then formally tender his resignation to the Queen to make way for his successor the following day. 