The job listing describes the ideal candidate as someone able to handle sensitive information “with tact and discretion” at all times. The role was posted this week on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s website.  The lucky candidate will be hired for the role described as an “exciting opportunity” to handle the couple’s Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Youtube accounts. The position will have many opportunities - such as getting to work at the historic Kensington Palace and overseeing the royal couple’s huge social media presence. The job is advertised as just under 38 hours a week and will be a permanent position with the title of Digital Communications Officer. The responsibilities of the job will include working with the Royal Communications Team to “shape and manage” the royal couple’s social media. Ideal candidates will be someone with plenty of experience working on ‘high profile’ social media accounts as well as someone skilled in photography, videography and editing.   The job will be to manage the Royal Family’s social media channels which include Instagram, Twitter and Youtube. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have over 2.4million followers on Twitter and over 13.9million followers on Instagram. It means that whoever takes on the role of leading the royal couple’s social media presence will be posting to a huge audience. Last year Prince William and Kate set up their Youtube channel a year ago and have more than 600,00 subscribers. Their videos give the general public a personal insight into behind-the-scenes footage of royal appearances, world tours and public speeches. READ MORE: 'Help on hand for Prince Andrew' as Joe Wicks heads to royal estate  The Royal Household stresses on the job listing that they believe diversity of modern society is its “greatest asset”. The position will be rewarded to the “very best talent” regardless of gender, race, ethnic or national origin, disability, gender, religious status, sexual orientation or age. The job listing added that the royal household will continue to recruit “from the widest possible pool” with a “fair, open and accessible” approach. The ideal candidate should also have a wide range of knowledge of the “diversity of communities” in the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth and worldwide.  DON'T MISS: Prince George snapped looking ‘same height’ as ‘Gan gan’ [REPORT] Queen's aide warned 'Meghan and Harry's wedding would end in tears [REVEAL]Queen invites Harry and Meghan to Balmoral for summer [INSIGHT] The Duke and Duchess will be looking for someone with plenty of experience in social media as the potential candidate will work with the royal couple’s many charity patronages. A salary for the Digital lead has not currently been made available on the job listing. The job vacancy will be open until August 2 and will close at 11:55pm.