Stranger Things season five is on its way to Netflix and it will bring the characters' storylines to an end. After season four, Will Byers actor Noah Schnapp confirmed his character was gay and had feelings for his friend Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard). A theory by Express.co.uk suggests Will could become jealous of Eleven's (Millie Bobby Brown) relationship with Mike. Stranger Things fans could not help but feel emotional watching Will Byers in season four. The youngster had a tough time as he watched his friend Eleven being taken away from the family. He was also dealing with his own internal conflicts as he navigated his own sexuality. Will seemed visibly upset whenever he saw Mike and Eleven getting close as if he was envious of their relationship. This led fans to wonder whether Will was gay and had feelings for Mike. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 5 theory: Eddie's fate sealed as fans spot clue Once the season had aired, actor Noah confirmed season four paved the way for Will's sexuality to come to light. He told Variety: "Now that he’s gotten older, they made it a very real, obvious thing. "Now it’s 100 per cent clear that he is gay and he does love Mike. But before, it was a slow arc. "I think it is done so beautifully because it’s so easy to make a character just like all of a sudden be gay." Will has not made his feelings for Mike publicly known yet, but this could change. His brother Jonathan (Charlie Heaton) has sussed out what has been going on, and he may convince Will to open up to Mike. However, Mike may not take the news well as he believes he and Will are just very good friends. With Mike unable to understand what Will is going through, it may force Will to become even more jealous of his relationship with Eleven. Although he does not want to fall out with El, his feelings for Mike may become too strong to ignore. He could start to turn away from Eleven as he is unable to stand being around her. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Brenner to return from the dead [THEORY] What is the Mind Flayer in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 5 theory: Max to escape Vecna [THEORY] Will may feel she is a constant reminder of what he will never have. Fans already believe the youngest Byers sibling will have an important role to play in season five. It could be that he turns his back on Eleven for the majority of the season, but has a change of heart at the last minute. He could swoop in to save the day, as he too has a connection to Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). The character may sacrifice himself for the greater good if it means his friends get to live. As Mike will always be his best friend, he could realise he only wants what is best for him. Fans have taken to Reddit to share their thoughts on Will's character development. ProvoqGuys said: "The amount of times I have seen that are pushing for the 'Will is in love with El' is so funny. "Thank gosh they finally stated it."  Stranger Things season 5 will air on Netflix in 2024.