One of EastEnders’ favourite couples was torn apart in recent months when Callum Highway (played by Tony Clay) walked away from Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) when he thought he had willingly spent the night with another man. Callum has no idea Lewis Butler (Aidan O’Callaghan) raped his husband qnd official BBC soap spoilers suggest the couple may never get the chance to work things out when Ben puts himself in critical danger.    /latest/bbc In next week’s episodes, Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) continues to worry about her son’s state of mind. She’s unimpressed when she realises James has stayed the night with Ben. As the mother and son discuss plans for later, she reminds him it’s his daughter’s dance exam later. Ben promises not to ruin Lexi’s day and assures his mum he’ll attend the family meal later on in the day. At the Minute Mart, Suki Panesar (Balinder Sopal) tries to make amends with Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol). Read more: EastEnders theory: Alfie Moon crashes Kat and Phil's wedding   But, tensions rise when they realise Ben is listening in to their conversation. The Mitchell bad boy tries to offer his former friend some advice but Kheerat isn’t interested. Later, Ben turns up late for Lexi’s exam and his daughter struggles to hide her disappointment. When he explains why he was delayed, things go from bad to worse and Ben fights with regret. Lexi tells her dad she misses the old Ben causing him to lash out and snap at her.    The young girl is horrified by her dad’s cruel words and breaks down in tears. Ben turns to Tez for drugs as he tries to numb the pain he’s in. Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) notices the exchange and warns Ben to get his act together. Forgetting about his family meal, Ben meets James at a party where the pair take drugs together. DON'T MISS'Stopped paying my TV licence!' EastEnders icon blasts BBC  [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway's exit sealed as he kills Karen [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Freddie Slater returns after Little Mo's death SPOILER]    As Ben struggles to keep control of his emotions, James sends him home. The Mitchell businessman remembers where he should be and leaves an emotional voicemail for his daughter to let her know he’s on his way. However, tragedy strikes and the father-of-one collapses in the street. Lexi is devastated when she realises her father is a no show for her meal.    Her family try to comfort her but anger turns to concern when Lexi plays the voicemail from Ben. Kathy, Callum and Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) rush off to find him but they fear they’re too late. The trio find him with no pulse and quickly call for help but will it be too late? The paramedics rush him to hospital but EastEnders fans will have to wait to find out whether Ben will pull through. Could Ben’s struggle with the breakdown of his marriage lead to his tragic and untimely death? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   