Prince William and Kate Middleton have spent a lot of time in Anmer Hall over the past two years, especially at the start of the pandemic and during the UK's national lockdowns. The property was given to Kate and William as a wedding gift when they wed in 2011. Although it was originally built in 1802, Anmer Hall has drastically changed since, having been given a makeover by William and Kate. The property's interior design has been transformed to Kate's liking, designed to suit her tastes and desires. The public have seen glimpses inside Anmer Hall thanks to videos and pictures posted by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to their social media accounts during the national lockdowns, when they would carry out royal engagements virtually. While sitting on the sofa in their home's living room, William and Kate would hold video calls with various people and later broadcast these calls publicly. READ MORE: Kate uses ‘shielding gesture’ to protect George at Wimbledon - expert In the videos, it was clear to see that one living room featured a soft green sofa with decorated with patterned cushions. Behind the sofa, there was a wooden oak chest of drawers adorned with framed photos of William and Kate with their children. Huge green plants stood either side of the chest and the walls behind them were creamy white. Another room, where the royal couple again sat together during video calls, showed a large white arched doorway and a small painting in a gold frame hanging on the wall.  In one video posted to social media, William sat in a room featuring a fire place, a small wooden clock, and a wooden sideboard where William had placed the FA Cup Trophy, which he owns. Refurbing Anmer Hall reportedly cost Kate and William a whopping £1.5million. The fee isn't a huge surprise considering how big the property is: the mansion boasts 10 bedrooms and even has a swimming pool and a tennis court. Describing Anmer Hall, art historian Sir Roy Strong called it a "comfortable, unpretentious Georgian building". As well as being private and peaceful, Anmer Hall has been renovated to suit Kate's interiors taste. Steph Briggs, Celebrity TV Interior Designer & Co-Founder of La Di Da Interiors previously told Express.co.uk: "Kate is rumoured to have designed it herself, alongside the renowned architect and designer Ben Pentreath, and it is very much in her personal style of Modern Classic. "From the muted pale green-grey tones of the walls through to the limestone-coloured doors and woodwork, the period features are embraced yet brought up to date with a nod to the on-trend Nordic style. "Her [Kate’s] knowledge of art history is evident in her well balanced and respectful interior choices. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "Her house clearly has magnificent heritage, but it is also relaxed and comfortable with a curated modern look." A royal source told People Magazine "there's no airs and graces" at Anmer Hall, which is very much "a normal, busy family home". Another royal source spoke to the Telegraph, adding: "There is very little going on at all at Anmer. "It is certainly not a social hotbed and there aren't any fabulous shops to visit."