 In his upcoming book, ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors,’ investigative journalist Tom Bower claimed that Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle had "convinced themselves" during their royal tour in Oceania that Prince William was "jealous of their success". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's first tour abroad as a married couple was a stellar success. Over the course of 16 days, Meghan and Harry carried out 75 engagements across Australia, Fiji, New Zealand and Tonga, where they were consistently welcomed by huge crowds of well-wishers. In an extract published by The Sunday Times, the author sensationally claimed: "On October 23, one week into the tour, the die was cast.  "Harry and Meghan seemed to have convinced themselves that William was jealous of their success in Australia. The time was right for 'change'. They needed to break out of Kensington Palace’s claustrophobic fishbowl. "Harry proposed that the Palace should rewrite the rulebook.” However, upon their return, Meghan and Harry felt as if their successful tour was not credited appropriately, with the Duke later telling Oprah Winfrey in their tell-all interview: “They [the Firm] were really welcoming... but it changed after the Australia tour.” When Oprah asked whether there were “hints of jealousy”, the Duke responded by saying: “I just wish that we would all learn from the past.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry snubbed as ‘fading force’ for leaving UK – ‘Not the real thing anymore’  Reports of a rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family began to surface, and just over two years later, the Duke and Duchess announced that they would be leaving the Firm. Harry’s relationship with Meghan was widely blamed for the breakdown of his relations with his family, but one royal author has claimed the tension dates back to long before the former Hollywood actress entered the fold. Christopher Andersen, the author of ‘Brothers and Wives: Inside The Private Lives of William, Kate, Harry, and Meghan’, said “The seeds of this rift were really planted in childhood between William and Harry.” He told Kinsey Schofield, the host of the To Di For Daily podcast: “That the heir and the spare… now I see it. I did not see it 20 years ago when I wrote Diana’s Boys, I thought, this is this brotherly bond that will never be broken because they’ve gone through things that nobody else in the world has ever experienced, but clearly the heir and the spare dynamic is doomed to failure.  “It’s just not going to work and the spare is only going to end up feeling trod upon.” In keeping with the hereditary nature of the Royal Family, the focus tends to be on the direct line of succession, which means Prince Charles, William and his children are often at the forefront of royal events. Most recently, Queen Elizabeth II closed her Platinum Jubilee celebrations with a meaningful balcony appearance. The monarch was accompanied by Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.  While also celebrating her monumental milestone, Her Majesty wanted to draw attention to the future of the monarchy. According to royal author Andrew Morton, Harry found the “hierarchy” of the Royal Family “frustrating.” In his 2018 biography, ‘Meghan: A Hollywood Princess’, Mr Morton wrote: "They [Harry and Meghan] were coming to appreciate that in the royal hierarchy, no matter how popular, inspiring or relevant they were to the outside world, they were low down on the royal totem pole. "Both William and Harry were funded by their father and it was often the case that Harry's ambitions did not match Prince Charles's budget.  “His brother, as the future king, would always take priority. "It may have been frustrating, it may have led to rows and jealousy, but that was the way it was and that was the way it was always going to be." Meghan and Harry stepped down from their roles within the Firm and relocated to the US in March 2020. They returned to the UK with their children for the first time since their exit last month, when the Royal Family spent a weekend celebrating the historic reign of the Queen.  Meghan and Harry reportedly spent no private time with William and Kate and jetted back to the States before the final event — the Platinum Pageant — before it came to an end. Their next opportunity to reunite may come across the pond when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travel stateside for the Earthshot Prize, which William will host alongside a number of star-studded guests.  So far, Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank are the only members of the Royal Family to visit Meghan and Harry in their Montecito mansion. However, royal expert Neal Sean believes that William and Kate will be too busy to fit in a reunion. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: “It would be an ideal situation to take the time out to meet. When you think about it, both in the same country and away from prying eyes because it's a little bit easier to get away from the media over there because it's such a vast place." He added: "Regarding William and Catherine that sadly that will not be possible. They're planning a packed schedule with no private time for visits or downtime.” ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors' was written by Tom Bower and will be published by Blink Publishing on July 21. 221983872365366