Bayern Munich have reportedly held talks with Harry Kane's entourage after losing star striker Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona. Tottenham may be surprised to learn about the contact due to the star's contract situation 'prohibiting' official negotiations, but the German giants have supposedly put the feelers out regarding a blockbuster transfer in 2023. Replacing a player like Lewandowski is no mean feat, with the Pole having scored at a rate of more than one goal per game for three consecutive seasons. He asked to leave this summer after eight prolific years, and Barcelona forked out the cash to eventually grant his wish. Kane is one of the players capable of stepping into such a daunting role, even if a move over the next few weeks would be virtually impossible due to his importance to Antonio Conte's plans. But with the Italian boss due to be out of contract in north London at the end of 2022/23, Bild claim that Bayern have already obtained information from Kane's camp over the possibility of a move next summer. The revelation comes days after Bayern chief Oliver Kahn admitted that signing the England captain would be a 'dream for the future', sparking concern among Spurs fans. JUST IN: Jules Kounde's next club 'confirmed' as Barcelona chief addresses Chelsea transfer hijack Although Bayern's enquiries were supposedly met with a negative response from Kane's camp, plenty can change over the course of a season. While the striker is thought to be delighted working under Conte for the time being, he may not be so settled if the Italian jumps ship after seeing out his contract. Last summer, Kane was heavily linked with Manchester City and admitted that he needed to have an honest conversation with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. The 28-year-old is in contention to become record goal-scorer for England and in the Premier League, but he is yet to win a trophy at club or international level.  A desire to begin his silverware collection places extra pressure for Spurs to produce results this season. Conte has been granted six new signings, including back-up and competition for Kane in the form of Richarlison, amid a feeling that something special is brewing in north London. Furthermore, the Italian suggests that more could be in the pipeline if an enticing opportunity arises. While Kane's future is an issue for the Lilywhites to worry about in a year's time, they have pressing matters to attend to between now and the end of the summer. Transfer chief Fabio Paratici held meetings in Italy this week with finding solutions for Japhet Tanganga and Bryan Gil on the agenda, and a host of other incomings and outgoings are thought to have been discussed with AC Milan, Roma and Sampdoria.  Tanguy Ndombele's name was another reportedly mentioned after he was left out of Spurs' pre-season tour squad, and former Premier League goalkeeper Shaka Hislop has urged the north London side to find him a new home. "Move him on," he told ESPN. "My only concern here is where does he go? I think Ndombele is an incredibly talented footballer. Maybe he just wasn’t a good fit. There was a lot of rumours and speculation about his attitude, which I don’t buy into. I know how good of a player he can be. If I have a manager who can be a very good man-manager, then I would take that chance." 