Sandra (played by Joanne Mitchell) washed her hands of being Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) mother last year on Emmerdale when she couldn't cope with her daughter having an epileptic attack when they were enjoying a heavy drinking session. This week on the ITV soap will see the mother of one come face to face with her child for the first time since she handed Liv back to Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) so she would be safe. However, it seems she will have motives for wanting to see her child, more than just checking in on her, but could one of the reasons be she needs Liv's help to ensure she doesn't die? The drama continues in next week's episodes as Sandra tells her daughter she owes a man named Terry £4,000 which will instantly put Liv and Vinny Dingle's (Bradley Johnson) backs up against the wall. She will try to play the victim, telling them she has been taken advantage of and the alcoholic pleads with the couple to believe her. Liv agrees to let her mother stay on the condition she blocks Terry's number and keeps herself to herself to not draw any unnecessary attention. However, Liv isn't too sure about the situation as she believes her mother is still lying about something and not being wholly truthful. It will seem the youngster can't put her finger on it but in upcoming scenes, Sandra could ask her daughter for the favour of a lifetime. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge It could be Sandra has recently been told the impact of being an alcoholic has taken a toll on her body and she is in serious need of an operation. The need for a liver transplant would be detrimental to ensuring she doesn't die and she would know Liv could provide her with this. Once she knew her daughter trusted her again, the mother of one could ask Liv if she would mind getting tested for the transplant. At first, Liv would be shocked to think her mother's drinking had gotten so bad she had damaged a vital organ and would be on the cusp of death. Although Sandra has never been a good mother to her, the young woman wouldn't want her to die either as she is her last surviving parent. Vinny would be skeptical of Sandra's request, admitting to Liv she could have waited on the transplant list for the operation. He would remind his wife his mother-in-law only seems to care about her daughter when she needs something from her and that is not how a mother should behave. Liv would be conflicted over what to do and whether her mother would actually die if she didn't help her get a transplant sooner. Will her mother's secret cause her marriage to fall apart or will Vinny agree to support his wife whatever decision she makes? The actress who plays Sandra, Joanne, has spoken out about her return to the show and what's in store for the Flaherty women. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] Hinting her character could be hiding something, Joanne told Express.co.uk and other media: "She's definitely a functioning alcoholic. "But I think she is definitely playing on it for Liv's benefit so Liv will take pity on her, feel sorry for her and welcome her into the fold. "Because, as we've said, Liv is a really kind character and at the end of the day, I think she wants her mum to be ok. "And Sandra sees that and continues to play on it," she added before stating whether she thinks Sandra believes her daughter is a soft touch. Joanne explained: "Liv knows she has let Sandra back into her life before and they've got on very, very well." "I think she genuinely loves her mother. I think she feels the guilt from leaving her mum when her mum was probably needing her after what happened with Gordon," she continued. "There must be something buried there, that guilt, but I think Sandra is, unfortunately, pretty shrewd and she's quite confident." The actress disclosed whether her character is optimistic about getting back in contact with her daughter and whether she thinks she can achieve what she wants. "The stakes are quite high for Sandra, aren't they? She's got wind Liv is now happily married to a nice chap. "She's obviously living in a nice flat and she's kicked the booze. So I think she's got a very good strategy but I don't think it will be easy." "But she knows her daughter loves her at the end of the day," Joanne added. "She, underneath all of this, does love her daughter, even though sometimes it's really hard to believe and I think she's just playing her cards at the moment. "She's got a very clear objective," the actress added, but will her character really get out of Liv what she wants or will she fail in her quest? Could this be the end of the line for Sandra after years of putting her daughter through trauma? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.