A Balmoral insider said royal staff were told to expect Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at the Scottish royal estate with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Speaking to the Sun on Sunday last week, the insider said: “Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children. They are preparing for the Sussexes.” But US outlet PageSix reported earlier this week the Sussexes have not been invited. The Sussexes will remain in the US ahead of the publication of Harry’s tell-all memoir this autumn. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'will not visit Queen at Balmoral' despite 'being invited' Royal commentator Phil Dampier said: “It's a snub, but I don't think it's any more or less of a snub than their general attitude in the round to be honest. “I'm sure the Queen did invite them and there is an open invitation, but it doesn't surprise me that they're not going.” In a poll that ran from 11am on Sunday, July 24 to 7pm on Friday, July 29, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's invite to Balmoral?” In total, 12,539 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 87 percent (10,856 people), answering “no”, they should not visit the Queen in Balmoral. A further 12 percent (1,475 people) said “yes” they should, while just one percent (208 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Harry and Meghan returning to the UK. Username Mack20 said: “I do not think it is a good idea if they turn up to put pressure on the Queen.” Username Delsey said: “The last thing Her Majesty needs is those two at Balmoral. The Queen goes there for rest and solitude and to unwind.” Another username, Chervil, said: “Harry and Meghan should not even be invited. Why should they be welcomed back for vacation time?” And username shoeshopgirl said: “I just think they should stay away, as Her Majesty has gone through enough and she is not getting any younger. “They didn't want to be part of the Royal family so I say stay away before they cause more upset.” Meanwhile, some readers commented that they should make the trip with username JanetWCQ1958 writing: “If Her Majesty wants them there for a purely private visit then yes but they must not take advantage of her generosity.” And username LCotto said: “They should turn up if they have been invited, the air should be cleared and the Queen should enjoy the holiday with all the family.” DON'T MISS: British public already 'turned off' by Prince Harry's reveal all book [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's subtle nod to Wallis Simpson on wedding day [PICTURES]Sussexes 'under pressure' by Netflix to deliver docu-series [LATEST] Harry and Meghan stepped back from their roles as senior members of the Royal Family two years ago and have not visited the Queen at Balmoral since 2018. The couple were reportedly invited to Balmoral in 2019 but declined the invitation as they said their newborn son Archie was too young to travel with them. Some argued Harry should visit his great-grandmother at Balmoral on his own this summer. Username magie said: “Perhaps Harry could come on his own, and spend some quality time with his Grandmother.” Username Mrs2u said: “If Her Majesty invited them then yes they should go. She is not going to live forever and Harry needs to make sure he sees her.” Harry and Meghan have met with the Queen on a handful of occasions this year in an attempt to rebuild their relationship with the Royal Family. In April the couple visited the Queen at Windsor on their way to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. The couple travelled to the UK with their children for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations and introduced their daughter to her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time.