Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas, 61, addressed her 235,000 Instagram followers in a story after an awkward experience in a taxi. The close encounter had left her head crashing into the dashboard, but she assured fans she is okay, before urging them to belt up on any future journeys. "This is my moment - I'm on my way from New York to Los Angeles and there's a thunderstorm!" the Strictly star exclaimed in her video footage. However her fairytale moment was interrupted by a near miss. "I was in the taxi and [the driver] almost hit a bike and stopped, banging my head on the front of this dash thing," she lamented. "To anybody out there, first thing you do when you get in any car is put your seatbelts on!" READ NOW: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony Despite her warning, which she said made her "a little delayed", she assured fans that she is "all good". "I've had a marvellous trip - fantastic. Now I'm off to see my boy," she confided. Her son Mark, 35, is a beloved member of her family and she is making the most of her opportunities to see him, following an almost three year spell during the pandemic when they were forced to be separated from each other. Mark lives in Los Angeles where he is a dancer and choreographer and, even after restrictions were eased, his work commitments ground their plans to see each other to a halt. She heartbreakingly told the world just before Christmas: "My only real wish for 2022 is that I get to cuddle my son." Shirley added to the Mirror: "Giving birth to my son when I was 25 was a life highlight because having him was the best thing I ever did in my entire life." She explained that she'd even had career tips from him, as Mark's glittering career has even taken him to Broadway. His roles have included Frankie Valli in Jersey Boys and Charlie Price in Kinky Boots.  During their prolonged physical absence from each other's lives, Shirley had a cancer scare. Fans had noticed that she had a lump underneath her arm, prompting fears that she might be harbouring breast cancer without realising. After messages from concerned Instagram followers, Shirley had a check-up but fortunately received the all-clear. The star's 85-year-old mother, Audrey Rich, has been equally fortunate as, despite a battle with colon cancer, she is still doing well too. She first learned of the heartbreaking news that her mum had been diagnosed with cancer back in 2018. "I'm just grateful to God that my mother is still here [as] I always felt that life wasn't really worth living if I didn't have her," she later explained to The Mirror. She added that she felt so strongly about her health scare that if she had died, Shirley would have wanted to "go with her". Fortunately, her situation stabilised - and Shirley finally has the chance to jet to Los Angeles to catch up with her beloved son.