Manchester United have completed the signing of Christian Eriksen on a free transfer and the Dane has opened up on the chat he had with Erik ten Hag prior to his move to Old Trafford. The 30-year-old playmaker has signed a three-year deal at the club after his Brentford contract expired at the end of last season. “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started," Eriksen told the club website. "I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times, but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It's clear that he is a fantastic coach. Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” Eriksen's medical was a prolonged process after the Denmark international suffered a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 last summer, and becomes Ten Hag's second summer signing after the acquisition of Tyrell Malacia. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings United confirmed that Eriksen will not join up with his new team-mates on the club's pre-season tour of Australia and instead will work on his fitness at the training ground at Carrington before meeting the squad when they return. John Murtough, United's football director admitted that Eriksen had several offers this summer after leaving Brentford but was pleased that he chose United. “Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career," Murtough said. "It's no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him.   “In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we're looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.” Eriksen had a defibrillator fitted following his heart issue, but was able to join Brentford on a short-term deal in January where he went on to lead the Bees' charge away from the relegation zone with four assists and one goal in 11 Premier League games. United will hope Eriksen will be joined by Frenkie de Jong at Old Trafford, though they are prepared to start the season without the Dutchman rather than move onto other targets as Leicester City's Youri Tielemans has also been linked with a move to the club. 