 Pension Credit is designed to help people on a low income who receive a State Pension and are on a low income. People who claim may be able to receive up to £3,300 a year in extra financial support. Pension Credit is also a passport to other benefits including Council Tax reduction, housing and mortgage support, discounted NHS treatments and free TV Licences for the over-75s.     One of the quickest ways for people to find out if they are eligible, and how much extra they could potentially be paid every week, is to use the Pension Credit calculator on the GOV.CO.UK website. To use the calculator people will need details of their earnings, benefits and pensions to hand. They will also need information on their savings and investments. If they have a partner, those details will also need to be collected. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account     The Pension Credit calculator will ask a series of questions and will offer multiple choice answers. People will need to answer the questions on their date of birth, residential status, where they live in the UK, what benefits they currently receive and how much is received from these benefits. They will also be asked if they are registered blind, whether someone is paid carer’s allowance to look after them, and how much they get each week from their pensions pots. This is from both their state pension and private pension if they receive one.      If a person does receive employment earnings, then they must also disclose these. Once a person has answered these questions, a summary screen will then show all of their answers. This allows people to check if they have answered any questions wrong and can go back and change them before submitting. The Pension Credit calculator then displays how much benefit a person could possibly receive each week. READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams    After this, a person can follow the link which is displayed on the final page which will take them to the application page through Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). People are also given the option to print off the answers they have given to the calculator tool. This can help a person fill out the application for support quicker. If a person can receive Pension Credits, then its not too late for them to apply for the £650 cost of living payment. Pension Credit is a benefit that is included in the criteria for those who are entitled to the support payment.     It is also a retrospective benefit which can be backdated three months from the date a claim is submitted. If a person’s Pension Credit application is successful, the £326 payment would be made along with arrears. People can start their application up to four months before they reach the State Pension age of 66 years. To check entitlement, a person can also phone the Pension Credit helpline on 0800 99 1234.   