Appearing on BBC Breakfast earlier today, Dr Smith was joined by Dr Helen Wall to bring the latest advice and tips to Brits to stay healthy during the extreme weather. With both experts admitting to enjoying the hot weather, they also went on to say that this unprecedented heat wave will also bring with it a risk to life that could affect “absolutely anyone”, even those in relatively good health. As part of this, Dr Smith gave the stark warning that the “worst thing you can do for your skin, apart from smoking, to age it, is to get too much sunshine.” He continued to say: “A little bit of sunshine is really good, as it makes vitamin D. You need the sunshine on your skin for about half an hour to do that. “But too much starts to break down the elastic tissue leaving you wrinkly and leathery. So take it easy.” Dr Wall then went on to say exactly why this type of weather comes with a warning, particularly in the UK.  DON'T MISS: Sean Connery’s widow on ‘devastating effect’ dementia had on Bond star - ‘Took its toll' The experts clearly warned against not only blood pressure, but the effects of extreme heat which can include: Although not usually too serious, heat exhaustion and dehydration can quickly develop into heatstroke, which is the most “severe form of heat illness” and is treated as an emergency. Under normal conditions, individuals lose body water daily through sweat, tears, breathing, urine, and stool. This water is then replaced by drinking fluids and eating foods that contain water. However, when a person becomes so sick with fever, diarrhoea, or vomiting, dehydration occurs. It also happens if an individual is overexposed to the sun and not drinking enough water. This is caused when the body loses water content and essential body salts, such as sodium and potassium.  The point when dehydration and heat exhaustion turns into heat stroke is when the cooling system within the body begins to fail. This leads to a dangerous build up of heat. Key signs and symptoms of heat stroke include: Individuals must be treated for heat stroke immediately as it can lead to permanent damage or in some cases death. Due to this, Johns Hopkins Medicine provides some immediate first-aid measures you can take while waiting for help to arrive, including the following:  In addition to avoiding dehydration, heat stroke and heat exhaustion, it is important to protect the skin from sun exposure. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) note that prolonged sun exposure is the main cause of skin cancers. Too much exposure to ultraviolet (UV) light can damage skin cells. Due to this, individuals are advised to use sun cream that blocks both UVA and UVB rays and has an SPF (sun protection factor) of 15 or higher. Higher numbers indicate more protection. Other tips recommended by the CDC to protect skin from the sun include: 