Starz’s hit romance series Outlander is currently in production for an extended seventh season after the most recent instalment only contained eight episodes. Sam Heughan took time away from filming to open up about his character Jamie Fraser's family and paid tribute to his on-screen son-in-law.   Outlander followed the adventure of Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) as she mysteriously time travelled from 1945 and transported to 1743. As an English woman in Scotland during those days, she was instantly noticed and preyed on after authorities couldn’t identify where her husband was. Thankfully she was able to seek refuge alongside Jamie Fraser who was also in hiding after being accused of a crime he didn’t commit. The two fell in love and got married, even though Claire was on her honeymoon when she first vanished into the past. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin  As Claire returned to the future, she reunited with her husband Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies) pregnant with Jamie’s baby. After 20 years, Frank passed away which led Claire to return to the past to find Jamie. Their connection was still strong and she decided to stay, during season four their daughter Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) followed Claire’s footsteps and decided to live in the past. Over time, Brianna also fell in love and eventually introduced Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) to her parents.  However, there was unexpected animosity between Jamie and Roger which only escalated following Roger's reaction after Brianna was raped by Stephen Bonnet (Ed Speleers). Fans will recall, Brianna had revealed she was pregnant after the assault and Roger considered breaking up with her. Even though he did return and they reconciled, Jamie still held a grudge against her boyfriend. He even told Claire he was worried about Roger’s love for Brianna and had reservations about their wedding.  DON'T MISS... Josie Gibson's 'stunning' appearance leaves This Morning viewers distr [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7 theory: Claire in turmoil by Tom's declaration [THEORY]Outlander's Malva Christie star on sex scenes ‘Most exposing thing' [INSIGHT] Despite their on-screen feud, Hueghan shared nothing but praise for Roger star Richard Rankin during an interview with Gold Derby. The actor shared: “Talking about Richard, he’s brilliant, he’s so funny and I love playing the humour of that relationship. “The initial one where he was like ‘You are not good enough for my daughter, you are not a man.’” Heughan added: “Jamie’s a gentleman in the 1700s and he has a certain way of what men should be and Roger’s certainly not that.”   He admitted: “I loved playing up to that and Rich is so good at that and then having seen that progress and this real affection between the two of them is lovely to play.” During season five, the two characters deepened their relationship when Jamie was convinced he would die after a life-threatening snake bite. He confided in Roger and asked him to kill Stephen if he was to die. As Jamie survived the ordeal, the two grew to have mutual respect for each other, which fans can expect to see more of when Outlander returns with season seven in 2023. Outlander is available in the US on Starz and available in the UK on Starzplay   