Ant McPartlin took to Twitter and shared his heartbreak following the death of his friend Dermott Donnelly, who is the elder brother of his co-star Declan Donnelly. Father Dermott died on Friday after being rushed to the hospital after he collapsed. The Britain's Got Talent host has since taken to social media and offered his condolences, as he declared the "world lost a special man". Taking to Ant and Dec's joint account, he penned an emotional tribue to the late priest, in view of the presenting duo's 6.8 million followers. He penned: "Fr Dermott you were the kindest, wisest man I knew. Rest in peace my friend. You will never be forgotten. "My thoughts, prayers and love are with your wonderful family. The world has lost a special man. A X." READ MORE: Declan Donnelly's brother dies after 'suspected bleed on the brain' Social media users flocked to comment on the post as people offered their condoldences. Twitter user, @TrinaOConnor penned: "Sending love and condolences to you all at this very sad time #RIP Fr Dermott. You’ll look after Dec - take care and mind yourself also Ant." @CWDesignLtd remarked: "It's tough when you lose a good friend." @Michael wrote: "Look after Dec for us, Ant. Sending much love to you all." Younger brother Declan said he is "beyond devastated" as his "darling" brother died. He wrote via the Ant and Dec official Twitter account: “I am heartbroken to tell you that my darling brother Fr Dermott, @TweeterPriest, sadly passed away this afternoon. "We are all beyond devastated. Thank you for your messages of sympathy and support, they are appreciated. DD." Dermott, who was a much loved Roman Catholic priest based in the family's native north east, was being treated at North Durham hospital after collapsing in his Newcastle parish. DON'T MISS... Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[LATEST]Cardi B denies 'hitting' fan at Wireless Festival as she flashes bum[PICTURES]Naga Munchetty reacts after presenter 'reshuffle' on BBC Breakfast[TV] The diocese of Hexham and Newcastle confirmed the news that Father Dermott Donnelly died peacefully in hospital on Friday afternoon. A statement from the diocese said: "It is with great sadness that we have to inform you of the death of Fr Dermott Donnelly, who died peacefully this afternoon in hospital. "This has come as a great shock to all of us. Please pray for the repose of his soul and keep his family, especially his mother, in your prayers at this difficult time." A spokesman for Declan said: "It is with great sadness that we confirm the death of Fr Dermott Donnelly who died peacefully this afternoon in hospital surrounded by his family and close friends. "We ask for the utmost privacy for the Donnelly family at this difficult time." It is understood that Dermott’s family rushed to be by his side and prayed he would “pull through”. Dermott started out as a curate in Chester-le-Street and took Holy Orders in 1992. In 2015, he officiated Dec’s wedding to Ali Astall, with Ant as best man.