Chelsea are set to turn attentions to Inter Milan wing-back Denzel Dumfries as Sevilla defender Jules Kounde edges closer to joining Barcelona, according to reports. The Blues had been leading the race for the highly-rated Frenchman before a dramatic swing of the pendulum, as Barcelona plot yet another last-gasp hijack to shatter Chelsea's transfer plans. Barca have already stolen Raphinha from Chelsea's clutches and now the very same prospect looks set to materialise with Kounde, who has agreed personal terms with the Catalan giants. Chelsea had tabled a substantial £55m offer before Barcelona decided to make a late swoop for the 23-year-old and their offer is seemingly imminent. The Blues have now got so frustrated with the situation, that they're prepared to move on to other defensive targets for Thomas Tuchel. According to The Evening Standard, Chelsea are now focusing their efforts on a move for Inter Milan's Dumfries, who primarily plays at wing-back. READ MORE: Chelsea rocked as Barcelona 'agree Jules Kounde transfer deal' with Sevilla The idea is that Reece James could potentially slot in at right centre-back with Dumfries replacing him on the flank. Inter Milan's financial struggles off the field means they would be open to entertaining a sale with both Dumfries and Milan Skriniar considered to be available for transfer. Interestingly, Chelsea are also open to signing the Slovakian international, who is valued at around £59m. PSG have made an offer for Skriniar but negotiations with Inter have since stalled due to a lack of progress during club-to-club discussions. READ MOREChelsea have Jules Kounde alternative at ready if Barcelona hijack £55m transferJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferAjax reaffirm Antony sale stance after agent flies to England for Man Utd transfer talks Inter already have a replacement through the door for Dumfries, who has also been tracked by Manchester United, in the form of Raoul Bellanova. After the 4-0 defeat to Arsenal, Tuchel said he would like to sign a left-footed, centre-back that can slot in on the left side of his three-man defence. "We are looking for guys who can play on the left side," The German said. "Toni [Rudiger] played on the left side and was not a left-footed guy, so maybe Kalidou [Koulibaly] can play there because he plays in a back-four on the left side, but let’s see what is possible. "It is not only about bringing players in for numbers; we need numbers, we also need quality so we will make some decisions late, not only about players but also about systems. Ideally, we would have a left-footer." Pau Torres, Josko Gvardiol and Presnel Kimpembe are among the other options that could potentially fall under consideration. Tuchel worked with Kimpembe during his time at PSG and the French champions are willing to entertain offers for the Frenchman, who previously played alongside Thiago Silva at the Parc des Princes. Torres is considered available for around £40m this summer by Villarreal, while RB Leipzig do not want to sell Gvardiol before the start 2022/23 campaign.