Thousands of dogs are subjected to ghastly, terrifying procedures, day after day, before being killed and then sometimes dissected – all in the name of science. You may think that in today’s world, laboratory experiments do not involve dogs or cats. But they do, and testing on them is completely legal. In 2021, more than three million scientific procedures were carried out on animals in the UK. Dogs, cats, horses, and primates were used in almost 18,000 of these. Most of the dogs used are beagles, because they are so gentle that they often will not even bite or scratch when frightened or in pain. What the animals endure is almost unimaginable. Dogs may be imprisoned in windowless cells, where experimenters fit cones tightly over their noses so that they can pump toxic substances into their lungs. The dogs scream and cough, but the chemicals keep coming. When the cones are finally removed, for a moment, the dogs can breathe freely. They may think their ordeal is over. But for the remainder of their short lives, they will be subjected to similar torment, and finally, they are killed and dissected. Dogs may be drilled into, operated on, injected, implanted with devices, or deliberately given heart attacks. Many also endure “gavage” – having a thick tube forced down their throats to pump chemicals or experimental drugs into their stomachs. It is the same ghastly method used to force-feed geese with grain and fat to make foie gras, a procedure so cruel it is banned in the UK. But in laboratories, the practice continues. Some dogs are bred to have crippling diseases and may spend their short, miserable lives in agony, too weak to walk and barely able to breathe. Some UK laboratories breed their own dogs, and if puppies are deemed unsuitable for experiments, they are killed. In 2017 1,155 dogs were born in the UK at licensed facilities, and 97 were killed for reasons such as not being the required sex, to limit the population size, or so that their tissues could be harvested. Other dogs are shipped to the UK to be used for testing. These dogs are forced into cramped crates and subjected to gruelling plane journeys, then tortured in laboratories until they are killed. Like all other animals, dogs are individuals, not test tubes. They deserve better than to be taken from their mothers, experimented on, and killed. Experimenting on animals is a habit – an easy option for scientists. The vast differences between species mean the results from these experiments are not easily translatable to humans, yet millions of pounds are spent on them. We need a better way – and PETA scientists have come up with it. The Research Modernisation Deal (RMD) is a strategy for ending experiments on animals and using instead humane, advanced research methods such as human organs–on-chips and computer modelling. In 2021, after being presented with the RMD, the European Parliament called on the European Commission to create an action plan to end all experiments on animals. The UK Government must commit to ending these cruel, outdated tests, for the sake of the dogs, cats, horses, primates, and millions of other animals suffering right now out of view of the public. Dr Julia Baines is Science Policy Manager at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA).