Tottenham could well seek to exploit Bayern Munich's apparent admiration of Harry Kane to lure former Chelsea starlet Jamal Musiala back to England as part of a potential swap deal. Bayern boss Julian Nagelsmann has whipped up a storm in recent days by openly commenting on the Bundesliga champions' alleged interest in the Spurs striker, and though ex-Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has ordered the Bavarians to "mind their own business" because Kane is "not for sale", it may well be wise for the north London club to consider a deal.  The England captain has been tentatively linked with Bayern in recent days as a potential replacement for Robert Lewandowski. When probed on the matter, Bayern boss Nagelsmann then took the unusual line of stoking up speculation by addressing the rumours head on. "He's very expensive, that's the problem," Naglesmann declared. "But brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward [as well as a] No 10, but he's very strong, brilliant with [his] head and both feet. "He could score a lot in the Bundesliga, I don't know the price, but it's really tough for Bayern Munich. We'll see what happens in the future." READ MORE: Tottenham could demand three Bayern players in Kane transfer swap Following Antonio Conte's condemnation of Naglesmann's "disrespectful" comments, O'Hara is the latest member of the Spurs alumni to reproach the German for his remarks. The ex-Spurs midfielder said on talkSPORT: "Mind your own business, nothing to do with you, not your player, you're not in for him, he's not for sale. I can't stand managers that do this. "Harry Kane isn't for sale, he isn't going to Bayern Munich. Don't talk about our players. Why ask the question? And he should say 'yeah, very good player, not my player'. He's not going anywhere. "He's happy, he's scoring goals, we've got Conte, the team's flying. This is the most exciting season in a long time that Spurs have had. Why is there Harry Kane chat? Why have we got a manager from another country talking about 'I don't know how much he is'? That's because he's not for sale." DON'T MISS: Bayern boss Nagelsmann makes Kane transfer prediction - 'We'll see' (NEWS)Tottenham boss Conte 'crazy' for Roma star and makes Paratici request (TRANSFERS)Four strikers Tottenham may target if Kane leaves Conte high and dry (INSIGHT) But while both Conte and O'Hara have been quick to dismiss speculation that Kane could depart this summer, Spurs could seek to take advantage of Bayern's interest as the north London club continue their squad rebuild - especially given the England skipper's contractual situation. With Kane's current deal set to expire in 2024, Tottenham could well look to cash in on the forward in the current window, but can play hard-ball by looking to have Musiala included in a potential deal as an ambitious makeweight. The 19-year-old has sparkled for the Bundesliga behemoths since breaking into their first-team back in 2020, just one year after he joined from Chelsea. In the unlikely event that Spurs are willing to cede Kane, demanding Musiala as part of the exchange could serve as a clever ploy. It would certainly see the Blues once again stung for ultimately failing to retain another of their highly-promising academy stars.