There's good news for billions of long-suffering Facebook users with the Meta-owned service finally upgrading its app to make it easier to find the latest posts from friends and family. Anyone who regularly uses the social network will be well aware that Facebook currently decides what it wants to show you in the news feed via an in-built algorithm. It's been a frustration for years as it can make new posts almost impossible to find. Thankfully, that's all about to change with Facebook finally introducing a new "Feeds" tab that will show the latest posts in chronological order. According to the firm, this is one of the most requested features as it will make sure users never miss friends' posts. "We’re introducing Feeds, a new tab that lets you easily see the most recent posts from your friends, Pages and groups," said the social network. "You can curate a Favorites list of the friends and Pages you care about most and filter their content in this new tab." The update has begun rolling out to some users today although it seems most won't see the new tab until next week. "Starting today, some people will see Feeds as a tab in their shortcut bar; on iOS, this bar is found at the bottom of the app, and on Android, it’s found at the top," Facebook confirmed. "We expect these updates to be rolled out globally over the next week." It's worth noting that Facebook will continue to show random posts when launching the app although things are changing with the introduction of a new Home section. This is where users will discover new content through recommendations. Facebook says it will show uniquely personalised content in this window which should cut down on clutter and only serve up things that it thinks will interest you. "From Home, you can create a Reel, see what your connections are sharing on Feed and in Stories, and build community over new and shared interests. Your Home tab is uniquely personalised to you through our machine learning ranking system, explained Facebook. "This system takes into account thousands of signals to help cut through the clutter and rank content in the order we think you will find most valuable. We're investing in AI to best serve recommended content in this ranked experience." If you love Facebook, keep an eye out for this upgrade coming to your phone soon.