The Last Kingdom actor Harry Gilby couldn't have been happier when offered the role of Athelstan in the hit drama however he shared his apprehensions at fitting in with a cast already known for their tight bonds off screen. Harry shared he was nervous to join the star studded cast when given the role of Athelstan and revealed it was a little intimidating as his cast mates were all seasoned pros. The Athelstan actor shared he was nervous to join the star studded cast when given the role. He revealed it was a little intimidating as his cast members were all seasoned pros. Unable to contain his excitement, before coming on set he had done his homework and watched every behind the scenes video available. Already full of preconceived ideas as to what everyone would be like, he was relieved to be met with a warm welcome despite first day jitters. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Harry shared: "To jump straight into it was quite nerve racking, because a lot of the cast have done this for four or five years, and they’ve all formed those relationships." He continued: "You want to impress everyone, but at the same time you want to do what’s right for the character. "That’s tricky sometimes, trying to balance that." Harry's character Athelstan came of age under Uhtred’s tutelage, living and training in Rumcofa. As like every young hero and fighter, he wishes for more chances to prove himself. The opportunity comes along when he becomes a target of assassins due to his royal heritage. At the beginning of season five, the character is with Uhtred following instructions from Edward to care for the boy and raise him as a child. From the opening scenes with his, it's clear the new season brought out a side to the character viewers hadn't expected. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom star pays tribute to ‘incredible’ actor Emily Cox [TRIBUTE]The Last Kingdom star recalls bizarre advice from Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Sigtryggr's brother? [UPDATE] Timid and shy, Athelstan has evolved since season four and audiences got to witness his rebel side as he took on a more carefree persona. However,despite the young royal taking time to discard the important things, the instalment watches him find a more mature mindset and slowly morph into a future king. Driven by a constant need to impress Uhtred, Harry's character is visibly aware of his impending royal duties. Harry offered insight by saying: "He just wants to prove himself as this worthy leader who is going to take over England, and yes, be this ruthless, powerful man." First hitting screens in 2015, the historical drama follows the conflict between the Saxons and Danes in England during the ninth and tenth century. The critically acclaimed adaptation of Bernard Cornwell's book series has not been renewed for a sixth season however, as the creators had something else in store. Instead of continuing on the silver screen, there will be a sequel film to the drama entitled Seven Kings Must Die that began filming last January. Watch The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 on Netflix.