Madonna, 63, has recalled nearly being arrested in 1990 during her Blonde Ambition tour due to the explicit dance moves she performed to her hit Like A Virgin. The singer was "threatened" with arrest and even had her shows at the Vatican that year cancelled. Madonna took to Instagram to share a snapshot of her Like A Virgin performance on her 1990 tour. The tour generated controversy due to its use of Catholic imagery and sexual content, especially with the explicit dance moves during the Like A Virgin performance. The singer wrote in view of her 18.4 million followers: "Police threatened to arrest me three times as I travelled around the world performing Like A Virgin - during the Blonde Ambition tour. "The Vatican cancelled all my shows in Rome! See how I paved the road for b*****s?" READ MORE: Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore Her shows in Italy were cancelled due to a private association of Roman Catholics who called for a boycott of the shows in Rome and Turin. This was due to Madonna using simulated masturbation in her Like A Virgin choreography that included her groping herself as well as humping a bed during the live performance. Pope John Paul II urged the public and the Christian community at the time not to attend the tour, as he called it "One of the most satanic shows in the history of humanity". Due to this controversy, Madonna held a press conference in Rome's Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport defending her much loved tour. She said: "I am Italian American and proud of it...The tour in no way hurts anybody's sentiments. "It's for open minds and gets them to see sexuality in a different way. "Their own and others [...] Like theater, [Blonde Ambition] asks questions, provokes thought and takes you on an emotional journey, portraying good and bad, light and dark, joy and sorrow, redemption and salvation." Kevin Stea, one of the dancers during the x-rated performance has since admitted that he was willing to be arrested on the tour. DON'T MISS... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [WIMBLEDON] Joan Collins, 89, gives busty display in shorts on holiday [PICS] Piers Morgan sparks backlash as he reignites Adele feud [OPINION] He said: "It was the most powerful moment I ever felt with Madonna. As a team we were all together." As Madonna said she "paved the road" for modern artists, who have recreated the conical corset including Rihanna, Katy Perry and Lady Gaga. Previously, the Like A Virgin hitmaker talked about receiving warnings from local police during the third night at Toronto’s SkyDome on her third concert tour. In the film, she received a message from "a representative from the district attorney's office" expressing worry about her "immoral live performance". In response, the legendary singer told her team: "I’m not changing my f***ing show!" Madonna has always been very vocal about her stance on issues, most recently supporting women's right to abortion. In regards to the overturning of Roe vs Wade, Madonna said: "I woke up [Friday] to the terrifying news that Roe vs Wade had been overturned and that legislation has decided that we no longer have rights as women over our bodies. "This decision has plunged me and every other woman in this country into deep despair. Now the supreme court has decided that women's rights are no longer constitutional rights. In fact we have less rights [than] a gun. I am scared for my daughters. "I'm scared for all women in America. I am just plain scared. I guess God put this on our shoulders right now because he knew that we were strong enough to bear the weight. Strong enough to fight! "Strong enough to overcome. And so we shall overcome! We will find a way to make it a federal law to protect abortion rights! Ladies, are you ready to fight?"