  Sir Mo Farah’s wife Tania Nell once opened up about some of the struggles she and her husband faced during their marriage due to the times they spent apart in 2013. She also spoke about how the athlete had previously “failed miserably” when it came to looking after their children alone.      Mo, 39, is a four-time Olympic champion and six-time world champion, who is considered one of the UK’s biggest sporting heroes. However, the athlete has recently shown his vulnerable side by revealing that he was trafficked to the UK as a child in a shocking revelation. His wife Tania, whom he married back in 2010, has remained at his side. A resurfaced interview from 2013 has revealed things were not always easy for the married couple.   During the candid chat, Tania spoke about the challenges of bringing up their children when their father was away for up to six months out of the year. Mo and Tania share twin daughters Aisha and Amani, who were born shortly after his memorable triumph at the London 2012 Olympics They also welcomed a boy named Hussein in 2015 and Tania has an older daughter named Rhianna, whom Mo has raised since she was a toddler. The long separation has often placed the childcare burden on Tania, which she admitted can be “hard”.     “It’s hard but it’s something that we’ve had to cope with since we first got together really,” she told The Telegraph. “Mo was going away a lot from day one, so I had to get used to that pretty quickly. “It’s hard because I have to juggle everything on my own, not just the kids but paying the bills and the general day-to-day stuff that people do. I have to do all of that, so Mo doesn’t have to worry about it. “There’s also the fact that we miss him. We don’t get to see that much of him, so when we do see him we appreciate that time so much more.”  READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon [INSIGHT] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [BREAKING] 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [BREAKING]      Tania, who first met Mo when they were both studying at West London University, added that the 11-hour time difference from Kenya made it “particularly hard” when the athlete spent time there. She also spoke about how Mo’s exhaustion from training and competing would often leave him overwhelmed by the demands of childcare when he got home. During the interview, Tanya recalled one incident where she was unwell, leaving Mo completely in charge of their four children at the time. Admitting he had “failed miserably”, Tania noted that “no one had been fed or changed” when she woke up.     Meanwhile, Mo has opened up about his harrowing experience of being trafficked as a child, in a candid documentary that will air tonight. The sports star has told the BBC he was given the name Mohamed Farah by those who flew him over from Djibouti and that his real name is Hussein Abdi Kahin. Mo said he was flown over from East Africa to the UK at the age of nine by a woman he had never met, and then made to look after another family's children. The Real Mo Farah will air on BBC One tonight at 9pm.   