Prince Harry made the keynote speech on Nelson Mandela International Day at the United Nations in New York City. While he praised Mandela's legacy of justice, the Duke of Sussex drew controversy for appearing to criticise the US Supreme Court's recent ruling to remove federal abortion protections. One royal expert, Neil Sean, claims that this speech was in fact an "audition or test" as Harry and Meghan Markle "want to get themselves on the speakers' circuit". In a video posted to his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "Harry was recently speaking at the United Nations in New York City to let's say a thinned-down audience. "People close to Harry over here in the UK were shocked at the style and the lethargy with which Harry was delivering that speech. "People were concerned, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. "But, according to a very good source, there was a good reason behind it." JUST IN: Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues blistering rant  The royal expert explained: "Apparently Harry has been undergoing some selective media training. "This is where he would be shown how to emote and get the story across without fuss. "According to the source, Harry and Meghan would like to get themselves on the speaking circuit. "To get onto the circuit, there have been tests and auditions from agencies, even if you are a former working member of the Royal Family."  Mr Sean said that the style of Harry's UN speech was an attempt to "redefine how he wants to be portrayed and look on stage". Harry used the speech at the UN to discuss a myriad of topics close to his heart, including climate change, the pandemic, and disinformation. He told the audience: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We are living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe. "Climate change wreaking havoc on our planet with most vulnerable suffering most of all. The few weaponizing lies and disinformation at the expense of the many. "From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom—the cause of Mandela's life."  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language [ANALYSIS]Kate and Prince William defy royal rule over holiday trip [VIDEO]Port of Dover chief hits out at ‘insufficient’ French in border chaos [INTERVIEW]  In 2020 it was reported that Harry and Meghan were preparing to hit the speakers’ circuit. At the time, the couple wanted to focus on issues such as racial justice, gender equity, the environment, and mental health. However, Harry and Meghan's public speaking hopes were cut short by the pandemic. It is thought that this could be the couple's next high-profile role, with big-name speakers earning up to six figures for a single appearance. READ NEXT William and Harry should reconnect in USHarry and Meghan 'highly unlikely' to attend William's US eventRoyal Family: Queen gives Kate and William vital role Harry and William urged to follow Princess Anne and quit 'squabbles'Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’? 