Rylan Clark, 33, addressed the recent pictures that seemingly show him locking lips with Ex on the Beach star Declan Doyle, 32. The pair sparked rumours of a new relationship after the It Takes Two split from husband Dan Neal last year. Now, Rylan has set the record straight on whether he is in a new relationship as he hit out at paparazzi snapping sneaky pictures of him. In pictures seen by the Daily Star, Rylan appeared to be kissing Declan who wrapped his hands around his waist. Speaking on his BBC Radio 2 show over the weekend, the TV presenter clarified he is still single despite the rumours currently circulating. He said: "Well, I love it how I read in the paper and find things out about myself," he said on Saturday. "I’m single and looking after myself. "You know what it’s like when I go out. People hiding in car boots taking photographs, what are you doing? "People don’t care what I’m doing, enjoy your Saturday night!” Rylan insisted: “Don’t hide in a car boot taking photos of me." However, Declan appeared to confirm that the pair were dating during a recent appearance on GB News. Speaking to Mark Dolan, Declan said: “We're just dating, it's been a few dates - we really get on.” He went on: “It's just weird having to talk about it, it's just been a few dates - it's really early on. “We are enjoying each other's company, but it is going well.” DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps [UPDATE]Drew Barrymore, 47, puts on dazzling display at Dolce & Gabbana event [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings [ANALYSIS] Earlier this year, Rylan opened up about his split from husband Dan Neal after six years of marriage. He admitted that the separation “hit him round the face” as he “never thought” he would go through something like it. Speaking on his podcast Ry-Union, the Strictly: It Takes Two host explained how the breakup was “really hard to deal with”. He revealed: “I’ve never in my life thought that I would go through a crisis like that. "But I did, ultimately, and it literally hit me round the face like a baseball bat, because I always thought I was too strong for it. "Like, I’m never going to let anything like that happen to me, but then it does and it’s really, really hard to deal with.” Rylan’s comments came after he sparked concerns over his health following a spell in hospital after a bout of ill health. Due to his health issue, Rylan was temporarily replaced on the BBC Radio 2 show by presenter OJ Borg.