In astrology, Leo represents self-mastery and the need to self-acclaim, rather than expecting adulation and attention from others. When paired with the soulful and authoritative Sun, expect a month of positive self-expression. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 22. The Sun will enter bold Leo at 8.06pm BST, and it’ll remain in this transit until August 22. Just as planets revolve around the sun, Astrology says symbolically, we derive our life purpose from the Sun in our natal charts. American astrology Grant Lewi referred to the Sun as “the psychological bias which will dominate your actions.” He went on to say, “you may think, dream, imagine, hope to be a thousand things, according to your Moon and your other planets, but the Sun is what you are.”  READ MORE: Space near miss as NASA moon landing almost derailed by ‘interference’  Regardless of your natal sign, while the Sun transits each zodiac, everyone will feel slightly drawn to its respective traits in one way or another. But this time, while transiting Leo, you can expect to more closely touch base with yourself. Cafe Astrology said: “The Sun is proud, outgoing, and playful in its own sign- we want to enjoy and express ourselves during this cycle. “The Leo Sun is intensely individual, not content with merely being one of the team.  “It’s time to shine, perform, and add a touch of colour and drama to our lives.” The Leo zodiac wholly embodies joy, generosity and creativity. All is more grandiose and the need for some form of attention - good or bad - might prevail. Cafe Astrology said: “We are generous and grand in our gestures and attitudes.” However, to every sign comes a shadow side, and with a Leo Sun, the ‘self’ focus sentiment echoes through.  DON'T MISS: Apollo 11 scientist reveals spot NASA never managed to visit [INSIGHT]How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes [ANALYSIS]Three ‘simple’ ways to keep hanging baskets ‘blooming’ all summer [EXPLAINED]    Cafe Astrology said: “On the shadow side, we can also be self-centred and vain under this influence.” Astrology TV also reiterated that “egos can run riot over the very best of intentions” during this transit. However, the Moon will spend the day in Taurus and influenced by this zodiac’s calming vibes, it should help ground and moderate us. Cafe Astrology said: “This Moon encourages patience and savouring of the moment.”  While Jupiter approaches a sextile to Pallas, optimism will wash over inspiring a more considerate and charitable outlook. Cafe Astrology said: “We are ready to share words of wisdom. “It’s a strong influence for big-picture planning and thinking.” The void Moon will occur from 12.46pm with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs - a trine to Pluto. 