Blue Light Card’s annual Big Blue Weekend, running from July 1 to July 4, gives emergency services, NHS, social care workers and foster carers special access to a range of discounts across retail, travel and beauty, as well as a number of high-value prize draws to celebrate the NHS’ birthday on July 5. The discount service currently has over two million members and partners with over 15,000 local and national retailers. Taking place this weekend, the four-day event will mark the NHS’ 74th year in service. To celebrate, Blue Light Card is offering time-limited discounts from the likes of Charlotte Tilbury and Hotels.com, as well as big prizes, including a stay at Warwick Castle and a Butlin’s Family Holiday. Tom Dalby, CEO of Blue Light Card, said: “We are thrilled to announce our very first Big Blue Weekend, allowing us and our partners to demonstrate our continued thanks and appreciation to those that give so much to keep the nation safe and healthy.” “With the summer holidays fast approaching, and especially in light of the cost of living crisis, we hope that this weekend will help our members out with treats and days out that otherwise may not have been possible. READ MORE: NHS shake-up to ‘catch killer conditions earlier’  “And for some lucky members of the Blue Light community, a winning competition entry may mean a family break or trip to London.” On top of the big savings, the full list of prizes up for grabs includes: Prize 1: Overnight Stay for two people at Warwick Castle Tower SuitePrize 2: Merlin London Attractions Combination ticket for a family of up to four peoplePrize 3: Family ticket for up to four people for Alton Towers ResortPrize 4: Butlin’s family holiday for up to four peoplePrize 5: Tank of fuel up to the value of £150Prize 6: Family shop at Asda to the value of £300 To be in with a chance of winning, cardholders should head over to the Blue Light Card's Facebook page or check daily in the Blue Light Card app.  From over 40 brands taking part, a selection due to be included in the Big Blue Weekend include: DON'T MISS: Bowel cancer: Early diagnosis is crucial, experts claim [ANALYSIS]Long Covid: The 'common' symptom' to spot [INSIGHT]‘I get £25 worth of food for £3.50’ Woman’s fantastic money saving tip [EXPLAINED]   To access these deals and gain entry to the competitions, eligible customers will need to be Blue Light Card holders, which costs £4.99 for two years. Eligible customers for a Blue Light Card include:  Registering for a Blue Light Card membership is quick and easy and can be done online, here.  