Tyson Fury has told Anthony Joshua that if he loses to Oleksandr Usyk next month then it is going to be extremely costly to make their fight. Fury retired from boxing in April but has long since been linked to the winner of Usyk-Joshua II. Many believe Fury will come out of retirement to face Joshua if he wins but it is less clear what will happen if Usyk does. Talking to talkSPORT, ‘The Gypsy King’ hinted that he will commit to retirement if Usyk wins and negotiate a higher fee with Joshua. He said: "He's gonna lose again, then they're gonna call for Achilles to come back. And I'm gonna say, 'Get f***ed, I'm retired.' And then, when they're begging, I will return, but it's gonna be very costly." On the opposite side of the table, only last week Fury told fans in attendance at his After Party Tour that he will fight Joshua for free if he wins the rematch.  He said: “It’s all about money, Mr Businessman [Joshua]; he’s not a fighting man,” said Fury. “I swear to God I hope he wins the fight against Usyk so that I can come out of retirement and fight him for free. “However, the terms are these; I want it at Wembley Stadium, I want it free to enter and I want it on free-to-air in television in this country. I’ll fight him in England, not abroad in a foreign country for more money; here for free for the people.” Fury’s promoter Frank Warren told Express Sport recently that he believes the Mancunian will fight either man and is just as likely to unretire if Usyk wins. MORE BOXING NEWS... Ed Matthews calls out AnEsonGib after stopping Simple Simon Joshua offered sparring opportunity with 'Oleksandr Usyk prodigy' Joshua 'could' face Brit who will 'knock him out' if he beats Usyk  He said: “Tyson is a fighting man and I do believe he will carry on fighting. Having said that, at the end of the day it is going to be his choice. But regarding his next fight, if he is going to have any fight it will be against the winner of Joshua and Usyk." There seems to be an air of confidence around Fury’s camp at the moment that his next step will be for the undisputed crown and regardless of what is said a fight with ‘The Cat’ is equally as important for Fury’s legacy. Usyk and Joshua square off for a second time on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome in Saudi Arabia. In September, the Ukrainian comfortably outpointed ‘AJ’ to capture the WBA (super), IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London. Joshua will be looking to repeat the successes of his last fight in the Middle East when he outclassed Andy Ruiz Jr in their 2019 rematch to regain the same titles.