Today will see England play against Germany in the Women's Euro final 2022. As the nation gets behind the Lionesses BBC Breakfast has been filming at Wembley Stadium before the match kicks off at 5pm. During Sunday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, the show gave viewers all the information they needed to know about the upcoming match. From filming at an empty Wembley stadium before spectators arrive, to showing past snippets of the team’s wins and interviews with players. However, it seems as though the viewers were less than impressed with how much football dominated the other headlines. One viewer even questioned where the real news was within the show.   Macman9999 said: “#bbcbreakfast we know there's a game of football on, any chance of some real news.” Arenig added: “#BBCBreakfast...forgetting that there are three other nations that don't give a t**s about football but what is really happening in this mess of a country.” Knitty Sue commented: “Sometimes I'm absolutely disgusted @BBCBreakfast ..how can the appalling death of a 9yr old girl take second place to the ' news' of the Lionesses match tonight..10mins in and still talking about football priorities please.” (sic) David Traynor added: “Am I on the right channel? So world headlines on the news is all about football? Who decides football is so important?”   However, there were some viewers who praised the BBC show for covering women's football and were pleased it was being reported on. Alison Brightman said: “@BBCBreakfast the Women's Football coverage makes my heart sing 35yrs ago my young son started playing football at primary school, there were no girls allowed, (they were inside learning the recorder or doing needlework!! ) How far we have come." (sic) During the coverage this week, BBC presenter Roger Johnson enraged fans after he compared the quality of football between the men's and women's England squads. The incident happened when he was interviewing Carol Thomas, the captain of England in the final of the 1984 European championships.   He said: “It's had a platform on BBC One. “It's been seen by millions of people, and the quality of the football crucially is really high isn't it? “And any of the naysayers watching, it's almost interchangeable. “You could be watching men play, the quality is that good."  Carol replied: "Yeah and to be honest, the quality has always been good, even back when I was playing. Realising his blunder, Roger explained he wasn’t implying that it wasn’t good back when she was on the pitch. She added: “No I know, that's fine. “A lot of people enjoyed watching women's football and as I said before, we don't want to be compared to the men's game in any way. We're happy playing football, just women playing football.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays on BBC One at 6am 