Computer modelling has shown that temperatures in the UK may hit 40C for the first time ever later this month. While weather service Netweather forecasted temperatures of up to 43C. This would exceed the highest ever recorded temperature for the UK back in July 2019, which was 38.7C in Cambridge. The predictions show parts of southeast England heading for 39C. Weather forecasting site WXCharts predicts highs of 39C, which still exceeds the highest recorded temperature in the UK. Weather forecaster Kirsty McCabe described how “nobody can recall 40C appearing in a major global forecast system for the UK”. She added to Sky News: "Especially when this forecast was also predicting temperatures over 39C over a huge area of southeast England. "Given that the UK's previous hottest days have only seen a few places exceed 38C, this was unlike anything forecasters had ever seen before." She added, however: “All the factors have to align perfectly for the UK to attain 40C.” "While it is possible, it's extremely unlikely, even if the risk is the highest it's ever been. "For example, for the weekend of 16/17 July 2022, most forecasts are in the low-to-mid 30s, and there are just as many forecasts showing maxima not much above 20C as there are showing 40C." READ MORE: Caravan owners 'forced off' holiday site by new rule While Netweather tweeted: "Another extraordinary run from the 6z GFS this morning. Showing 43c for next Sunday. Not certain to happen by any means though." This comes as the Met Office heat health alert is raised to level three heading into next week for the southeast of England. The Met Office said: "There is increased confidence that temperatures will rise through the weekend, becoming widely hot, locally very hot from Monday next week. "The highest confidence is for southeastern and eastern areas where temperatures are expected to reach the low 30s. "There is an increased confidence for thresholds to be reached across much of the Midlands, and perhaps eastern parts of southwest England and southern parts of the northwest England and Yorkshire and Humber regions. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Britain's £90billion red tape bonanza risk to pensioners [LIVE] Britons baffled as unmemorable Tory hopefuls stump voters - WATCH [VIDEO]New Tory leader 'faces a tough struggle' as support implodes - POLL [REVEAL] "Temperatures are likely to stay close to threshold through Wednesday, especially in southern areas. The UK Health Security additionally warned Britons to cover windows exposed to direct sunlight, stay in the shade wherever possible, and double-check that medicines are correctly stored. The agency’s Dr Agostinho Sousa added: "We want everyone to enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but also to check in on their vulnerable family, friends and neighbours.” The NHS then warned parents to closely monitor and limit how long children spend in the sun. Sheffield Children's NHS Foundation Trust advised that children should be decked out in light-coloured clothing, and keep hydrated. They should spend time in the shade and be coated in suncream, the trust added. They tweeted: "Don't allow your children to stay in the sun for long periods - and never leave them in a car on a hot day. "Resting in the shade and finding cool places is important." The account added: "The first sign that a child is overheating is when they become grumpy or complain of a headache. "If this happens, get them into a shaded place that is as cool as possible. "Remove any clothing you can, give them water to drink and get them to rest."