Manchester United are reportedly in 'advanced' negotiations to sign Lisandro Martinez. And it's claimed the Red Devils want him because he's a different profile to the likes of Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof. Arsenal are also in the hunt for the 24-year-old but, right now, look set to miss out with the South American prioritising a move to Old Trafford instead. According to The Athletic, United are now in 'advanced' talks to land the player despite Arsenal also being in the hunt. Erik ten Hag knows the Argentina international well from their time at Ajax together and it's claimed the 52-year-old is pushing for a reunion with the South American this summer. United believe they've now edged ahead of Mikel Arteta's team when it comes to snapping up the player, who has spent the last three years in Amsterdam. Martinez, for his part, is yet to make a final decision on his future with the centre-back currently still on holiday. Ajax are reportedly 'holding out' for a higher fee but talks over the weekend are set to make clear to United how much they'll have to pay in order to bring the star to Old Trafford this summer. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez It's stated that United view Martinez as a 'different profile' to the likes of Maguire, Varane and Lindelof as they look to bring the Ajax star in. Maguire blew hot and cold under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, with the 29-year-old's status as club captain now under threat. Varane had a solid, if unspectacular, first season at Old Trafford following his move from Real Madrid last July - where he was chosen over Villarreal's Pau Torres. And Lindelof, while a calming presence at the back, remains a divisive figure due to his weakness in the air. The publication claims that Eric Bailly has been deemed surplus to requirements, with Fulham keen to land the Ivory Coast international. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But Bailly wants to stay and fight for his place, having only signed a new contract with the club last May. The decision to give the former Villarreal star a new deal has backfired, with staff believing Ed Woodward got that decision wrong prior to his departure. Axel Tuanzebe could leave United after struggling during loan spells with Aston Villa and Napoli last term. And Phil Jones is another player the Red Devils are willing to cut loose, having been plagued by injuries since arriving from Blackburn Rovers back in the summer transfer window of 2011. Martinez isn’t the only star on United’s radar as they seek to take transfer action this summer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team They’re primed to welcome Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord, having gazumped Ligue 1 side Lyon in the race for the 22-year-old left-back. United remain confident of signing Frenkie de Jong, despite talk of Chelsea potentially hijacking a deal. And they’re also aiming to recruit Antony who, like Martinez, knows Ten Hag well from their time at Ajax together. Meanwhile, Ten Hag has started to take training sessions at United following his arrival. And former Red Devils star Luke Chadwick has reacted to that development by saying: “I would imagine the first few days of pre-season will be about testing players’ fitness levels and seeing what kind of shape they’re in ahead of the new season. “It’s also a chance for him to take a look at the club’s young players, who I’m sure will be raring to go. “It gives them the opportunity before the full squad comes back to try and make an impression on the new manager. “I’m sure he’ll soon be working out what kind of shape he wants, how he wants to play, and looking at the players he’s got will be a key part of that. “Transfers will also obviously be on the agenda and that will play a part too.” United have signed Argentines such as Marcos Rojo and Angel Di Maria in recent years, though neither player lived up to expectations.