Some inhabitants in the province of Abra revealed they slept outside on Thursday as they were too scared to return to their homes. Residents instead opted to sleep on sidewalks and in parks to ensure their safety, according to Reuters. The decision to sleep outside came after a 7.1 magnitude earthquake rattled the island of Luzon on Wednesday. The quake damaged homes and buildings, including heritage structures and centuries-old churches. Seismologists have since recorded close to 800 aftershocks. The incident has reportedly resulted in the deaths of four people and 130 left injured. JUST IN: Luzon earthquake: Monster magnitude 7.1 quake rocks Philippines sparking fears of damage Bangued town resident Erlinda Bisares told CNN Philippines: "We didn't mind our belongings, we just hurried outside. Life is more important." However, the Philippines is prone to natural disasters and is located within the 'Ring of Fire', a band of fault lines which arc around the edge of the Pacific Ocean. Earthquakes are frequent and there are an average of 20 typhoons each year, some triggering deadly landslides. Manuel Bonoan, the Philippines' Secretary of Public Works and Highways, said a clearing up operation was already underway. He also claimed his agency had started to remove debris from the main roads. The Office of Civil Defence administrator Ricardo Jalad also revealed some parts of Abra were still without power or water and experiencing communication outages. The budget ministry said authorities were ready to release funds for disaster relief. The earthquake measured in at 7.1 on Tuesday, Australia Government Geoscience claimed. DON'T MISS:Farage blasts Sunak for copycat 'bloke in a pub' campaign routineCamilla and Prince Charles visit Sandringham Flower ShowGB News: ‘Mess up!’ Macron ‘failed’ in manning Dover border The Great Luzon Earthquake of July 1990 came in at a magnitude of 7.7 and at a depth of 25km. The 1990 Luzon earthquake struck the island of Luzon in the Philippines at 4:26 pm (local time) on July 16 (PDT) or 3:26 pm (PST) with an estimated moment magnitude of 7.7 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX (Violent) and produced a 125 km-long ground rupture that stretched from Dingalan, Aurora to Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya.