A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live. The levy also needs to be paid to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. Currently, the cost of the television licence comes to £159 per household which covers every device in the one home. Hypothetically, someone who was paying the full amount for a TV licence would get £159 in a refund. It should be noted that while the BBC is responsible for managing the licence fee, the Government sets any deals, concessions or discounts. Examples of specific discounts include the 50 percent concession for those who are considered legally blind. In this circumstance, households that own a blind TV licence will only get £79.50 back in a refund. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Those interested can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. Each household has to have at least one complete month left in order to successfully claim the refund. Furthermore, applicants can only put forward a claim for a refund if their licence expired less than two years ago. People who claim the blind discount or are over the age of 75 are able to apply for the refund at any time, no matter how long they have left on their licence.  Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. TV Licensing is the body responsible for the administration of the licence fee and related issues. As part of the refund application, applicants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. As well as this, applicants must also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. On the TV Licensing website, the organisation provides advice to households who are looking to claim a refund on their BBC levy. The television body stated: “You can request a refund for your TV Licence if you won’t need your licence again before it expires, and you have at least one complete month left on it or your licence expired less than two years ago. “If you’re eligible for an over-75 or blind concession, you can apply at any time and for any length of time left on your licence. “You can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date you no longer need the TV licence.” For some households, they will be looking to claim a refund on their television licence despite the fact it is already expired. Regarding this issue, TV Licensing elaborated on what people in this situation can do to get their £159. TV Licensing added: “If you are asking for a refund on a licence that has expired, less than two years must have passed since the licence expiry date. “This does not apply if you are over 75 or blind. You can apply for a refund for any length of time left on your licence, and no matter how long ago you became eligible for an over-75 or blind concession.”