UK water shortages prompted by weeks without rain and record-high UK temperatures could force the Government to take drastic action in late summer and early autumn. British reservoirs are running critically low and have forced officials to place much of England on "Prolonged Dry Weather" status. If the country progresses to the next stage - official drought - people will have to observe a hosepipe ban. Figures show that the UK currently faces its driest conditions since 1976, and officials have warned Britons to use less water. After meeting on Tuesday, the Environment Agency’s National Drought Group (NDG) said it would not impose restrictions, instead urging people to reduce consumption. Harvey Bradshaw, the NDG executive director, said everyone must "do our bit by reducing unnecessary water consumption" but added the Environment Agency has started early preparations for drought. READ MORE: Hosepipe ban: Brits warned to 'save water' as UK threatened by drought Mr Bradshaw said agency teams were "enacting the early stages of our drought plans" in parts of England to "protect people’s access to water and preserve the environment". Official drought status would demand much more from the general public, and the NDG did not rule out a hosepipe ban. There are several definitions for drought, each of which defines the impacts of a lack of rainfall. The Met Office lists meteorological, ecological, agricultural and hydrological types of drought. Meteorological drought specifies below-average rainfall in any one region. Average summer rainfall in July is 2.5 inches for at least 10 of the month's 31 days. Many English regions have seen lower than that total this month, meaning they are experiencing meteorological drought. Farmers are the primary victims of agricultural drought as it prevents them from cultivating. In this case, a lack of rainfall may dry out the soil, meaning plants lose their nurturing environment - also causing ecological drought. Farmers have to use more irrigation to make up for lost rain and place additional strain on reservoirs. Hydrological droughts come from the other three when lack of rainfall forces people to rely on stored water. The pressure they cause on streams and reservoirs causes them to run low, meaning local areas suffer from more critical shortages. These types of drought often result in hosepipe bans, and individual water companies are responsible for enacting them.