 The Fixed Rate Saver can last from six months up to five years. The interest rate increases for longer terms, up to 2.7 percent for five years.    The deposit window starts once the account is open, until 9pm on the same day of the following weeks. People can make as many payments as they like during the deposit window, up to the maximum balance of £100,000. Savers can also have more than once Fixed Rate Saver, as long as their total funds are no more than £100,000. Accounts that do not receive any funds during the deposit window are registered as “unfunded” and will be closed by the bank. READ MORE: Scam warning: Victims losing more than £36,000 on average Payments can be made from another bank or building society and will usually show in the app immediately. In some cases, customers will only be able to pay in from a UK bank account in their name. Funds cannot be paid in via cheque. Once money has been paid into the account, it cannot be withdrawn until the end of the term. DON'T MISS:TSB increases interest rates to 2.5% [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]  Customers may be able to withdraw money if they get into financial difficulties. If a person is struggling, they can contact Customer Support on 0333 399 0050. This service is available from 8am to 8pm, seven days a week, or via the chat option in the app. Evidence may be required to support the individual’s request, and it’s important to get in touch as soon as they can. READ MORE: Scrap the licence!’ TV licence could be axed under planned BBC reforms  Atom bank customers have a maximum limit across all their accounts of £200,000, including £100,000 across all easy access accounts, including Instant Saver and Holding Accounts. The Atom bank app can be downloaded from Google Play or the Apple App store. The Bank of England has said that it may increase the base rate again, from 1.25 percent to tackle soaring inflation. Interest rates have already increased for five months in a row to tackle the recent jump in inflation, which has already hit 9.1 percent.  The Bank of England may lift rates by a half point to 1.75 percent in August from 1.25 percent, experts have suggested. Sir Jon Cunliffe, from the Bank of England, said: “We will do whatever is necessary to ensure that as this period of inflation goes through the economy, it does not leave us with a persistent domestically generated inflation problem. "We will act to make sure that doesn’t happen.” But he added: “What we expect is that the cost-of-living squeeze will actually hit people’s spending and that will start to cool the economy.”  