Rule 97 of the Highway Code states that drivers should ensure their clothing does not prevent them from using the controls in the correct manner. This also applies to the driver’s choice of footwear. Drivers face on-the-spot fines of £100 as well as three penalty points for wearing clothing which could restrict proper driving. These fines can be upgraded to £5,000 in addition to nine penalty points. If taken to court, motorists could face a driving ban. Maxi dresses could get caught underneath car pedals, which could lead to dangerous driving. READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency It could also restrict the foot movements of the driver and prevent them from using the pedals correctly. Baggy jeans could also lead to drivers being in hot water. The extra material of the trousers may become trapped underneath the pedal, similar to the maxi dress. Alistair Grier, Director of CarMoney, warned drivers that clothing could also affect the price of their car insurance. DON'T MISSDrivers could be saving hundreds on fuel by pressing secret button [INSIGHT]Petrol will be £10 per tank cheaper within two weeks, AA says [IMPORTANT]Drivers warned of 'dangerous' melting roads as gritters sent out [SHOCKING] It could “increase dramatically” if they are involved in an accident and any “inappropriate” clothing forced them to drive carelessly. Drivers should also avoid wearing flip flops, high heels and slippers when at the wheel. These could all cause difficulty for the driver when using the pedals. To be on the safe side, drivers are advised to wear trainers or other suitable shoes for comfort and to avoid any mishaps. Shoes with a sole that’s less than 10mm thick are considered “unsafe” to drive in. If travelling to a beach or lake to indulge in the warm weather, drivers should wear the most practical shoes when driving, keeping the other pair in the car. Sunglasses aren’t just a fashion statement, as they are very important for protecting your eyes while driving. Experts at the AA advise road users to choose sunglasses extremely carefully, as some can be too dark for driving. There are two essential requirements needed in lenses used for driving. This requires the vision to remain clear and ensure that the motorist has sufficient light to see the road ahead properly. People are recommended to have an eye test every two years to check if they need prescription glasses. Driving without glasses when required is illegal and can invalidate their car insurance, as well as lead up to a £1,000 fine.