Award-winning horticulturist and presenter Michael Perry, AKA Mr Plant Geek has teamed up with Taskrabbit. Taskrabbit, is a two-way platform which allows Britons to book skilled people from local communities for home and garden tasks. The company has recently found that 49 percent of Britons are envious over their neighbour’s gardens. Michael has partnered with Taskrabbit to share his top tips on the easy ways to spruce up gardens and outdoor space. The new research from Taskrabbit found that nearly half of Britons think their gardens looking nice is important. One of the top gardening tasks Britons disliked doing was weeding, with 43 percent of respondents claiming they feel put off by the task. The horticulturalist said he often allows weeds to grow in beds and borders as they’re great for pollinators. However, there are places “we don’t want weeds” between paving and in gravelled areas. “It’s the right weed, in the right place,” he exclusively told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’  Weeds are something gardeners may need help with too as they can get “out of control”. At this time of year, the weather's getting warmer and there have been damp conditions over the last few months which means weeds are growing stronger and getting deeper root systems. Michael said: “In the next few weeks, those weeds will be setting seeds as well, which means that the problem can almost get worse, and there is a real moment where you have to get on top of it. “But a lot of people miss that moment or maybe they're still too busy. Or just overwhelmed as well.” Michael suggested trying to remove weeds by hand to start with.  DON'T MISSBoris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]How to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [ANALYSIS]  To make it easier, gardeners should wear gloves when removing nettles and brambles. But weeding at the “right time” will also help. Weeding after it’s rained will make the soil softer which makes it easier to work with. Gardeners can also plant more plants to stop the weeds coming through and give the weeds “more competition”. “That could be a good way to stop the weeds without even lifting a finger,” Michael said. However, weeds are always more of a problem when they’re found in between paving or growing between brickwork. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  This is the point where most people would reach for a bottom of pesticide. But the gardening expert claimed there are plenty of “natural alternatives” in the marketplace. He said: “There's ones that are made from pelargonic acid, which is like geranium foliage. “It's actually made from an actual plant. So yes, there are options out there for people that you know, obviously, quite rightly don't want to use nasty chemicals.” Pelargonic acid is present in many plants and is a herbicide used to prevent the growth of weeds. Roundup 119871 Naturals Glyphosate-Free Powerful Weed Killer is available on Amazon for £5.31. Neudorff Natural Weedfree Weed Killer costs £19.49 from Gardening Naturally.com. Of the 2,057 garden-owners asked, one in five claimed they felt embarrassed about the state of their gardens as they don’t live up to their neighbour’s standards. A further 52 percent admitted they don’t pay enough attention to the appearance of their property.  Michael believes that before the pandemic began, people were too busy to notice their neighbours’ gardens. He said: “I think because people weren’t spending that time at home, they also weren’t feeling that pride and they weren’t even looking at their neighbours’ gardens. “The last two years, we’ve been spending a bit more time at home. “I think if you’d done this survey, maybe five years ago, it might have been a little bit different. “But definitely now, people are back to being green with envy about their neighbours’ gardens and they really want to get those gardens sorted but of course, it can be quite overwhelming.” With more people working from home, it’s likely that Britons are now enjoying their local areas more than they would have done in the past. The research also revealed that 25 percent of garden-owners don’t have the knowledge to care for their gardens, which is where Taskrabbit comes in. Michael added: “You can really get on top of those jobs and get the confidence to then do it yourself in the future because then you know how and you’ve got on top of it and it doesn’t feel like this big mountain of work.” Those looking to get a helping hand can book a Tasker online or on the Taskrabbit app.