The Duchess wore an azure blue and white polka dot dress by Alexandra Rich to Wimbledon, dazzling the crowd. Last month at Royal Ascot she wore a stunning white gown featuring huge black spots.  It seems to have been inspired by an elegant black dress that the Duchess wore for Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving in March. Eagle eyed royal fans spotted that her dress was littered with tiny white polka dots. Speaking to HELLO, colour psychologist and director of design at Lick Colour Tash Bradley said by wearing polka dot dresses the Duchess is intending to portray a sense of "playfulness". Ms Bradley also added that the royal trend for wearing polka dot dresses, with Princess Beatrice and Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway also joining in, "just screams out fun".  She said: "So someone who is wearing polka dots, they're wanting to portray a fun-ness, a sort of playfulness. "When you go for polka dots it's very playful, it opens up conversation, it makes you give off a sort of warm feel. "If, for instance, Kate was wearing let's say pink polka dots that could look too childish and actually the colour combination of the black and white with the polka dots works beautifully because then they have the elegance, the sophistication that she still needs, but polka dots – fun approachable, so that's fascinating. "It's interesting that they've all gone for polka dots because that straight away just screams out fun. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte asks Kate heartbreaking question before school  "That you're there to have a bit of fun, you're not trying to take yourself too seriously, you're trying to be softer in your approach I would say. "What I love is that the black and white is very Audrey Hepburn, very sophisticated, very elegant." It comes after Fashion expert Miranda Holder explained people can "steal Kate Middleton's style" by following three easy rules. She said: "There is so much we can learn from the Duchess of Cambridge when it comes to style. DON'T MISS: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant [REVEAL] Harry prepares for Home Office showdown over security [INSIGHT] Royal LIVE: 'Significant tensions' between Harry and Firm laid bare [SPOTLIGHT]  "Kate has lived life in the public eye and we have seen her transform from the aspirational, but still accessible young woman to the royal Princess and fashion icon she has become. "A style uniform can be a very useful wardrobe weapon. "It really takes the guesswork out of getting dressed in the mornings. "It can take a bit of work to establish just what your uniform needs to be but once done you can concentrate on other decisions rather than 'What should I wear today? "It's a great way to build a personal brand and ensures you will always be comfortable and stylish." 