Rishi Sunak has won the first round of voting by MPs to choose the next Conservative leader and prime minister. He got 88 votes, with Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt in second place on 67 and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss third on 50.  Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi and former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt were eliminated from the race. Those still in the contest face another round of voting on Thursday. After being eliminated from the race, the ex-Health Secretary said Mr Sunak had a “formidable ability” to deal with the challenging economy, but also said his character would suit the top job. He said: “Rishi is one of the most decent straight people with the highest standards of integrity that I have ever met in British politics.  “And that's why I would be proud to have him as my next Prime Minister.” A total of six candidates made it through the first round of voting, with chair of the backbench 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady revealing the number of MPs who had supported each of them. However, while Mr Sunak leads the vote in the Commons, Ms Mordaunt has topped two polls of the wider Tory membership. Mr Hunt only secured the backing of 18 MPs in the first round of voting on Wednesday, falling short of the threshold of 30.  READ MORE: Rail chaos to return as union sets date for new strike action But he was not alone, as the new chancellor, Mr Zahawi, also failed to make the mark, getting the support of only 25 MPs. Tory MPs will vote again on Thursday as they continue to narrow down the pack to the final two candidates. Mr Hunt, who made the final two to run against Boris Johnson in the last leadership election, gave "a gentle word of advice" to those still in the race, warning them against "smears and attacks" for "short term tactical gain". He added: “The nation is watching and they've had enough of our drama.”  DON'T MISS:Shock stats show Gatwick has most cancelled flights Priti Patel backs down from leadership race Queen likely to travel 800-miles to appoint new PM The race for the next Conservative leader is expected to be narrowed to two by the end of next week, and then around 160,000 Tory members decide which candidate they want to become the next party leader and Prime Minister. The result will be announced on September 5. 