Chelsea youngster Billy Gilmour could leave Stamford Bridge on a second consecutive loan this summer after Thomas Tuchel demoted him to the Under-23s' pre-season tour. The midfielder, who is believed to have admirers in the Premier League, may follow Armando Broja out the exit door with West Ham closing in on an agreement. Gilmour's handful of appearances for the Chelsea senior team were met with plenty of excitement from fans, with many expecting a bright future for the 21-year-old. His confidence took a knock while on loan at relegated Norwich City last term, however, where sections of supporters targeted him during a sequence of poor displays. Having reunited with the Blues in pre-season, Gilmour received another blow during their tour of the USA as Tuchel informed him that he wouldn't play, sending him to the U23s along with Harvey Vale and Tino Anjorin. It was a strong statement from Tuchel and co, with peripheral senior players Ross Barkley, Michy Batshuayi and Kenedy all remaining with the main tour. The Telegraph claim that Tuchel and Gilmour are set for crunch talks over his future, with another season-long loan the likely outcome. JUST IN: Man Utd 3-1 Crystal Palace: Five things we learned as Anthony Martial steals show again The Scotsman is thought to have admirers in the Premier League, including Everton boss Frank Lampard who worked with the youngster during his time in charge at Stamford Bridge. Whether Gilmour's talks with Tuchel will trigger action from the Toffees remains to be seen, but the player is seemingly in need of a manager to show faith in him after a tough stint at Carrow Road. "It was a difficult season," he admitted. "I went there with the idea of trying to play my best and some games it worked and some games it didn’t, so I took some experience from that and it will help me going forward. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag set to offer Donny van de Beek in Man Utd 'swap dealTen Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd stars as dressing room approach emergesDe Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Ten Hag makes plan clear   "It was also hard for my family. When you’ve got family in the stands and they’re shouting that it’s never nice, but I would just get my head down. I know what I’m good at, I’ll work hard on the field and try to get back. Of course it’s not nice. They stopped coming to the games, so it wasn’t nice. They weren't coming down for games at the weekend, just staying in the house." Gilmour's likely loan exit could accompany that of Broja, who is poised to join West Ham on a permanent deal. Express Sport understands that the striker, who dazzled in a temporary spell at Southampton last term, was intent on finding a permanent solution which would guarantee him regular game time. Although a complete agreement appears to be close, there are still fine details to be ironed out, including whether Chelsea are able to insert a buy-back option as part of the deal. The Hammers upped the pressure by increasing their bid on Monday, with an initial £30m now believed to be on the table. Many Blues fans had called for Broja to be given a prominent role in the squad this campaign after Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan, although it looks as though their wishes will fall on deaf ears. Levi Colwill may yet tread a similar path, with the teenager likely to jump ship if Chelsea sign two more centre-backs.