Adam Henson, has presented on Countryfile since 2001 after being spotted during a search for a new presenter. The experienced farmer has taken to Instagram to confirm that he is not leaving the popular BBC show after seeing recent "fake news". Adam shared a video of himself with a bull as he confirmed some important news to his 47,100 followers. He confirmed in the video: "A couple of months ago I launched my series on our Youtube channel and because of that the press picked up and assumed that I was leaving Countryfile. "Well, unless Countryfile wants to get rid of me I am seeing with the program for the foreseeable future. "So for those of you who are worried or concerned that I am leaving Countryfile. READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco "Thank you for your concern. But I'm definitely not. It's fake news." The caption read: "Be careful of fake news! "I hope you'll be glad to know I'm not leaving @bbccountryfile #bbccountryfile #fakenews." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their excitement that the presenter was on the show for the "foreseeable". Jrriddle said: "Excellent news! I really enjoy your segments." Franpodger added: "Good glad to hear. You and your amazing farm and animals are the best bit!" Holbeachsuffolks commented: "Good news countryfile would not be the same without you!" This comes after Adam took to Twitter in March to confirm he had created his own YouTube channel. DON'T MISS... 'Wish I could've persevered' Fern Britton talks regret over Phil split [INSIGHT] Carol Smillie, 60, stuns in blue dress with rarely-seen son [INSTAGRAM] Helen Skelton flashes flashes abs in crop top amid recent split [PICS] Adam wrote: "The news is out! "I’m excited to reveal that the @CotswoldFarmPrk team and I have been working on a brand new YouTube series and the first two episodes are now live here. "If there’s a topic you’d like me to feature, I'd love to know," he ended his post. The star accompanied the post with a sweet snap of him holding newborn lambs. Adam runs the Cotswold Farms Park, which his father started, with the site attracting over 70,000 visitors per annum. He and his friend Duncan Andrews also took on the lease of Bemborough Farm from his father in 1988, with the pair now jointly running the 1600 acre estate. On the estate they grow wheat, spring barley and oilseed rape, alongside a flock of 350 commercial ewes and numerous breeds of farm animals. The farm was first opened by Adam's father in 1971, with the aim to protect rare breeds of farm animals. You can watch Countryfile on BBC One at 7pm