Good Morning Britain spoke to Jan Strangryciuk during Wednesday’s instalment of the show after three men claimed to be from a water company to enter his house. They then robbed the veteran of his irreplaceable belongings including valuable war medals and thousands of pounds.  The Polish national, who now lives in London, told hosts Ed Balls and Ranvir Singh the incident was a horrible shock. Speaking about the thieves and the military medals, thousands of pounds in cash and sentimental jewellery they took, Jan said they should have had more respect for his old age. "I thought the people who committed crime probably have more respect for my old age," Jan sighed. Interrupting, Ed added: “For your old age, for your property, for your public service, your military service, for your medals, they had no respect at all!”    Viewers learned it wasn’t until a few hours after the men had left that Jan and his wife realised they had been robbed. Jan was joined on the show by his friend George Byczynski who has set up a GoFundMe page to try and help give them back the money that was stolen. Ranvir informed viewers the money which had been taken was savings for a trip back to Poland. George said: “They [Jan and his wife] had been planning a longer stay in Poland and they collected some cash, unfortunately, the robbers took that. “It just really hurts here [his heart] when you read about it. Also, reading the story of Jan, a living legend.”    “It just really hurts here [his heart] when you read about it. Also, reading the story of Jan, a living legend. “He lived in Argentina when the war started and he just thought he had to go and save his country, save Europe and fight for freedom. An incredible person.” Over 400 people have put in money to Jan’s GoFundMe page to try and help. Ranvir remarked: “It’s really about the medals isn’t it? I mean the money can be recovered and people can be generous but the loss of those medals is something that’s very important to Jan and his entire family.”    George revealed although Jan's military medals had been taken, the most important ones were hanging in his wardrobe and the thieves didn’t find them. He said: “British people, Polish people, people from all around the country are paying in now to get a new security system and get him a better holiday in his homeland with his wife and family.” Ranvir told Jan this incident wouldn’t beat him and get him down while those watching at home took to Twitter to share their disgust at the scam. Emma Hainsworth wrote: “That's disgusting that. Some people are just cruel horrible people.”    Nick Morgan added: “This makes my blood boil! It’s utterly disgusting." Hope tweeted: “Imagine risking your life for this country and this is how society repays you. Sad times! #gmb” Lee Anderson commented: “Who in their right minds decides it’s right (in their head) to go and rob a 100 year old war hero on broad daylight…scum #gmb Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am.   