AMC’s hit crime drama Better Call Saul is fast approaching its finale as it edges towards its links to the prequel series Breaking Bad. With three more episodes until its conclusion, Kim Wexler star Rhea Seehorn opened up about meeting Carol Burnett, who appeared on the 10th episode show.  Better Call Saul serves as both the prequel and the sequel of Netflix’s hit series Breaking Bad. It followed Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) a former con man as he switched gears and became a lawyer under his alias, Saul Goodman. By his side was his wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) a no-nonsense lawyer. With the show coming to an end in August, the actress opened up about the first time she met Carol Burnett.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub  On Tuesday, Seehorn sat down with chat show host Seth Meyers for an episode of The Late Night with Seth Meyers. Speaking on the iconic actress, she stated: “Obviously she’s a legend to lots of people, she’s a hero to me, an icon and someone I have admired forever. “ Seehorn expressed her apprehension: “You never know what’s it’s like when you meet those people.” However, Burnett exceeded her expectations as she added: “She could not be nicer, she could not be more genuine, generous and she’s a huge fan of the show.”    Detailing their first introduction, the actress explained: “So when they said, ‘Carol wants to know if you want to go to dinner’, I was so excited. “I went, I was shaking and she started asking me about Kim Wexler scenes in detail. “She’s a huge Kim Wexler fan and then I burst into tears.” Seehorn continued: “She’s Carol Burnett, I can’t say enough nice things about her.” DON'T MISS...Yellowstone newcomer showered with support as they spark concern [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn pays tribute to ‘legend’ co-star [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans outraged as Walter White fails to appear [INSIGHT] Burnett is a self-proclaimed fan of the show and is close to the lead actor as she was pictured alongside Odenkirk the day he gained a star in the Hollywood Hall of Fame. The actress portrayed Marion and ahead of her appearance she expressed her excitement in a statement, which read: “I’m thrilled to be a part of my favourite show.” Showrunner, Michelle MacLaren who directed the 10th episode titled Nippy also opened up about working with Burnett. In an interview with AMC, she stated working with her was: “Amazing. It was everything you would hope and imagine and more.”   Maclaren shared her praises: “She is phenomenal, she is such a pro, she's so down-to-earth, she is incredibly funny, she's really kind and generous. “She's a collaborator, she's very direct-able, she's brilliant! And she's not just brilliant at comedy, she's brilliant at drama. The showrunner added: “There's funny moments and there's dramatic moments, and she has it all. I can't say enough about her.” “What an incredible honour. I adore her! It was such a privilege, I feel so fortunate to have worked with her.”  Better Call Saul continues Monday on AMC in the US and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK   