Two studies led by a team at the University of Bristol have found that dogs fed on a diet of raw meat are more likely to excrete antibiotic-resistant bacteria Escherichia coli (E. coli) in their faeces. The studies, published in the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy, investigated adult dogs and found links between dogs eating raw meat and excreting resistant E. coli.      That is regardless of the dogs’ age or the length of time they are fed a raw meat diet. The environment a dog lives in also played a part in the potential for them excreting resistant bacteria. Raw feeding was a strong risk factor for dogs living in the countryside, while in city-dwelling dogs, risk factors were much more complicated, probably reflecting the variety of lifestyles and exposures among city dogs. For the purpose of the study, scientists analysed hundreds of faecal samples from dogs in association with information provided by their owners. REDA MORE: Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK Matthew Avison, Professor of Molecular Bacteriology from the School of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, who led the microbiology aspects of these studies, said: “Antibiotic-resistant bacteria are everywhere, but some antibiotics are considered critically important for use in humans. “We have shown that dogs fed raw meat are more likely to carry bacteria resistant to these important medicines. This doesn’t mean that the animal, or the owner, will become sick. “We should do everything we can to reduce the circulation of critically important antibiotic-resistant E. coli and other bacteria. “Our research adds to the increasing evidence that not feeding raw meat to dogs may help in that objective.” DON'T MISS: Warning to dog owners who risk £100 fine if caught foul of rule'Deadly dangerous' treats for dogs spark urgent vet warningVet shows the result of owners not brushing their pet’s teeth From her side, the studies’ co-author Kristen Reyher, who is a Professor of Veterinary Epidemiology and Population Health at the Bristol Veterinary School, said: “We know humans and animals share bacteria with one another, so what we find in your pet may well also be in you. “Pet owners should be encouraged to practice good hygiene and not feeding raw food to your dog can be part of this. “We can all do our part to decrease antibiotic resistance and its terrible effects on both human and animal health.”