Frenkie de Jong has been captured on video after Barcelona players jetted out to the United States for their pre-season tour. The Netherlands international remains Manchester United’s top target. And reports over the past 24 hours have shut down suggestions he’s hesitant to move to England, insisting he’s ‘willing’ to play for the Red Devils. Barcelona would, in an ideal world, like to keep De Jong. But with the La Liga giants needing to register the likes of Andreas Christensen, Franck Kessie and Robert Lewandowski - as well as re-registering Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto - their need to sell is growing. United have agreed a fee with their Catalan counterparts for De Jong, with the Red Devils willing to pay an initial £63million in order to bring the 25-year-old to Old Trafford. On Saturday, it emerged the former Ajax star would be jetting out to the United States with the rest of his Barcelona team-mates. And a video from Mundo Deportivo shows the Netherlands international arriving. De Jong, like the rest of his pals, took his suitcase from the club’s bus before embarking up some steps to the hotel. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan He waved to those in nearby proximity, with some fans present to see their heroes arrive in Florida. De Jong’s preference is to stay at Barcelona, having grown up supporting the club as a young child. He and his family would often vacate in the city, with the midfielder sporting their colours during his time as an infant. Yet a report from The Mirror has claimed De Jong is ‘willing’ to join United this summer, despite claims to the contrary. He’s unwilling to publicly push for a move to Old Trafford, though, believing it would weaken his position at a time where he’s owed money. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, De Jong agreed to take a temporary pay cut to help the club. And he’s now owed £17m in deferred wages as a result, with Barcelona currently reluctant to cough up the cash. This, it’s stated, is what is currently holding up De Jong’s move to United. The Red Devils, for their part, have held discussions about paying some or all of the money if it makes the midfielder’s transfer fee lower. Yet it’s stated ‘complicated tax implications as well as abiding by UEFA and FIFA codes of practice have made that a non-starter.’. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Barcelona boss Xavi has long talked up De Jong. But, behind the scenes, it’s named the Spaniard is ‘prepared to sacrifice’ the former Ajax star as he looks to get new faces in. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick thinks the Netherlands international is worth the substantial investment. “Money shouldn’t be an issue, as Richard Arnold said in the video, so they need to pay what it takes because he’s a player they need,” he said. “Even if it comes to €80-85million, that’s where the market is now. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Ten Hag needs to be able to get the players he wants. €85m is a large price, but at the same time it wasn’t so long ago that he was seen as one of the hottest prospects in European football. "I think that’s the kind of market for players of that calibre now. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here