Royal biographer Tom Bower took a dig at Prince Harry for his “disloyalty” to the Royal Family, which he described as "appalling". In an explosive new book, the biographer exposes the details of tensions between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the rest of the royals. When asked whether Prince Harry should behave better, Mr Bower said: "Yes, I think Harry is a damaged person on his own admission."  Mr Bower said: "And I think that was he helped? Yes. Was he given enormous support? Yes. And he lives a very privileged life. "And I think the way, his disloyalty to his family is appealing." Clarifying his statement, Mr Bower said the reason why Prince Harry has been disloyal is because of the Oprah Winfrey interview, an upcoming series on mainstream service Apple and an interview on NBC where he refused to say whether he misses his father and brother. He added: "The treatment of the Queen by Harry hasn’t been really edifying. I think he can do better."  Sky News’ Kay Burley noted that "he did come for the Jubilee" celebrations marking the 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II’s service to Britain. Mr Bower laughed, saying: "Well, he came under protest. That is not what he wanted." "Well, there’s a fascination because this couple is quite exceptional. The Royal Family is a major international institution. And whether it’s Diana or Fergie but this time it’s Meghan or Harry, the fascination is how a couple who given everything can just not be satisfied, so rebellious. "And it’s the human reaction, the human relationships which intrigue us. Why do people behave the way they do? Why are they disloyal? Why do they tell things which are not true? Why do they keep on trying to upset the other? What is their ambition? What is their hunger? What can actually satisfy them?" READ MORE: Prince Harry fans fume at attack on 'completely unqualified' Duke "Why is Montecito, this amazing mansion in California, how is it financed? How do they stay living there?" Mr Bower asked. "This is extraordinarily interesting human life." Tensions between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family have ratcheted up since the Jubilee celebrations. Prince Harry was reportedly "very upset" that he and Meghan Markle were ignored by the other royals for the most part of the celebrations. DON'T MISS:‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack [REPORT]Meghan and Harry warned they 'can't coast on their titles forever' [REPORT]'Ambitious and ruthless' Tom Bower on exactly how he felt when he met [REPORT] Royal biographer Angela Levi who spent a year writing a biography on Prince Harry said the prince was "absolutely furious." "I think he would have been very, very upset that he was largely ignored. He still feels he's owed an apology," Ms Levin told The Sun. However, according to Angela Levin, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are taking their revenge with a multi-million pound deal with streaming giant Netflix and an upcoming series set to lift the lift on their private life in Montecito, California. Prince Harry is also expected to publish a bombshell tell-all book memoir through Penguin Random House, which is rumoured to be coming out in the autumn of this year. READ NEXT:Harry sparks US backlash over speech 'Don't care what he thinks!'Meghan Markle fills Montecito home with 'neutral tones' for key reasonMeghan Markle and Beatrice wear almost identical blue dress Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warningMeghan Markle wears ‘promise ring’ for women