Kubrat Pulev stole Derek Chisora’s hat during their heated face-off at Wednesday’s open workout as both men butted heads on the eve of fight night. The pair are scheduled to square off for a second time on July 9 at the 02 Arena, London. In their first encounter, Pulev came away the victor via a split decision in Hamburg, Germany. During the lead-up to the contest, both men had to be separated at a pre-fight face-off after Chisora grabbed hold of Pulev’s head. Then during the weigh-in chaos ensued as ‘Del Boy’ bulldozed through the audience in pursuit of Pulev as a mass brawl nearly broke out in Germany. Heading into the rematch, however, things have been mostly playful so far. During their bizarre face-off interview a few weeks ago, Chisora described fighting top-level opposition like ‘getting hard’ for ‘Miss Universe.’ "It’s like this, yeah. You've got Miss Universe there, you've got some Timbuktu chick somewhere, fat, smelly p***y, which one would you go for? Which one would you rather wake up for and get a hard-on for? I'm getting my hard-on for you,” he said. Things got even weirder when Pulev punched and tried to eat his own phone after a video call with Chisora a few days ago. But it seems things are returning to their previous intensity as their most recent stare-down suggests. After both men had performed their open-air public workouts for the assembled crowds in London, Chisora and Pulev came head-to-head in front of Tower Bridge. At first, it seemed like they were going to partake in a fairly normal stare-down until Pulev stole ‘Del Boy’s’ hat and pressed his forehead against Chisora’s. After a brief justle for dominance, heated words were exchanged, and the fighters left the stage on their own accord. The bout billed as ‘Total Carnage’ features a plethora of talented fighters on the event’s undercard including Felix Cash, Israil Madrimov, Caoimhin Agyarko, and Ramla Ali. Coming into the contest, Chisora has lost his last three bouts and sits at 32-12 as a professional. ‘Del Boy’ was defeated by unified heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk in 2020 before back-to-back losses to former WBO title holder Joseph Parker. Pulev has only had one fight since his knockout defeat against Joshua in 2020 – a decision victory over Jerry Forrest in May. The Bulgarian currently holds a 29-2 record.