The Princess Royal, 71, was part of the wedding party watching on as her ex-husband, Captain Mark Phillips, gave away his daughter, Stephanie, during the ceremony. The 24-year-old, who is the daughter of Captain Phillips and his second wife, has maintained a close relationship with her half-siblings, Zara Tindall and Peter Philllips. Both were in attendance with their partners, Mike Tindall and Lindsay Wallace. Stephanie’s mother, Sandy Pflueger, was married to Captain Phillips from 1997 until 2012 following his separation from Princess Anne. But after Princess Anne and Captain Phillips divorced in 1992, the Princess Royal’s ex-husband continued to live on her Gatcombe estate. Stephanie also resided on the Gloucestershire grounds, growing up in Aston Farm. Stephanie’s wedding to William Hosier took place in the Gloucestershire town of Tetbury, at the St Mary The Virgin Church. The Queen’s granddaughter, Zara, was a vision in blue, which she accessorised with a striking hat and nude shoes. She looked on as her two eldest children, eight-year-old Mia and Lena, four, played the role of bridesmaids. But as the young sisters made their way to the service, Princess Anne appears to frown at Lena, who looks sullenly at the ground. READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges In a separate shot, the Princess Royal looks to be speaking sternly to the youngster, who clings to Zara's hand. They were joined by their cousins, eleven-year-old Savannah and younger sister Isla. The two children of Peter Phillips were in the company of their mother, Autumn, who separated from Princess Anne’s son back in 2019. Autumn attended the service with her new partner, Donal Mulryan. DON'T MISS: Kate’s parents to have kids 'for themselves' over summer [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: Tom Cruise couldn't take eyes off Kate at Wimbledon [LIVE] Britons condemn Prince Charles's future over 'cash for honours' - poll [POLL] She shares a love of horses found in many members of the Royal Family, as well as being passed down from her mother, herself an Olympic equestrian. Sandy competed for the USA in the Los Angeles Olympics, originally hailing from Hawaii. She shares this prestigious achievement with Zara, who represented Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics. Stephanie, who has not enjoyed the same level of success in the sport, recently graduated from the University of Worcester. She studied Business Management after attending Dean Close School in Cheltenham.