 The 82-year-old comedy icon, whose role as Derek ‘Del Boy’ Trotter in Only Fools and Horses brought the nation to tears of laughter, has seen tragedy over the years. His wife died of cancer over two decades ago. He has also seen the deaths of members of the Only Fools and Horses cast, such as John Challis in September 2021. The actor has spoken about the loss of Challis and detailed his own health on Good Morning Britain in the past.  He said in September 2021: "It was not a complete surprise because poor old John hadn't been well for the last month or two but he went downhill so fast, very rapidly, that one minute we were thinking he was on the road to recovery." Speaking about his own health, he added: “Turning 80 was all right. "One minute you're 35 and the next you're 80. “You're so busy getting on with life and I'm lucky that everything's still in good working condition.”  READ MORE: Cancer: The fruit shown to 'selectively' kill cancer - may be 'more effective' than chemo The actor lost his wife Myfanwy Talog – his partner of 18 years – in 1995 due to breast cancer. In his autobiography, David Jason: My Life, the star describes being "numb with grief". "You can imagine: tears. It was terrible. She had a specialist who said she should have an operation to remove her breast because radiotherapy wasn't going to shrink the cancer on its own. "That was so hard for her to take. Neither of us had known anything like this in our lives before. It was a whole new reality to get used to. It was a very stressful time, a terrible, difficult emotional time."   Jason’s TV appearance followed public concern about his health. The star was spotted looking frail last year after attending a performance at the Oxford Playhouse last summer. The actor also spoke about how he was finding life difficult during the pandemic. On a Youtube channel, he said: “Hi everyone, I just thought I'd give you some moral support during these very difficult and trying times. “I mean they are really difficult and trying for everyone, moi included, but stick with it and try to do what the government says.”  READ MORE: Judi Dench: 'I’m not going to be beaten' Star on adapting to her 'ridiculous' condition There are many things you can do to make sure, like Jason, you “feel all right” at 80 and beyond. Of course, there are thousands of factors that determine healthy ageing. However, some general things such as managing stress and eating a healthy diet have been proven to promote health after the age of 50.  Heart issues are the biggest killer worldwide. According to the Mayo Clinic, not smoking, getting high-quality sleep (seven to nine hours), eating healthily, and doing regular exercise can all promote heart health. These factors will also reduce the risk of a wide range of conditions, including cancer.