In this acrimonious summer of discontent, the only reliable feature of the rail network is the relentless militancy of the trade unions. Devoid of any spirit of responsibility and gripped by narrow self-interest, these tinpot troublemakers relish every opportunity to inflict misery on the British public. Their mindset of permanent grievance leaves them keener on picket lines than train lines, more enthusiastic about rolling strikes than rolling stock. This week, the bullies have been at it again, holding the country to ransom as they paralyse the railways. Beginning Wednesday morning, a 24-hour walkout by the RMT over pay and job security meant that around 80 per cent of services were cancelled, while Saturday will see another major stoppage by members of train drivers union Aslef. Further industrial action is planned for August, with the white-collar transport union the TSSA also taking part. The puerile addiction to confrontation is making the task of management almost impossible. On Wednesday, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps revealed that this year alone, there have been 60 union-led disputes in the sector. In the last three years it is 160. Justifying the turmoil, the Left-wing RMT – led by Mick Lynch – wails about safety, workplace rights and “oppressive” attitudes from the Government and train operators. Echoing this lament, former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn declared on a Euston picket line on Wednesday that “the degree of poverty pay within the rail industry is huge”. But the pose of penurious victimhood is laughable, as median salaries for rail staff are £44,000 and for train drivers £59,000.  Moreover, rail employees enjoy conditions that would be the envy of most private sector workers, including better pensions, shorter hours, longer holidays and a host of travel perks. Cocooned in their bubble of self-indulgence, the unions lack any sense of economic realism. Even as passenger numbers fall rapidly due to home working, the blinkered agitators demand that there should be no compulsory redundancies. As Mr Shapps asked, “In what business would you be able to say, ‘We will never lose anyone from their jobs?’” The unions like to think of themselves as progressive. In truth they are profoundly reactionary, selfishly fighting to defend outdated privileges and antiquated working practices. During the pandemic, the Government poured in £16billion of taxpayer subsidies to keep the network going, yet the pig-headed RMT and its allies continue to oppose essential reform and modernisation. Management reports claim they have tried to block the use of modern technology for communications, like Zoom and FaceTime, and battled to uphold anachronistic walking time allowances and rules on interrupting lunch and tea breaks. Behind all this resistance to change is a yearning for the kind of political power that the unions wielded before the advent of Margaret Thatcher. Lynch and his comrades look back on the 1970s as a golden age, when the authority of governments was eroded by strikes, which in 1979 accounted for 29 million working days lost.  But this nostalgia ignores the truth that all this upheaval caused terrible damage to the economy, fuelling inflation and wrecking businesses, as epitomised by the destruction of the car manufacturer British Leyland through the nihilism of its shop stewards, led by the notorious communist Derek “Red Robbo” Robinson, who once organised 523 walkouts during a 30-month period. Today, the RMT, Aslef and the TSSA could have the same destructive influence on our railways. What makes their antics all the more dangerous is that their bellicosity is spreading across public services, into teaching, the NHS, universities, local authorities, air transport and the Post Office. A further crackdown on unions is needed to halt the expensive contagion of industrial unrest. Tory leadership front-runner Liz Truss has promised a raft of measures, including minimum service levels and higher thresholds in strike ballots. A far simpler, more effective step would be to remove the immunity unions enjoy from claims for damages arising from their actions. No other corporation, body or individual has such a wide-ranging legal privilege. Its abolition would create a new climate of responsibility by forcing unions to face up to the impact of strikes. A few lawsuits from angry customers or commercial operators would soon silence the Lynch mob and end the current slide into chaos. 