Barbecue season is in full swing as a heatwave engulfs huge swathes of the UK. However, if you want to make the most of dining al fresco, experts recommend opting for food items that can keep you hydrated. Hello Fresh's recipe development manager, Mimi Morley, recommends opting for foods with high water content. She explained: "If you’re looking for a cold dish to enjoy in the sun, make sure to jam-pack your salad bowl with lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes and bell peppers, as these all feature high water content, as well as packing plenty of flavour into your dish. "Alternatively, for a warmer dish, soups and broths are ideal for hydration and vegetables like cabbage and cauliflower are the perfect additions for added water content." For those with a sweet tooth, the foodie suggests opting for juicy fruits as a snack or dessert. She said: "I’d recommend creating kebab sticks full of your favourite fruits and dipping them in plain yoghurt. "Plain yoghurt and fruits such as grapefruit, strawberries, oranges and peaches are the perfect foods that contain high water content and will keep you hydrated to get you through the heatwave.” Five foods to keep you hydrated during the heatwave Salad vegetables, including tomatoes, cucumber and leafy greens, are a perfect option for hot days. Whether you are using your vegetables as a side dish or are packing lots into a vitamin-rich salad, most salad additions have high water content. Dark leafy greens, for example, are composed of between 80 and 95 percent water, making them an easy-to-digest hydrating option. Red tomatoes are 94 percent water and green tomatoes are approximately 93 percent. Raw cucumbers are another H20-rich vegetable, made up of roughly 95 percent water. READ MORE: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel Although broccoli seems like a dense vegetable, it actually packs a watery punch. According to Bupa, broccoli is made up of 90 percent water along with an array of vital nutrients, including vitamin K, vitamin A, iron, calcium and folic acid. DON'T MISSHow to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge  [INSIGHT]Easy 'hack' to keep your gin and tonic cooler for longer [COMMENT]How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [EXPLAINER] There's nothing quite like biting into a juicy strawberry or a delicious sliced of melon under the sweltering sun. The good news is most fruits are also extremely hydrating. Yellow melon, for example, is made up of around 91 percent water. And, as the name suggests, the content of watermelon is approximately 92 percent water. If you prefer berries, strawberries are an instant hit, made up of 92 percent water as well as an array of antioxidants and plant compounds ideal for heart health and blood sugar control. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ice cream might be a quintessential summer's day treat, but if you're looking to water your sugar intake, plain yoghurt could be a hydrating, healthier alternative. According to Healthline, a 245g serving of plain yoghurt is made up of more than 75 percent water. Yoghurt is also rich in vitamins and minerals, including calcium, potassium and phosphorus, all of which benefit bone health. A warm bowl of soup might not be the first thing you think of during a heatwave, but the dish can be a great way to hydrate your body and pack in lots of vegetables too. Most soups and broths are usually water-based. For something chilled, why not try your hand at making Gazpacho, one of the most famous cold soups in the world. This cold Spanish soup is traditionally made from tomatoes, peppers, and other salad vegetables.