Yesterday, Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige gave the MCU’s biggest panel of movie and TV show announcements at San Diego Comic-Con in three years. Announcing that The Multiverse Saga, which began in 2021 with WandaVision, will end with Avengers 5 and 6 in 2025 blew the audience’s minds. Avengers 5 is called Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and is set for release on May 5, 2025. The title is taken from a Marvel Comics storyline of the same name involving Kang the Conqueror, a time-travelling despot descended from Fantastic Four’s Reed Richards, bent on overtaking Earth in the early 21st century. Jonathan Majors has been cast as The Multiverse Saga’s overall Thanos-level villain, having debuted as his variant He Who Remains in Loki. Kang himself will kick off Phase 5 as the main antagonist in Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania in February 2023. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty will be followed up with Avengers 6, which will be called Avengers: Secret Wars and is set for release on November 7, 2025. This title is also taken from a Marvel Comics run when the multiverse collided with variants of different superheroes. What could this be like? Just imagine the Avengers Endgame final battle but with three Spider-Man stars instead of just Tom Holland! Yet despite all this exciting news, Feige did have some bad news to share with fans that will no doubt disappoint many. READ MORE: Avengers 5 and 6 release dates, titles announced with new MCU movies Many Marvel fans had hoped that Avengers Infinity War and Avengers Endgame director The Russo Brothers would return to direct the long-rumoured Secret Wars epic. Tragically, Feige told Deadline: “They are not connected to it. They have been very direct about that. We love them. They love us. We want to find something to do together, just not this.” However, the MCU boss did have a tantalising tease to share for the X-Men’s debut into the franchise after Disney’s merger with Fox, who owned the rights to the characters’ portrayal on the big screen. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2: Tom Cruise ‘in talks for Iron Man in Secret Wars’ [TOM CRUISE]Spider-Man: Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield ‘wanted for Secret Wars’ [SPIDER-MAN]Avengers 5 theory: Multiple Marvel variants will clash in Secret Wars [SECRET WARS] Sir Patrick Stewart played a variant of Professor X in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness and Kamala Khan was revealed to be a mutant at the end of Ms Marvel, both with the X-Men animated series’ iconic theme played over these scenes. It’s only a matter of time for Wolverine and the gang, plus Ryan Reynolds’ Deadpool, to enter the MCU – so where are they in The Multiverse Saga?  Comic Book asked Feige, joking that we wouldn’t see them until Phase X (Phase 10). Feige replied: “You want to wait till Phase 10 for the X-Men? Alright, that's longer than I want to wait. But I guess…” With such a knowing wink of a reply, our best bet would be that the mutants will debut in a movie during Phase 6 in and around Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars, in one of those yet-to-announced slots that may be unveiled at D23 in September. Just as Multiverse Saga characters debuted around Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame, this would then allow them to be the leads of the third MCU saga in Phase 7 and beyond. SOURCE