Lesley is best known for playing Brenda Walker on Emmerdale, the village gossip who was introduced as the adoptive mother of Gennie Walker (Sian Reese-Williams). The actress has been a part of the world of the ITV soap for 14 years, having made her debut in 2008 and the character has had several romances. Though, her current one has allowed her to play alongside her real-life husband which came in handy during the coronavirus pandemic as they didn't have to follow restrictions as closely as their co-stars. When she was 21 years old, Lesley met her first husband, Christopher Guard, who is best known for playing nurse Kenneth Hodges on BBC medical drama Casualty. The pair had two daughters together; Daisy and Rosie, after getting married but after 18 years, they decided to get divorced. Whereas Christopher is now in a relationship with his former co-star, Cathy Shipton, Lesley also began dating Eric Pollard actor Chris Chittell after joining the cast of the weeknight serial drama. It seemed to be love at first sight as their relationship picked up pace and the pair ended up getting married in 2016. In the last couple of years, producers for the show have put their alter-egos into a relationship so the couple get to work together as well. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit After getting engaged in 2015, the couple walked down the aisle just a year later and they got married at St Peter's Church in Cornwall. The ceremony was watched over by their friends and family, with Lesley wearing an off-white gown and veil as she tied the knot for the second time. Explaining how they met, Chris explained: "It was weird. Somehow we’d never met before and we just kept bumping into each other at work. "I can’t even remember if I asked her on a date or she asked me, but she is wonderful and we’re very happy," he told The Daily Record. They do not have any children together but just like Lesley, Chris has two grown-up children from previous relationships. With their alter-egos being in a romance on-screen, this meant the pair didn't need to be two metres apart whilst on set during the pandemic. As they lived together, the couple were part of the same bubble and this allowed some sense of normality to play out on the show. They are not the only real-life couple starring in the weeknight serial drama as Cain Dingle star Jeff Hordley and Rhona Goskirk star Zoe Henry are also married. In fact, Chris' on-screen son and David Metcalfe star Matthew Wolfenden is married to Debbie Dingle actress, Charley Webb. However, when her character started to get intimate with Eric on the show, Lesley wasn't too keen on their romance being portrayed to viewers. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] With Brenda and Eric having an on/off romance over the years, the actress explained in 2015: "I didn’t like it when Brenda and Pollard were an item and we had to do kissing scenes in front of everybody. "I’d end up thinking, ‘Go away, this is private!’ "So I don’t think I’d ever want Brenda and Pollard to get back together again – it’s bad enough living with him in real life," she told the Press Association. It seems her stance has changed over the last few years, with the couple's characters often sharing a kiss on-screen. Working together doesn't seem to impact their private life as Chris has explained they make the arrangement work for them. The actor said: "We make a point of not talking about Emmerdale when we’re at home though – that would be just too sad, wouldn’t it. "And we do get strange looks when we’re out sometimes. You can see people getting confused," he continued but he is thankful for meeting his wife at work. "That’s something else I’ve got to thank Emmerdale for. Everyone thinks it’s the younger members of the cast who have all the fun but we more mature ones do too." Just as Lesley was married, Chris has also tied the knot in the past to his former spouse Caroline Hunt who he divorced in 2005. Caroline was with Chris at the time he joined Emmerdale, after struggling to get some work before being asked to join the cast for 12 episodes initially. Chris said: "It was a funny time really. We were doing what we could to make a living and I was trying to get jobs as well. “My wife and I had just come back from South Africa and we moved down to Devon to take over this little shop on a holiday estate. “I was working in the week – doing the Scottish play with Peter O’Toole – then serving people in the shop at weekends.” However, life is very different for Chris now and almost 40 years later, he is more than happy with his life with Lesley. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.