Daniel Ricciardo has defended Lewis Hamilton ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix by blasting fans who celebrate during crashes. The McLaren star said fans should remember drivers are “human beings” and called for supporters to act their age. The Australian said fans should be more “mature” and remember they shouldn’t act like 15-year-olds. He told RaceFans: “An accident falls into a bit of a different kind of territory. “For sure rivalries are great, and the Lewis and Max one especially last year was awesome, and like any sport you’re always going to have for and against. So I think on-track battles to be cheered or whatever is cool. I’ve never been a fan of booing so I don’t condone booing. Of course you’re going to have the ones you like and the ones that you don’t necessarily root for. But I think in an accident, you wish not to see it.” It comes after Dutch fans celebrated Lewis Hamilton's crash in Q3 on Friday. The Mercedes star lost control at turn seven and took a big hit into the tyre barrier on one of his first flying runs. READ MORE: Hamilton blasts 'mind-blowing' fans who cheered crash at Austrian GP This led to rapturous applause from the crowd, who are mainly supporters of Max Verstappen. Hamilton also hit back at supporters who celebrated his accident after the session. The seven-time champion explained: “I don’t agree or condone any of that, no matter what. I mean, a driver could have been in hospital and you’re going to cheer that? “It’s mind-blowing that people would do that, just knowing how dangerous that sport is. I’m grateful that I wasn’t in hospital and I wasn’t heavily injured. You should never cheer someone's downfall, someone's injury or crash. It shouldn't have happened at Silverstone, and it shouldn't have happened here.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton 'not fighter he was' – Bernie Ecclestone [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's panicked talk with Toto Wolff: 'This is crazy' [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton reacts to opening lap collision in Austrian sprint race [ANALYSIS] Verstappen was booed by the British crowd at Silverstone last week both in the build-up to the race and after the Red Bull picked up car damage on the opening laps. However, Hamilton defended the Dutchman, claiming it should not have happened to him either. Verstappen came to his own defence of Hamilton, claiming spectators who jeered drivers were not proper fans. He told The Guardian: “Those people are not really F1 fans. “They cannot really enjoy what is actually happening right now, a lot of great drivers actually fighting against each other. They cannot appreciate that and it’s a bit of a shame. How many times do you get to experience stuff like that? Such an intense rivalry or fights. These people are not lovers of the sport.”