The Duchess celebrates her 75th birthday on July 17 and has marked the occasion by guest editing Country Life magazine. It is also 25 years since Prince Charles threw a party for Camilla at Highgrove. At that time, Camilla was seen as a controversial figure by some members of the public because of the affair between the now married couple. Writer Will Lloyd, writing for UnHerd, said: "Suspicions about her have lasted. Only 13 percent of the public believe Camilla should be Queen. "In the run up to her birthday next week, newspapers wonder how Camilla has 'won everyone round', but she remains, in tabloidese, a 'controversial figure'. "The public are persistent Diana partisans. They do not get on with it. Like some of our politicians, for them it is eternally 1997, and Diana’s car will always be heading towards a smash. "Against this sentimental legend, Camilla has nothing to offer but her Jack Russell terriers, being 'nice' to photographers, and that time she laughed at some Inuit throat singers. "She becomes a mirror of her mother-in-law — a quiet enigma."  Queen Elizabeth II announced in February that she wants Camilla to be styled Queen Consort when Charles becomes king. The move cements Camilla's place at the heart of the Royal Family after she was once judged an outsider. In a letter written to mark the 70th anniversary of her accession to the throne, the Queen said the occasion had prompted her to reflect on the loyalty and affection shown to her by the public. The Monarch said she hoped Charles and Camilla would receive the same support.   READ MORE ABOUT WHY MPS ARE WEARING WHITE FLOWERS She said: "[It] is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Mr Lloyd concluded: "History would have made most people in her position a fool, or sent them mad. "Instead it has given her a gift, albeit a rather tainted one: being our Queen. It’s the least she deserves." Camilla paid tribute to Prince Charles as one of her rural heroes in an article she penned for Country Life magazine. The Duchess described the countryside as a key part of the future king's "heart and soul".  DON'T MISS: Teacher sobs as she's cleared of sex crimes against 'obsessed' pupil [LATEST] Hosepipe BAN warning: UK braced for new rules to tackle water shortage [REVEALED] Jake Paul gives brutal answer to KSI v Alex Wassabi question [REPORT] She wrote: "My husband is a countryman to his very core. It's the place where he is most happy and relaxed, an integral part of his heart and soul. "Whether he's hedge-laying in the pouring rain, striding, like a mountain goat, up impossibly steep Highland hills, planting trees in the arboretum or pruning at Highgrove, this is where he finds true peace." On Tuesday, the Duchess proclaimed herself a "confirmed oldie" as she celebrated her 75th birthday with guests including Jeremy Irons and Dame Joanna Lumley. Actors, musicians and writers joined her for a champagne reception and sea bass lunch at the National Liberal Club in Whitehall. Camilla appeared in good spirits, cracking jokes about toilet paper and telling guests she wanted her party to celebrate the achievements of those aged over 70.  Broadcaster Gyles Brandreth joked with guests: "You sweetly thought you were here because of who you are. You're actually here because of how old you are." The afternoon began with the Duchess greeting arrivals in the club's foyer before heading up to a terrace overlooking Whitehall Gardens. Sipping from a Diet Coke with ice and lime, Camilla chatted with well-wishers including Sir Derek Jacobi and Sian Phillips. Once the group moved into the dining room, the Duchess spoke about the year she was born and paid tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, who died in April last year. She said: "I know that some of you were around in 1947 - by the way, a vintage year for claret. "It was also the year when the first Ealing Comedies were released, the school leaving age was raised to 15, Gardeners' Question Time was first broadcast, the University of Cambridge admitted women to full membership and soft loo paper went on sale for the first time.  "It was also in 1947 that the-then Princess Elizabeth married Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten: two of the most remarkable people in our country's history. "The Duke of Edinburgh's philosophy was clear - look up, look out, say less, do more and get on with the job - and that's just what I intend to do." Speaking near a marble statue of William Gladstone, Britain's oldest prime minister, she continued: "Both he and Her Majesty have been... an inspiration to each one of us here to do the same, whatever her age." As the sea bass arrived, Camilla was seated next to Lord Lloyd Webber and Jeremy Irons, with the children's author Michael Morpurgo opposite. Before pudding of Earl Grey tea and dark chocolate truffle cake, Camilla took Dame Joanna Lumley's chair, where she joined Nigel Havers and former ITN newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald.  Brandreth, a former Tory MP, compared his difficulties organising the seating plan to "the way the Prime Minister has had to arrange his Government over the last ten days". He also took the opportunity to return a senior railcard to the poet John Agard, who had dropped it during the champagne reception. After a speech by Lord Williams, who hailed the Duchess as a "warrior lady", Camilla was presented with a birthday cake by her 15-year-old granddaughter, Lola. The tiered creation - featuring the Duchess' coat of arms and Jack Russells - was wheeled in on a trolley as the award-winning bass baritone Willard White led guests in a round of "Happy Birthday". 