Changes in a woman's weight can be sign she is beginning the menopause and it's not uncommon for them to watch the number on the scales creep up. But what happens after the cycle has finished? Dr Pelin Baturn, who specialises in women's health, offered some advice on what to do to avoid piling on the pounds. And they're tips people can start before and during the menopausal cycle. She said: "Most women notice weight gain during the menopause transition because menopause can affect the hormones that regulate fat storage, among other things. "As hormone levels change, we produce less estrogen, and these changes promote weight gain around the stomach. "But you can ward off excessive weight by being proactive before and during menopause, whether you enter it naturally or surgically." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Baturn advised to "reduce the fat and sugar" a person is consuming to avoid unnecessary weight gain. "Stay away from processed foods," she added. "You want to re-learn and listen to your body’s true hunger signals, and make sure that you’re not eating out of habit or due to emotions." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She explained that both positive and negative emotions can trigger false hunger signals and warned women to be vigilant. This can help push past weight loss plateaus. However, diet is still key even if exercising. But Dr Baturn warned: "Keep in mind that you can’t exercise past a bad diet. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "Even competitive athletes, marathon runners, gain weight if they don’t watch their diet. "Keeping your eating healthy is the highest priority when the goal is weight loss." In addition to cardiovascular exercises to burn fat, strength training with weights is also recommended. Yoga or Pilates are also two popular activities women can do because not only do they boost metabolism but they also keep the musculoskeletal frame strong as bone density decreases during menopause. "If you exercise regularly and choose a diet that significantly limits processed foods and controls portion sizes, your odds for minimising weight gain at menopause are excellent," she added. "Continue to seeing doctor regularly to discuss any preventive measures you may need."