Phillip Schofield has been having an ongoing battle with “eye floaters”, and first spoke out about the condition in October, when he discussed it with fellow This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby, and eye doctor, Dr Sara. Today, he shared two posts on Instagram after having surgery performed to “suck the jelly out” of his eye. With a beaming selfie, the TV star commented: “Finally got the incredibly frustrating 'floaters' sucked out of my left eyeball.” He later shared a shirtless photo in the mirror while still wearing his ECG stickers, as he showcased his impressive abs. Last month on This Morning, Phillip shared: "My retinas are not detaching. “But I have debilitating eye floaters." READ MORE: Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident He added: "I am at the cutting edge of all this, let me tell you because the only way to treat them is a vitrectomy, where they suck the jelly out of your eye. "Within 12 months you get a cataract, so they are trying to pioneer a half vitrectomy which started in America – see I know a lot about this! "You have half the vitrectomy, take the floaters out, but you don’t get a cataract. And I am hoping I might be the first person in the country to get this!" Holly Willoughby replied: "Would you want to be the first?" to which Phillip said: "Yes I would, because they drive me insane! My vision is like a filthy bathroom window drifting across my eyes, and it drives me crazy."  In fact, speaking on The Chris Evans Breakfast Show, Phillip said that when he sat his mother down to tell her he was gay, she actually thought he was going to tell her he was going blind. "I said, 'I'm gay'," Phillip explained. "And she went, 'Oh thank god', and I looked at her and she said, 'I thought you were going blind', and I said, 'What the hell do you mean?' "She said: 'Those things you've got in your eyes and I know you've been very sad recently'." DONT MISS:Louise Redknapp stuns fans with 'gorgeous' looks in bikinis (PHOTOS)Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee (NEWS)Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display (LATEST) Thankfully, Phillip certainly isn't going blind, as Dr Sara explained that his condition would only be an "emergency" if his retinas had fully detached. "Floaters occur when you get small dots across your eyesight," she said. "They are not usually anything to worry about, and it occurs as we get older because the jelly-like substance in our eye becomes a bit more liquified as we get older, and that can cause clumps. “It can also cause the retina to detach slightly from the edges, and that's what causes those shadows. "But for most people, nothing to worry about, your brain actually adjusts to them and you stop seeing them." Previously, Phillip had enjoyed a "lovely day" on Instagram while canoeing along a river with his personal trainer, though he admitted to fans that the duo ended up getting a little bit lost along the way. The presenter, 60, posted a series of videos on his story in which he showed his followers that he had been spending some time in the great outdoors yesterday. Phil revealed it was part of a three-hour workout with his personal trainer - who featured in the footage.