An amber weather warning for extreme heat has been issued across a large part of the UK ahead of further soaring temperatures this week. The rare warning was first issued last July. It states that there could be a danger to life or potentially serious illness as a result of the scorching temperatures. Other issues could include road closures and delays or cancellations to rail and air travel. Speaking to BBC News, Mr Deakin said: "By the time we get to the weekend particularly Sunday and into Monday, we're concerned it could cause health issues and not just for the vulnerable or elderly. "By the time we get to the weekend, all members of the public could see some problems with health if we see these temperatures in the mid to high 30s. "If you're doing any kind of exercise, make sure you're really limiting that and planning your day around these temperatures peaking around the middle of the day. "If you're going to do aby kind of exercise, make sure you're doing it early in the morning or late in the evening when temperatures could be a little bit lower. READ MORE: 5 ways to keep your dog safe from heatstroke during hot weather "Do try and avoid those peak temperatures and drink plenty of fluid. "Try and keep your house cool as well and one of the best ways of doing that is to keep the curtains closed through the day. "Make sure you're not opening the windows during the day because often it's hotter outside than it is inside. "All you're doing there is letting heat in." The Met Office, which issued the warning, said it is in place from 12.01am on Sunday to 11.59pm, when temperatures are predicted to soar into the 30s. The forecaster added that it could be extended to Monday next week. It is being enforced across the East Midlands, east of England, London, South East, North East, North West, South West, Wales, West Midlands and Yorkshire and Humber. A statement from the Met Office said: "Population-wide adverse health effects are likely to be experienced, not limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat, leading to potential serious illness or danger to life. DON'T MISS Heatstroke symptoms: 6 danger signs you've had too much sun [INSIGHT]UK hot weather mapped: Where's the hottest place in the UK right now? [MAP]Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK [ANALYSIS] "Government advice is that 999 services should be used in emergencies only; seek advice from 111 if you need non-emergency health advice. "Substantial changes in working practices and daily routines (are) likely to be required. "Significantly more people are likely to visit coastal areas, lakes and rivers, leading to increased risk of water safety incidents. "Delays on roads and road closures are possible, along with delays and cancellations to rail and air travel, with potential for significant welfare issues for those who experience even moderate delays."