 Ten MPs have put themselves forward to replace Mr Johnson as Conservative Party leader and British Prime Minister. Express.co.uk readers have weighed in on who they want to lead the country in a poll that ran from 9am on Monday, July 11 to 3pm on Tuesday, July 12, asking: “Who should be the next Prime Minister?”  Overall, 6,172 people responded with Ms Mordaunt coming out on top with 30 percent (1,871 people) of the votes cast. READ MORE: Priti Patel shocks Tory MPs as she confirms she WON'T stand to be PM after huge row A close second was Foreign Secretary Liz Truss with 28 percent (1,756 people). Attorney General Suella Braverman completed the top three, winning 16 percent (973 people) of readers’ backing. A further seven percent (408 people) supported Mr Tugendhat as the next Prime Minister. Both Kemi Badenoch and Rishi Sunak received five percent of the vote while former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt received four percent. In addition, Sajid Javid and newly appointed Nadhim Zahawi each received two percent of the vote. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps – who has now withdrawn from the race – won the backing of just one percent of readers while Rehman Chishti received less, with just 16 votes.  Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the candidates in a lively discussion. Username Leaver said: “Penny Mordaunt is sound on Brexit, an excellent Parliamentarian and has what it takes to beat Labour in the next election. She is far and away the best candidate. PM for PM.” Likewise, username warthog 111 said: “For me, I would go with Penny Mordaunt.” Others supported Ms Truss with username london town. Writing: “Only one I will vote for is Liz Truss.” And username Guest said: “Truss is the only one…has shown her loyalty to Boris.”  Meanwhile, username Chippieiow said: “They all think they can do the job but none of them would have done as well as Boris over the last three years.” However, some readers were not backing any candidates with username EbbwFach writing: “There's no one in this list who should or could be Prime Minister. Conservatives have really shot themselves in the foot here.” And username ScotsLass said: “None of the ones that resigned their jobs. You don't get a promotion when you resign.” DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak 'due a Shakespearean fall' in career – 'harsh lessons to be learned' [INSIGHT]Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' [VIDEO]'Most likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on exactly who he is backing [LATEST]  Hopeful candidates have until 6pm to gain the support of at least 20 MPs in order to make it on to the first-round ballot on Wednesday, July 13. To progress to the second round of voting, candidates need 30 supporters and two finalists will be chosen by Tory MPs by the end of the next week in successive rounds of voting. A postal ballot of around 160,000 Conservative Party members will take place over the summer to determine Mr Johnson’s successor. Chair of the 1922 Committee of backbench MPs, Sir Graham Brady said a new Prime Minister would take office on September 5.