Summer is the busiest season for gardening with hundreds of flowers coming into bloom and a wide variety of crops ready to harvest. While some plants will reach their peak in early July, there are still plenty of things to sow, plant, and pick by the end of the month. With the peak of the heatwave having come and gone, there’s no better time to get stuck into the garden again. These are the four most important tasks to get done this weekend. There are lots of vegetables that can be sown at the start of summer, and the same goes for the middle of the season too. At this point in July, the soil is just right to sow land cress, Chinese cabbage, and spinach directly outdoors. These can all be started in the middle of the month, so get them sown as soon as possible if you haven’t already. According to no-dig gardening expert, Charles Dowding, Florence fennel, chervil, and coriander are also good choices if you’re looking to fill some space in your garden this weekend. From the end of July to mid-August, mustards, pak choi and salad rocket, and carrots can all be sown directly outdoors. These varieties will do best in fertile, well-drained soil with a good balance of both sun and shade. At month’s end in cool areas, spinach, mustards, pak choi, salad rocket, and turnips. READ MORE: 'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower  The red stems remain edible and tasty right through summer, but it is best to stop harvesting by the end of July at the latest. This helps the crop to produce a high yield the following summer and will guarantee your rhubarb supply for years to come. If you haven’t already, use this weekend to take your final pickings. To harvest, hold the stalk at the base and ease it out of the ground - try to avoid snapping it off. You should aim to leave around six stems on the plant to keep it strong for future growth. Compost is essential as we head into a new month of sowing and planting, so take this time to boost your existing heap or start from scratch. According to Claire Hattersley, Weleda’s biodynamic gardening expert, there are four main elements which should always be considered when making compost. Grass cuttings, hedge clippings, weeds, eggshells and other organic matter are beneficial for garden compost, so be sure to save these products from food waste. Claire said: “The wider variety of plant material and different textures that you add to your heap the better.” A common mistake when making compost is forgetting to water your heap, so make sure you give it a good watering this weekend now the heat has cooled off. DON'T MISS:‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [INSIGHT]Tomato plants: Add pet hair to homemade fertiliser [ANALYSIS]'Keep them flowering all summer': How to prune roses [REVEAL] The microbial life in your heap needs water and oxygen to live, and there are plenty of ingredients which can improve the airflow. According to Claire, these include “woody” and “twiggy” materials like hedge clippings or wood chips, which can be mixed into to wetter, softer ingredients like veg peelings and grass. To fully activate the microbial life in your compost heap make sure you site it in sunshine rather than keeping it behind the shed, or under a hedge. The key to making a beneficial compost heap is to maintain even proportions of green and brown materials. Green materials are soft, high in nitrogen though not necessarily green in colour, while brown materials are drier, more fibrous and with a higher carbon content. According to Which, most compost ingredients are green in the summer, which results in heaps with a lack of structure and air, and an even greater need to be balanced out. Gardens across the UK will be looking drier than usual following the extreme temperatures recorded earlier this week, so it is crucial to take the time to “top up” your outdoor space. Watering lawns and flower beds is one thing, but it is also important to remember to refill water features and ponds too. Rainwater from a water butt is best as chemicals in tap water can affect the nutrient balance in ponds.