The latest season of Yellowstone wrapped up with a devastating loose end for John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) controversial new love interest, Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo). After being slapped with a 15-year jail sentence, Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly has confirmed the protester’s suffering is only just beginning ahead of the Paramount Network drama’s next season. Series regular Kelly has hinted a terrible fate could befall Summer in the highly anticipated next season of Yellowstone. If her latest tease for season five is taken at face value, however, Beth herself could finally face some major repercussions for her illicit methods of protecting the ranch. Taylor Sheridan’s hit Western drama concluded with a jaw-dropping development as John’s new girlfriend was arrested and sentenced to 15 years behind bars for an illegal protest. John was furious to discover it was Beth who masterminded the protest and tipped off the police, and her actions have drawn another huge rift within the family. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host However, Kelly recently insisted: “Beth wants her father to be happy. “She just has no respect for this particular woman. She sees Summer as an enemy, someone who has absolutely no respect for their way of life. “[The protesters] just come in with this very basic understanding, thinking that [ranchers] all just rednecks.” Summer immediately ruffles Beth’s feathers when she starts becoming a regular visitor to the ranch. While she still partly blames herself for her mother’s death, the last thing Beth wants is her father dating a considerably younger stranger, particularly an activist who wants to tear down their way of life. “Beth isn’t going to walk her through it,” Kelly told TVLine. “She’s just going to quietly destroy her. And it’s so easy for Beth to do that. “We know it’s so easy for her to do that! That capacity for violence and cruelty that Beth has in her is quite terrifying, actually.” DON'T MISS:P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY]BBC Radio 2 fury as Steve Wright announces exit [REACTION]  Beth is by far one of the most ruthless members of the Dutton dynasty and has proven time and time again she’ll stop at nothing to protect the sanctity of the Yellowstone ranch. The latest season even ended with Beth blackmailing her own adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) to keep him under her thumb after he killed his biological father, Garrett Randall (Will Patton). With more enemies closing in, Beth could do the unthinkable to ensure Summer’s activist friends stay clear of the coming war. However, Beth’s retribution could finally come if she lets her personal feelings get the better of her, and she could find herself facing her own prison cell. Hinting at Yellowstone’s next instalment, Kelly revealed showrunner Taylor is keen to keep letting Summer push Beth’s buttons with her conflicting views. “I think Taylor has a lot of fun with that,” she explained. “I’m not vegan, but I’m vegetarian and very much about animal welfare. I care about the same things Summer cares about. “Of course, Taylor does, too. But he puts Beth in the position of being the antithesis of all of that. And she does it just to get a reaction, to provoke.” If Summer starts to provoke Beth too far, she could discover just how dangerous it is to put yourself in the crosshairs of the Duttons’ fierce financier. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK.