Arsenal have signed Gabriel Jesus, with the Brazil international on his way from Manchester City in a £45million deal. It’s certainly an exciting signing for the Gunners, who have been crying out for a deadly marksman ever since the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January. And, in Martin Odegaard, Edu has already snapped up the perfect partner for the Samba star. Arsenal went into the summer transfer window knowing they needed a new forward. Aubameyang had been offloaded to Barcelona in January after falling out with Mikel Arteta, while it was known for months that Alexandre Lacazette would be leaving on a free transfer. And Arsenal have now pounced to make Jesus their new No 9, with the Brazil international ready to take the Emirates Stadium by storm. In recent years, the Gunners have been assembling a young squad with talent in abundance as they plan for the future. On the flanks, Jesus will have the likes of Gabriel Martinelli, Bukayo Saka and Nicolas Pepe to supply the ammunition for him. And, just behind him in attack, will be Odegaard. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He, out of all the players in north London, is arguably the one who can strike up the best relationship with Jesus on the field. When Arsenal signed the Norway international from Real Madrid last summer, some raised eyebrows. Though his loan spell the previous season had been a success, the playmaker still had plenty to prove given how he’d failed to fulfil his potential at the Bernabeu. But Odegaard showed last season that, under the right manager and in the right system, he can be one of the best playmakers in the Premier League. He scored an impressive seven league goals, with goalscoring not something he was exactly known for during his time in La Liga. And four assists was a modest return, too. With Jesus on board, however, it’s now feasible those numbers will rise. With a proper marksman ahead of him, Odegaard will now have somebody looking to run in behind defences at all times. Jesus has the speed to breach backlines in the top flight, something he’s done on a regular basis during his time at City. And Odegaard, as a shred passer and neat operator in the No 10 role, can take the 25-year-old’s game to new heights. Arsenal will be hoping Jesus can succeed with the No 9 on his back, with his predecessors failing to live up to expectations in recent years. Lacazette arrived as a deadly striker from Lyon but never fulfilled his potential, even if he had his moments. Before then, Lucas Perez, Lukas Podolski and Chu-yung Park all struggled for consistency during the years where Arsene Wenger ruled the roost. And Eduardo would undoubtedly have been a substantial asset for Arsenal if a horrendous injury hadn’t hampered his career. Meanwhile, Arsenal legend Ray Parlour is delighted at the news Jesus will be moving to north London this summer. “It’s a brilliant signing,” he told talkSPORT. “Centre-forward was the area that they needed to strengthen. “We knew that [Alexandre] Lacazette’s contract was up and he was moving on and so Gabriel Jesus, to get him through the door is incredible. “You see the pictures in the papers of Edu hugging him, he’ll be delighted to get a player of his calibre and what he’s done so far in his career. “He’ll obviously know Mikel Arteta as well. “I’m really looking forward to seeing how he settles into the Arsenal side. “He will get chances because that’s one thing that Arsenal do well, they create chances with [Martin] Odegaard, [Emile] Smith Rowe, [Gabriel] Martinelli and [Bukayko] Saka from the right, so he will get opportunities. “And if he hits the ground running, I think he’ll help Arsenal get closer to that top four.”