Death in Paradise has been airing on BBC One since October 2011 and Ralf Little is set to return to the fictional island of Saint Marie as DI Neville Parker for season 12. The 42-year-old actor has portrayed the character since 2020 but some fans believe it might be time to "flip the script" and cast a female DI.  Ben Miller joined Death in Paradise for its first series as DI Richard Poole but his character was killed off in 2014. Love Actually star Kris Marshall played DI Humphrey Goodman on DIP from 2014 until 2017. Irish comedian Ardal O'Hanlon became DI Jack Mooney in 2017 and remained part of the show until 2020. Ralf took the reins following Ardal's exit as the hypochondriac DI who has been caught up in an on-off love affair with DS Florence Cassell.  READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan The series has a huge following and many have been calling for a female actress to be cast as the next DI and a male to be cast as her sidekick. Reddit user Ambaryerno commented: "Since the show's inception, the basic makeup of the cast has been fairly consistent. "We've always had a male, white, and British DI. His DS has always been a local woman who speaks with a French accent. "I'm wondering if it might be time to flip that script when Neville inevitably departs, and have a woman DI.  "I do think the DI should still be British because that 'fish out of water' aspect is so central to the premise of the show, but it might be interesting to switch things up with the genders; a female DI with a male DS." @Spider-Padre agreed: "I think this is a good idea, partly because the DI of Honore can be male or female, and it can work either way. But I think they need to keep up the Brit-fish-out-of-water element." "Neville has turned out to be a good character, but I think he's getting too comfortable with Saint Marie culture. "Maybe that's unavoidable since he was unhappy back in England and so his time in Saint Marie has been encouraging rather than a friction." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little's 'painful' discovery on great-grandad [UPDATE]Death in Paradise star baffles fans over Neville Parker detail [REACTION]Death in Paradise’s Ralf Little lands new project away from BBC series [EXPLAINER]  Some fans of the show have expressed they would like to see Doctor Who actress Jodie Whittaker jet over to Saint Marie to fill Neville's shoes. Other stars whose names have been thrown into the mix include Miranda Hart, Claire Goose, Thandiwe Newton and Katy Brand. Who do you think should replace Ralf Little on Death in Paradise? Neville actor Ralf recently opened up on how fans have warmed to his character who is allergic to almost everything in the Caribbean. He said: "There was a gorgeous article from a journalist, who wrote an article basically saying how, 'Neville Parker in Death in Paradise is a really important character for someone like me'.   "Someone they said, [who] struggles with going out and being gregarious, has a little bit of social anxiety, is allergic to certain things." "It felt like a real vindication for choices that we’d made, for a very serious journalist to say, ‘this character spoke to me in a way that so many characters on TV don’t’. It felt like a real win. "We did something very important with Neville that was very realistic and relatable." Death in Paradise episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 