Manchester United have reportedly met Lisandro Martinez’s asking price as they look to sign the Ajax star this summer. The Argentina international has also been on Arsenal’s radar amid uncertainty over his future in Amsterdam. However, at the current moment in time, it’s a move to Old Trafford that appears to be on the cards. Few had heard of Martinez when he left Defensa y Justicia for Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019, shortly after Matthijs de Ligt’s move to Juventus. But the Argentina international has become a popular figure in Amsterdam in the time since, shining under Erik ten Hag and winning two Eredivisie titles in the process. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is a big admirer of the 24-year-old and wants Martinez to provide competition for the likes of Ben White and Gabriel next term. Yet, now, De Telegraaf have claimed United have now put a package together worth the £43million Ajax have been looking for. All signs now point to Ten Hag being reunited with the star at Old Trafford as he looks to build a dynasty at his new club. And United have three perfect shirt numbers they can offer Martinez at a time where they’re getting increasingly closer to secure the player’s signature. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The first is the No 21. Martinez has worn that jersey over the past three years, ever since his arrival back in 2019. It was previously worn by Edinson Cavani at United, with the Uruguay international taking it on last summer after agreeing to give the No 7 to Cristiano Ronaldo. Cavani scored just two goals with that number on his back, however. And he was allowed to leave United on a free transfer this summer, with the South American determined to move to a country where the weather is significantly better. A second option United can give the player is the No 24 kit he wore during his final season at Defensa y Justicia. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Not since Tim Fosu-Mensah has that jersey been occupied at United, with the Dutchman leaving for Bayer Leverkusen two years ago. It’s also been worn by United legends such as Darren Fletcher, Wes Brown, David Beckham and Paul Scholes in previous years. So that’s another number Martinez can consider as he moves increasingly closer to Old Trafford. A third option for the 24-year-old is the No 6 shirt he wore during his second season playing in his homeland. It’s a jersey Martinez has also sported for the Argentina national team, though No 16 has been his preferred option in recent years. The No 6 at United was last worn by Paul Pogba. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, like Cavani, the France international has decided to leave United behind on a free transfer this summer. It seems as though it’s only a matter of time before Martinez moves from Ajax to United, despite Arsenal refusing to give up. And, if he does seal a transfer this summer, he’ll become the eighth Argentine to play for the club. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, Juan Sebastian Veron and Gabriel Heinze blew hot and cold - though Carlos Tevez was a hit prior to his controversial move to Manchester City. Louis van Gaal snapped up the likes of Marcos Rojo, Sergio Romero and Angel Di Maria throughout his reign in the dugout. And United currently have youngster Alejandro Garnacho in their ranks, with the 18-year-old tipped for an extremely bright future at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Martinez, meanwhile, recently spoke out and insisted he’s proud of what he’s achieved throughout his spell in the Netherlands. “I am so proud of what I have achieved at Ajax and under Ten Hag,” he said. “I grew as a player and became an Argentinian international thanks to my development at Ajax. “And I even got to wear the captaincy armband for my country. “That was the day my father cried, it was very emotional. My mum cried too, my uncles, aunties, cousins, everyone. “The World Cup is definitely my goal. We have great players and we must all be ready for it. We won the Copa America together and can do it again.” And Martinez also admitted he’s aiming to base his game on Italian legend Fabio Cannavaro, too. “Cannavaro was comfortable on the ball,” he claimed. “And, despite his lack of height, he challenged for every ball as if it was the last tackle to win the game. “I loved that style. And I am just like him. “I would prefer not to be like Virgil van Dijk. His height is certainly a big plus, but when you don’t have the other qualities, it is worth nothing.”