Fans were left devastated on Monday, July 11, when ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly announced she would not be on the show due to testing positive for coronavirus. Former Countdown star Carol Vorderman stepped in and presented the show whilst Lorraine was recovering at home. Now, the star has confirmed that she will be returning to her seat this coming Monday morning. She took to her Instagram page to update her fans with an image of a negative coronavirus test and captioned: "NEGATIVE!! Finally – a nasty one, but feeling fine now. "See you all on Monday 9am @lorraine @itv HUGE thanks to @carolvorders for holding the fort. "I’ve missed you all. #covid #negative #backtowork #happy #feelingbetter." Fans rushed to with Lorraine better and expressed their excitement about her return on Monday, with @charley.mcewen adding: "Hope u feeling better @lorrainekellysmith." READ MORE: James Martin hits back at viewers as he licks fingers during demo @Donnamiller1 added: "So glad you're feeling better. Looking forward to seeing you Monday, missed you." @anniestirkmodel expressed: "great to hear you're feeling better, Lorraine." @julielynturon celebrated: "Be great to have you back! Glad you’re feeling better." Whilst @goodwin_lorraine quipped: "We’ve missed you, so glad your feeling better." (sic) Lorraine initially broke the news on Monday morning, taking to her Twitter page and writing: "Well, the Covid has finally got me. "I tested positive at the weekend. Thanks to the vaccine, it’s not too bad, and I hope to be back at work very soon. "Huge thanks to @carolvorders, who will be hosting @lorraine until I’m back." Carol Vorderman stepped in to host the show for the week and explained: "Good morning! Sadly Lorraine has caught the dreaded... you know what, and I am sitting in for a few days here, which I am delighted to do. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly issues health update after show absence [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly opens up on 'frustrating’ aspect of hosting ITV show [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman savages Alan Sugar over women's football remarks [WATCH] "We are wishing her a speedy recovery!" Whilst many were delighted to see Carol take Lorraine's place to keep the ship sailing, some were distracted by an "annoying" habit they picked up. She kicked off her first show by talking to Dr Amir Khan about ways to keep safe in the sun as a heatwave began to come over the country. He gave some handy tips to viewers, which involved taking a hot shower, drinking hot drinks and keeping an ice tray next to the fan to regulate the room. During the interview, Dr Amir was interrupted by a phone call from his mother, which interrupted the stream from his office. He scrambled: "Oh my god, Carol, my mum always does this, I am so sorry! My mum always rings me when she sees me on the telly. "Always, mum, stop ringing me! Off you go, mumma Khan!" Carol found this extremely funny and began to laugh at the situation, but fans accused her of faking the laugh. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.