Emma Raducanu was defeated by French player Caroline Garcia, who is ranked 55th in the world, in the second round of Wimbledon on Wednesday. After the match, the British number one said she “didn't have many expectations of myself,” and added she didn't feel any pressure as she "literally won a slam" at the age of 18. Last year saw Raducanu become an overnight sensation and a British icon with her run at Wimbledon and victory at Flushing Meadows.  She came into this year's tournament as one of the biggest stars with plenty of support from the thousands watching inside Centre Court. The 19-year-old also became a firm favourite of the Royal Family, with the Queen leading tributes to the tennis star after her success last year. And it appears that the feelings are reciprocated, with the young sportswoman being particularly fond of one specific royal. In December last year, Raducanu opened up on her admiration of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, describing her as a “great inspiration”. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after heartwarming request refused by Wimbledon bosses  She told PEOPLE: "I think the Duchess is such a great inspiration, just with how she handles everything and how she does so much good work for charities. "She's a real inspiration to the whole country." Months earlier, Raducanu and Kate paired up for a quick doubles game during an event for the Lawn Tennis Association, of which the Duchess is Royal Patron. The tennis star said: “It was a pretty surreal experience to be playing tennis with the Duchess," adding that Kate played "very well". She continued: “It was kind of crazy, but she was really down-to-earth and normal. "So I found it a really cool experience." Kate appears to hold admiration for the teenage tennis star, having applauded Raducanu’s achievements last year. After the teen's semifinal win in September, Kate sent a "best of luck" message to the young player ahead of the US Open finals. The Duchess tweeted: “What an incredible achievement at this year's #USOpen @EmmaRaducanu! “We will all be rooting for you tomorrow. Wishing you the best of luck! C” DON'T MISS: Best pictures of Kate Middleton at Wimbledon as iconic tournament returns [PICTURES]Zara and Mike Tindall cause fan frenzy after couple share rare royal PDA at Wimbledon [LATEST]Queen sends fans wild in resurfaced clip as monarch says 'dinner' will trump England match [INSIGHT] Earlier this year, the Cambridges account posted: “@EmmaRaducanu made tennis history last year when she won the US Open - her strength, will-power and determination is a true inspiration to young sportspeople right around the world.” Kate is a regular attendee of the historic competition and is often spotted in the front row of the Royal Box. Having been handed down the royal patronage from the Queen in 2016, Kate frequently watches the matches and hands out the winners’ trophies. Both she and William are known to be big tennis fans and Kate has been an avid player since childhood. The Duchess even revealed she had been inspired by Wimbledon while she was growing up. She told Sue Barker during a 2017 documentary: “It’s such a quintessential part of the English summer, and I think it really inspires youngsters, myself, it inspired me, when I was younger to get involved in the game.” Kate also praised its timelessness, saying: “It hasn’t changed either, I think that’s what’s so wonderful. So far, Kate has not made an appearance in the stands at Wimbledon. Instead, the Royal Box has seated Zara and Mike Tindall, the Middletons, Princess Michael of Kent and the Duchess of Gloucester. It has also welcomed celebrities such as Dame Darcey Bussell, Rose Ayling-Ellis and Dame Mary Berry. As patron of the All England Club, the Duchess is expected to attend the tournament at some point during the fortnight. However, as typical royal protocol dictates, her attendance will not be confirmed until the day before or day of.