Viewing and buying a property can be a stressful time, and prospective buyers are unlikely to make an offer if they see lots of things wrong with the home. In a survey commissioned by conservatory installation experts ConservatoryLand, it was unveiled that a fifth of Britons don’t feel confident they will be able to see past certain turn-offs when viewing potential properties. Almost half of those surveyed (47 percent) said weird smells are the biggest turn-off. Cracked floors and visible stains were also turn-offs for homebuyers. Twenty four percent said they would not be able to see past lots of pet hair everywhere, while 24 percent also said a cluttered home was a turn-off. ConservatoryLand spoke with HomeHow’s property and construction expert Natalie Mitchell to understand what sellers could do to ensure their homes were clean and tidy when opening it up to viewers. READ MORE: How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes The expert said: “Boil a solution of white vinegar and water for around 15 minutes to help neutralise odours. Place some small bowls of vinegar around the home to help deodorise each room while you sleep. “Ensure your fridge is clean, as this can be one of the main sources of smells. Use an opened box of non-toxic baking soda and leave this in the fridge to help soak up any bad odours. “Use plug-in air fresheners to help promote positive smells around the home. Spray fabrics, rugs, and carpets with a fabric freshener to ensure musty smells are covered up.” To fix hairline cracks, Natalie recommended painting over them. DON'T MISS:Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid [COMMENT]How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [EXPERT]Best time to water plants - ‘remember the basics’ [INSIGHT] For larger cracks, the expert said Britons could make use of rugs or move furniture around. She added: “If you have small chips or cracks in the floor, nail varnish can help. Use a small amount of nail varnish In the same colour as the tile and paint into the crack or chip. “If you have larger chips or cracks, apply some ceramic filler. Simply mix the solution until you have a matching colour to your tiles, and then work it into the crack or hole and leave it to set. “To cover stained surfaces, clean it with soapy water to remove any dirt, dust or cobwebs.” READ MORE: I tried the teabag hack to clean my windows - results When it comes to pet hair, the expert recommended using a long-handled squeegee on the carpet. This can help loosen any stubborn hair. Alternatively, pet owners can also use thick tape. Natalie said: “The glue on the tape will ensure that even the smallest of hairs will get stuck to the tape. “Make use of lint rollers on your upholstery items to clean up any stuck pet hairs on things like the sofa, cushions, and blankets. “Keep on top of vacuuming at least a couple of times each week to ensure the pet hair doesn't have a chance to accumulate.” As well as providing a distraction for buyers, clutter could also give the impression that there is a lack of storage. To help hide personal clutter, the expert recommended closing off a cluttered space with a curtain. Clutter could also be placed in pieces of furniture as well as storing items in the garage or loft. Natalie said: “Also look for pieces of furniture that double up as storage, such as a storage bed.”