England hero Chloe Kelly abandoned her interview with the BBC in order to celebrate with her team-mates after the Euro 2022 final win over Germany. Kelly scored the winner for Sarina Wiegman's side at Wembley and was keen to take it all in with the rest of the players and fans. England thought they were going to win the match in normal time when substitute Ella Toone scored a sublime chip. But Lina Magull equalised for Germany with a little over 10 minutes remaining. The players were understandably tiring in extra-time but Kelly, who came on with the score at 1-0, popped up with the goal in the 111th minute. She poked home from close range before tearing her shirt off and celebrating in style. The BBC briefly got a word out of Kelly when they approached her for an interview after the match. When asked how the victory felt, she said: "Oh my god, look at them [the fans]. It's amazing, honestly.  "Thank you every single person that has come out to support us. This is unreal." However, Sweet Caroline was just hitting the chorus in the background. Kelly started singing before running off to join in with her team-mates and abandoned the interviewer Jo Currie. The BBC cut back to the punditry studio to hear more reaction from an emotional Alex Scott and Ian Wright. But Kelly was back just minutes later to give the viewing public what they wanted to hear. She said: "We go again! Honestly it's amazing, thank you everyone that came out to support us. This is what dreams are made of.  "As a young girl watching women's football, now this. Wow, it's unbelievable." Manchester City forward Kelly only returned from an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury in the spring. And she was thankful for the people who helped her recover but also for everyone involved with the England setup. She added: "Thank you to everyone that played a part in my rehab. I always believed I would be here but to be here and score the winner, well, these girls are special. "The manager is special and what a special group of staff. This is amazing. Honestly this is amazing. I just want to celebrate now." 