Parts of the UK are expected to see temperatures of 33C as a heatwave continues to toast the nation. With limited access to air conditioning, Britons are already struggling to stay cool at home. For those with infants, though, there is the additional concern of making sure their little ones stay safe. The NHS warned: "Babies and young children can become ill during very hot weather. "Their health can be seriously affected by dehydration, heat exhaustion and heatstroke and sunburn." While keeping them covered up and out of the sun during the day plays a crucial role, helping babies regulate their temperature at night can be a challenging task. The NHS advises parents to use a nursery thermometer to monitor the temperature of their baby's room. READ MORE: How to keep cats cool during a heatwave - 6 ways to keep your cat safe The health authority explained: "Your baby will sleep most comfortably when their room is between 16C and 20C." Planning ahead is a key way you can ensure your baby's bedroom is comfortable once bedtime arrives. Parents can keep the room cool by closing all blinds and curtains throughout the day and using a fan to circulate air in the room. Before bedtime, run your baby a cool bath, though make sure the water is not too cold. DON'T MISSHoroscopes: What is in the stars for you this week? Russell Grant [REVEALED]5 foods to eat to stay cool in the heatwave  [INSIGHT]5 ways to keep your dog safe from heatstroke during hot weather [EXPLAINER] Healthline explains a baby's skin is between 20 and 30 percent thinner than an adult's, which means they are more sensitive to temperature. This means that a cool bath for your baby is still warmer than you would run it for yourself. For reference, the safest and most preferred bath temperature for newborn babies is around 37C. According to BabyCentre.co.uk: "If you're not using a thermometer, a quick way to check is to use your elbow rather than your hand to gauge the temperature. The water should feel neither hot nor cold." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Dressing your baby appropriately for bed is also essential in keeping them comfortable at night. If it is really hot, keep nightwear and bedclothes to a minimum. The NHS added: "If your baby kicks or pushes off the covers during the night, consider putting them in just a nappy with a single well-secured sheet that will not work loose and cover their face or get entangled during the night."