Dave Moore has hidden his real identity from most people in his life. However after attending Bristol Pride with is partner, he was inspired to come out as non-binary to his two children this week. Dave, of Bristol, sometimes chooses to dress as a woman and uses the pronouns he/him. He and his partner, Alex, attended the Pride event last weekend with some friends. Upon arriving home to Dave's children, the couple did not intend to discuss Pride with them, but a serendipitous encounter led to Dave exploring his true identity with his young kids, reports Bristol Live. "I wasn't planning to do it," Dave said. "My other half, Alex, asked my eight-year-old daughter if she'd like to see the makeup she'd worn for Pride, as she did rainbow eyes. "[She] was excited to see. Whilst she was looking, there were photos of me dressed as a woman on the phone next to her and I noticed that [she] didn't twig that it was me. She didn't ask anything about it. "I left it for about 20 minutes, and then I came back and asked [her] if she'd like to see what my outfit was like for Pride. She said yes. "I showed her a photo of me dressed up and I could have cried, as she said 'Daddy, you look just like a girl!'. "She was so happy and surprised. I could have cried. "We then explained Pride to her, I told her a little about how I'm non-binary, and I showed her the non-binary flag." That afternoon Dave and family sat down to watch the Grand Prix on TV, and Dave watched as [his daughter] picked up a piece of paper and started drawing. "She drew a Pride-inspired picture of all of us as a family. "We've all got rainbow clothes on. It took her hours to colour it all in, and she was so proud of it. She then came over and gave it to me. "Then that evening, before bed, I normally read my kids a bedtime story. "I asked if they wanted a story or if they wanted to see pictures of me - and both my daughter and son wanted to see photos of me. "So I showed them photos of myself over the years, in various outfits. It was just awesome. "[My daughter] wants to show mummy the picture she drew, and my kids want to come to Pride next year." There are conversations at the moment surrounding whether parents "should" bring their children to Pride events. Dave cannot believe it is even a question worth debating. "There's this nonsense at the moment of 'Oh God, I can't believe people are taking kids to Pride'. "Everybody should take their children to pride! It's the happiest thing I've ever seen. "The only time I've ever been anywhere close to feeling like that was at Glastonbury Festival, or when there's a big sporting game - that feeling of an entire nation coming together as one. "Those moments are very, very rare. "Go and experience it, take your family along. And if you come out of that with a closed mind, then there's something wrong."