Kalidou Koulibaly is now 'very close' to signing for Chelsea in a surprise £34million transfer deal, according to reports. The Senegal international is widely recognised as one of the best central defenders in world football and now he could finally be heading to the Premier League with the Blues, who are keen to replace Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen following their departures from Stamford Bridge at the end of June.  Talks have been rumbling on with Manchester City for Nathan Ake but no agreement has been struck to date, denying the Dutchman an emotional return to west London. He remains a player of interest to Thomas Tuchel and with Manchester City ready to sell, there is confidence a deal can be struck this summer. Meanwhile, talks with Juventus over a move for Matthijs de Ligt have stalled with the Dutchman now the subject of concrete transfer negotiations with Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich. However, it's not all doom and gloom for Chelsea as they now close in on the signing of Koulibaly, according to journalist Fabrice Hawkins. READ MORE: Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong 'picks between' Man Utd and Chelsea transfers He tweeted: "Kalidou Koulibaly is very close to signing for Chelsea! The Senegalese international should commit for 3 years. Cost of the operation 40 million euros!" Koulibaly has been mooted as a transfer target for Chelsea in the past few weeks due to his dwindling contract with Napoli. The 31-year-old has less than 12 months remaining on his current deal in Italy, meaning Napoli are likely to consider any offers that arrive for the colossal defender this summer. In the past, Manchester United have shown an interest in signing Koulibaly but now Chelsea look ready to bring him to England in a £34m deal. DON'T MISSChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtChelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transferChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours'  Juventus and Barcelona have also held discussions with the player's representatives but the Blues have now stolen a march on their fellow transfer rivals. Koulibaly currently has a new contract offer on the table from Napoli worth around £5m per season - a proposal he is yet to respond to. Instead, he looks London-bound after also rebuffing the idea of a move to Juventus due to his strong affiliation to Napoli. There are a number of other defenders looking to force their way into reckoning at Chelsea this summer, too - including youngster Levi Colwill. The Blues academy graduate enjoyed an exceptional loan spell with Huddersfield in the Championship last season and has not been short of interest. Brighton, Southampton, Leicester, Bournemouth and Everton are among the clubs to have displayed interest in signing him on loan next season. Chelsea boss Tuchel wants to assess the player in pre-season before making any decisions over his future next season. Trevoh Chalobah could also step up into a more senior role, while Malang Sarr is also keen to make an impression while on tour in the United States.