Amid the debate about the Royal Family's spending, it has been reported that Prince Charles pays for the Duchess of Cornwall and Duchess of Cambridge's clothes through "the Duchy of Cornwall". Speaking to the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal commentator Richard Palmer discussed Charles' spending. Speaking to Royal Round-Up's host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "When it comes to Camilla and Kate, Charles pays for a lot of their clothing allowance from the Duchy of Cornwall. "First of all, there's an argument that that's public money anyway." This is because it is "controlled by Government" and "subject to Parliamentary control". He added: "He [Charles] actually offsets the cost of providing that against tax." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry facing major UK court battle TODAY as he sues Home Office Mr Palmer notes that that is why the "taxpayer is paying for it, one way or another". Ms Forsyth added: "Yes, it all, sort of, comes about somehow". The Royal Family have recently come under fire due to concerns over their spending, in particular during the current tough financial period. Royal accounts showed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's flights for their Caribbean tour, which they embarked on earlier this year, cost the taxpayer more than £226,000. The tour was considered highly controversial at the time, with calls for the royals to apologise and face slavery reparations. READ MORE: Harry wants Archie and Lilibet to 'know his home' as Duke prepares for security showdown Also, earlier this month, thousands of people celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee over a four-day bank holiday weekend. Rishi Sunak, who recently resigned from his position of Chancellor, set aside £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” in the 2021 budget. This money helped fund the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday June 2, as well as the Saturday evening’s Platinum Party and worked out to have cost an estimated £1 to each UK household. DON'T MISS The royal train, which has been reported as the Royal Family's "favourite way to travel", has been in service since 1842. Every time the Queen uses the royal train, "it tends to be, sort of, a minimum of £25,000", claimed Mr Palmer. READ NEXT: