Personal finance expert at vouchers.co.uk, Andrea Knowles, explained that people should always avoid ordering the second-cheapest wine as it "is usually hiked in price for a simple psychological reason". The personal finance expert explained: "It’s a well-known fact that many people tend to order the second cheapest wine so that they don’t seem ‘stingy’. "However, as this is such a common occurrence, many restaurants actually hike the price up. "Next time you go to a restaurant, look at the difference in price between the cheapest and second-cheapest wine." The expert explained "most people don't know" the second cheapest bottle is the one with the highest markup, which is the standard profit margin the restaurant makes. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage  Restaurant owners are aware that most people order the second-cheapest bottle, they take advantage and mark up the second cheapest bottle of wine the most. She recommended always opting for the cheapest wine as it is normally "a better wine". Wine site Viepair explained: "As you peruse the wine list trying to figure out what to do, a little voice in your head echoes something you’ve heard repeated time and time again. "'Get the second-cheapest bottle!' DON'T MISS "Don’t listen to that voice. "The second-cheapest bottle theory is a lie at the majority of restaurants. "It’s easy to understand why most people order the second-cheapest bottle from the wine list. "No one wants to look cheap by ordering the first-cheapest wine. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "But the second-cheapest can have even more pitfalls." The experts added that "no one else at the table is fooled by someone who orders the second cheapest" because unless the person ordering knows something about the wine "the order still looks cheap". By ordering the cheapest bottle on the menu not only people will be saving hundreds but will also be drinking much better quality wine. Andrea explained another trick restaurants use to make people buy more is playing certain music to make you eat quicker at lunch, or slower if you're fine dining. The money expert said: "Many restaurants play fast tempo music at lunchtime to influence diners to eat quicker, as this helps with the turnover of their tables. "Alternatively, more expensive restaurants tend to stick to classical music which makes diners feel fancy and, therefore, spend more money as it feels like a real treat." 