Charlene and Albert wed over two days on July 1 and July 2, 2011. Following in the footsteps of Albert’s parents decades earlier, there was both a religious and civil ceremony at the Prince’s Palace of Monaco. Princess Charlene looked stunning on her wedding day in a shoulder-baring white gown by Giorgio Armani. Charlene then changed into a sleeveless dress with a sheer neckline and tiered skirt, which she was seen wearing when she cut her towering redcurrant and vanilla cake. This cake was made of 50 kilos of berries and 2,000 edible blossoms. But what was Charlene’s engagement ring like? READ MORE: Meghan 'takes the lead' with Harry - 'still suffering awkwardness' Albert engaged to Charlene a year prior to the wedding, offering her a beautiful, unique ring. However, fans are not often treated to the sight of the ring as Charlene wears it only for some special occasions. The ring features a huge three-carat, pear-cut diamond flanked by smaller diamonds. Experts at jewellers Rogers & Holland told Express.co.uk that the unique pear-shaped stone is “very stylish and bold”.  They went on to explain that it has “a resemblance to an elegant teardrop with one pointed end and one rounded end”. They continued: “Combining tradition and brilliance, pear shape diamond engagement rings are perfect for the bride who is drawn to excitement and the unexpected.” The jewel was crafted by Parisian jeweller Repossi. Experts at Love to Know added that “the elongated pear shape shows a woman to be an individual, yet she still has a soft side for traditional romance”. Charlene donned the ring a few times after her engagement announcement, but since, she has rarely worn the jewel. This could be due to the fact it is large and chunky. Instead, the Princess of Monaco opts for other, more subtle rings. For example, on Monaco’s National Day, in 2019, Charlene wore a silver and gold ring on the wedding finger of her left hand, instead of both her engagement ring and her wedding ring. Charlene also owns many valuable necklaces, as well as rings. One of her favourite pieces is a specially designed necklace from Beirut-based jewellers, Tabbah. Known as the Infinite Cascada necklace, designed to mimic the ripples of water, the Princess wore the piece for her wedding celebrations, after the religious ceremony. The jeweller Tabbah said: “Their individual settings ensure a delicate sparkle and warm glow as they catch the light.”