Weeds find ways to grow in the garden, even where they’re not wanted. They can be a common nuisance for gardeners and hard to completely eradicate using natural options. According to an expert, there are various “effective” methods for removing lawn weeds, including using a scarifying machine or a manual weed puller tool. Tristan Sissons, Garden Buying Manager at Homebase, told Express.co.uk: “As the UK gets ready to host friends and family in our gardens and enjoy the summer sunshine, it’s important for our green spaces to look the part too. “Removing weeds isn’t a one size fits all job, so we’ve shared the most effective ways to get your garden ready. “Whether manually removing weeds or using specialist tools, we’re on hand to help.” Many gardeners choose to manually weed as it requires little to no tools. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home It can also help to remove the root, to prevent the weed from growing back. Tristan said: “When manually weeding, try not to dig too deep as you can disturb dormant seeds that could grow into weeds. “We recommend using a scarifying machine which can look a little intimidating if you’ve not used it before. “But as the easiest way to remove moss, why not give it a try this summer. DON'T MISS:Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [EXPERT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [COMMENT]How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting [INSIGHT] “It teases out the moss from your lawn and creates gaps in dense moss for the weedkiller to seep through. “Once the moss turns black, you can rake it out and your lawn is weed-free.” Gardeners can also use a weed puller, which can be purchased from Homebase for around £25. Other brands of weed pullers are available online. READ MORE: Houseplants to help prevent ‘mould and dust mites’ - ‘huge help’ The expert said this tool is easy to use and in “three simple steps”, gardeners can remove weeds for good. Tristan explained: “Step on the weed, pull it and then let go of the unwanted plant by the roots. “It means you can avoid digging and bending to reach tricky weeds. “You can also use selective lawn weed killers or triple action lawn treatments. “This means you can either target a small area of weeds and avoid damaging your grass or use it to cover your whole lawn.” According to the expert, weeds will take a couple of weeds to die. However, they often come in a ready to use spray bottle which makes killing weeds an easy job. Tristan continued: “To help keep weeds at bay, avoid cutting your grass too short. “If the grass is cut too closely, seeds on the surface will be exposed to sunlight and could start to grow. “Instead, try mowing more often but with your mower on a higher setting, so you’re not removing more than a third of the grass blade.”