Flies buzzing around the house can be a real nuisance, especially when householders are preparing food. As well as being unhygienic and unsightly, these pests leave behind faeces wherever they land. Over time, the faeces will build up leaving behind clusters of black dots. These black dots can often be spotted on pale coloured walls, wallpaper, windowsills, near sink drains and near bins. The tiny black and brown spots can be tricky to remove, especially from white surfaces. Luckily, Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean, has shared her go-to for removing fly specks in a new video on her Instagram. She said in the video: “Okay so this is a bit gross but I just wanted to show you quickly. READ MORE: When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers “I’ve just spotted this. These little black marks here. This is fly poo. “This is what they can leave and you will notice it on your white PVC. “If you’ve got a conservatory in particular, you will notice it. “But I just wanted to show you what it was. DON'T MISS'Sacrificial crop' How to stop slugs eating plants [INSIGHT]How to avoid ‘killing’ tomato plants and ‘encourage fruit production’ [UPDATE]‘Worst thing for them’: Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack to oust slugs [ANALYSIS] “I’ve now got an all-purpose cleaner. Just spray it all. Disgusting isn’t it that they actually poo all around your house. “Now I will just go in with one of my pink sponges and get it off. “That makes me feel so much better that it’s actually gone.” Lynsey sprayed an all-purpose cleaning spray liberally on the fly specks. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some examples of multi-purpose cleaning sprays include Flash Multi Purpose Cleaning Spray, Method All Purpose Cleaning Spray, Dettol Surface Cleanser Antibacterial Spray and Ecover Multi-Surface Cleaner. The cleaning expert then used a sweeping motion with a sponge to remove the unpleasant marks. Lynsey is a cleaning expert on ITV’s This Morning. She has more than 272,000 followers on Instagram and has authored several books.  She champions natural cleaning solutions like lemons, bicarbonate of soda, soda crystals and white vinegar. Lynsey recently shared a simple hack for removing stains from clothes on Instagram. She used white vinegar and washing up liquid to remove a four day old stain.