Ms Truss has become the 10th senior Conservative MP to enter the competition to be the next leader of the party. Many leadership hopefuls have set out their plans over the weekend. Competing tax plans and stances on Brexit have emerged as key issues for budding party leaders. Announcing her plan to run in the Daily Telegraph, Ms Truss told the paper she would cut taxes from "day one", should she become prime minister. Ms Truss cut short a trip to the G20 summit of wealthy nations being held in Bali, Indonesia, last week to fly back to the UK following Boris Johnson's resignation as Tory leader. She has served under three Conservative prime ministers since being elected in 2010, including being environment secretary in David Cameron's government from July 2014 to June 2016 and justice secretary under Theresa May from July 2016 to June 2017. Ms Truss said in her leadership bid announcement: "Under my leadership, I would start cutting taxes from day one to take immediate action to help people deal with the cost of living." She added that she would reverse April's National Insurance increase, and would keep corporation tax "competitive". She said this was so that "we can attract business and investment into Britain, and put the Covid debt on a longer-term footing." Like other leadership hopeful Kemi Badenoch, Ms Truss has said she intends to downsize the role of the state. Referring to core Conservative principles of low taxes and low spending, Ms Truss said: "People want to be free to get on, live and thrive. "They do not want the Government trying to run their lives or spend more of their money than is necessary." The foreign secretary added that she had always stood up for those principles. She added: "I come up with the big ideas to advance those principles, and have implemented them across six different departments in government. "Over and over again, I have shown that I deliver. "No matter the scale of the challenge, I have stepped up to get results."  Ms Truss also highlighted her work on the Northern Ireland protocol, a situation which remains unresolved. She said: "In the face of EU obstinacy, I have driven forward legislation to break the impasse in Northern Ireland and take the vital steps necessary to protect the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and solve the serious problems the Protocol is causing." Ms Truss garnered praise for her hard-line stance against the EU, helping to spark bust-ups with the bloc's representatives. But her relationship with the bloc wasn't always so combative, as she once supported the UK's membership. In 2016 she was among several prominent Conservative Remain campaigners who advocated for continued partnership with the bloc. READ MORE: Queen fears over Boris Johnson's 'pages and pages long' honours list [REVEAL]  She made an emotional case for remaining ahead of the vote when she listed several benefits afforded by the country's membership, saying she did not want her "daughters to grow up in a world where they need a visa or permit to work in Europe, or where they are hampered from growing a business because of extortionate call costs and barriers to trade. "Being part of the EU helps protect these precious resources and spaces." Her opinion changed the following year when she said she would not vote the same way again. Ms Truss added in her leadership announcement piece that she intends to make Britain an "aspiration nation". 