The Tottenham hierarchy reportedly consider Harry Kane 'untouchable' amid transfer interest from Bayern Munich. The German giants have huge boots to fill with Robert Lewandowski on his way to Barcelona, and the club's chief, Oliver Kahn, admitted that signing him would be a 'dream for the future'. Something seems to be brewing at Spurs, with Antonio Conte granted a host of new signings before aiming to challenge for silverware this season. Kane is considered to be a fundamental part of the project as he closes in on 250 goals for the club, with 27 of them coming last term. Kane's lack of career silverware has, at times, prompted speculation that he could look for a move elsewhere. Last summer the England captain was heavily linked with Manchester City, and while he is expected to stay in north London and work with Conte for the upcoming campaign, Bayern's Kahn has left the door open for a move next summer. "He is under contract at Tottenham," he said. "Sure, an absolute top striker, but that's all a dream of the future. So let's see what happens." Transfer insider Fabrizio Romano added that the Spurs board consider Kane to be 'untouchable'. JUST IN: Leeds fans fume at 'disgusting' John McGinn tackle that hospitalises 16-year-old  That much is unsurprising given that Tottenham appear to be building for a potential title charge in 2022/23. Unlike in previous years, Kane will be backed up by a proven Premier League goalscorer in Richarlison, and there are rumours suggesting that Memphis Depay could also head to north London. Yves Bissouma, Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Clement Lenglet have been recruited to add squad depth and compete on multiple fronts. However, Bayern's 'dream' may be in a better position next year, with Conte in the final 12 months of his contract and not guaranteed to be sticking around. READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic'  Bayern made a big statement by signing Sadio Mane from Liverpool earlier this summer, but they recently took a hit by waving goodbye to Lewandowski one year before the end of his contract. Barcelona have supposedly reached an agreement in principle for the Polish striker, who has scored at a rate of more than one goal per game for the last three seasons running. There are few strikers on the planet who could match those kind of numbers, and while Kane is not quite as prolific in the Premier League as Lewandowski has been in the Bundesliga, he certainly slots into the elite bracket. Last year, the England hero spoke openly about needing to have an 'honest conversation' with chairman Daniel Levy amid speculation that his time at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium could be up.  "For sure, it's a moment in my career where I have to kind of reflect and see where I'm at and have a good, honest conversation with the chairman," he told Gary Neville on The Overlap. "I think a crossroads is coming in my career. I think it's definitely a conversation to be had with the club. I've said before, I'd never say that I'd stay at Spurs for the rest of my career. I'd never say that I would leave Spurs."