Liverpool hero Jose Enrique has been left with egg on his face after a tweet mocking Manchester United's pursuit of Brentford star Christian Eriksen resurfaced. Various reports have claimed that the Dane is set to move to Old Trafford on a three-year deal in the coming days. Eriksen joined Brentford on a six-month deal back in January after being released by Inter Milan, with Serie A rules stating he wasn't allowed to compete in the division due to his ICD (implantable cardioverter-defibrillator). With his Bees contract up at the start of the month, much was made over where his next destination would be after repeated links to Tottenham, United and Thomas Frank's men throughout June. And having reportedly chosen United as his next move, an old tweet from Liverpool icon Enrique surfaced that will surely make the Spaniard feel red-faced. "Christian Eriksen has rejected Manchester United's offer and prefers to either stay with Brentford or join Tottenham," Enrique tweeted just two weeks ago. "Another player rejects a move to Man United this summer...Ata legooooooooooo". Eriksen excelled in west London, with one goal and four assists in just 11 games proving that he could still shine at the highest level despite his cardiac arrest just eight months prior. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo may ignore Real Madrid romance with Barcelona offer Only Kevin De Bruyne and Martin Odegaard created more Premier League chances for their respective clubs since Eriksen made his debut in late February. And the Danish star detailed just how much he enjoyed his time with the west Londoners. "It's been very special since day one," he revealed. "[Brentford] have taken good care of me. Everyone's been really happy about it and everyone's been really helpful. "Everyone is here. My family, my parents, my kids, my mother in law and some doctors who have been helping me back and forth. What they've been through is even tougher than what I've been through." Eriksen is set to join United as one of Erik ten Hag's first signings in a new era for the Red Devils. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival Frenkie de Jong has also been heavily touted to complete a move to the north west by the end of the week, whilst Feyenoord star Tyrell Malacia is also set to move to the Theatre of Dreams. With Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata all departing on free transfers earlier this month, there is a huge void of creative talent in midfield for United at present. And Ten Hag will be hoping that former Ajax star Eriksen can fill that gap with the displays he showed at Brentford if his side are to qualify for the Champions League.