The young prince, wearing a smart navy suit and tie, sat with his parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in the front row. The youngster looked less than impressed by Kyrgios' foul language during the match. The 27-year-old tennis player showed his frustration during the match as he attempted to overcome his undefeated Serbian opponent, who claimed his seventh Wimbledon title in four sets. Kyrgios received a warning midway through the third set after loudly saying "a f***ing joke" after receiving a double fault. Commentator Andrew Castle apologised for the foul language, saying: “Apologies for the language. It’s live sport.” The player, who has had run-ins with line judges, spectators and his opponents in the past, also asked the umpire to remove a "drunk" fan from the stands.  He told the umpire: “It shouldn’t be coming down to your opinion. It’s distracting me when I am serving in a Wimbledon final. "There's no other bigger occasion, you didn’t believe me and she did it again and it nearly cost me the game. Why is she still here?! She is drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of the game. "What is acceptable? Keep her out. I know exactly which one it is, it’s the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.” During the match, George was snapped covering his head with his hands, with many believing it was a reaction to the swearing READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage He appeared to have a confused and scrunched look on his face as he looked in the direction of the outspoken player. His outburst prompted Marion Bartoli, former Wimbledon champion, to comment on BBC Radio 5 Live: "This just has to stop. Kyrgios can't keep doing this - this is the final of Wimbledon. The umpire has to step and do something." Kyrgios is no stranger to losing his temper on the court a was even branded as having an "evil side" by his former opponent Stefanos Tsitsipas after they went head-to-head in a fiery third-round clash. Tsitsipas also said the explosive player was probably a "bully at school" DON'T MISS:Royal LIVE: Meghan and Harry destroy 'laughably ridiculous' rule [INSIGHT]Beatrice Borromeo 'absolutely stunning' for Monaco’s famous Rose Ball [COMMENTPrince George delights fans at Wimbledon [ANALYSIS] Kyrgios has also previously admitted to spitting in the direction of a spectator after he criticised "disrespectful" fans during a news conference while eating sushi. He also admitted to trying to hit his opponent Rafael Nadal during their Wimbledon match three years ago. The 27-year-old player has been forced to fork out a significant amount of money over the course of his career for a number of wrongdoings including a £90,000 fine in 2019. Earlier this year, Kyrgios revealed that he was closing in on £455,000 in career fines - nearly half of the £1.05m he locked up for reaching this year's final. 