Buffy the Vampire Slayer was one of the biggest shows of the 1990s and 2000s, and was instrumental in bringing producer Stephen Dunn’s reinvention of the classic Channel 4 series Queer as Folk back to screens for Peacock. Express.co.uk recently caught up with the showrunner for the 2022 reboot’s UK release on StarzPlay, and asked if there was any chance he could revive the iconic fantasy drama. Sarah Michelle Gellar’s iconic high school hero sadly hasn’t been seen on screens for nearly two decades. However, references to Buffy throughout the second US iteration of Queer as Folk could revive hopes of a continuation or reboot eventually happening. Creator Stephen nods to the original series through Julian (played by Ryan O’Connell), who is revealed to be a huge fan of WB’s cult classic series. In Russell’s breakout LGBTQ+ drama, Vince Tyler (Craig Kelly) obsessively consumes old episodes of Doctor Who, much to the bemusement of his best friend Stuart Allen Jones (Aidan Gillen). READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Express.co.uk recently asked Stephen if there was any chance his next project could take inspiration from Russell, who went on to revive the time-travel series with Christopher Eccleston. “That is a dream of mine,” he said. “Buffy is my lifeblood. “Julian definitely does channel a little bit of Vince, it’s a huge part of it.” Stephen revealed he has been a fan of the series since the same time the original Queer as Folk was on screens, and even has Buffy on his phone case to this day. While the writer-director has no set plans to reboot Buffy just yet, the genre has certainly made an impact on his television career. “I think sci-fi and that kind of storytelling is so steeped in queerness, despite the fact that it often hasn’t always been super obvious,” he explained. “Shows like Buffy for me… you know, Willow, was one of my introductions to queerness outside of Queer as Folk.” Buffy’s friend Willow Rosenberg (Alyson Hannigan) began dating Tara Maclay (Amber Benson) in the fourth season of the series and identified as a lesbian from the fifth season onwards. DON'T MISS:Below Deck Med’s Captain Sandy shares concerns for season 7 crew [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Brie star teases next role away from series [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY] Willow has since become an iconic part of the history of queer representation on screen, having had the first long-term lesbian relationship of a lead character on network television. Stephen added: “Queer people often find a lot of refuge in that indirect representation that can sometimes come from the sci-fi genre.” While a Buffy spin-off, sequel or continuation aren’t on the cards for the showrunner just yet, he did reveal the first season of Queer as Folk takes more inspiration from the supernatural series than viewers might initially expect. “I think it’s a powerful medium,” he said of the sci-fi genre. “And there is definitely some genre, some horror, some surrealism that’s going to unfold in this season of Queer as Folk. So you’ll see some of that kind of imagery come in.” Viewers from around the world are now able to tune in to the first season of America’s latest revamp of the series, though unfortunately a second outing has not yet been officially announced. Meanwhile, another Buffy spin-off to follow Angel was last reported to be in the works in 2018, with Fringe and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. writer Monica Owusu-Breen signed on as showrunner. Queer as Folk is available to stream on Peacock in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.