Chelsea have already completed two stellar transfers this summer in the form of Kalidou Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling, but there is plenty of business still to be done. Thomas Tuchel is reshaping his squad for his second full season as Blues head coach, with arrivals in defence, midfield and attack still on the cards. There are also sales on the agenda, some more high-profile than others, ahead of a busy final couple of months of the transfer window. Express Sport runs through Tuchel's dream 25-man squad for the new campaign, including a total of six new additions. GK: Mendy, Kepa, Bettinelli Tuchel's goalkeeping options should be the same as last season, with Edouard Mendy as his first-choice, Kepa Arrizabalaga as backup and Marcus Bettinelli third in the pecking order. However, Kepa could look to leave for a starting berth elsewhere, and Chelsea are understood to be eyeing teenage Chicago Fire stopper Gabriel Slonina as his potential replacement. JUST IN: Depay's Newcastle stance as Man Utd and Tottenham join transfer race  DEF: Thiago Silva, Chalobah, Chilwell, James, Sarr, Emerson, Koulibaly, Kounde, Kimpembe Chelsea will enter the 2022/23 season with a new-look defence after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's exits as free agents. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta is expected to follow them to La Liga, while Marcos Alonso could also return to his homeland. The Blues have already signed Koulibaly but are looking to recruit two more big-name centre-backs as Todd Boehly aims to make an impact in his first summer transfer window as owner. They seem to have beaten Barcelona to Sevilla's Jules Kounde and remain in talks with Paris Saint-Germain's Presnel Kimpembe. READ MORE: West Ham in advanced talks with Scamacca after Arsenal transfer rumour  MID: Jorginho, Kante, Kovacic, Loftus-Cheek, Mount, Gallagher, De Jong Tuchel's midfield will largely be the same as last term, but Conor Gallagher's return from his successful loan at Crystal Palace is a monumental boost. The England international replaces Saul Niguez, who has returned to Atletico Madrid after he enjoyed polar fortunes than Gallagher. But Chelsea could be looking to bolster, with rumblings in Spain suggesting the west London club are ready to thwart Manchester United's long-running pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. If De Jong arrived from Barcelona, one of Jorginho, N'Golo Kante, or Mateo Kovacic could be heading for the exit door. FWD: Pulisic, Havertz, Werner, Hudson-Odoi, Sterling, Saint-Maximin There will also be a fresh look about Chelsea's attack this season after the exciting arrival of Sterling, which could prove to be the transfer of the summer window. Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner face uncertain futures, but neither are more likely to leave than Hakim Ziyech, in talks with AC Milan. And Tuchel may not stop with Sterling amid intensifying links with Newcastle United winger Allan Saint-Maximin. If Chelsea fail in their interest in the flamboyant Frenchman, Tuchel has hinted he could offer Michy Batshuayi the chance to reignite his Stamford Bridge career.