Alex Jones has revealed she has been going through a “challenging” time in life recently. The beloved One Show host was supported by her many fans after apologising for going missing. In view of her 337k followers, Alex, 45, posted a photo of a lemon painting. “Things have been a bit tricky for us recently and in all honesty, I haven’t had time to be on here between working and the children but I randomly logged on and saw all your lovely messages gently asking if we were all ok,” she began. “I was touched by your kindness and so I just wanted to check in and say thank you, and that even though life has been a bit challenging, we are ok and still managing to enjoy the beginning of the holidays and there’s still plenty to smile about! (I’ll pop some stuff on my stories),” she continued. READ MORE: Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour She signed off with the poignant hashtags: “#whenlifegivesyoulemons #thekindnessofstrangers”. Good Morning Britain star Charlotte Hawkins replied: “Hope all OK, sending love”. Izzy Judd added: “sending love xxxx”. Maureneanna wrote: “Alex you have three young children! “Be kind to yourself and your other half. You come first, only do IG etc when you feel like it. They grow up so quickly”. Clare echoed: “Sad to hear you’ve had to face some challenges. Sending you and your family lots of love “. Alex married insurance broker Charlie Thompson in 2015, and they share three children together. These are Teddy, five, Kit, three, and baby Annie, ten months. DON'T MISS...Jennifer Aniston, 53, displays ageless natural beauty in rare selfie [PICTURES]Andie MacDowell 64 says she gets more male attention since going grey [INSIGHT]'Shady ladies' Amanda Owen shares family update amid Clive split [LATEST] Alex recently revealed in an interview with OK! magazine that despite being "a dream", Annie came as somewhat of a surprise into the couples’ lives. She said: “Annie was a huge surprise. “But she was very much wanted. I just love having the three of them. I always wanted a little gang. And Annie is a dream. “She’s been the easiest baby. She’s just lovely and I remind myself every day to tell her when she’s older that she was the most incredible baby. “She’s saved us completely. You wouldn’t even know she was there, she’s so good.” Discussing her daily routine, Alex said she wakes up at 5am to tend to her kids before heading off to work at 3pm and coming home at 7:30pm. The star said it was a “hugely demanding schedule” that evokes “huge waves of mum guilt”. Regardless, Alex said she was grateful to have maintained her career as she said that being a stay at home mum was the “hardest job in the world”.