The fifth series of Channel 4's Ackley Bridge starts on Monday, and fans can expect more drama, warmth and humour from the school-based programme. Season five promises more to look forward to, with headteacher Martin Evershed (played by Rob James-Collier) questioned over his leadership techniques and Kaneez (Sunetra Sarker) tasked with a new role teaching sex education. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Fizza actress Yasmin talked about what's in store for her character.  "I think this year's interesting," the actress commented, adding viewers can expect a change in the schoolgirl. "She's just changed her style, as people do in school every year, like for a different term. "I think she's very equipped just to change her personality and her views on stuff. "It was really fun with her costume and makeup as well to be like, 'She might do this to her eyeliner' and adding littler bits to her look." READ NORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Yasmin added: "She has definitely changed dramatically. "She has matured a lot from the last year and you can see that and also the friendships she's got, one being with Marina (Megan Morgan). "She's obviously very outspoken and I think she's disgusted to realise she's been put in her place a little bit as well which is quite funny. "She goes through some very difficult times with her family life this year." The Channel 4 series hasn't been on screens since April 2021, but viewers will be glad when Monday marks a return to the classroom. Ackley Bridge season five will air at the slightly later time of 10pm. As with the last year, the series will be made of 10 episodes. The Channel 4 synopsis for season five reads: "Life gets complicated for Marina (Megan Morgan), Kayla’s popular Queen Bee sister, just as her younger brother Kyle (Adam Little), Ackley’s newest pupil and troublemaker, turns up at school, fresh out of juvie. DON'T MISS... Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [LATEST]Cam Norrie shares 'disappointment' after Djokovic Wimbledon loss [VIDEO]Sally Nugent scolds BBC Breakfast guest for putting feet up [VIDEO] "It’s been a year already jam-packed with love triangles, catfishing, compulsive liars and one utterly joyous (albeit failed) gypsy wedding. "But it’s not over until the last school bell rings and there’s still plenty of time before the sun breaks on the summer holidays…" Some changes have been made to the new season, including some recastings. Carla Woodcock has been replaced as Marina Perry by actress Megan Morgan.  New castings include Adam Little as Kyle Perry, the younger brother of Marina and Laila Zaidi as Asma, a new teacher who causes a stir. Fans of RuPaul's Drag Race will be pleased to hear one of the drag stars will be making a cameo appearance. Baga Chipz will be appearing as a guest in the new episodes. Stars of the series have opened up about actress Morgan taking over as Marina. Ryan Dean, who plays Johnny Cooper, praised the new actress for making the role her own. Ackley Bridge series five starts on Monday at 10pm on Channel 4.