Manchester United have reportedly discussed the prospect of losing Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, with manager Erik ten Hag fearing the Portugal forward will not be physically capable of delivering what he wants. Ronaldo has failed to return for pre-season training this week amid a barrage of speculation around his potential departure, although his absence has been put down to “family reasons”. Ronaldo returned to Old Trafford last summer after the Red Devils signed him from Juventus 12 years after he initially departed following his first spell in Manchester. The Portugal international bagged 24 goals during his maiden campaign back in England but often cut a frustrated figure as his side flattered to deceive on the pitch. The 37-year-old had claimed to be “very happy” at Old Trafford during an interview at the start of June. But with the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Napoli reportedly interested in acquiring his services during the current transfer window, the blockbuster star could be set to turn his back on the 13-time Premier League champions for the second time. According to the Independent, Ten Hag is currently willing to work with Ronaldo and use him as the side’s focal point. But there could be a situation where the star is embarrassingly dropped to the bench if he can’t physically do what Ten Hag asks of him. And that’s why club chiefs have spoken about the player’s potential exit. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival The official stance of club bosses is that they would like Ronaldo to stay at the club - but there is aggravation over how the story around the player’s future has already played out in public. During his first spell at Old Trafford, Ronaldo won three Premier League titles, the Champions League and the Club World Cup. And he also picked up the first of his five Ballon d’Or trophies. But his second spell in the north west has been nowhere near as fruitful and United haven’t even secured qualification for next season’s Champions League. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS)  Ten Hag was asked whether Ronaldo would be part of his plans when he spoke to the media at the end of May and replied: “Of course.” The Dutchman then revealed he was expecting “goals” from the striker when the new season begins. But things appear to have changed since then, with Ronaldo reportedly growing frustrated by the club’s paucity of signings amid concerns that United won’t be able to compete for trophies next season. And Ten Hag might just be resigned to losing the ace in the coming weeks. 