Vladimir Putin has concentrated the bulk of his army in the east of Ukraine, as he seeks to fulfil his goal of "liberating" the Donbas. The Russians, slowly gaining more and more territory, have succeeded in seizing control of the Luhansk province - one half of the Donbas. Moscow's advance, though, has come at a high price, as its troops continue to sustain high casualties. Recent estimates from Ukraine's military claim that over 37,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in action since the beginning of hostilities on February 24. Putin's decision to focus on Ukraine's eastern territories has opened up opportunities for Kyiv to counterattack in the south. Over the last few weeks, Ukraine's army has turned its attention to carrying out military operations in the Kherson province. Reports suggest that over the weekend they succeeded in delivering a devastating blow against their opponents on the battlefields of the south. Oleksiy Arestovych, a political and military columnist, claimed that the command post of Russia's 49th Army was targeted by Ukrainian forces. According to preliminary information, more than 100 Russians were killed and around 200 were injured. Mr Arestovych posted a photo on Twitter of thick black smoke rising from the city of New Kakhovka in Kherson province. He wrote: "Yesterday's attack on the command post of the 49th army, air defence, and warehouses with missiles for air defence. "According to preliminary data, more than a hundred were destroyed, about 200 were wounded, half of whom were severe, some of whom will not survive." He added: "There were urgent evacuation groups for some VIP-wounded and killed. "It is impossible to rejoice at the deaths of people, even if they are enemies. "But you can rejoice at the combat effectiveness of your army." READ MORE: Ukraine horror: Russian hackers 'gain access' to war documents Ukrainian units also attacked the village of Chornobaivka, where Kherson International Airport is located. Reports claim that at least 12 senior Russian officers were killed in the offensive. Social media user WarMonitor, a military analyst, posted: "As a result of the attack on Chornobaivka (Near Kherson Airport), 12 senior Russian officers (generals and colonels) were killed. "Several dozen units of equipment and ammunition storage were also destroyed." Ukrainian commanders appear to be on the verge of launching a major offensive to recapture the strategically important port city of Kherson. DON'T MISSPutin's dire tactics exposed as huge 15 tank Russian convoy ambushed  [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin attack dog lets slip Russia's real aims in Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT]Russia forced to evacuate occupied city after shelling sparks inferno [NEWS] The city fell to the Russians at the very beginning of the invasion, after its defenders fled without putting up a fight. The deputy chairman of the Kherson regional council told Ukraine’s United News on Saturday that citizens must evacuate despite the difficulties in doing so. Yuriy Sobolevskyi warned those unable to flee that they must be prepared for heavy fighting. He said: "Those who can’t [leave] in any way should prepare for the fact that they will need shelter again. "It is necessary to have a supply of water, a certain amount of food in order to survive the onslaught of our troops."