The pair have presented ITV's This Morning together since 2009, with Phillip Schofield having been a part of the show for 20 years now. The dynamic duo usually take some time off in the summer months, and other famous faces step in to host the daytime show. It was announced on Thursday that Phillip and fellow host Holly Willoughby will be taking an eight-week break from the multi-award-winning programme from next week.  This Morning will, as usual, welcome a host of stars to front the show this summer when the regular hosts are away. These will include Friday favourites Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary and familiar hosts including Ruth Langsford, Josie Gibson, Rochelle Humes, Vernon Kay, Rylan Clark, Craig Doyle, Mollie King, and Andi Peters. Alison and Dermot will kick off the summer in style by hosting the first two weeks from next Monday, and continuing to keep the summer sofa sizzling throughout the coming weeks will be a mix of on-screen partnerships with Josie and Craig, Rochelle and Andi, Josie and Vernon, Rochelle and Craig, Mollie and Craig, and Ruth and Rylan, before Rochelle and Vernon finally take the reins. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film The summer guest hosts will front the live two-and-a-half-hour show from White City’s Television Centre until September 2, before Phillip and Holly return three days later. This Morning’s editor, Martin Frizell, commented: "I'm delighted that This Morning will continue to air throughout the summer weeks with such a varied and talented mix of hosts that I know viewers adore. "Each partnership will bring something new and exciting to entertain viewers each morning across the nation no matter what the weather will be like outside this summer!" Holly and Phil will bid farewell to viewers this week and will remain off-screen for the next three months. Alison and Dermot usually present the show every Friday, but will be at the helm of the discussion programme each day for the next fortnight. The hosts replaced Eamonn Holmes and his wife and presenting colleague Ruth, who sensationally stepped away from the programme late in 2021. The former now hosts GB News' breakfast show alongside Isabel Webster, and on Wednesday the 62-year-old won a TRIC Award for Best News Presenter. DON'T MISS... Antiques Road Trip's Paul Martin on importance of family heirlooms [EXCLUSIVE]Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan [VIDEO]Piers Morgan holds pig on live TV as he savages Johnson in rant [LATEST] The veteran broadcaster remarked: "I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me." He added: "Good Morning Britain we're coming for you." He later said at a press conference he was "very proud" of the award and it "means a lot this year particularly" referencing the November announcement that Eamonn was leaving ITV after 15 years on This Morning. At the time of Eamonn's move to the rival channel, GB News had only recently been launched and his decision surprised viewers.  Ruth, 62, has stepped away from presenting roles outside of chat show Loose Women, which she frequently hosts. It seems she will reprise her old role as ITV confirm she will be among the faces replacing Holly and Phillip during their leave. The two take weeks off each summer and return in the autumn to see in the final part of the year on the daily show. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.