Outside the Wellington military barracks near Buckingham Palace, a number of UK residents told the Express.co.uk Britain must fight back against Russia if Putin extends the war in Ukraine into NATO territory. As Putin’s offensive in the Donbas region wages on, with thousands still dying, NATO leaders met last week in Madrid, Spain to discuss how best to help Ukraine win the war. Britain was among several nations to pledge more troops to the eastern flank of the warzone.    Asked if Britain should fight back if Putin invades a NATO member state, one man laughed nervously before admitting “we have no choice”. He said: “I mean, we have no choice. It’s in the charter, right. We signed up for it so we should do that.” A woman sat with him then agreed that while the prospect of war was daunting, it was a necessary response from Britain. Another woman from Sweden said: “I think if you enter an alliance, you should honour that alliance.    “I think there is a reason why Sweden and Finland are entering NATO and I think any country that is in the alliance should honour what they have signed up to do, which is to defend each other. “And I do believe they will if Russia were to invade a NATO country, though I do not see that happening anytime soon.” But another man said he questioned to what extent Britain would be in a position to decide whether they fight against Russia, suggesting it was up to the “wider collective” of NATO. He said: “I do not know if that is a decision we would make independently. You know, the reason you are part of this wider collective is so you have that support mechanism and you are not making these decisions as independent countries.” READ MORE: Finland on high alert as nuclear bunker revealed [REPORT]   But, he added: “I would be concerned if an event like that took place and collectively we did not come together to say ‘No, this is not right. We need to do something about it’. “It is often the UK and others who are seen as taking the lead in that and other countries turn to us.” Speaking to a woman from Switzerland, however, there was some hesitancy to launch into a war. The woman said: “That is a difficult question. It is too difficult to decide. I hope [Putin] would not [invade]. That’s it. But we have to help the people of Ukraine in another way.” DON'T MISS: Liz Truss finally comes out swinging over China - JONATHAN SAXTY [OPINION] US ambassador to China brands Russia-Ukraine war 'greatest threat' [REVEAL] Russia on high nuke alert: Putin launches 'round-the-clock' monitoring [REPORT]   During last week’s NATO summit, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson made a series of pledges to bolster support of Ukraine. Speaking on behalf of the PM, defence secretary Ben Wallace announced an extra 1,000 British troops would be sent to Estonia and the UK would “allocate a brigade” to the eastern country. It will take the total tally of British soldiers in Ukraine up to around 3,000. Mr Wallace added the UK would also commit one of its two new aircraft carriers to the defence of Nato’s eastern flank, with Downing Street later confirming an extra £1billion in financial support. READ NEXT: Russia tank blows up in fiery blaze after Ukraine strike ignites ammoWhat happened to the fun and fearless Boris we all voted for?British Army: How much UK spends on defence'Can trigger article 5!' NATO on brink of WW3 amid Russia’s cyberwarFearsome RAF dual propeller aircraft spotted in UK skies  