Cameron Norrie, 26, takes on Novak Djokovic in the Wimbledon semi-final this afternoon on Centre Court in the biggest match of his career. The winner will earn a place in Sunday’s final against Nick Kyrgios, who went straight through to stand-off after his semi-final opponent Rafael Nadal retired due to injury. The British number one had never even made it to a Grand Slam quarter-final before these championships, let alone the final four. His dream run continued on Tuesday as he beat David Goffin to set up today’s clash with Djokovic. South African-born Norrie, who has British parents, is seeking a debut Grand Slam title, while Djokovic is in the hunt for the 21st major of his career. The ninth seed admitted yesterday that playing the reigning Wimbledon champion is one of the “tougher tasks in tennis”. Norrie, who is the last British player left in the draw, admitted that his dream run at SW19 has “not sunk in” yet. The Briton, who is known for his candid interviews and ability to whip up the crowd, has earned scores of fans during his impressive ascent to the top tier of tennis. Norrie has used Twitter to connect with fans, and a few years ago made a “desperate” plea on the platform when he did not have any shoes. JUST IN: Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected for Wimbledon VIP seats In June 2019, the British star wrote: “Anyone in the UK have any vapor grass shoes size US 12? “Will pay top dollar, in desperate need.” Several fellow users came to Norrie’s aid, offering up their footwear, although it is unclear if he took any of them up on their offers. Former British number one Laura Robson was among those who reached out, writing: “I can lend you some women’s sixes hun. Sorted.” Norrie’s humble journey through the world of tennis was captured in an interview with the Lawn Tennis Association in 2018. The down-to-earth star revealed that he started playing his beloved sport with sawn-off squash racquets on his parents’ driveway – a world away from his current Wimbledon stardom. Speaking of his earliest tennis memory, he said: “I just remember playing in the driveway with my mum. “Both my parents played squash and I was playing with sawn-off squash racquets.” Norrie opened up further about his early years this week after reaching the semi-final. He said: “I was playing pretty much every sport until 14 or 15 which was when I honed in on tennis. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Panic' as Sussex ‘damage control’ may not stop another Oprah 'pasting' [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton recalled Queen's reaction as he fumbled royal protocol sitting next to her [INSIGHT]Emma Raducanu opened up on her favourite royal Kate Middleton — ‘Great Inspiration’ [ANALYSIS] “Both my parents were very good squash players… “My dad was No1 in Scotland for the Universities and my mum was a great player too so they had squash rackets all throughout the house and the garage. “Do you remember the old squash rackets? They were really long and thin with a tiny head... really old school. “I remember my mum sawed off the handle of her racket and we played with sawn off squash rackets in the driveway.” He added: “That was how I started playing tennis and first hitting the ball.” Coverage of Norrie vs Djokovic will be shown on BBC One from 1:45pm.