On Tuesday, President Erdogan is set to meet with Russia’s Vladimir Putin and Iran’s Ebrahim Raisi in the Iranian capital of Tehran in what will be the Russian President’s second foreign trip since the invasion of Ukraine. The three world leaders have had multiple talks in a bid to halt the civil war in Syria which has been ongoing since 2011, and a matter of contention between Mr Macron and Mr Erdogan for years.   Relations between the two presidents have been fraught for a number of years, however, the tension reached new heights in 2020. The 68-year-old Mr Erdogan hit out at Mr Macron in reaction to the French President’s campaign against radical Islam following the beheading of teacher Samuel Paty after he showed his class a cartoon of the prophet Mohammed. He lashed out at French President Emmanuel Macron, questioning his mental health, because of Macron's crackdown on Islamist influence in France. He said at an address in 2020: “Macron needs mental health treatment. What else can be said to a head of state who does not understand freedom of belief and who behaves in this way to millions of people living in his country who are members of a different faith? First of all, a mental examination is necessary.” Their relationship had seemingly hit an all-time low with Mr Macron’s office being “insulted” by the “unacceptable” comments.     In 2016, Turkish Armed Forces attempted to overthrow the state and President Erdogan. But the coup failed and has consequently been described as Turkey’s "bloodiest" with more than 200 killed and 2,000 injured as it ended in a brutal and chaotic police crackdown. As a result, talks between Mr Macron and Mr Erdogan were put on hold for two years, resuming again in 2018 – but not without significant barbs thrown from both sides. Mr Macron, speaking at the conference held in Paris, said: "As far as the relationship with the European Union is concerned, it is clear that recent developments and choices do not allow any progression of the process in which we are engaged." However, Mr Macron conceded a close relationship between Brussels and Ankara was important, but that a partnership, rather than EU membership, was on the cards. READ MORE: Russian state TV reports on 'benefits' of having your son killed    But Mr Erdogan then spoke of how he hoped France would “get rid” of  Mr Macron as soon as possible. Matters seemingly calmed following Turkey and France’s battle over conflicts and Islamophobia. But at the same joint conference, Mr Erdogan retorted that Turks no longer want EU membership, adding to his dismissal as he had previously accused the EU of wasting Turkey’s time. He said that the country had grown tired of continually asking to join and added: “The idea that our country is anti-European has no relation with the truth.” Not only this, but Mr Erdogan raged at a journalist who questioned whether a Turkish newspaper's claim was true that the country had paid for supplies for Syrian rebels. He said the reporter was speaking like a member of the “Gulenist” group, the movement he blames for the 2016 revolt. DON'T MISS: Cummings silences Brexit critics and reveals KEY boost for UK [ANALYSIS]Panicked Putin to visit Iran TODAY in desperate scramble for support [INSIGHT]RAF chief lambasts 'desperate' Russia Air Force [REPORT]   It was not to last. Mr Macron reignited the tension this year when he accused his counterpart of potentially interfering in the French presidential election. He said: “There will be attempts at interference in the next presidential elections. I consider this to be unacceptable. It’s written down – the threats are not veiled.” But this claim was dismissed by Turkey as “unjust” and “dangerous”.  