Calls to abolish the monarchy have increased after The Sunday Times claims that Prince Charles met Bakr bin laden privately at Clarence House in London on October 30, 2013. Bakr bin Laden is the half-brother of Osama bin Laden, the founder of al-Qaeda who orchestrated the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Centre in New York. The Prince of Wales Charitable Foundation (PWCF) is where the money was reportedly deposited. There is no suggestion that the payment was illegal.  A Clarence House spokeswoman said: "The Prince of Wales’ Charitable Fund has assured us that thorough due diligence was undertaken in accepting this donation. "The decision to accept was taken by the charity’s Trustees alone and any attempt to characterise it otherwise is false." After the allegations were reported, #AbolishtheMonarchy began trending on Twitter. A Twitter user, called Republic Staff, stated: "Absolute disgrace, but as usual, MPs remain silent while Charles spins his excuses. "He is on record claiming credit for all the fundraising of the charities he set up, yet now he says he has nothing to do with it. #AbolishTheMonarchy." READ MORE: Earl Spencer sparks frenzy with hilarious joke on Prince George  The #AbolishTheMonarchy hashtag was trending throughout the day. Twitter user and journalist Sonia Poulton tweeted: "Of course, we should #AbolishTheMonarchy. "Once the Queen is gone we have to close down this unedifying spectacle. "Royalty is an abomination that puts these people above the law." According to Sir Ian Cheshire, the chairman of PWCF, the donation to the charity was agreed "wholly" by the five trustees of the charity at that time. Mr Cheshire said: "The donation from Sheik Bakr Bin Laden in 2013 was carefully considered by PWCF Trustees at the time. Due diligence was conducted, with information sought from a wide range of sources, including government. "The decision to accept the donation was taken wholly by the Trustees. Any attempt to suggest otherwise is misleading and inaccurate.” Prince Charles has no official role within PWCF and a spokesperson for the Prince said that all of his charities "operate independently of the prince himself in relation to all decisions around fundraising".  DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE UPDATES]Lilibet birthday photo exposes key Meghan and Kate difference [OPINION]Inside Kate and William's luxurious 20-room second home [INSIGHT]