Manchester United legend Wes Brown thinks Harry Maguire should retain the captaincy this summer. The England international endured a difficult campaign last time out, struggling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet Brown, who works as an ambassador for the club, thinks he should keep the armband despite talk of Cristiano Ronaldo potentially replacing him in the role. Maguire has blown hot and cold for United ever since his arrival from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And with Erik ten Hag now manager at Old Trafford, there’s been talk of him potentially losing the honour. Brown, however, thinks Maguire will be disappointed if he loses the armband - but thinks the 29-year-old can shine in the role due to his willingness to take responsibility for his poor performances. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he said: “The captaincy to me, obviously it’s a big deal but you just get on with it. “For instance, if he got it taken off him, he’ll be disappointed. Ultimately, he’ll want to show everybody he can do it. “There were a lot of players who had a bad season last season. But, as the captain, you will take a lot of stick and I think he understands that. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “Performances at times, not just from him but quite a lot, when it happens in the same game it isn’t going to work. “I’ve said this before, I’ve watched many games where Maguire may have been at fault for the last part of the goal, but leading up to it there’s three or four mistakes when it shouldn’t have got to that position. “Yes, Maguire will be disappointed in bits that he’s been involved in. And he’s the captain, he’s going to get pulled up on it. “But that’s what I mean about consistency. We need to be better in all the areas but Harry is older, wiser, he’s got experience and he’ll want to show everybody he can do it and it’s as simple as that. “Hopefully this happens this season. There have been times where I’ve had a bad season but, because eight or nine have been playing well, nobody really jumps on it because we’re still winning games. “If you’re in this league for 15 seasons, you’re not going to have a great year every year unless you’re Ronaldo or Messi. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “But, in general, it can happen. And there were quite a few below-pars last season and, ultimately, if that was me I’d hope I was the one being picked on. “Maguire knows how this works and that will always happen whether that’s the papers, the press, or the fans that’s going to happen. “But I hope he comes back really fit and the challenge is there now. I’m pretty sure he knows that.” Brown also hailed Ronaldo as a ‘different breed’, however, insisting the Portugal international still has plenty to offer. There’s been talk of a move to Chelsea for the 37-year-old, especially after his agent Jorge Mendes recently held talks with Blues owner Todd Boehly. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Brown thinks Ronaldo is worth keeping, even as the veteran enters the twilight years of his career. “He’s a different breed,” he said. “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.” As well as Ronaldo, there are other names in the frame to become United’s next captain. David De Gea is one, having regained his best form and been at the club ever since his move from Atletico Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2011. And Bruno Fernandes is another, having been a substantial hit since joining from Sporting Lisbon over two years ago. An outside bet for the role would be Scott McTominay, but the Scotland international remains too inconsistent to get such an accolade at the current moment in time. Former Manchester United defender Wes Brown was speaking ahead of the 360 Sports TV Masters Cup, taking place on the 8th July, available to stream on 360 Sports TV