She is reportedly extremely special to the family, as they received her as a gift from Kate's younger brother James Middleton after Lupo, their first family dog, passed away. Lupo, an English cocker Spaniel, sadly died in November 2020. At the time, William and Kate shared the sad news on social media, saying: "Very sadly last weekend our dear dog, Lupo, passed away. "He has been at the heart of our family for the past nine years and we will miss him so much." Orla accompanied the Duchess of Cambridge to watch Prince William at the Royal Charity Polo Cup match. The black dog was pictured alongside the couple as they raised money for several different charities endorsed by the Cambridges. Kate and William drew the attention of Royal fans during the event, as they engaged in a rare public display of affection. The Duchess of Cambridge was pictured throwing her arms around William at the event, which took place yesterday. The royals were seen smiling and laughing together, with Kate congratulating her husband with an affectionate kiss on the cheek. Body language expert Judi James told the Daily Mail that their body language resembled a "young couple on a first date". Orla was seen walking alongside Kate and William at various points in the match. READ MORE: Kate and William 'acting like young couple on first date' in rare PDA She appeared to be very well trained, as she remained off the lead for most of the day. The Royal Family have long been known to be dog lovers, with the Queen having owned several corgis throughout her reign. The 95-year-old monarch's love for corgis began during her childhood after her father King George VI brought home a Pembroke Welsh corgi puppy for the Royal Family. DON'T MISS: Kate and William's secret signs after 'flirty' Wimbledon appearance [INSIGHT] Prince William and Kate publicly share loving and affectionate kiss! [REPORT] Kate 'frustrated' after William snubbed her for 'secret crush' [REVEAL] According to the Royal Collection Trust, the corgi's official title was Rozavel Golden Eagle, but he was more commonly known by the name Dookie. A photograph from the 1970s shows Her Majesty with seven dogs. Later in 2012, she was reported to have at least five. But a love for dogs isn't just isolated to the Queen. The Duchess of Cornwall has two rescue dogs called Beth and Bluebell.