The problem is that I love a wood fire - I wrote a book, Playing With Fire, about the process - and I'm being made to feel ashamed of this ancient skill. I'd always thought that because trees re-grew after you chopped them down, what I was doing was satisfyingly renewable. In the 2000s, burning wood in the form of pellets even got government backing and subsidies. So burning wood must be good, surely? Not exactly. Remember how diesel cars were hailed as the greenest thing to drive? Wood is going the same shameful way, not least because we are told that pollution from wood stoves is next only to car pollution in pouring muck into the air. With that information sticking to the mind like sooty particles stick to lungs, wood burning soon loses its cosy glow. I feel as if I should now light my fire from behind closed curtains. But hang on a minute. I now read that, in a bizarre new proposal, wood burning is back and it's here to save us all. To arrive at net zero by 2050, given that we can't shut down all the factories, ground the planes and stop the traffic, there is a suggestion we burn 120 million trees - this adds up to about three decent-sized forests a year - to produce electricity, then pipe the emissions under the North Sea where the carbon can be captured in a massive out-of-sight, out-of-mind exercise. About which, not surprisingly, there seems to be scientific doubt. And how, pray, tell does that get you to carbon zero? Simple - trees are considered renewable, so the stuff they give off when they burn, if captured, counts as negative when you do the final sums. So it all looks good on paper. Job done, net zero solved, burn down the forests and jet around the world with a clear conscience. Does anyone really believe this nonsense, apart from the theoretician who thought it up? It's not the wood smoke, it's the never-ending fog of conflicting advice in which we are all suffocating. I'm now being told to seal the house windows, doors, nooks and crannies to keep out the wicked fresh air and save energy; at the same time, doctors are telling me the best way to avoid the coming Covid upsurge is to live in a draught. Can anyone please tell me what I should do?  Boos of Ryanair, Michael O’Leary, has described the wearing of smart uniforms by his aircrew as “bull****”. I’m not sure. The soothing sight of a calm and smartly dressed pilot is exactly what we crave in the cattle pens that airports are likely to be this year. Walks on the common have been cheered up ever since the lockdown exercise habit of listening to Tony Hancock shows on Sounds, via my phone. They still make laugh out loud, startling passers-by and getting me odd looks nearby dogs. favourite line, for some is when Bill Kerr (the Australian pal) is depressed and Hancock, tries to counsel him. But villainous, gnarled Sid has a better system. "Brighten up or I'll bang you one!'', he snarls. It shouldn't funny, but goodness it is. It is famously said about Naples that "red traffic lights here are merely suggestions". Very true. But this is not the aspect of Naples that the authorities have decided to clamp down on. Are they finally going to tackle the infamous Camorra gangster network and make it a safer city in which to live? No, they have gone for something far more dangerous than that. They are telling the residents to stop hanging out their washing in case it should drip on passing tourists. The sight of sheets cracking in the drying breeze, colourfully strung out on lines stretching across entire streets, is as much a part of Naples as the marbled fountains are of Rome. The residents are resisting. Perhaps we can help. We did after all once see off an oppressor by declaring ''We're Gonna Hang Out The Washing On The Siegfried Line''. I suggest they try it to the tune of O sole mio.