The Duke of Cambridge has been shamed for breaking the ‘golden rule’ of the Royal Family in a series of embarrassing statements. The unwritten motto of the Royal Household has become ‘never complain, never explain,’ a sentiment all members are expected to uphold within the public sphere. Prince William has been criticised for breaching this sentimental code by commenting on aspects of royal responsibility following his controversial Caribbean tour. Investigative journalist Tom Bower suggested the shift in royal conduct came in wake of Prince Philip’s death, as younger members of the Royal Family have started to break away from tradition.    Speaking on Sky News, Mr Bower said: “I think that’s one of the sad things about William. “When he came back from the disastrous tour in the Caribbean, he made various statements, which the Queen would never have made, about the Commonwealth.” Prince William and Kate Middleton faced severe backlash following their tour of the Caribbean nations, a trip arranged as part of a series of foreign tours ahead of the Platinum Jubilee. Throughout their eight-day trip, the couple were met with protests calling for an apology and reparations for the UK’s involvement in colonialism.    Mr Bower continued: “He should learn to be quiet because he is the future of the monarchy, he and Kate. “That is something that unfortunately, with the death of Prince Philip, has disappeared from the Royal Family - that self-discipline. “You’d never hear Anne complain and Charles when he complains is always attacked and William needs to learn that lesson. “Harry wears his heart and everything else on his sleeve and it's very unpleasant.” Read more: Meghan Markle achieved goal of fame after marrying Prince Harry -claim Mr Bower suggested it was essential Prince William, as future King, upheld the traditional expectations of Royal Family members. He noted that older generations of the firm had scarcely deviated from the so-called ‘golden rule’. In particular, Prince Philip and Princess Anne were credited for their aversion to commenting on hgh-profile royal matters within the public sphere. By comparison, Mr Bower suggested Prince Harry, who stepped back from royal duties in 2020, had largely ditched the unofficial rule of royal life by ‘wearing his heart on his sleeve’. Don't miss: Meghan 'DID' make Kate cry during bridesmaids dress row [REVEAL]Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’? [POLL]Meghan, Harry and the Royal Family: Where did it all go wrong? [ANALYSIS] Following the controversial Caribbean tour, a public statement by Prince William read: “I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. “In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon, but we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. “Catherine and I are committed to service. For us that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have.” Read next:Prince Harry sparks royal author fury as 'disloyalty' to Royal FamilyRoyal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return as part-timers?Princess Beatrice weight loss: What the royal 'certainly' did to slimPrince Harry fans fume at attack on 'completely unqualified' Duke Prince William and Harry set for 'epic clash' in US