  Hugh Grant has addressed rumours that he could play Prince Andrew in a film adaptation of his notorious Newsnight interview. The actor commented on his link to the film after it was announced the story behind the Duke Of York’s “car-crash” appearance on the BBC was being adapted for the big screen.      While a cast has yet to be announced for the upcoming film, one publication named Hugh as an actor that was on the producers’ “wish list” to play the royal. Taking to Twitter, Hugh shot down a since-deleted tweet linking an article that claimed his name was in the mix. “No I’m not.  Never heard of it,” he told his 805,500 followers. Hugh’s fans and followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on the rumours, after the actor definitively shut them down. READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, stuns as she displays peachy rear in white bikini     “Oh no! B*****s. I really hoped you were considering playing Prince Andrew,” wrote Lorna. “But you may enter into talks at some point in the future, right?” “You could pull that role off no sweat,” quipped Marc. (sic) Matthew added: “Hugh Grant still has an exciting future career, unlike Prince Andrew.”     “I'm guessing that your summons/invitation to the Palace to discuss the role must have got lost in the post,” joked Tricks. Sue argued: “Absurd. I cannot imagine that anyone would want to watch such a film. A crazy idea!!” The Newsnight interview in question happened in 2019, when Prince Andrew sat down with the BBC’s Emily Maitlis to discuss his prior friendship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. The interview also delved into allegations of sexual misconduct that had been levelled against Andrew. READ MORE... Ivana Trump cause of death: How did Donald Trump's ex-wife die? [LATEST] Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [INSIGHT] 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [NEWS]     Following his uncomfortable appearance on camera, which shocked the nation, he stepped back from royal duties. This year, he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages - a move that was supported by his mother, Queen Elizabeth. There was also a sexual assault lawsuit filed against him by his accuser Virginia Guiffre. Both of them reached a settlement back in February, with the prince continually denying all allegations.      The movie dramatising how the interview with Andrew was secured will be called Scoop. The film's writer Peter Moffat told Deadline that behind-the-scenes negotiations will make for "very thrilling drama". "How was it that he decided it was a good idea to do a great big long interview with Emily Maitlis on the BBC?" he wondered. Peter has previously worked on dramas including Criminal Justice, Silk and Your Honour.   