Sir Keir Starmer has been hesitant to discuss Brexit in the past over concerns Labour could further alienate Eurosceptic voters. The Leader of the Opposition is set to give a behind-closed-doors speech on Monday at the Centre for European Reform think tank during which he will use the ailing economy to criticise Boris Johnson. According to the Financial Times, Starmer will vow to “invest in our people and our places, and deliver on the promise our country has”. He will also pledge to “deliver on the opportunities Britain has, sort out the poor deal Boris Johnson signed, and end the Brexit divisions once and for all". However, the Remain-supporting former Shadow Brexit Secretary will also take aim at the Prime Minister over the Northern Ireland Protocol and the poor relationship between the UK and the European Union. The Labour leader will say: “We will get the Protocol working and we will make it the springboard to securing a better deal for the British people.” He is also poised to promise to “tear down unnecessary barriers”. Mr Starmer has been bolstered by emerging information that the majority of the public believe Brexit has negatively impacted the economy. In his speech, the Labour leader is due to say that the Conservatives “have created a hulking ‘fatberg’ of red tape” and will compare Johnson’s Brexit deal to “wet wipe island” in the River Thames. He will add: “It is hampering the flow of British business – we will break that barrier down.” READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief Sir Keir’s approach to ‘fixing’ Brexit will not involve dragging the UK back into the single market or reinstating the freedom of movement. He is expected to argue: “There are some who say ‘we don’t need to make Brexit work. We need to reverse it’. I couldn’t disagree more. “Because you cannot move forward or grow the country or deliver change or win back the trust of those who have lost faith in politics if you are constantly focused on the arguments of the past. “So let me be very clear: with Labour, Britain will not go back into the EU. “We will not be joining the single market we will not be joining a customs union.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror ‘hunger plan’ could send millions to star (INSIGHT)Harry and Meghan 'raised eyebrows' with solo moment at Jubilee event (REVEAL)David Harbour opens up on Strange Things weight loss (INSIGHT) The Holborn & St Pancras MP will add: “The reason I say this is simple. Nothing about revising those rows will help stimulate growth or bring down food prices or help British business thrive in the modern world.” New data has emerged which has separated the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic on the economy and the impact of Brexit which shows that the UK has faltered in trade and investment compared to other G7 nations. A UK study conducted by Ipsos showed that there has been a steady increase in the number of Brits who believe Brexit has negatively impacted their daily life since June 2021 This recently increased to 45 percent, with only 17 percent saying their lives have improved. The Conservatives are due to accuse Starmer and his five-point plan of attempting to undo the work undertaken by them and of reversing elements of Britain's departure from the Brussels bloc.