In the coming week, the Met Office has warned: "Heatwave criteria will be met in some areas in southern and central England and Wales." While the toasty temperatures are welcome news for sunbathers and those heading to the seaside, once bedtime rolls around, it can mean an unsettled night of sleep. Martin Seeley, CEO and sleep expert at MattressNextDay explained that the best way "to stop being hot and bothered at night" is by attempting to keep your bedroom between 16C and 18C. However, with limited air conditioning, this can feel like a task for many households. Mr Seeley said: "Naturally, you can use a fan to achieve this lower temperature or if you feel yourself heating up, there are some hacks to achieve a cooler sleeping environment." The sleep expert shared some of his "unusual" hacks to help you stay cool at night. READ MORE: 'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate If you are someone who is always seeking the cold side of the pillow, why not give your pillowcase an extra chill by popping it into the freezer. According to Mr Seeley, placing your pillowcase in the freezer for 15 minutes before bedtime can make for a perfectly cool spot to rest your head. Alternatively, he recommends filling up a hot water bottle with cold water and putting it in the freezer one hour before you plan on going to bed. Since the blood vessels in your wrists are close to the surface of your skin, a cold splash of water on this area can help to bring your body temperature down. Mr Seeley said: "When you brush your teeth before bed, you should also run your wrists under cold water for a few minutes before bedtime, as this quickly cools your body down." DON'T MISSPrince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry: Expert on why couple are ‘constantly touching’ [INSIGHT]Queen's dinner rule: Item she bans grandchildren from having at table [REVEALED] Though many people might ditch their pyjamas simply because it is too hot to sleep fully clothed, according to Mr Seeley, sleeping in the buff can also encourage deeper sleep. The sleep expert said: "If you start to overheat in bed, even a little bit, you’re likely to wake up in the middle of the night which will disrupt your sleeping pattern. "However, sleeping naked is the fastest and easiest way of regulating your body temperature. "It also increases your chances of deeper sleep, which is needed to stay alert the following day, which is extra important if you’re at home." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Using a fan is one of the easiest ways to cool down a room, but adding a bowl of ice can pack a frosty punch. This is because the ice cubes slowly melt away, dispersing a cool breeze. While it might sound odd, the colour of your duvet cover can make all of the difference in regulating the temperature of your bed. Mr Seeley explained: "You should switch your duvet cover to know that is not only lighter in colour but in a lighter material to regulate your body temperature if you tend to sweat at night. "It’s important to choose this type of bedding during spring and summer as night sweats can disturb your sleep and significantly impact your mood."