The Duchess of Cambridge greeted junior players and staff as she arrived at Wimbledon to watch the women’s singles final on Saturday afternoon. The Duchess, who is patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC), wore a bright yellow Roksanda dress to this year’s penultimate day of The Championships.  Saturday’s historic final at SW19 saw Russian-born Elena Rybakina, who is representing Kazakhstan, compete against Tunisian player Ons Jabeur for her maiden Grand Slam title. As patron, the Duchess presented the trophies to both the winner and runner-up in a ceremony on Centre Court that took place after the match. Royal fans showered Kate with love as they praised her glowing yellow dress. A Twitter user Robihoodparty said: “You look great Kate, all in Yellow you beautiful petal.”  Another Twitter user Sarahpotts said: “Kate you looked stunning and your warm, friendly personality shines through - we are so lucky to have you” A third Twitter user Ashleycoats said: “Kate!!! She is Pheonominal....” A fourth Twitter user OliverRafferty said: “A beautiful dress on a beautiful day for a brilliant match. Such a gorgeous dress.” Before taking her seat, Kate spoke with two semi-finalists in the inaugural 14 and under junior championships - Great Britain's Isabelle Britton, 14, and the USA's Carel Ngounoue, 13.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned Archie and Lilibet now 'valuable prey' in US The group could be heard talking about Norrie's loss in the semi-final on Friday, with Kate saying: "He had such a good game, he really did." Afterwards, the youngsters said they talked with Kate about their experience playing at Wimbledon. The Duchess also spoke to two staff members - guest services host Rachael Williams and estate management support Dave Tulloch - who were acknowledged for going above and beyond during the tournament. As patron, the Duchess of Cambridge presented the trophies to both the winner and runner-up in a ceremony on Centre Court that took place after the match.  DON'T MISS:GB News: Dolan lauds Brexit as 'strategic stroke of genius' Javid and Hunt pledge massive tax cuts as pair launch leadership bidsMeghan and Harry stun royal fans as they watch July 4 parade This has sparked some controversy as a member of the British Royal Family ended up “congratulating someone from Russia” in a year in which Russian and Belarusian players were banned from Wimbledon due to Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine.