The Minister for Brexit Opportunities has laid out the VAT tax cuts that have already been taken as a result of being outside the EU, pointing to insulation. Mr Rees-Mogg went on to raise the possibility of cut for VAT on fuel to lower costs for motorists at the pumps. Mr Rees-Mogg told Channel4: "The biggest benefit of Brexit has always been the people are in charge of their own destiny and democracy and accountability, and therefore what politicians do is directly accountable to voters. "So you can say to me, why haven't you done this? And I can't say because somebody won't let us. "So this degree of accountability is fundamental because that's what leads to change is when politicians are held to account for not just what they've done, but what they haven't done. We no longer have the excuse of saying that was all down to the EU. "Brexit already doing things for people. Why didn't say why did we not have a crisis at Christmas last year with supply chains?" "We didn't have a crisis because we removed some EU rules that made it easier to get more HGV drivers," he continued. "Why have we been able to take VAT off insulation materials because we're outside the EU. "It is an option to take VAT off fuel which the chancellor former chancellor refused to do. "That is a Brexit opportunity."  It comes as Rishi Sunak - the former chancellor - faces off against Foreign Secretary Liz Truss over the leadership of the Conservative Party, and the keys to 10 Downing Street. A big dividing line is tax. In short, Mr Sunak announced hikes to corporation tax and national insurance before stepping down as chancellor - Ms Truss has vowed to cut these back. Her plans would be expensive for the Government - the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) estimates a bill of over £30 billion. Mr Sunak has promised he will eventually cut tax. But the former chancellor is keenly aware of how much he spent during the pandemic to keep the economy afloat. He now wants to tap households and businesses - many of which would have struggled even more without Government help - to pay for some of these efforts. Mr Sunak argues that the amount of tax the Government collects needs to rise before it falls. Only "once we've gripped inflation" will taxes come down, he has said. But Ms Truss has promised action now for Conservative Party members who want to see a cut in their tax bills.