The heatwave is causing chaos across the country, with the Met Office issuing a red heat warning. The Government is advising people to take steps to stay out of the sun and keep hydrated during the extreme heat. Humans suffer during times of high temperature, and heat can cause a number of problems such as illness and heat exhaustion. The heat will spread around Britain next week, with parts of the south and midlands expected to suffer from baking-hot temperatures. Heat can also cause issues with infrastructure, and roads are in danger of melting if they are exposed to extreme temperatures. If this happens, it could cause widespread travel disruption and make it difficult for motorists and public transport to get around. READ MORE: Heatwave warning: Take these 8 steps to prepare for the extreme heat British roads are made from asphalt, also known as blacktop or tarmac, but some are built from concrete. Roads in the sun can get as hot as 50C, and at these temperatures, they begin to become soft, according to the Road Surface Treatments Association. This is because even though the outside temperature may be as low as 20C, the road surface absorbs heat and this builds up during the day. At high temperatures, gritters are used to try and keep the roads cool and prevent them from melting. Howard Robinson, chief executive of the Road Surface Treatments Association, said: “Drivers may be bemused to see the gritters out in the summer when they are usually spreading grit and salt during the winter. “However, this is effective standard practice for keeping a road surface safe during extreme prolonged hot temperatures.” “Asphalt is a bit like chocolate – it melts and softens when it’s hot and goes hard and brittle when it’s cold – it doesn’t maintain the same strength all year round.” DON'T MISS:Man kicks seagull for knocking ice cream out of child's hand [INSIGHT]One person dead in paddleboard tragedy as emergency services swarm sea [ANALYSIS]'Let's claim back our streets' Gang of teenagers terrorise estate [REACTION] In 1995, a heatwave forced the road industry to use a new type of asphalt, to help roads handle higher temperatures. polymers raised the asphalt road surface softening point to around 80C, preventing it from softening under extreme hot weather. However, these roads are more expensive and not widely used around the UK, with about less than 5 percent of all road surfaces in Britain using modified asphalt. This means many roads around the country may suffer under the extreme heat next week, and drivers should take care if they plan to drive during high temperatures.