Demographer Paul Morland has warned against an overreliance on technological solutions to solve the problem of Britain's falling birth rate. With the UK's ageing demographic and the slowing number of babies born each year, Dr Morland believes robots will not fix the gaps in the future job market. Dr Morland told Express.co.uk: "Technology certainly makes people more productive. "But if I've got a problem with my roof and I need it fixed, a dripping tap. "A lawn that needs cutting, which I, of course, do myself but a bin needs clearing a petrol station that needs petrol when I take my car to it. "A shelf that needs filling at a supermarket, a doctor that needs to see to my mum's heart, whatever it is, I ain't seeing the robots yet." "Now maybe they really are over the horizon and certainly labour shortages, more expensive labour means that the economic motive to invest more in labour replacement is greater and those things will arrive quicker than if we've got a lot of supply of cheap labour. "So I understand all of that, but I think we're already suffering the effects of too little labour, we're a very labour-hungry economy. "Don't stand at the checkout waiting for your suitcase to arrive in the airport and complain that you've got to wait too long and they've got nobody there because the robot should be doing it. "Obviously it's partly automated, but it's not a fully automated process, so I'm very dubious about that." The demographer has warned that while the population of the UK is growing, growth is slanted heavily towards those in older age ranges, while the number of young people is shrinking. Dr Morland has predicted that immigration to the UK will be unable to keep up with job market demands in the future, and believes Britons having larger families is the key to finding a solution. He told Express.co.uk: "We in Britain have had sub-replacement fertility that is fewer than two children per woman for about 50 years. "We are seeing that now when I joined the workforce there were two people in their early twenties entering the workforce for everyone in their early sixties leaving it. Don't Miss:Liz Truss humiliation after bizarre and impassioned 'cheese speech'[OPINION]Putin's Russia 'flexing muscles' in manner not seen since Cold War[ANALYSIS]Switzerland opened markets of £26trillion outside European bloc[INSIGHT]  "Now it is about one for one, that does not meet our demand for labour and we are short of labour everywhere." "We saw it with the tanker drivers last autumn, we are seeing it in the airports at the moment, and there are a lot of different reasons," Dr Morland continued. "We have these labour demands, the robots have not come to the rescue, and we can just call in reserve armies of labour from wherever we like for as long as we like. "I think it is arrogant and I think it is not practical in the long term." READ NEXT: Terrifying fire rages above treetops as thick smoke cloud appearsTruss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency lawBrexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HEREJames Cleverly blames NOT Brexit but French: NEVER part of Schengen