Coronation Street's Yasmeen (played by Shelley King) has been on a mission to reunite Stu (Bill Fellows) with his daughter, who he hasn't seen in a long time. It was recently revealed he had been sending gifts to her over the years, but when a parcel had a return to sender sticker on it, his hopes of rekindling their relationship were crushed. Yasmeen is determined to not let her friend let go of his hopes and decides to track down his daughter, but could she be making a big mistake which could end in a disaster? In upcoming scenes, Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) reveals he’s looking for labourers and Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) offers up his services much to Daisy Midgeley’s (Charlotte Jordan) amusement. Suki Waters (Laura Littlewood) from the Gazette calls at Speed Daal and interviews Yasmeen, Stu, Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) and Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) about their food waste initiative. When Stu reveals Yasmeen offered him a lifeline when he was homeless by offering him a job, Suki is ecstatic. Later in the week, Stu’s mortified to see he’s front and centre of the Gazette article. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin However, it's the least of his worries as Stu is shocked by the surprise appearance of his ex-wife, Lucy, at Speed Daal. She orders Stu to stay away from Bridget and drops a bombshell secret from his past. As Lucy strides out, Stu protests his innocence but Yasmeen orders him out of the restaurant. Curious about what Lucy has said to Stu and determined to get to the truth, Yasmeen catches up with her in Victoria Garden, but what does she reveal? Stu's dark past has been at the forefront for the past couple of weeks, with Yasmeen adamant she wants to help him. Yasmeen's kind nature to help people has gotten her in trouble before and landed her in prison after she was convicted for the attempted murder of her ex-husband Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew). Geoff doted on Yasmeen, which was the reason she fell for him, but his kind nature soon disappeared and would often abuse Yasmeen. Fed up with his controlling nature, she stabbed him in the neck. Whilst this didn't kill him, she was ultimately charged with attempted murder but luckily never convicted. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner to be jailed  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Debbie arrested as risky plan backfires [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Double exit for Platt family [WATCH] Could Lucy's appearance on the cobbles be an attempt to warn Yasmeen of Stu's past, revealing a shocking connection with Geoff? Stu could be linked to Geoff and may have been sent to Weatherfield to get revenge on Yasmeen for the attack. Has Stu been playing Yasmeen the whole time, putting her in harm's way? Stu actor Bill opened up about the relationship between Stu and Yasmeen after she encouraged him to get back in touch with Bridget. He told Express.co.uk and other press: "She reminds me what I said about my life, Yasmeen is the one that when I've calmed down, he thinks about it, you realize is the right answer. "He sometimes doesn't listen and often says those things and regrets them, and now that's what I think was mainly Yasmeen. "Seeing her and Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar) and all that kind of happy family again, I think it's something her wanted. I think he loves being part of their family." The family have welcomed Stu into their family with open arms but is he about to betray their trust and devastate their lives? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.