Gardening experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have shared how to create shady areas in the garden to provide shelter from the sun during this week’s heatwave. While hot weather is sporadic in this country, it’s important for Britons to protect themselves from the sun by basking in the shade. Britons looking to entertain guests in the sun also need to remember that not every guest will want to sit and enjoy the sun for hours. Creating shady spots will make gardens more enjoyable for guests, pets and certain plants too. Founder of GardeningExpress, Chris Bonnett is advising people to have “at least some shade in their garden”. He continued: “Sometimes sitting in direct sun for a while becomes unbearable and it’s not the best thing for us. “Having shady spots in your garden will give you some relief from the hot weather whilst still allowing you to enjoy the outdoors. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’ “This is especially important if you plan on hosting and having people over - they may not want to be in the direct sun all day. “And if you have kids, having shady spots means they can enjoy being outside and you don’t have to worry about them being in direct sunlight too long either. “The obvious option is to buy a parasol but you can do other things like invest in shade sails or even garden furniture with a built-in canopy.” Tall plants and trees can create dappled shade which will be enough for people looking to get away from the sun. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]How to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [ANALYSIS] The GardeningExpress experts recommend Cotinus Coggygria Royal Purple or bamboo and Silver Birches for this. This is the “easiest way” to create shade in the garden. It’s a good investment which Britons are sure to use year after year. There are free-standing ones that are easy to move around the garden which means gardeners can create shade anywhere. Shade sails can be bought for as little as £15 and can be hooked onto parts of the home, trees and posts to create shade. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The sides of the sails are left open which allows a nice breeze to continue to circulate. Not everyone has space for hanging baskets to grow but others only have space for them. For people who can’t grow plants and trees, shade can be replicated using hanging baskets. The experts said: “Plants like English Ivy and Ferns are great for this because they’re full and leafy. “They look great and will continue to grow in the shade which is a bonus.” For those with larger gardens, a pergola might be a good option. They can be pricey, so it will also depend on your budget.  Pergolas are great long term investments for those who spend quite a lot of time outside. A pergola will provide relief from harsh sun but won’t completely block it out. For those who prefer shade, the right garden furniture is key. Some garden sofas come with a built-in canopy. This will save you having to purchase one separately, and it will already match the furniture. The prices of these kinds of garden sofas usually aren’t more expensive than normal garden sofas.