In a post on Mumsnet, the desperate mum with the username ‘Bringbackwinter’, expresses her fury at her next-door neighbour, who has installed a pool in their garden. The annoyed mum writes that her neighbour “has been practically living in the garden all week” as the thermometers went on an unprecedented hike in the past few days, even surpassing 40C degrees in some areas in the UK today. And the Mumsnet user deems her neighbour’s toddler “quite naughty”, as the boy enjoys the freshness of the pool, loudly jumping and splashing in the water all day. Resentfully, the mum opens up to other users as she writes: “I’m cursing that pool”. The post reads: “We live in a terrace so very close proximity to each other. The neighbour next door has a big pool crammed into the backyard. “She’s been practically living in the garden all week. She has the one toddler, a boy, who seems to be quite naughty. “All I hear all day through my open windows is happy screaming, angry screaming, crying, lots of splashing, ‘wooooo’, ‘one two three go!’ ‘High five!’. “Must have heard the child’s name about 100 times today. They finally went inside at about 7, but not before I heard her say they’ll come back out tomorrow. “I’m cursing that pool. Before she got it they never went in the garden. They’ve lived next door for two years and I never heard a peep from them. “I don’t think the pool is even safe. It’s quite deep and she’s set up a slide going onto it. And then there’s the environmental impact of filling it up everyday.” READ MORE: UK fires: Serious blazes across Britain in heatwave The reaction from other users of the platform was undoubted, with 88 percent of those that read her complaint responding and branding the woman “unreasonable”. Only 12 percent of readers sympathised with the woman, opting to support her by voting “You are NOT unreasonable”. The reaction in the comments underneath was mixed, with some suggesting that her nightmare could end soon, as the hot weather will not last for long. Someone with the username ‘fighoney’ said: “It'll probably be raining in a few weeks” while another one under the username ‘sunglassesonthetable’ commented: “Don't worry it'll be raining soon.” DON'T MISS: UK washout: Exact time torrid 40C heatwave to be shattered by stormUK heatwave: Panic as raft of summer events cancelled amid 40C alerts Another user, ‘Classica’, disregarded the woman’s annoyance, saying: “You haven't heard a peep out of them in two years so I'd just grin and bear it. You sound irritated that they're finally using their garden! “Living in a terraced house means accepting that sometimes there'll be noise. Hope the 'naughty' boy has a delightful day in the pool tomorrow.” More users supported the child having fun, with ‘custardbear’ commenting: “Let them enjoy the nice weather and chill.” And ‘Louise0701’ agreeing: “Oh bore off. A toddler having fun in his own pool in his own garden. It’ll be raining again before we know it.”