Concerns have spread through the West since Vladimir Putin announced his “special military operation” that the conflict could spill outside the borders of Ukraine. Russian state television channels have, on countless occasions, broadcasted commentators who insist that control over Kyiv should only be seen as a starting point. A billboard has now emerged somewhere in Russia which suggests Putin should next turn to North America. Belarusian news agency Nexta shared a photo on Twitter of a sign which shows a map of preferred Russian control. An inscription on the map reads: “Alaska is ours.” Nexta commented: “Clown mental state in Russia without any changes.” The news agency did not provide information on the location of the billboard or whether it is a one-off. Lifeline Ukraine founder Paul Niland said the billboard raised a “serious question”. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “How long can the Russians keep all these plates spinning? “The rhetoric just keeps getting more absurd.” READ MORE: Dr Shola unleashes unhinged rant as Boris resigns Channel One Russia presenter Olga Skabeyeva also last month suggested nuclear strikes could be used on London and Washington. Amid rising rhetoric around the globe, the new head of the British Army has insisted troops should prepare themselves for a Third World War. General Sir Patrick Sanders said: "There is now a burning imperative to forge an Army capable of fighting alongside our allies and defeating Russia in battle. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] "We are the generation that must prepare the Army to fight in Europe once again.” At the same time, NATO has massively increased the size of its fast-response units in repose to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But some leaders have urged for there to be more in the way of negotiations for peace. A new poll suggested that almost half of German citizens believe Ukraine should be prepared to concede some of its territory to Russia in talks in order to bring the conflict to an end. Sixty-nine percent said that even if the West continues to send more and more weapons to Kyiv, a full victory is not possible. This was after an intelligence report by Ukrainian and Western officials showed Ukraine is outgunned 20 to one to Russia in artillery and 40 to one in ammunition.