Christian Eriksen has verbally agreed to join Manchester United in this summer's transfer window, according to reports. The Denmark international has been a free agent since the end of his Brentford contract. And, now, a move to Old Trafford awaits. Manchester United want to revamp their midfield this summer, particularly after the departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba on free transfers. And The Athletic say Eriksen, who suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer, is now set to move after 'verbally agreeing' to move to Old Trafford. Eriksen has told United he wants to play for them, despite Brentford also being keen to keep him. Leicester, Everton and Tottenham have all been linked with the playmaker in recent weeks. The Red Devils have offered the Denmark international a three-year contract, believed to include an offer of a weekly salary of £150,000-a-week. United are now in the process of drafting up a formal contract and, if that is finalised, he'll then undergo a medical. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez It’s claimed that while this is a normal process, it’s also a ‘significant hurdle that needs to be navigated’. Few expected the playmaker to ever grace the field again when he collapsed on the pitch during Denmark’s match with Finland last year. But Eriksen trained under Erik ten Hag at Ajax before moving to Brentford in January, where he scored once and clocked up four assists from 14 league games. Eriksen was fitted with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator after the scare a year ago, which forced Inter Milan to let him go due to Serie A rules. And, now, a blockbuster move to United is on the cards as they seek an improved campaign - having finished sixth in the table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Eriksen isn’t the only player United are pushing to sign. They’re on the verge of snapping up Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord, having gazumped Lyon in the race to snap up the 22-year-old - who has now undergone a medical at Carrington. United remain confident they’ll get a deal for Frenkie de Jong over the line, despite Barcelona recently insisting he wasn’t for sale. At centre-back, the Red Devils are aiming to beat Arsenal to Lisandro Martinez - who has spent the last three years playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. And they could also raid the Dutch giants for Antony, too, particularly if Cristiano Ronaldo ends up jumping ship amid links to Chelsea and Bayern Munich. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Former Rangers and Aston Villa boss Alex McLeish recently gave his verdict on the 30-year-old moving to United. And he said: “For me, it’s a no-brainer. If they can get Christian, take him in a heartbeat. “I still feel that United are nickel and diming a little bit. With the manager, there have been some players Man United have been linked with that I think: ‘No’. “I just cannot see progress for Man United in that respect when I see some of the names linked with them. “This is what Ten Hag will find is the most difficult part of his career and life, recruitment. “If he and the recruitment guys don’t recruit the guys that can take Man United to another level then I’m sorry, it’s going to be the same old, same old.” 