Sophie is best known for playing Holly Barton on Emmerdale, the daughter of Moira Barton (played by Natalie J Robb) and John Barton (James Thornton) and the sister of her two brothers, Adam Barton (Adam Thomas) and Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano). In September 2016, the character died of a drug overdose as the young woman's struggles with addiction came to the forefront of the ITV soap. Over the past few months, the circumstances surrounding her death have been revisited with newcomer Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough). As her character is drawn back into the drama, Sophie has been taking a backseat from her career recently as last year she started her own family. Yes, Sophie does have a partner as she is in a relationship with Mark Waters, who is best known for his roles behind the camera. Mark is a director and cinematographer and the pair enjoy travelling together across the world and in the UK as they post many beach pictures on social media. It is reported the loved-up couple are in a long-term relationship but it is not known how long they have been together. The pair have worked together on several projects, with Sophie explaining in an interview in 2020 how she had been taking on a role behind the camera. Sophie explained: "I’ve been an associate producer on a feature film that my boyfriend has just made which is coming out soon. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast presenters 'shed a tear' for Sue Barker over last match "It’s been incredible to see how much work goes on behind the scenes. To see people’s ideas come to life... It’s like magic," she added. "And yes, I really love it. I love all of it from performing to being a runner, driver, production assistant, producer. "I also do voiceover work and I do a lot of writing. I feel lucky that I have the opportunity to do lots of other things and I am not just sat waiting for auditions," Sophie explained to Music Promotions. Just last year, the couple announced they were expanding their family as Sophie revealed to her followers on social media she was pregnant. It was in June last year that the former Emmerdale star made the announcement as she posted a picture of herself and her blossoming bump looking at the ocean. Captioning the image, she wrote in view of her 22,400 followers: "And so the adventures of us three begin." Just a few short months later, the couple's young daughter arrived as she also posted an image of the baby's feet. Sophie explained: "Nearly a month ago our little girl joined us. You are Magic," and since then, the child's name has been revealed. The couple decided to name their first child together Marli Ocean Waters, a homage seemingly to their mutual interest in travelling. Mark also posted a picture on his Instagram profile, stating: "Marli Ocean Waters, I can’t believe I get to be your dad. DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] "I will spend the rest of my life, showing you how much I love you. Your Mum is pretty cool too," the cinematographer said. Although Sophie originally left her role on Emmerdale in 2012, she returned in 2016 for her character's final storyline. It was whilst she was travelling the world with Mark that she decided to make her comeback, four years after Holly was last seen. Speaking on her eventual exit seven months after reprising her role, the actress said: "It’s been challenging to highlight drug addiction and it’s a very serious and stark warning to show the devastating effects it can have on people. "Holly was a normal girl from a normal family who went down the road of drug-taking and drug abuse and it wasn’t because of bad parenting, or neglect, or lack of education. "She was a girl who made a bad decision and that decision could have been made by anybody," the soap actress continued to explain. "I hope it raises awareness and hopefully it gets more help for people who are struggling with addiction. In fact not just drug addiction but all types of addiction. "It’s a mental illness and people really do need help and even if this prevents just one person from going down that path it’s worth showing it," she told The Mirror. Following Suzy's arrival in the village, it was revealed she had given Holly the money for the drugs which resulted in her overdose. The secret will come out in the coming weeks and months, with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) learning the truth in this week's scenes. Talking about what she took away from playing Holly, the soap star said: "I feel extremely grateful to have had the opportunity to do my dream job for so long. "There aren’t many acting jobs where you get to work for so long. "It’s three months here or a month there or a quick week, I just really felt so grateful to have had three and a half years doing what I love and being on set all day every day. "I took away a lot of gratitude and, I honestly think that soap actors are some of the most talented and hard-working people. Especially the cast and crew at Emmerdale who are the most lovely, down-to-earth, hardworking group of people. "And it sounds a bit cliche and cheesy, but we were like family and I think that is what I took away from it. Just really liked how lucky I was," she told Music Promotions. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.