Will Ferrell is a very funny man. He gave us comedy greats from Elf and Anchorman to Talladega Nights. But just like most other Hollywood comics, a turkey occasional comes around – and this one did in time for Christmas. Just under four years ago, Ferrell reteamed with his Step Brothers co-star John C Reilly to make a comedy version of Sherlock Holmes simply called Holmes and Watson. The film spent years in development hell with Sacha Baron Cohen set to play the great detective with the Anchorman star as his sidekick. However, in the end, Ferrell took Holmes and Reilly played Watson in a plot seeing the duo seeking the culprit behind a threat to Buckingham Palace. Released at Christmas 2018, the movie was slammed by critics, with some calling it the worst film of the year. Holmes and Watson was lambasted as being unfunny, with dated jokes, having a poor script and for being a terrible waste of a great cast, which included the likes of Rob Brydon, Steve Coogan, Ralph Fiennes and Kelly Macdonald in supporting roles. The movie holds a 10 per cent positive score on Rotten Tomatoes and made $41.9 million worldwide on a budget of $42 million, presumably before advertising costs. There were even multiple reports of audiences walking out of showings of the turkey, which won four Golden Raspberry Awards including Worst Picture. It's not surprising given that Deadline reported that test screening scores prior to release had been so bad that Sony unsuccessful tried to sell the movie to Netflix. READ MORE: Guess which new movie is set for a whopping $100 MILLION loss? In the end, Netflix picked up Holmes and Watson in late 2020, before removing the movie in May 2021. But now it’s back once again and film fans have been taking to IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes to slam it. Fbkjcw wrote on IMDB in a 1/10 review: “Absolutely the worst thing I've ever seen. Big budget, big names but the writing and acting was atrocious. Don't even bother wasting your time - I wish I hadn't. Bob A wrote on Rotten Tomatoes in a 0.5 star review: Will Ferrell needs some better material and a different character. He seems to play the same role over and over ad nauseam." DON'T MISSHolmes & Watson reviews: 'Lazy DISGRACE' has ZERO on Rotten Tomatoes [REVIEWS]James Bond Tombstone Tour review: No Time To Die 007 death spot hike [REVIEW]Darth Vader ‘back for more Star Wars’ after Hayden Christensen return [STAR WARS] Boblipton also gave it 1/10, saying: “This movie is as bad as its awful reputation … It is sloppily written, and nothing about it gives any impression that anyone behind the camera put more than minimal thought into the movie. There are shots that are out of focus. There are also urine jokes, sexual assault jokes, and other examples of juvenile humour … I've wasted an hour and a half watching this piece of garbage and another ten minutes writing this. That's more than enough”. Is it that bad? Check Holmes and Watson out and let us know in the comments. SOURCE