Manchester United's hopes of keeping Cristiano Ronaldo have been boosted by Chelsea's decision to avoid pushing for his signature over the course of this summer, according to reports. Ronaldo is thought to be keen on leaving Old Trafford over the coming weeks and has been linked with a handful of top European clubs since failing to report for pre-season training earlier this month. Chelsea are said to be among the sides to have taken a liking to Ronaldo and have been tipped to challenge the likes of Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain for his signature before the new Premier League campaign gets underway. However, it seems as though the Blues have now cooled their interest in snapping up the United man in order to prioritise the addition of at least one new defender, according to The Mirror.The west Londoners have already struck an agreement with Napoli to land Kalidou Koulibaly, who is set to undergo a medical in England on Thursday. They are expected to return to the market for another centre-back in the near future, though, with Presnel Kimpembe and Nathan Ake said to be among the names currently on their radar.The situation is thought to have left Ronaldo with a shortage of options as he looks to force a move away from United between now and the start of next season. Bayern Munich have already ruled themselves out of the running, while PSG reportedly met with his agent, Jorge Mendes, earlier this week but are not said to be planning a move for the 37-year-old at this stage. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'makes decision on £210m offer' as Man Utd change stance It remains to be seen whether Ronaldo will eventually end up staying at United, who are believed to be keen on keeping him on their books for the season ahead. He remains tied down to the Red Devils until next summer after penning a two-year deal upon his arrival from Juventus but is said to have grown frustrated over the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League at the end of the previous campaign.Ronaldo scored 24 goals in all competitions at club level last season and is seemingly at the forefront of Erik ten Hag's plans in spite of the forward's continued absence from their overseas pre-season tour. The United boss recently insisted that he will not be looking to get rid of Ronaldo any time soon when quizzed on his immediate future at Old Trafford earlier this week. "We are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo for the season and that's it and I'm looking forward to working with him," Ten Hag told reporters."I have read but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale, he is in our plans and we want success together. I spoke with him before this issue came up, I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk. That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.