In her role as president of The Royal Star and Garter Homes, Princess Alexandra will re-open the newly refurbished gardens and re-name two floors of the Home. The Brighton-based charity provides care to veterans and their partners living with disability or dementia. Alexandra, the Queen’s first cousin, has had a long-standing relationship with the organisation, after becoming its President in July 1964. The 85-year-old has been an active working royal since the Fifties and often stands in for the Queen, representing the 96-year-old monarch at events both in the UK and around the world. And following the stepping back of Prince Andrew, shock exit of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, and tragic death of Prince Philip, lesser-known royals such as Alexandra have been pushed further into the spotlight. Alexandra — the only daughter of Prince George, Duke of Kent and Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark — has two children, James and Marina, who do not have royal titles as their father, the Honourable Angus Ogilvy, is a commoner. James, 58, and Marina, 55, largely stay out of the limelight, but back in 1989, a furious row between Marina and her parents made the papers after at the age of 23 she fell pregnant out of wedlock. READ MORE: Duran Duran gig target of 'shocking' IRA plot to 'kill Diana and Charles' She later went to the press, claiming that her parents had cut her off so she had written to her “Dear Cousin Lilibet” for help. The royal told the tabloid Today that she did not dare return to her parent's home in case she was kept against her will. She said the father of her baby was then-26-year-old photographer Paul Mowatt, with whom she shared a suburban home outside London. Marina claimed detectives had warned Mr Mowatt that he would be arrested if he were seen near Alexandra and Angus’ home. She told Today that her parents had tried to force her into marrying her boyfriend immediately or getting an abortion, speaking of the furious confrontation with her mother and father, she quoted Alexandra as saying: “You have got two options — either you get it aborted straight away or we arrange for you to get married this week by special license.” However, the royal insisted that she did not want to marry Mr Mowatt until after the baby was born. When she refused both options, Alexandra and Angus allegedly disowned her and cut off her funds — a trust fund (believed to be approximately £130,000) and her monthly allowance (believed to be approximately £350). Marina added: “Dad said there hadn’t been an illegitimate birth in the royal family for 150 years. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [BLOG]Kate and Prince William blasted as ‘out of touch’ monarchists [INSIGHT]Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to final [INFO] “When I said to him: ‘Look, I am your daughter, what comes first, queen and country or your daughter?’ he said: ‘Queen and country.’ She explained that she had written to Queen Elizabeth II because “I know she is a wise and caring woman. I just hope she can help my parents see sense.” The 23-year-old even claimed that her parents had tried to trick her into getting an abortion during a doctor’s appointment, telling Today: “We [Marina and Paul] are sure that the surgery tried to fix an abortion and pretend it was a routine examination.” Marina then went to the BBC, appealing to her mother to change her mind. During the interview, Marina said: “I want you to really stand by me and love me as a mother. “We believe that we are doing the right thing and it’s what we want to do.”  Paul, who was holding her hand, added: “I don’t agree that Marina should be pushed up the aisle into, as such, a shotgun wedding.” Meanwhile, her parents issued a statement in response to their daughter’s claims, saying that they loved her, had not cut her off and that she was welcome home at any time. A spokesman for the couple said: “They are concerned at the number of inaccuracies. “In particular, they have not ‘cut off’ their daughter. Marina is always welcome at her home. “They love her very much and feel deeply for her at this difficult time.” Despite prior insistence, Marina and Paul did get married in February 1990 — a few months before the daughter was born, suggesting that Alexandra and Angus got their way. However, in what has been described as a stance against the traditions of the Royal Family, the bride skipped the usual frothy white confection and walked down the aisle in a black velvet number with a matching black hat. Their daughter, Zenouska Mowatt, was born in May 1990. Three years later, the couple had their second child, a son called Christian. Marina and Paul were married until 1997 when the pair decided to divorce. She chooses to stay out of the spotlight and has made only a handful of public appearances in the last few years.