Oprah Winfrey, 68, announced on Saturday that her father, Vernon Winfrey, has died aged 88 in his home city of Nashville, Tennessee. Oprah confirmed that she was with him when he passed away, along with other members of his family. In a tribute shared to her 21.3 million Instagram followers, Oprah posted a clip of Vernon being serenaded by gospel singer, Wintley Phipps, just last week.Alongside the video, she penned: “Vernon Winfrey 1933-2022. “Less than a week ago we honored my father in his own backyard. My friend and gospel singer Wintley Phipps saluted him with song.  “He FELT the love and reveled in it until he could no longer speak. READ MORE:Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers “Yesterday with family surrounding his bedside, I had the sacred honor of witnessing the man responsible for my life, take his last breath.  “We could feel Peace enter the room at his passing. That Peace still abides. All is well. Thank you for your prayers and good thoughts.” (sic)Since Oprah announced the sad news, thousands of her friends and followers took to the comments to offer their messages of condolence.The official account for Oprah Daily said: “Rest In Peace Mr. Winfrey. What a beautiful tribute in person and through the written word.” Presenter Nischelle Turner echoed: “We lift his name in honor right along with you. May God’s grace and mercy surround you and your family.”Oprah’s colleague Joseph Zambrano penned: “Beautiful tribute to Mr. Winfrey. Rest In Peace.”And model Lily Aldridge added: “I’m sorry for your loss. Sending love and prayers to you and your family.”Last week, Oprah shared that her father was battling cancer. DON'T MISSChristian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Pauline Collins’ heartbreaking battle with giving daughter up[LATEST]Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up[NEWS] In an effort to honour him, Oprah held a Vernon Winfrey Appreciation Day on July 4 where loved ones gathered for a barbecue.Sharing an insight into the celebrations, the media legend stood in front of a camera and said: “My father is ill and so we wanted to be able to have all of his friends come and celebrate him while he’s still able to receive the joy.”Gayle King, who is Oprah’s close friend, then asked: “How is he feeling today? Do you think he is excited?”Oprah replied: “He doesn’t even know that this is for him, he thinks this is a Fourth of July thing. He doesn’t know that it’s really for him.” Mr Winfrey was born in Greenville, Mississippi in 1933.He served in the US Army during the Korean War and later worked as a barber.During her childhood, Oprah split her time between her father in Mississippi and in Milwaukee with her late mother, Vernita Lee.