Nick Kyrgios will go into today's Wimbledon final feeling fresh after he was given a by in the semi finals. The Australian was meant to face Rafael Nadal, but the Spaniard was forced to pull out due to injury. Kyrgios' run to the final has been marred by accusations by his ex-girlfriend that he assaulted her. He has been summoned to appear in a Canberra court back home in Australia next month as a result of the allegations. He is a controversial character in the world of tennis, as is Novak Djokovic. In January, Kyrgios discussed his relationship with Djokovic, saying they used to be friends before the media "divided " them. His comments came amid controversy about Djokovic's vaccination status and positive Covid test at the Australian open. Kyrgios said: “I don’t know if we’re on talking terms. That’s the funny thing. Me and Novak actually used to be like friends, used to practice at events. And again, the media has kind of divided us, as well Like they have just blown it out of proportion with some things, and now it’s almost made it 30 times worse where it really wasn’t that bad "Like I remember Novak was actually one of the only players when I was young that came towards me and said, If you ever need anything, like, feel free to reach out and I’ll be open to help. "And we continued to practice together in Rome. Like I had a great story. I forgot my practice shoes one day in Rome and ended up playing in Air Force 1s and actually beat him in a set. "You know, I mean, I feel like he’s helped us as well. Like during the bushfires, he was supportive, he was helping us out. We are so quick to forget I feel like, or the media is so quick to forget or so quick to jump on things like this and forget he’s actually helped us, like he’s reached out. He didn’t have to do that. Most athletes wouldn’t do that. They’re selfish, most athletes are. "So I don’t forget that. I just feel like it’s – like I could use this as a publicity stunt, like I could just agree with the general person and say, ‘Yeah, like, this isn’t good’ and use it. But I don’t think that’s right. "That’s why I’m using my platform now to say we’ve got to do better, we have to do better.” READ MORE: Serena Williams drops hint she could play doubles with Andy Murray The verbal sparring between the pair can be traced all the way back to a 2019 No Challenges Remaining podcast. On it, Kyrgios said: "I just feel like he (Djokovic) has a sick obsession with wanting to be liked. He just wants to be like Roger (Federer). For me personally — I don't care right now, I've come this far — I feel like he just wants to be liked so much that I just can't stand him. "This whole celebration thing (blowing kisses to the crowd) that he does after matches, it's like so cringeworthy. "(But) we're talking about a guy who pulled out of the Australian Open one year because it was too hot. No matter how many Grand Slams he wins, he will never be the greatest for me. DON'T MISSJohanna Konta steps up Wimbledon preparations as she plots title chaseWimbledon nightmare as Russia claim Moscow-born finalist as their ownNovak Djokovic's wife Jelena aims swipe at him as she reacts to critic "Simply because, I've played him twice and like, I'm sorry, but if you can't beat me, you're not the greatest of all time." The Covid pandemic strained their relationship – in 2021, Kyrgios described the world number one as a "tool" on social media. Djokovic then said he doesn't have much respect off the court for the outspoken Aussie. Kyrgios then hit back, calling him "a very strange cat" and saying that he wouldn't take any criticism from "someone partying with his shirt off in a pandemic."