Carol Klein was back with another episode of Gardening with Carol Klein on Channel 5 earlier this evening. The gardening expert was showing viewers how to look after their growing cucumber plants to get a bigger and better harvest. It was Charles Darwin in 1865 who noted that spiralling tendrils of the cucumber plant allow it to act in un-plantlike ways. By reaching for and grasping support, then hoisting it toward the sun, tendrils allow the plant to move and grow bigger and stronger. Carol has several cucumber plants in her greenhouse, with tendrils going a little awry. “Now, this lot here, one packet of seeds that I sowed eight weeks ago, and it looks like we’re going to have a prolific crop,” she remarked about rows of large cucumber plants. READ MORE: Win a £250 B&Q card - to spend on your gardening needs. “The great thing is, even at this stage, you can see the cucumber - look at this tiny thing behind the flower. “Here’s the flower, here’s the fruit, and eventually we’ll have really decent [sized] cucumbers. “But to support that kind of weight, tendrils will help, but also, I need these strings.” Carol fetched a step ladder to reach the top of her greenhouse, where she would be tying the string. The first step was giving the string an anchor. DON'T MISS...McDonald’s: ‘I tried the new Spanish menu, here's what I thought!' [REVIEW]How to clean a radiator: 4 steps to removing dust and dirt inside [VIDEO]Keep lemons firm and juicy for 4 weeks with easy food storage hack [EXPERT] Carol explained: “All I’ve done is tie a big long piece of string, right around the top of the pot [that the cucumber sits in].” She had then left the excess string to go upwards to a bamboo cane she had propped horizontally across her greenhouse frame. Gently pulling the string from the pot, she wanted to tie it onto the bamboo cane, parallel. “I want that [the string] to be reasonably taught,” she added. As for why she placed the string in this manner, “the tendrils [from the cucumber plant] will come out and latch onto the string”. READ MORE: Homeowners urged to check homes for 'new cracks' as subsidence surges “If I’ve got side shoots on the cucumber too, and I decided I want them to shoot [and produce fruit] too, we can do some sort of cross supports, like a cucumber macrame!” Having climbed down the ladder, Carol was in search of some “shorter pieces of string” to attach the cucumber tendrils to the taught, vertical string. “You just gently lift the cucumber tendril up, and tie the end [onto the taught piece of string, using a short piece of string],” she explained. “You just have to be gentle at this stage.” Carol also had a general tip for gardeners: “Whenever you’re supporting anything if you tie tightly onto the support, and the gently around the stem around the plant that you’re supporting. “When you tie this, just do it under a leaf node, and I’m just going to do my usual bows, because then if I need to undo these at any time, it’s really easy, really straightforward. “I’m going to do a couple more, just to get it going, just to set it on the right track. “It [the plant] probably doesn’t need them, but I’ll put one here [towards the bottom of the tendril] because that will make it even stronger. “All these flowers will open, and we’ll have so many cucumbers, we won’t know what to do with them!”