Will Smith has addressed his three-month absence from the public eye in an emotional new video, apologising once again for slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars. The actor denied his wife Jada Pinkett Smith encouraged him to do it, and said he had reached out to Rock but had been rejected. He answered a series of questions that had reportedly been asked several times by fans. The first was: “Why didn't you apologise to Chris in your acceptance speech?” Smith replied: “I was fogged out by that point, it’s all fuzzy. “I've reached out to Chris and the message that came back is that he is not ready to talk, and when he is, he will reach out. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong' “So I will say to you, Chris, I apologise to you. My behaviour was unacceptable and I'm here whenever you're ready to talk.” Smith continued: “I want to apologise to Chris's mother, I saw an interview that Chris's mother did. “And that was one of the things about that moment, I just didn't realise, I wasn't thinking about how many people got hurt in that moment. “So I want to apologise to Chris's mother, I want to apologise to Chris's family, specifically Tony Rock, we had a great relationship, Tony Rock was my man, and this is probably irreparable.”  He added: “I spent the last three months replaying and understanding the nuances and the complexities of what happened in that moment. “There's no part of me that thinks that's the optimal way to handle feelings of disrespect or insults.” The next question was: “After Jada rolled her eyes did she tell you to do something?” Smith replied: “No. I made a choice on my own, from my own experiences, from my history with Chris, Jada had nothing to do with it - I’m sorry, babe.” DON'T MISS... Devastated Declan Donnelly carries brother's coffin at funeral [PICTURES]Wagatha Christie judge defends Rebekah Vardy against 'vile abuse'[UPDATE] ‘Irreparable’ Will Smith addresses Oscars 'trauma' emotional new video [LATEST] He also said sorry to his fellow nominees in the Best Actor category, the award he ended up winning on that fateful night. “This is a community, I won because you voted for me, and it really breaks my heart to have stolen and tarnished your moment.” The next question read: “What would you say to the people who looked up to you before the slap or people who expressed that you let them down?” Smith said: “Disappointing people is my central trauma. I hate when I let people down, so it hurts. “It hurts me psychologically and emotionally to know I didn't live up to people's image and impression of me, and the work I'm trying to do is, I am deeply remorseful and I'm trying to be remorseful without being ashamed of myself. “I'm a human, and I made a mistake, and I'm trying not to think of myself as a piece of s**t.” He added: “I  know it was confusing, I know it was shocking, but I promise you, I am deeply devoted and committed to putting light and love and joy into the world. "And if you hang on, I promise we'll be able to be friends again.”