Below Deck Mediterranean fans were in a frenzy after an onboard romance was revealed. They have since slammed the behaviour of one half of the couple for "playing games" with the other. Season seven of the hit Bravo reality series is off to a smashing start and the revelation of an onboard romance has fans glued to the screen. Following the latest episode, one half of the yachtie couple has been criticised for toying with the other as viewers disapprove of what they are seeing. Natasha Webb and Dave White opened up about their budding romance after audiences started to notice the two getting close. The chef and chief stew mixed business with pleasure when they decided to take things to the next level in their relationship. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Taking to twitter to share their thoughts on the boating item, fans were less than impressed with how the chief stew handled her business. @val_u_mil passionately expressed: "Tasha is playing a lot of games. "Like how did you not expect this to get out? And you're sharing a cabin with him! "She gets off on this. Now as soon as Dave show someone else attention, she gonna trip." Commenting on the pair's X-rated antics, viewers disapproved of the couple's disregard for their colleagues and Natasha's decision. User @tonycfa wrote: "Yikes! Natasha wins the season's bad judgement award running straight back to the uptight, insecure chef Dave." In a battle of sides, the relationship has split the viewers into two camps with some running to the defence of the chef. @pls7180 tweeted: "Hope Dave can continue to put out all of this beautiful food while Natasha bats his heart around like a bored cat with a ball of yarn #belowdeckmed" DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's Natasha and Dave speak out on 'secret' fling [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med's Zee admits feeling 'traumatised' after season 7 chaos [INSIGHT]Are Natasha Webb and Natalya Scudder related on Below Deck Med? [INSIGHT] However, amidst the negative comments towards Natasha, there is no denying the drama of this season is going down a treat. Another Twitter user @whistlerluxury pointed out: "The drama!! I totally love it all!!" Episode three of the show's seventh series was titled "A Whole Yacht of Scandal" and it didn't fail to deliver. The synopsis indicated a confrontation of past relationships that could get complicated and crew members are forced to pick up the slack after an exterior teammate is worse for wear. Below Deck Mediterranean set sail for a new location and welcomed aboard a fresh set of crew members sure to rock the boat. Captain Sandy Yawn returned to steer the ship to safety and ensure charter guests never end up in hot water. This season's vessel of choice has already thrown up some challenges as it takes the cast and crew around the Maltese coastline. Watch Below Deck Mediterranean on Mondays, at 8/7c on Bravo.