Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) had numerous siblings but the only one viewers and readers meet in Outlander is his sister Jenny Murray (Laura Donnelly). Jenny and Jamie share the fiery Fraser temper but are nonetheless very close. Together they dealt with Captain Jack Black (Tobias Menzies), who caused much pain and trauma to all of the Fraser clan. Jamie’s older brother William was mentioned in the story with the Highlander telling Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) about his siblings. William referred to his younger brother Jamie as ’Sawny’ and even carved a toy snake for him out of wood. Throughout the years, Jamie held onto the toy snake his last memento of William, who tragically died aged 11 from smallpox. However, Jamie and Jenny had another sibling called Robert, who wasn’t mentioned very much either with some wondering about him. READ MORE: Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? Robert sadly died in childbirth with his mother Ellen Fraser, something all too common in this era. Her death left a huge hole in the Fraser family and indeed Lallybroch with Jenny having to assume the role of the estate’s matriarch. Brian, too, was left broken by both Ellen and Robert’s death, choosing not to re-marry after her death. In Diana Gabaldon’s novel An Echo in the Bone, Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton) saw Robert’s grave in the cemetery at Lallybroch where she and Roger (Richard Rankin) lived in the 1980s with their family. Despite Robert dying at birth, Brian - who was Catholic - insisted on his son being baptised. The gravestone was again mentioned in the novel Written in My Own Heart’s Blood when Brianna travelled through time and encountered her grandfather Brian in the past. Robert had parallels to Jamie and Claire’s first stillborn daughter Faith and her death was likely to have had poignancy for the hero given the death of his young son. American television network Starz recently confirmed Outlander was getting a prequel series charting the romance between Brian and Ellen. Given the timeline, actor Heughan has confirmed he won’t be featuring in the show much to fans’ disappointment. However, the forthcoming series will be shedding further light on Jamie’s parents and their torrid love affair which faced many obstacles. Both Ellen and Brian’s families were against the union and they fell pregnant to force a marriage between them, banking on the stigma of children outside of wedlock in the era to bring about a wedding. Even though viewers may not find out more about Robert - with his death also signalling the end of Ellen and the beginning of the Outlander timeline - William’s backstory is likely to be fleshed out. DON'T MISS...Sam Heughan movies and TV shows: What else has actor starred in? [INSIGHT]Cesar Domboy nationality: Where was Fergus Fraser star born? [EXPLAINER]Outlander continuity error: How old is Young Ian supposed to be? [ANALYSIS] Viewers will also meet a young Jamie, watching his growth and development into the character fans fell in love with in the Outlander series. So, there will be some interaction between William and Jamie with the former’s death having a big part to play. From the looks of it, there won’t be any time travel involved in the series but depending on the direction the writers want to take, this prequel could incorporate more fantastical elements rather than just making it a period piece. Speaking to Esquire UK about the series, actor and producer Heughan said: "All I can tell you is I’m not in it, as Jamie’s not in it.” He added: "I believe that it’s a prequel focusing on Jamie’s parents when they were younger, so I guess you might see a young version of him at some point." Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now