Ryan (played by Ryan Prescott) gets arrested next week on Coronation Street after an insurance scam with Debbie (Sue Devaney) goes awry. The pair have both been under pressure to pay off their mounting debts and ITV spoilers have revealed the businesswoman instructs Ryan to stage a break-in so she can make an insurance claim. Could Ryan be following Debbie's orders as they are having an affair together? Debbie needs to pay compensation money to Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) following his accident at her hotel. She knew Ryan was having financial problems and proposed they commit insurance fraud in a bid to pay off their debts. In upcoming scenes at The Bistro, Debbie instructs Ryan to stage a break-in so she can claim the insurance. When Debbie has second thoughts and tries to call off the dangerous plan, Ryan insists they need to go through with it. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin With Casino Night underway, Ryan tells Debbie he’s going to fuse the electrics and grab the money from the safe. Suddenly The Bistro is plunged into darkness and Debbie reluctantly helps with Ryan’s plan. Ryan hides the cash in his gym bag as The Bistro's customers head to The Rovers. However, he is stunned when Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) arrives so he quickly hides.  Ryan, clutching his bag of stolen cash, comes out from his hiding place and makes out to Leanne he’s just arrived. She later heads back to the pub to tell the customers Casino Night is back on. Ryan assures Debbie all the cash is stashed in his bedroom where no one will find it. Following the themed event, Leanne is horrified to discover the money has vanished and Debbie orders Ryan to call the police. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Eileen Grimshaw leaves after George betrayal [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Gary stabbed by Rick's associates [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Double exit from cobbles for Faye and Craig [LATEST] To Ryan and Debbie's horror, they are later told the CCTV in The Bistro has a backup circuit and will not have been affected by the power cut. Leanne watches the footage back and can clearly see Ryan committed the robbery. Ryan is arrested on suspicion of theft and Debbie is soon accused of orchestrating an insurance scam. He later calls Debbie from the police station following an interview with officers and threatens to drop her in it.  However, will he find it too hard to drag Debbie into the matter as he is in love with her? Have the pair been romantically involved with one another after bonding in recent weeks? Will Ryan tell the police he was coerced into the robbery by some dodgy men who threatened to kill him? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 