A flight attendant has shared hotel hacks many travellers will find indispensable, including one warning. Lauren Loois is a social media star and cabin crew professional with over 330k followers on her TikTok account, where she boasts nearly seven million hacks on her video. The travel and fashion influencer boasts 40k followers on her Instagram account, where she posts snaps from her travels around the world. She shared her "hotel hacks while staying in a hotel from a flight attendant." One pertinent tip involved never drinking out of glasses in your hotel. Lauren said: "Never drink out of glasses in a hotel room. Only use plastic-wrapped, single-use drinking cups." A number of undercover investigations have found the hygiene of hotel glasses lacking. READ MORE: 'Always, always pack it': Flight attendant's crucial packing tip - what to carry on plane One by KGO-TV found glasses were rarely changed when hotel rooms were being cleaned. Another expert, Adrian Hyzler, MD, has said: "I wouldn't be using the glasses in the room." Hotel guests can request clean glasses be brought to the room from the hotel's bar or restaurant. Lauren showed another clever use for paper cups if you have them in your hotel room. DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation [SHOCK] Genius flight attendant hotel room trick to create black-out blinds [TIP] Flight attendant divulges the best time of day to fly [TRAVEL EXPERT] She demonstrated how travellers can poke a hole in the top of a cup turned upside down. This can be used as a toothbrush holder, to save you from leaving your toothbrush on the side of the sink. Lauren advised a packing tip using another hotel room freebie, the shower cap. She said: "The shower cap can be used as shoe covers to keep your soles from getting dirt on other items in your bag." Another flight attendant detailed a hotel room hack to create black-out curtains. Victoria Leigh is a flight attendant based in California. She posts travel tips to her 81.4k followers on her TikTok account. She said: "If you're at a hotel and your curtains don't close all the way, here's a trick. "Go into your closet and grab one of the trouser hangers. "Take one side of the curtain and drape it over another and clip both sides of the hanger in place. Ta-da! No more light." Another flight attendant explained the best time of day to fly. Flight attendant, Caroline, 28, from Florida, runs the blog Blonde Voyage where she posts her travel guides. She said: "The earlier the better. I know you don't want to wake up at 3am to catch a 5am flight but I promise you the earlier you book a flight, the earlier your flight, is the smoother everything is going to go. "The more time that will leave for you to be rebooked on another flight if something does happen."