Boris Johnson's record while in office has been lauded by a radio caller who slammed the decision of Tory MPs to ditch their leader this week following a wave of high-profile cabinet resignations. The caller, Danielle from Hamstead in north London, praised Mr Johnson's handling of Brexit and his action to support those people placed on furlough during the Covid pandemic. Danielle told LBC's Andrew Pierce: "Boris Johnson has faced the most difficult few years, then probably any Prime Minister has had. "Ultimately he checked everything off the list, all the big problems off the list. "He got Brexit done, Covid he was the first one to get the vaccine out of the whole European Union. "To be honest, I don't agree with the furlough in lockdown, but he did support everyone, and there were lots of countries in the world and friends that I have across the world that never had any furlough benefits, never had a bounce-back loan.  "He provided all of that for us and probably that's why we have inflation now, but to be honest, he provided everything for our country." She added: "Now I just think like everyone in his cabinet there must be some ego involved some jealousy because I understand that there's been scandals, obviously that's wrong. "But you need to look at the big scheme of things and no one's perfect." Meanwhile, Rishi Sunak has thrown his hat into the ring to become Tory leader with a promise to rebuild trust following the tumultuous premiership of Mr Johnson. The former chancellor quit on Tuesday, helping to trigger an avalanche of ministerial resignations. He announced his bid on Twitter, saying: "Let's restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country." His move came as allies of former foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt, who was runner-up to Mr Johnson in 2019, said he was "virtually certain" to stand again this time. Meanwhile, Mr Johnson was continuing to resist demands to stand down as Prime Minister and hand over to his deputy, Dominic Raab, until a permanent successor is in place. Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] Mr Sunak released a glossy launch video in which he set out his family history, saying: "Our country faces huge challenges, the most serious for a generation. "And the decisions we make today will decide whether the next generation of British people will also have the chance of a better future." He has the backing of Commons Leader Mark Spencer, who said Mr Sunak has the "vision and the ability to take us through dark economic times". The Conservative MP for Sherwood told BBC Radio 4's PM programme: "Rishi's got the skills, he's got the ability, he's got the experience, and I think he's got the vision that we need to pull the country together and to get us moving in the right direction."