Kate Moss, 48, has explained why she felt compelled to testify in defence of her ex-boyfriend Johnny Depp, 59, at his trial against Amber Heard. Kate appeared via video call in court to insist the Pirates of the Caribbean actor was never violent towards her. During her testimony, Amber had claimed she feared Johnny would push her sister down the stairs during an argument. She told the jury this flashed through her mind because of a decades-old rumour that Johnny had done this to Kate - though Johnny has denied ever being violent towards a woman. Kate confirmed that this had never happened, and that she had simply slipped and fallen down some stairs, with Johnny assisting her afterwards. “I know the truth about Johnny,” said Kate. “I know he never kicked me down the stairs. “I had to say that truth,” she added to Lauren Laverne on BBC Radio 4’s Desert Island Discs. The supermodel had told the court back in May about the time her ex-beau came to her aid after she slipped down the stairs in Jamaica while they were on holiday. The British star has since addressed the accident and said Johnny sought medical treatment for her. Questioned by Johnny’s attorney, Benjamin Chew, Kate said: "No, he never pushed me, kicked me or threw me down any stairs. "He carried me to my room and got me medical attention." Johnny eventually won his case against Amber, with the court ruling she did defame him with a 2018 op ed she wrote in the Washington post. He was awarded $15 million in damages, but it was reduced to $10.35 million due to a Virginia law capping punitive damages. Kate and Johnny were reportedly introduced at New York hangout Café Tabac by columnist George Wayne when she was 20 and he was 31. They were pictured together at high-profile events including the Golden Globe Awards in 1995, the Cannes Film Festival in 1997, and premieres for the actor's films including Donnie Brasco and Don Juan DeMarco. In 1996, they were photographed on holiday with Noel Gallagher and his then wife Meg Matthews in Mustique in the Caribbean. In a rare interview with Vanity Fair in 2012, Kate said of their relationship: "There's nobody that's ever really been able to take care of me. “Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said... Like if I said, 'What do I do?', he'd tell me. “And that's what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust. Nightmare. Years and years of crying. Oh, the tears!" In a 1998 interview, Johnny said of their break-up: "I'm the one who has to take responsibility for what happened. "I was difficult to get on with, I let my work get in the way and I didn't give her the attention I should have done."