FX anthology series American Horror Stories makes its eagerly awaited return today (July 21). Fans will be getting eight new creepy parables to send shivers down their spines. Each episode will be a standalone story featuring various cast members. Express.co.uk takes a look at some of the stellar actors in the opening episode Dollhouse. Adult Spalding - Denis O'Hare American Horror Story veteran Denis O’Hare makes a comeback to Ryan Murphy’s AHS universe as a suitably creepy doll collector called Spalding, who kidnaps women to add to his collection. Award-winning star O’Hare is not only an actor but also a producer, singer, author and writer. Some of his other credits include Dallas Buyers Club, Garden State, The Proposal, and Michael Clayton. He’s most recently starred in The Nevers and The Accidental Wolf with upcoming projects including Butterfly in the Typewriter and In the Room. READ MORE: Who does Paris Jackson play in American Horror Stories? Young Houston Jax Towe Child actor Houston Jax Towe will be playing a suitably creepy boy in Dollhouse with the trailer confirming he is doll collector Spalding in his younger years. The actor has starred in the TV series Animal Kingdom and iCarly as well as films Goblin and The Deadbeats. Kristine Froseth After featuring in Netflix’s cancelled teen hit The Society, When the Street Lights Go On, and The First Lady, Norwegian actress Kristine Froseth makes her American Horror Stories debut. Abby Corrigan Abby Corrigan is no stranger to the horror genre after starring in the Stephen King series Castle Rock as well as Banshee. Matt Lasky Matt Lasky’s previous credits include NCIS: Los Angeles, Perry Mason and Fear The Walking Dead. Kenia Arias Up-and-coming star Kenia Arias is both an artist and singer with her previous projects including Netflix’s GLOW, Captain Marvel, Legion and Goliath. Simone Recasner Another relative newcomer is Simone Recasner, who was previously in The Big Leap and Sink Sank Sunk. Emily Morales-Cabrera Actress Emily Morales-Cabrera may be familiar thanks to her appearances in Hot Summer Daze, Danger Force, and Artificial. Maryssa Menendez Finally, American Horror Stories marks Maryssa Menendez’s biggest part to date after starring in HBO’s Minx. FX has also confirmed some big names joining the cast of American Horror Stories installment two in some of the other stories including Derrick Aguis, Genevieve Aitken, Cameron Cowperthwaite, Cody Fern, Max Greenfield, Nico Greetham and, Madison Iseman. Further casting includes Dominique Jackson, Judith Light, Raven Scott, Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Silva, Alicia Silverstone, Kyla Drew Simmons, Kyanna Simone, Bella Thorne, Anthony De La Torre, and Quvenzhané Wallis. The American network has announced more names will be revealed as the show goes on. DON'T MISS...How to watch American Horror Stories in the UK [EXPLAINER]American Horror Stories cast: Who is in the Hulu series? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in American Horror Stories on Hulu? [ANALYSIS] Some of the cast members are AHS alumni including Oscar-nominated actress Sidibe, who previously featured in Coven and Freak Show as well as Hotel and Apocalypse. Meanwhile, Fern will be back again for more American Horror Stories after featuring in season one’s episode Feral as well as starring in American Horror Story with appearances in Apocalypse and 1984. On the flip-side, American Horror Stories installment two will also feature some newcomers to the universe including Silverstone. Season one also featured the likes of Paris Jackson, Kaia Gerber and Matt Bomer. American Horror Stories installment 2 premieres on Hulu on July 21