Liverpool's Calvin Ramsay is set to miss out on an exciting debut for the Reds in their pre-season tie against bitter rivals Manchester United in Bangkok on Tuesday. The 18-year-old signed for the Merseyside giants last month for a fee of around £4million, which could rise to £6.5m with add-ons should he flourish at Anfield. With Neco Williams expected to join Nottingham Forest in a £16m deal, Ramsay will be one of the main back-ups for Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back alongside Joe Gomez and should play in domestic cup competitions and Champions League ties against weaker teams. But he will not be able to show Reds fans what he is made of against United, according to manager Jurgen Klopp - who has stated that Ramsay has a 'little injury'. “Unfortunately, Calvin is now not training with us in the moment, he has a little injury. Nobody knew, we found it when he did his medical check,” Klopp told Liverpool's official website. “Until today he has no problems but the medical department tells us if we don’t take care for that now, he will have a problem in the future. So, when you are that young then, of course, he has a long career ahead of him, so we are very responsible in these moments, so he didn’t train yet with the team but is doing a lot of fitness work. So, it will not take too long I think.” “So I didn’t see him yet in training but everything we saw about him, we heard about him, I heard from him: a fantastic boy. And what a player he is, what he did for Aberdeen last year, absolutely exceptional." Having first featured for the Dons at the age of just 16 years and eight months, Ramsay has racked up a total over 40 first-team appearances already in his short career. Klopp will hope that experience gets Ramsay off to a strong start and by the time he has learnt from Alexander-Arnold - who many believe to be the best right-back in the world - Liverpool fans may have another top Scottish player on their hands. And Klopp admitted as much when marvelling about his signing. "In his age group and you know the things we need from a full-back, he is as close as it gets to the things we want and is still a kid. So we really expect a lot from him in the long term," he continued. The FA Cup winners are set to take on their bitter rivals United for the first time since their 4-0 thrashing back in April. United have not scored a goal in all competitions against Liverpool for over a year, and their last win against the Reds in the league came all the way back in March 2018. It is a record that many Red Devils fans will want to put behind them, and with Erik ten Hag thoroughly impressing the United players in training so far, they will hope the tide could turn in their rivalry. Kick off in the pre-season friendly in Thailand is at 2pm BST on Tuesday, July 12.