Fern Britton, 64, has candidly opened up about her menopause symptoms and how she feels as though her “anger is at boiling point,” after previously considering herself an “accepting” person. Fern says although she feels the rage now, it took a while for that symptom to kick in.Speaking in a new interview, Fern explained: “It took a long time to find the rage and the anger because life was, sort of, hurtling along and there were all sorts of things going on in my life.“I am very good at burying it all, accepting things and smiling and getting on with it. That is something therapy has taught me!“But now, my anger is at boiling point. I am red hot about all sorts of things,” she told hosts Trish and Lorraine on the Postcards From Midlife podcast. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband The former This Morning presenter then discussed her symptoms when she was perimenopausal and her experience taking HRT.She continued: “My life was a bit of a turmoil at that point. I was about 47 or 48 and all these things were bubbling up in my mind.“I went to have a blood test...and I was put immediately on HRT and the brain fog lifted...you feel so much better in the head and I got a bit more energy back.”Although taking HRT helped her enormously, Fern says she still has the “really horrible” sweating. Fern also revealed that she had a hysterectomy five or six years ago because she had “enormous fibroids”.However, after the routine operation Fern found herself in intense pain and unable to walk because she contracted sepsis.Doctors then discovered that she was suffering from E.coli, had developed several abscesses and then contracted pneumonia which resulted in a collapsed lung.Speaking to Prima magazine earlier this year, Fern explained that she “was fighting for her life”. DON'T MISSLily James, 33, looks unrecognisable in stunning gothic transformation[PICTURES]‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update[INSIGHT]'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco[LATEST] Her then husband, Phil Vickery, pleaded for medical help and Fern was taken back into hospital for emergency surgery.Recalling the terrifying experience, she said: “On the night of the procedure, I was resigned to dying.“The theatre nurse offered to put a plaster over my wedding ring. Instead, I took off my ring and gave it to my daughter, who was with me.“I hated the thought of them taking it from my dead body to give to her. So, I said, ‘You look after it for me.’”