The incident took place on a northbound stretch of the M61 near Bolton. Photographs from the scene showed the cyclist riding on the hard shoulder against the direction of traffic. The cyclist can then be seen making their way towards a reversing National Highways vehicle. A 61-year-old driver from Bolton who witnessed the dangerous incident told Manchester Evening News: "I was in my car travelling back from Manchester towards Bolton and had pulled off onto the slip road. "I was heading northbound and came around a corner and there he was. “He was peddling at the time and was wearing a helmet. READ MORE: Drivers to save money every time they charge their EV after new law "It was just bizarre and dangerous. “The bike appeared to be heavily loaded as if he was heading somewhere. "Obviously I couldn't stop so I don't know whether the police were called or what happened to him. "The motorway was reasonably quiet at the time but he was clearly putting himself and others in danger." DON'T MISS Petrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Super-rare £1m Ferrari caught speeding at 124mph [WARNING] Drivers urged to be careful when switching to EVs [REVEAL] The Highway Code does not permit cyclists or pedestrians to travel on motorways and cyclists may face a fine for doing so. A statement later released by National Highways revealed that they had spoken to the cyclist at the scene and that he had been "confused". A spokesman said: "It seems to have been a case of the cyclist getting confused and entering the carriageway via the slip road from East Lancashire Road. “Traffic officers spotted him and then escorted him back down the slip road and safely back onto the East Lancashire Road." READ MORE: Millions of drivers warned of fines and points for driving on motorway The news comes after a cyclist who jumped a red light and almost collided with an oncoming car only received a verbal warning from the police. The incident was witnessed by an unmarked police car last month. The motorist in control of the approaching vehicle was forced to perform evasive action to avoid the cyclist. A local police officer took to Facebook after the incident to warn cyclists. Writing on the Fareham Cops Facebook page, they said: "Just when you think you've seen it all before. "Whilst out on patrol today I was behind a cyclist who went straight through a red light at lane-controlled roadworks and into the path of an oncoming car. "Thankfully, the driver saw what was happening and gave room for the cyclist to pass by. "After being stopped and given a verbal warning, they were sent on their way. “Explained that not seeing the red light (or the marked police car) does not cut the mustard. "Cyclists are one of the most vulnerable users of the roads and the rules are there for a reason. “Aside from potentially being issued with £50 Fixed Penalty Notice, getting seriously hurt or killed on a road for the sake of waiting a couple of minutes at the red light just isn't worth the risk. "The rules apply to ALL road users, including cyclists."