Wondering how much water tomato plants need? It's a question any budding fruit and vegetable gardener invested in getting a healthy crop of tomatoes will ask – but the answer is far from definitive. Garden experts advise that the level of water you need depends on your plant's size and growing conditions. Margaret McCoy, an R&D Agronomist and Ph.D. for True Organic explained: “The best way to attend to plants, whether it is watering or fertilising, is to do it in smaller doses, often.” She also recommends watering in the morning and focusing the water on the plant roots. The expert said: “It is one thing to know when to plant tomatoes, but knowing when to water them is equally important to their growth. “Taking the time to water tomato plants in the morning and at night, not in the heat of the day, will allow your plants to go through their natural cycle throughout the day without any added stress.” READ MORE: Plants to prune now to ‘keep healthy’ and ‘encourage new growth’ Margaret explains that watering your tomato plants means focusing on your roots, not the plant visible above ground. She said: “Intend your water applications towards the roots. “This will save you from causing unnecessary humidity inside the plant canopy, which may lead to a microclimate that is conducive to other diseases or pests that may harm your plant.” Similarly, if you water your leaves in the midday heat, the sun may cause burns on your leaves from the magnifying properties of water. DON'T MISS: Home decor features that ‘decrease’ property value by £14,000 [EXPERT]Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [TIPS]‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ [INSIGHT] So how much water do tomato plants need? While it is hard to find an exact formula, these expert-approved answers is a failsafe place to start. Get tomato watering levels right, and this could explain why tomato leaves are turning yellow and why they could be splitting too. Margaret explained that there is no “one size fits all answer” – so gardeners should check their plants and soil daily to see how they respond. She said: “I water our tomatoes one to two times a day with the hose, but you may need to spend a few extra minutes on hot and sunny days to bring your plants back from the stress state they may go into.” READ MORE: How to clean your mattress and ‘kill’ dust mites using baking soda Margaret suggests watering tomatoes based on how much moisture you have in your soil. You can assess this by looking at your leaves or if your plant appears “droopy”. If soil is still moist at the end of the day, then it may be best to wait until the morning before watering. However, younger plants may demand more water. The expert explained: “They are not as established in the root, and they don't have the ability to source what they need when in a stressful environment. “As they mature, this becomes less of a dramatic issue, and more of a slight issue (in terms of the plant's visual state).” However, it is important not to overwater tomato plants as it makes it harder for air to reach the roots, which is essential for growth. Margaret said: “These plants need water and air just like humans. If you have too much water, think of how that affects you. It's not a pleasant way to be.” The expert warns that overwatering is most common when plants are still small as they have less soil around them. So, for gardeners experimenting with container plants, it is important to watch watering levels.