Strike action will define the remaining days of July this year as several unions prepare to negotiate pay on workers' behalves. Inflation has caused a real-term pay cut for most Britons, who must also struggle with a broadly more expensive cost of living. Rail workers have resolved to take action this week as more than 40,000 across the UK agree to withhold their services. The Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union, which delivered strikes across the UK's rail industry last month, will do so again this week. RMT chiefs confirmed over the weekend that they would support workers from 15 train companies as they walk out from Wednesday, July 27. Their action will pair with similar plans from the ASLEF and Transport Salaried Staffs Association (TSSA), who have also pledged walkouts. READ MORE: Travel chaos: UK to grind to a halt AGAIN – ALL you need to know Scheduled strikes will rock the UK on July 27 and Saturday, July 30, with disruption also likely on the days following. Network Rail is among the train operators that will face disruption this week, but July 27 will see all of them affected in some respect. People can expect a "very limited" timetable and approximately 20 percent of services functional on the day. Network Rail has confirmed its trains will start later and finish earlier than usual. The rail organisations impacted by the RMT's action include: TSSA has announced its members at Avanti West Coast will strike alongside their fellow workers with the RMT on July 27. The following Saturday, July 30, will see train drivers' union ASLEF coordinate another day of action. Affected rail companies will include: Some sections of the London Underground will suffer from the strikes at points under Network Rail's jurisdiction. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said workers would exercise their right to strike as Network Rail have "not made any improvement on their previous pay offer". He added the company "upped the ante threatening to impose compulsory redundancies and unsafe 50 percent cuts to maintenance work if we did not withdraw our planned strike action". Network Rail lead negotiator Tim Shoveller accused the union of walking away from "ongoing and constructive talks".