Outlander season six wrapped up a few months ago with a shorter run comprised of just eight episodes. The pared-back series was due to the coronavirus pandemic and actress Caitriona Balfe’s pregnancy. Season seven is some way off with the Starz period drama in production and fans getting an extended 16-episode cycle when the show does return. Despite starring as a joint lead and producer on Outlander, Sam Heughan has remained busy when he’s not working on the time-traveling drama. Heughan has appeared in a number of varied films and TV shows during Outlander’s off-season, which are a world away from his alter-ego Jamie Fraser. Many of his roles have been action-led with the star often touted to become the next 007 when Daniel Craig steps down as James Bond. In the meantime, fans can catch actor Sam Heughan in a number of other roles. READ MORE: Outlander: How Sam Heughan brought on board intimacy coordinator Suspect Most recently, Heughan appeared in the star-studded Channel 4 crime thriller series, which also featured James Nesbitt, Richard E. Grant, Anne-Marie Duff, Joely Richardson, Ben Miller, Niamh Algar, Sacha Dhawan, and Antonia Thomas. The eight-part drama followed a grief-stricken detective trying to search for his estranged daughter’s killer. Heughan portrayed one of the suspects Ryan, who is the ex-police partner to the central detective and knows more than he’s letting on. Each episode focuses on a different suspect with Ryan getting one instalment concentrating on him and his role in the murder. Men In Kilts Appearing with Outlander co-star Graham McTavish, Heughan traverses his homeland to learn more about Scotland's rich culture and history. The show is a road trip with McTavish often pushed out of his comfort zone by his friend as they rove across the country. The Spy Who Dumped Me The 2018 Hollywood action-comedy movie was one of Heughan’s big steps away from Outlander as he starred opposite Mila Kunis, Kate McKinnon, Gillian Anderson, Hasan Minhaj and Justin Theroux. The Spy Who Dumped Me followed two best friends unwittingly caught up in an international conspiracy with one of them discovering her ex-boyfriend was a spy. The trio embarked on a whirlwind adventure with snipers and hitmen coming for them. Heughan played Sebastian Henshaw, a fellow spy and love interest to Kunis’. SAS: Red Notice In 2021, Heughan appeared in another high-octane drama SAS: Red Notice, adapted from the Andy McNab novel SAS: Rise of the Black Swan. Heughan portrayed SAS operator Tom Buckingham, who is dragged into a mission after his train to Paris is hijacked. Tom must take down the Black Swans, who have taken the passengers hostage and are threatening to blow up the Channel Tunnel and reveal state secrets. The movie also featured Orange Is The New Black’s Ruby Rose, Andy Serkis, Hannah John-Kamen, Anne Reid, and The Umbrella Academy’s Tom Hopper. DON'T MISS...Cesar Domboy nationality: Where was Fergus Fraser star born? [EXPLAINER]Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? [INSIGHT]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [ANALYSIS] Bloodshot Heughan went from hero to villain as Jimmy Dalton in the 2020 Vin Diesel-led superhero film Bloodshot, based on the Valiant Comics character of the same name. The movie followed Diesel’s titular character after he was transformed from an injured US military veteran into a cybernetic superhero thanks to groundbreaking new technology. Despite being an amnesiac, Bloodshot had flashbacks to his former life which led him to rail against the men who turned him into a superhero and avenging his dead wife. Heughan’s character was an ex-Navy SEAL, who was given a new lease of life through the Bloodshot programme but had sinister motivations. To Olivia Heughan featured in the drama To Olivia, which charted the true story of author Roald Dahl and actress Patricia Neal. To Olivia was based on Stephen Michael Shearer's biography An Unquiet Life and focused on Neal and Dahl’s marriage, particularly the death of their daughter Olivia Twenty Dahl at the age of seven. Led by Downton Abbey’s Hugh Bonneville and Bodyguard’s Keeley Hawes, Heughan portrayed Hollywood actor Paul Newman. Newman was Neal’s co-star on her 1963 Oscar-winning movie Hud, which she made while dealing with the grief of Olivia’s death the year prior. According to IMDb, Heughan is next starring in the romantic comedy It’s All Coming Back to Me opposite Priyanka Chopra Jonas with the movie in post-production. He is appearing in Everest with Ewan McGregor, Mark Strong and Juno Temple, which charts to attempts by British mountain climber George Mallory to scale the world’s highest mountain during the 1920s. Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now