But he says he will stay on as a caretaker leader. In office but not in power. But how many more months of chaos must we endure? Enough is enough. The public is fed up with the lies, law-breaking and sleaze. Boris Johnson has overseen scandal, fraud and waste on an industrial scale. But the chaos of the last three days is more than just petty Tory infighting. The consequences for the running of our country are serious. Britain is in the midst of the deepest cost of living crisis in a generation, with families unable to make ends meet, a dangerous war in Europe and a looming trade crisis in Northern Ireland. Yet, we now have no functioning Government. Whilst ordinary working families are watching the pennies and worrying about inflation, the past week has seen the Conservative Party fixated on its latest internal squabbles. Even worse than that, we are left with someone with a distinctly carefree attitude to our national security squatting in No10. Just yesterday Boris Johnson finally admitted to meeting his billionaire ex-KGB friend, Alexander Lebedev, without officials, just days after attending a high-level NATO summit following the Salisbury poisonings. As Foreign Secretary, we saw Johnson’s carelessness with words put people in danger. He refused to come clean about what he disclosed when he met a man now sanctioned by Canada, with close links to the Kremlin and investments in Crimea. Yet the Prime Minister had accepted thousands of pounds in gifts and made his son a Lord in our Parliament. It is a pattern of behaviour dating back years - he puts personal friendships above the public interest. This Prime Minister is unfit for office as are the MPs who have defended the indefensible and propped him up. This is today’s Conservative Party. In it for themselves, letting down the British people and unfit to govern. The never-ending catalogue of sleaze, scandal and waste. They’ve taken the British people for fools, but now they’ve been found out and found wanting. Boris Johnson needs to show leadership for the first time in his life and go now. As Keir Starmer has made clear, if the Conservative Party does not get rid of him, then Labour will act in the national interest and bring a vote of no confidence ourselves. Under this Government, people and places that once proudly powered Britain have been forgotten - in towns up and down this country, people are working harder, paying more, but getting less, every year. Labour will turn things around. With our plan for growth, we would build a stronger economy that tackles the cost of living crisis at its core.   This Government has also missed out time and time again on the Brexit opportunities they claimed were their central mission. Labour’s plan will put the divisions of the past behind us and seize on the challenges and benefits of the future. Labour will buy and sell more in Britain, awarding more contracts to British businesses and creating more jobs across the country after years of decline. We would force energy bills down and ensure the UK’s energy security. And we would revitalise our key public services so they are up to scratch for the generations to come. A Labour Government will work in the national interest. And we would clean up politics after all the sleaze, scandal and lies. At a time of crisis, Britain deserves better than a man who is only in it for himself. We need a fresh start for Britain. 