Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has taken to Twitter to slam Ferrari in a fresh jibe as he tuned in to watch the Hungarian Grand Prix final today. What was supposed to be a victorious game for Ferrari ended with no strategy and Max Verstappen to take the winning trophy. Prior to today's match, Charles Leclerc had the potential to win, however this was destroyed when Ferrari pulled Leclerc in to swap his tyres for hards. This was a tyre that had been proven only moments before by Fernando Alonso (Spa) Alpine to be useless. He was then once again pulled into the pits with less than 20 laps left of the race to be filled with softs. Jeremy couldn't miss this opportunity to aim a jibe at Formula 1 in view of his 7.8 million followers. READ MORE: Frankie Boyle jokes 'about raping and f*****g Holly Willoughby' He penned: "As abuse is no longer allowed when we speak about F1, I’m forced to say Ferrari’s strategists are brilliant." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on the former Top Gear presenter's latest quip. Onlyonepilots said: "What we just have to do now as fans is #BinnotoOut. "If you want to see Ferrari doing any better next season." L_Eatz81 added: "They are ruining LeClerc's championship battle, it’s mind boggling! "They're also ruining his career, self esteem, mental health and faith in humanity." Ljb478 commented: "Abuse is not okay, criticism is extremely fair though, this year, and for as long as I remember, they've been terrible on strategy." Jeremy caused a stir on Twitter earlier this week when he bid farewell to Sebastian Vettel who was calling time on his racing career. DON'T MISS... J.K. Rowling’s fortune made her richest fiction author ever [INSIGHT] Carol Vorderman, 61, sends fans wild in leopard legging [PICS] Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry display [INSTAGRAM] Vettel is currently driving for Aston Martin and made his F1 debut in 2007. In recent years, the racecar driver has been increasingly vocal about environmental and social issues. He has of late expressed his ambivalence at competing in F1, a sport that has an enormous carbon footprint because of the air travel involved. Jeremy penned: "Seb was a bright star in F1 but I think he’ll be even brighter when he’s out of it." The Clarkson's Farm star's comments caused a stir on social media as people flocked to address Jeremy's tweet. Dangermouseirl tweeted: "He can put his underpants on outside again and save the planet from global warming, hurrah!" Hrob74 wrote: "I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said about a F1 driver, or ever..." InfoCone added: "I take it you’ve met him, funny guy and such a genuine decent human being. More people like him the better."