Insurtech and Airbnb specialist company Pikl Insurance analysed the most popular towns in the UK and revealed the most affordable ones to visit with the cheapest rated places. A holiday to Aberdeen, in Scotland, was revealed as the best and most affordable UK staycation destination. Aberdeen is known for its beautiful coast and stunning castles, making it a great city for those who want a mix of nature, history and bustling bars and clubs. St Asaph, in Wales, came second as the most affordable town to visit during the summer break. The Welsh town is a great destination for those wanting a more quiet and traditional staycation with lovely waterside walks and plenty of pubs. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay'  Kingston Upon Hull, with plenty of museums to historical landmarks, was named the third cheapest staycation according to the study. Londonderry, in Northern Ireland, also has affordable accommodation and offers beautiful scenery and tourist spots. Located very close to the Lake District, Lancaster is a city that also has a lot to offer. Lancaster’s River Lune provides peaceful riverside walks, and its popular food scene has a lot of choice for foodies.  Nadia Z, who recently visited Aberdeen and its coast, the cheapest staycation according to the study, said on Tripadvisor: "Stunning views, great pictures, blue waters... "What's not to love." Another traveller, Debrak921, recommended visiting the Duthie Park Winter Gardens. She said: "These gardens are beautiful and a nice relaxing visit for a traveller or local person. Admission was free, which was a very pleasant surprise. The gardens are spotless and very well marked. Highly recommend." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Tripadvisor user 153Davym also said the botanical gardens are a must-see in Aberdeen. He explained: "Decided to visit the Glass Houses here at Duthie Park. "Amazing with beautiful displays indoors and a great show of colour with a Tropical glass house and Cactus house. "Easy to get to however parking may be an issue as this place is very popular. Great coffee shops too, to enjoy after your visit and chill out." READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' Aberdeen, Scotland St Asaph, Wales Kingston upon Hull Londonderry, Northern Ireland Lancaster Lincoln Preston Leeds Wakefield Leicester