  Steph’s Packed Lunch presenter Steph McGovern, 40, has revealed she has “gone down two dress sizes” after finding a way to manage her “terrible” IBS. The former BBC Breakfast star spoke about how she had made a breakthrough with her health thanks to expert Dr. Julia Jones in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.     Steph met Dr. Julia Jones when she came to be interviewed on Steph’s Packed Lunch about her book Neuron: Smart Wellness Made Easy. Speaking about the first time she met Julia, Steph said: “Up to that point I’d been struggling with IBS forever. “And at that point I’d just accepted that I’ve got it and I can’t do anything about it.” However, since adopting Julia’s “smart wellness” plan, the presenter claims her life has completely changed. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host     In fact, their partnership was so transformative for Steph, that the star has now invested in Dr Jones' start-up company Neuron, which has opened a new wellness centre in Folkestone, Kent. “Julia’s programme has totally transformed my life,” Steph gushed. “I know that sounds really dramatic, but my IBS is really debilitating. “Now my IBS is in total control and I very rarely now have any problems.” She continued: “But also I’ve just got better wellness in its entirety.”      “For example, my weight has come down - which wasn’t what I was trying to do - but I’ve gone down two dress sizes. “And it’s totally sustainable. Like, I’m not doing a mad diet or anything like that, but it’s really transformed me.” Speaking about their new venture, Julia added: “It’s the perfect partnership, really, to have someone who’s been on that journey. “Because that’s the exact same journey I was on and this started because I was trying to fix my own health.”  READ MORE:Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe shares struggle during pregnancy [INSIGHT]John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [UPDATE]Demi Rose puts bottom on full show in racy starfish bikini [REVEAL]   Steph has been very open about her struggles with IBS in the past, regularly posting about the subject on her Instagram feed. According to the NHS website, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a common condition that affects the digestive system. It causes symptoms like stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhoea and constipation - and it’s usually a lifelong problem. Shortly before falling pregnant three years ago, Steph found out that her gut health was in the bottom third of the population, which forced her to think more about her health.      Steph admitted: “That was pretty embarrassing, and I didn’t even know anything about gut health - that was for a TV show I was doing. “So then they talked to me about gut health and things I could do to make it better, saying that could help my IBS… But then I was pregnant.” The Channel 4 star announced that she and her partner had welcomed a daughter in November 2019, which left her quite distracted from her health until Julia arrived on the scene. “Obviously I had the baby and was caught up with all that,” she remembered, “And then when Julia came on and talked about her smart wellness programme, I thought: ‘Oh, well this actually sounds really easy to do.’” Julia and Steph are now on a mission to encourage individuals to adopt healthier lifestyles, using techniques such as intermittent fasting, introducing variety into your diet, improving sleep patterns, cold water exposure and breathing practices. The Neuron smart wellness hub and live bacteria bar is located in the Creative Quarter at 23-25 Tontine Street, Folkestone, Kent CT20 1JU. For more info about Neuron’s smart wellness courses and products including gut health tests please visit www.neuronwellness.com  