Nick Kyrgios is set to take part in his first ever Grand Slam final on Sunday afternoon on Centre Court - and controversy is expected with the Australian's headspace unknown as he enters the biggest game of his career. The star's temperament, controversial actions and all-round boisterous behaviour have led to multiple fines throughout his career. But just how much has he accrued in fines, you ask? Express Sport takes a look at an insane list of incidents he has had to pay for in his career so far. For starters, the amount of money Kyrgios has paid in fines is a mind-boggling £450,000 - making him the most-fined player of all-time. £11,500 of that has come at this year's Wimbledon Championships, amazingly. He was tasked with an £8,200 setback for spitting at fans in his win over Paul Jubb, and then received a £3,300 fine after he swore at an umpire against Stefanos Tsitsipas. Another record include the highest fine of all-time, which came in 2019 against Karen Khachanov. After Kyrgios verbally assaulted the umpire and smashed two rackets during a bathroom break he was hit with a dock of £131,000. Elsewhere, he was slapped with a fee of £15,000 for making a gesture of a sexual nature with his water bottle against Marin Cilic at Queens in 2018. And one of his famous outbursts included a spat with Stan Wawrinka  in which he told the Swiss star mid-match that his former tennis doubles partner Thanasi Kokkinakis had had relations with his girlfriend. "Kokkinakis banged your girlfriend," he told Wawrinka whilst facing him in Montreal in 2015. "Sorry to tell you that, mate." He was banned for 28 days following the incident and received a £20,790 fine for his misendeavours. The Australian hero opened up about his fines on the Turn Up The Talk podcast in May. "All the fines that I get fined go to charity. That's for everyone," Kyrgios said. "So every time we get fined, they're like it's going to charity. I was like, 'I don't know why you would tell me that'. "I would probably have in my entire career - man, I have been hit with some big ones - but I don't think all the time it has been fair, to be honest. But I would say I'd be approaching 800 [thousand Australian dollars, equivalent to £450,000], I reckon." Kyrgios could end up with an extended list of money given to charity by the end of Sunday night...