Tottenham target Memphis Depay has talked up a return to the Premier League describing it as a ‘very nice’ competition. The Dutchman made the comments when previously linked with Spurs in 2019 and it may encourage the club to push harder in their move for the Barcelona forward. Reports in recent days have linked the North London side with a move for the Dutch international with fierce rivals Arsenal also monitoring his situation closely with a view to hijack the deal. Depay previously spent two seasons in the Premier League with Manchester United but seriously struggled, scoring just twice in the competition. Depay joined the Blaugrana in 2021 after a superb four-year spell at Lyon came to an end. The Dutchman scored just 13 goals in 38 games for the Catalan club, a return that fans will have expected him to exceed in his debut season. With just one year left on his contract and the club struggling under financial fair play regulations, it is likely that the 28-year-old will be sold. The La Liga runners-up already have Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres for the No 9 position and have also been heavily linked with a move for Bayern Munich’s Robert Lewandowski. READ MORE: Tottenham 'make enquiries' for second Barcelona star but Arsenal may hijack deal Tottenham’s bid for the player may be given fresh impetus by comments he made when he was linked to the club while at Lyon three years ago. Depay told Voetbal Primeur that he would be open to a return to the English top flight. “It's a very nice competition,” he explained. “It's up to the club that is interested.” The Lilywhites have seen a huge upturn in form since Antonio Conte took charge last season. This is a positive development in their quest for Depay as the Dutchman believes he belongs in a team that plays top-level football. "I belong in a team that plays good football and can play around me so that I can do my thing. I will never rule it out." DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Tottenham have already signed Richarlison as an attacking option and appear to be keen to bring in more reinforcements. Despite this, Conte has been conscious of reassuring Spurs supporters that they will not be direct replacements for their current offensive targets. He was particularly keen to praise his golden boot-winning winger Son Heung-Min. “Sonny impressed me for the commitment, for the attitude, for the behaviour – he is a really good guy,” the Italian told the club’s website. “But I think many people don’t know the man, the person that you find in Sonny. He always has a smile on his face. "For sure he is a positive person. He is an important player for Tottenham. Every manager dreams of having this type of talent in your hands.” Tottenham fans can look forward to the upcoming season with excitement given the plethora of attacking options currently at the club. They will be hopeful that Depay will join to further add to their embarrassment of riches in the department.