Britons who catch COVID-19 and fall ill are being urged to follow a new set of rules which includes reducing social interactions and wearing a mask, according to the Mirror. Those who develop symptoms or get a positive Covid result will have to avoid crowded spaces and large events for 10 days, reduce social interactions and wear a face covering. Currently, there is no requirement to self-isolate but Britons should inform anyone they have come into direct contact with. People who test positive for coronavirus are also being encourage to avoid anyone who is potentially high risk. Britons will need to check whether other Covid rules have been put in place by hotels or other accomodation providers. In Spain, rapid lateral flow tests - known as pruebas de antígenos - can be found in pharmacies for free. READ MORE: Tourists forced to hide in tree to escape furious wild boar fined £230 If Covid symptoms worsen, Britons can contact a regional hotline. Travellers may also want to check whether coronavirus measures vary between regions. There are some rules that everyone must follow when visiting the country. You must wear a mask on public transport, in a pharmacy, medical centre or care home. DON'T MISSSafest country in the world is 'amazing' and peaceful [INSIGHT]UK region with the best fish and chips - full list [UPDATE]Ryanair threatens to QUIT EU airport [ANALYSIS] According to the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO), there are certain entry requirements for entry into Spain. All travellers must show valid proof of one of the following: These requirements do not apply to children under the age of 12. The website states: "Travellers from the UK who can either show proof of being fully vaccinated, or of having recovered from prior COVID-19 infection in the last six months, or who are aged under 12 years old, do not need to complete Spain’s Travel Health Control form. "Everyone else must complete Spain’s Travel Health Control form no more than 48 hours before travel to Spain." On entry to Spain, Britons may receive other checks like a temperature test, a visual health assessment or testing on arrival. Passengers may also be contacted and required to undertake a COVID-19 nucleic acid amplification test - NAAT (PCR or similar) at any point up to 48 hours after their arrival in Spain. Beaches in Spain have other rules in place which Britons may need to check when they visit. Beaches across the country are governed by individual regions so areas can have their own specific rules. Earlier this month, it was revealed that tourists can no longer smoke cigarettes on the beach in Barcelona. A smoking ban is also in place in other areas of Spain like Majorca. Fines for lighting a cigarette are around £25. The ban has been introduced to combat litter as cigarette butts are unsightly and can damage the natural environment. Washing with soap and shampoo at the beach is illegal across Spain due to the damage the products can cause.