Chelsea have been told to keep hold of Armando Broja and play him ahead of Kai Havertz. Broja is back at Chelsea following his loan to Southampton last season but several Premier League clubs are keen on signing him in this window. The Blues received an offer from West Ham for the 20-year-old last week of around £30million. But Chelsea rejected the approach and the Hammers have turned their attention elsewhere. Newcastle and Everton are also linked with the Albania international. Chelsea are yet to replace Romelu Lukaku, who has rejoined Inter Milan on loan after a hugely disappointing first season back in west London. Former England striker Darren Bent claims Broja could be "perfect" for Chelsea and would like to see him get a chance at Stamford Bridge this season. Bent told talkSPORT: "Why have they not brought Broja back? Transfer news LIVE: De Jong reality check, Chelsea reeling, Everton may axe Dele  “He’s a perfect centre-forward. It looks like they are going to let him go. Give him a go. “If they create chances for him, he will score goals. He showed that at Southampton.” Former Crystal Palace midfielder Darren Ambrose agreed. And he claimed Broja should be Chelsea's first-choice No 9 ahead of Kai Havertz. Ambrose commented: “I think he should be their No 9. At No 9, I’d play him ahead of Havertz.” DON'T MISSArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans stanceArsenal chief Edu opens up on signing Saka replacement amid Man City linksArsenal given date for potential Gakpo transfer after 'rekindling interest'  Broja returned home from Chelsea's pre-season tour to the USA early. But manager Thomas Tuchel insists he expects him to stay this season and is calm about the situation. He said last week: "I don’t expect him to leave. We are aware of interest and offers, which just tells us there is a lot of potential, and the owners and me will take this decision together in the end, also with the player. "Right now when he arrived, it’s clear he’s trying to impress and is just trying to become a Chelsea player as soon as possible. After his loan at Southampton, the situation was very clear for him to make the next step, to show his improvement and make an impression in pre-season. "Unfortunately he injured himself and of course there is a lot of noise going on because there are offers and interest in him. Let’s see how this goes but I’m pretty calm about it because we know the situation and we have a contract." 