The Met Office has announced that the hot weather is here to stay, with soaring temperatures expected throughout July. While many Britons may be excited for the warm weather, it can have effects on the garden, including yellow and patchy lawns. To help care for the garden, Sophie Birkert, founder of garden and homeware company Screen With Envy, has shared “simple” tips on protecting the garden through a heatwave. She said: “An essential part of having plants or a garden is the watering. “No matter your competency in garden care, it can’t be ignored, particularly in a heatwave. “Our garden can get particularly thirsty in high UV and extreme temperatures, so be smart with your watering to ensure maximum moisture and hydration. “In the hot weather, it’s best to water your garden and plants early in the morning or late at night, when the sun is lower and cooler, so they have a better chance of absorbing the water.” READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ 36p natural scent to repel moths from homes in summer Gardeners are also being encouraged to leave their lawns long to help protect it from the heat. Taller grass casts a shadow, according to the expert. Sophie added: “If your grass has a bit of length, it can protect its surrounding blades at all different times of day. “Anything over two centimetres should provide additional protection. DON'T MISS:Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine [COMMENT]How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [INSIGHT]Stain removal: I tried two hacks to remove coffee stains from clothing [EXPLAINER] “Also avoid any treatment like fertilisers to your lawn in the high heat of the day. “Much like watering, plants and grass will just be far less receptive to this when the sun is beating down, blocking the nutrients from taking full effect.” As well as the lawn, other patches in the garden should have the opportunity for some sun respite too. The expert recommended creating shaded spaces in the garden. READ MORE: Lawn care: Seven steps to get ‘healthy’ and ‘bright’ grass Sophie said: “If plants are in moveable pots or planters, position them in shadier spaces while the sun is at its highest. “For the fixed shrubbery in planters or on trellises, consider purchasing a pergola for year round sun protection for you and your plants. “But if you need something more temporary, a square umbrella would do the job temporarily in high heat.” Water can make an appearance across a number of different landscapes. Whether it’s in the form of a pool, hot tub, pond or a bird bath, the expert recommended covering it. This can help to stop it evaporating as well as hurting any wildlife. Sophie added: “Use simple tarpaulin if you don’t have a designated cover in the short term, but consider buying something more useful in future.” Covering garden furniture can also help to stop it bleaching and becoming too hot.