The candidate, who is a former soldier and has served as Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee since 2017, said those who served in Boris Johnson's government "lent credibility to the chaos" which has made it difficult for the Conservatives to win the next general election. Describing the reasons he believes he should become the next Prime Minister, Mr Tugendhat said: "Whatever your responsibility was in that government, whatever your place in that government was, Keir Starmer in two years' time is going to hold that record against us. "We need to make sure we're winning Conservative seats across the country, and even really good people lend credibility to the chaos candidate." He also said that the Conservative party needs a "clean start" after three years of Boris Johnson's premiership. Meanwhile, candidate Kemi Badenoch hit back at Tom's comments.  Ms Badenoch said she was “not ashamed of anything we did” while she was a minister in Mr Johnson’s Government. She added: “We have a lot to be proud of. We got Brexit done, and what the Prime Minister did on Ukraine and on vaccines was fantastic. “Serving in Government is not easy. It requires making difficult decisions. "Tom [Tugendhat] has never done that. READ MORE: ‘I am the clean start!’ Tugendhat lays down why he should be next PM "It’s very easy for him to criticise what we’ve been doing, but we have been out there on the frontline making the case.” Tom Tugendhat disagreed, stating he had been on the frontline in Afghanistan, Iraq and “in the argument against Putin and China". She responded: “You haven’t taken any decisions, talking is easy.” The final five contenders took part in the second televised debate on Sunday evening.  Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat and Kemi Badenoch went head-to-head to discuss their reasons for why they should be the next leader. Mr Tugendhat, who is the MP for Tonbridge, is the only candidate out of the final five not to have served in Government. The other four all worked under Boris Johnson in his cabinet. Launching his leadership bid, the former soldier called for “a clean start and a government that will make trust, service and an unrelenting focus on the cost of living crisis its guiding principles”. 