Joe Little, editor at Majesty magazine, told Royally Us that Kate had been given a rare honour by the Queen called the Royal Family Order, a sign that the Queen has “great trust” in the Duchess of Cambridge. The award, which is only given to female members of the Royal Family, is a rare accomplishment and one that not every member of the family has bestowed upon them.    Mr Little said: “The Queen has great trust in Kate and only a few years ago she gave her what is called the Royal Family Order. “It’s something that is only given to the female members of the Royal Family who have been around for quite some time and are deemed to be of great support to the Queen. “So, not every member, not every female member of the Royal Family has got it but Kate now has. “So, I would say that the Queen has great trust in the future Princess and Prince of Wales, which William and Catherine will be one day. “And, you know, the forces of time hopefully all going well, they will be King William V and Queen Catherine.”    It comes as the Cambridge’s were spotted jetting off as a family on their summer vacation. The family were seen making their way to a royal helicopter that was waiting for them near their London residence of Kensington Palace. All family members were carrying luggage, other than the youngest child Prince Louis, who was seen running ahead to the helicopter. It is not yet known where the family will be holidaying, though it has been rumoured that they would like to return to the Caribbean island of Mustique, which they visited in 2019. READ MORE: Kate and Camilla formed strong bond over ‘being outsiders' to Royals [REPORT]   An onlooker near the palace told the Daily Mail."It was very pleasing to see, the whole family were so smartly dressed and looked so nice carrying their luggage. "It was quite sweet, they even had the dog with them. They were all carrying bags apart from Prince Louis. "It was a really, really hot day too—they looked like they were going to have a picnic or something. "They were definitely leaving London, at least that's what it looked like." DON'T MISS: Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [INSIGHT] Queen sent warning monarchy is 'on borrowed time' [REVEAL] Kate Middleton's 'total game changer' style 'hack' disclosed [REPORT]   Towards the end of this summer, it is believed the Cambridges will be relocating to Windsor to be nearer the Queen. They have been staying in Kensington Palace since 2017, which they moved to from the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk. It is believed they will move into Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate in time for their three children to start school together in September. The cottage, which was recently refurbished in 2015, was reportedly a favourite breakfast spot for Queen Victoria. READ NEXT: Prince William praised for ‘echoes of his mother’ in charity workKate and Prince William told to keep children out of public eyePrince William's new role laid bare at Earthshot PrizeKate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' Prince William defended after backlash over 'tough love' with George  