Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are seeing their popular support dwindling over the bizarre existence the couple have led together since they settled in the United States, broadcaster and author Meghan McCain said. While lots of speculations spread about a potential Netflix series, a podcast, and Meghan Markle running for President, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle do not have proper jobs based in the United States. Noting their falling popularity, Ms McCain told GB News: "Friends of mine who were friends of theirs in the beginning - and this is just anecdotal – but I have a few friends who were very, very good friends of theirs. "They are losing popular opinion here because it looks like a) they don’t have any real job other than to make those weird speeches and to fly around in private planes but at the same time lecturing everyone about climate change. "And b) it seems like they just hang out with celebrities. "So, to me, it seems like a very strange existence for someone who could’ve really invoked real change in their home country with their titles."  Ms McCain said: "But there are seamless celebrities here. They’re hanging out at very bougie restaurants, going very bougie places just like you would see an actor. "She’s an actress but it’s very strange to me. It’s a very strange herd of events." Since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex settled down in their jaw-dropping £11 million mansion in Montecito, California, the couple have multiplied speeches and tours to raise awareness on issues ranging from abortion rights in the US to poverty in Africa. The couple are also reportedly producing a Netflix documentary about their life in their home in Montecito, California. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behavior Reports say Netflix wants to see the documentary aired straight after Prince Harry’s upcoming tell-all book set to shed light on the “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him.” His publisher, Penguin Random House, said in a statement that "Prince Harry will offer an honest and captivating personal portrait, one that shows readers that behind everything they think they know lies an inspiring, courageous, and uplifting human story." Netflix is hoping to capitalise on the buzz that The Crown’s fifth season and Harry’s memoir will generate, according to Page Six. DON'T MISS:Archie 'loves' a Disney TV show - but George's favourite is a classic [REVEAL]Meghan Markle 'snubs father on birthday' [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Now remove titles! Meghan and Harry Sussex row [LIVE] Tom Bower, a royal biographer set to publish a tell-all book lifting a veil on the most deeply held secrets of the couple, told Piers Morgan on TalkTV that Prince Harry only gave a speech at the UN "to get money" and "for Netflix." He also claimed everything the couple do is "built around the future documentary series." However, their other professional activities remain shrouded in secrecy. READ NEXT:Meghan Markle pays to Princess Diana on night out with Prince HarryMeghan shocks fan with selfie during girls' lunch date in New YorkMeghan Markle and Harry 'clearly a love match'Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author LevinKate Middleton's go-to exercise to stay slim is 'most wallet-friendly'