Unfortunately they are often successful - last year criminals stole £1.3 billion through fraud and scams. With fraudsters always on the lookout for new ways to make off with people’s cash, it’s vital to know the signs that something could be amiss. Simon Miller is director of policy and communications at Stop Scams UK, which brings together companies from the banking, technology and telecoms sectors, to tackle scams at source. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Scammers will always prey on the vulnerabilities in securities and the services that we use on a day to day basis. “What we see with scams is they follow events that are in the news. “Most recently, there have been a number of scams related to the cost of living crisis. “There’s scams around payday loans, the energy bill rebate, payments made by councils. “Before that, there was a huge number of scams related to Covid, in particular for vaccine rollout. “People were being asked to pay for vaccines, and then that was used as a means of securing people’s financial details. “Scams related to Covid testing as well, very much the same modus operandi.” READ MORE: Smart meters: Cheaper tariffs promised with scheme backed by Ofgem  “Scams related to Covid testing as well, very much the same modus operandi.” There have even been scams about the war in Ukraine, with fraudsters pretending to run fundraisers to support the Government there or for refugees. Mr Miller gave the curious example of how two weeks ago, his parents’ washing machine had broken down, and they happened to receive a scam call about washing machine repair. He said: “The scammers use sophisticated means. They will speak to the services we use all the time. “If you are spamming hundreds of thousands of people about a washing machine, the chances are that some people will have a broken washing machine at that point. “It will start to feel like it might somehow be legitimate. “There’s always that gateway.” With the cost of living crisis and energy bills set to keep going up, Mr Miller said it is “absolutely inevitable” there will be more scams in this area.  Stop Scams works to take down scams as soon as they are flagged up, by quickly sharing information about malicious websites so they can be blocked. Mr Miller warned that the inventive scammers are always happy to try new means to contact people, with a recent rise in scams over Whatsapp. One common ploy is for fraudsters to message someone pretending to be their son or daughter, and saying they have lost their previous phone. They will go on to ask for money. Mr Miller said that well meaning parents will find this “convincing” and naturally want to help their child. The scams expert gave some more tips about how to avoid being hooked in. He said: “If something feels as if it’s too good to be true, it is. “Always be mindful of unexpected approaches about things. READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas    “There will always be some legitimate reasons why firms or businesses will contact you, but when they do, always check the email addresses they come from. “Look out for those misplaced hyphens, the slight changes in spelling. “No one is every going to ask for your log in details, your credit card numbers, your personal details. Never give those away.” Another helpful tool is the 159 phone line, a service launched by Stop Scams that is available to most UK banking customers. The service connects the person securely to their bank, so if someone gets a suspicious call, they can hang up and call 159 to make sure that they are legitimately talking to their bank about whatever the issue may be. Mr Miller said: “No legitimate bank is ever going to mind if you hang up on them. “In making that call to 159, you’re doing absolutely no harm to yourself or your relationship with the bank. “You are potentially providing yourself with a really valuable route back to safety, and you’re ultimately protecting yourself from being defrauded financially.”  Asked what more businesses and the Government can do to stop scams, he said: “The banks do a huge amount to try and keep people safe. “The issue is that people are being manipulated into making legitimate payments to fraudsters and to scammers. “What needs to happen is better sharing of information about who these fraudsters may be. “So those accounts can be blocked and people can be kept safe and prevented from making those payments. “That’s all about how you can share more information more effectively. “That’s where I think there is a role for Government to make it clearer that this type of information sharing can take place where it is needed to help keep people safe.” Mr Miller said of the fight against scams: “It is one of those moral imperative issues. It is one of the burning issues of our day. “I’m very clear that I want to be part of the solution to end this scourge.”