Max Verstappen, 24, was in pole position in today’s British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The Dutchman, who holds a 46-point lead in the championship, was beaten to the pole position by Carlos Sainz in qualifying but was leading the race. Sainz started in pole for the first time in his F1 career and regained the lead. Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton is in third and Sainz's Ferrari teammate Charles Leclerc is second. “Verstappen the confident, almost brash kid who didn’t seem to give a damn and was on a rocketship to the big time. “And Leclerc the milder mannered, softly spoken, polite lad who seemed at ease with the knowledge he would need to make his path slowly and methodically.” The writer added: “Verstappen tore up the results book in 2013 and obliterated the competition in a fashion not seen in a decade or more”. However, he also noted: “While few could deny the raw skill and ability that existed with Verstappen, it was Leclerc who was often held to have the most potential.” The pair have come together on the race track several times this season, including in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. However, their fierce competition has merely continued the karting rivalry that existed between them in their younger years. One critical moment in their karting days came as Leclerc made contact with Verstappen during the KF3 World Cup in 2011. The Monegasque’s move cost Verstappen not just his lead but also the whole race. Earlier this year, Leclerc opened up about their deep-seated rivalry during the Italian Grand Prix. The Ferrari driver claimed he and Verstappen “hated” one another as youngsters. DON'T MISS: Racing driver banned from entering UK for British GP as FIA urged to intervene [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton opened up about 'upsetting racism' in remarkable decades-old footage [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's fuming row with Nico Rosberg: 'Can't deal with fact I'm quicker' [ANALYSIS] He said: “It’s always been very close, especially in the junior categories. “In karting, I remember it was either me or him and that’s why we hated each other at one point, because very often it didn’t end in the best way possible! “I think it’s a very different situation. We have matured a lot, we are much older – even though we are still 25 years old, which is still quite young. “At this time there were episodes which made us hate each other, I’m pretty sure, on some occasions, but then you grow up.” He added: “So, it’s great now to be fighting in Formula 1 and there’s a lot of respect for each other. So yes, it has changed, for sure.” Coverage of the GP will be shown live on Sky Sports F1.