The eight-year-old future king sat with his parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge from the front row of the Royal Box at Wimbledon. Good Morning Britain weather presenter Alex Beresford, 41, reacted to Prince George's reaction to Nick Kyrgios' foul language during the match who looked less than impressed. During the nail-biting final between the Aussie player and champion Novak Djokovic, the 27-year-old showed his frustration during the match as he attempted to overcome his undefeated Serbian opponent, who claimed his seventh Wimbledon title in four sets. Kyrgios received a warning midway through the third set after loudly saying "a f***ing joke" after receiving a double fault. During the match, George was snapped covering his head with his hands, with many believing it was a reaction to the swearing. This included Alex who couldn't resist making a cheeky quip about the young royal's response. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to claim benefits Taking to Twitter on July 10, in view of his 245,000 followers, the GMB star joked Prince George had picked up colourful language during the match. Alex penned: "Prince George learning some new words for school tomorrow." His post sparked a reaction among social media users as they flocked to comment on his post. Twitter user @JillyLyons wrote: "It’s unacceptable for any professional to use profanity at work!"  @Victorri agreed: "Think it's disgraceful for a Wimbledon final!" @yemandee remarked: "Kyrgios potty mouth," while @deb_fincher wrote: "What with tennis and the new education secretary teaching them the one finger salute our kids are going to thrive." @cjfaraway joked: "I reckon he's heard them all before." While @staceyizatt added: "I don’t actually think it’s that deep, the guy is passionate about the game we are all passionate about something at times and forget where we are no need to go OTT [over the top]." DON'T MISS... Comedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment[LATEST]Joanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason[ROYALS]Carol Smillie, 60, stuns in blue dress with rarely-seen son[PICTURES] During the match, Kyrgios who has had run-ins with line judges, spectators and his opponents in the past, also asked the umpire to remove a "drunk" fan from the stands. He told the umpire: “It shouldn’t be coming down to your opinion. It’s distracting me when I am serving in a Wimbledon final. "There's no other bigger occasion, you didn’t believe me and she did it again and it nearly cost me the game. Why is she still here?! She is drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of the game. "What is acceptable? Keep her out. I know exactly which one it is, it’s the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.” Meanwhile, the young royal was captured telling his father Prince William he was “too hot” as temperatures soared to 28C during the tennis final. To which William replied: “Oh you’re hot, are you?” “It’s very warm today... It’ll be fine.” His mother also told him to avoid sitting “in the bright sunshine” and added they are “often in the shade”. It comes after the young royal stuck with the strict Wimbledon dress code sporting a suit and tie as he watched the eventful match. 