Manchester United are apparently convinced that Frenkie de Jong is open to joining the Red Devils despite reports in Spain suggesting that the Dutchman wants to remain at Barcelona. United have chased De Jong since Erik ten Hag’s appointment was confirmed but are yet to reach an agreement with Barca. In the most protracted saga of the summer, United have still not sealed the arrival of Ten Hag’s top target. A transfer fee believed to be around £75m has been agreed but there remains distance over the structure of the payments. Several reports in Spain have suggested that De Jong’s agents have informed Barca that he does not want to join United and does not want to reduce his salary. The 25-year-old is apparently owed millions in deferred wages. However, there is more certainty at United that De Jong does want to link up with Ten Hag, who coached the midfielder at Ajax before his 2019 transfer to Barcelona. According to ESPN, club sources are ‘convinced’ that the player is in favour of a move. JUST IN: Man Utd have Frenkie de Jong message passed on after agent informs De Jong has been earmarked as a key target and would be the flagship signing of Ten Hag’s first summer transfer window. It has been a frustrating couple of months for the 52-year-old, who prematurely ended his time at Ajax to begin work at Old Trafford early. Tyrell Malacia remains United’s solitary summer addition, arriving from Feyenoord for around £12m. Discussions over deals for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez, who is also wanted by Arsenal, and Christian Eriksen remain ongoing. A rough summer was compounded last week by the news that Cristiano Ronaldo wishes to leave just a year after his blockbuster return. The Portugal icon believes he can still challenge himself in the Champions League, although there are few clubs who see a transfer as viable. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag has three Man Utd stars 'in contention' for captaincyMan Utd and Arsenal considering £30m swoop for ex-Tottenham starMan Utd meet with Ajax today as Martinez deal enters 'key stage' Despite their off-field issues, United kicked off Ten Hag’s tenure with a 4-0 friendly thumping of Premier League rivals Liverpool. Jadon Sancho, Fred, Anthony Martial and Fecundo Pellistri all scored in an impressive team performance. That match took place in Bangkok, and United now travel to Australia where they will face a series of other matches as they prepare for Ten Hag’s first Premier League game against Brighton on August 7. The Dutchman will hope that transfers for De Jong, Martinez and free agent Eriksen are wrapped up before his side host the Seagulls. The report continues that United are confident they can wrap up a deal for centre-back Martinez. Playmaker Eriksen, who has chosen to join United over remaining at Brentford, could link up with his new team-mates in Melbourne this week. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt