Royal expert Kinsey Schofield it is "highly unlikely" Harry and Meghan will receive an invitation to visit William and Kate while they are in the US. Kate and William plan to visit the United States for the Earthshot Prize awards, hosted in Boston in December. The awards ceremony was held for the first time in the UK last year. Speaking about the visit, Ms Schofield said: "I think it's highly unlikely that the Sussexes will be invited to see the Cambridges on their trip to Boston. "William and Catherine are really focused on the future of the monarchy and probably believe that Harry and Meghan have a lot of growing up to do before they will consider a sit down." She added: "The Cambridges would also want to keep the focus on the Earthshot prize and any contact with the Sussexes risks leaks to media that would divert attention away from the cause." Royal expert Neil Sean agreed with Ms Schofield, saying that the Cambridges will have a "packed schedule". While he said the US trip would be an "ideal" time to meet with Harry and Meghan, he claimed it "will not be possible". Speaking on his YouTube channel, he said: "It would be an ideal situation to take the time out to meet. "When you think about it, both in the same country and away from prying eyes because it's a little bit easier to get away from the media over there because it's such a vast place. "You can arrange to meet anywhere but sadly that will not be possible. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose it "They're planning a packed schedule with no private time for visits. Very nice and regally put. "This all centres upon the fact that William is finding it very hard to move on from all those allegations that Harry put out about him and his family via Oprah." While this will be their first trip to the US in eight years, Ms Schofield claimed that William and Kate have cultivated a very "glamorous" image in the United States. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'want to copy Obamas' as Duke to reveal fatherly joy [INSIGHT] William issues heartbreaking plea for 'swift justice' [REPORT] Charles has royal fans in stitches as he's asked to 'go for a beer' [REACTION] She said: "William and Catherine are admired in the United States," she added. "They are seen as very sophisticated and glamorous. Unattainable and chic. "Obviously, we fell in love with Prince William through his mother and it truly feels like we have grown up with Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge. "They have a special place in our hearts because we had the privilege of watching their love blossom. "Americans will be very enthusiastic at the idea of a royal sighting! "The only royal character we would be more excited to see is Prince Louis!"