Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan has warned Newcastle against signing Manchester United’s Cristiano Ronaldo, claiming that it would “take something away from Newcastle”, as they look to build under their new owners. The Portuguese legend has asked United to consider serious bids and Eddie Howe’s club are one of few that could afford Ronaldo. Newcastle’s transfer policy since being taken over by Saudi investment fund PIF has been more modest than many expected, with the likes of Neymar not a serious target while they have brought in Sven Botman from Lille, Nick Pope from Burnley and signed Matt Targett on a permanent deal from Aston Villa this summer. Jordan believes that Newcastle are on a path similar to the one that Manchester City took when Sheikh Mansour first took charge, and will take them longer than the four years that it took the Citizens to claim their first Premier League title. “Can they afford him?” Jordan questioned the possible Ronaldo signing on talkSPORT. “They are not raving lunatics. They are not going mad. On paper, yeah [it would be a statement signing], because it would attract the attention of the world’s media with a light on St James’ Park. The point is, is it the right move for Newcastle United as they build for a side that wants to challenge for the Premier League and wants to do what Man City has done? JUST IN: Liverpool threaten to hijack Man Utd move after 'talking' to agent “The bottom line is if they are going to go after these achievements, then they must look at the models that have gone before. Manchester City didn’t just rock in when the Thai Prime Minister was taken out and Sheikh Mansour was brought in, it took them four years to get to the Premier League title. I think it will take something similar, and maybe even longer for Newcastle to achieve that because the competition has got stronger and more financially adept.” Ronaldo looks more likely to stay at Old Trafford after Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel made it clear that his side are focussing on improving their defence this window and a striker would not be a priority, while Bayern Munich ruled themselves out of a deal due to the financial constraints. The striker does have a £120million offer from a Saudi Arabian club on the table, but may want to remain in Europe.  “I would think it is a Hollywood signing that would take something away from Newcastle,” Jordan added. “Because they look like they are being clever. They look like they are being smart, they don’t look like they are getting their pants pulled down or agents are running around thinking ‘We have got the latest mugs on the block’. “They look like they are building a team that is built for the occasion, and built for the incremental steps that they are going to take, and I think that is smart. "I think it is clever what Newcastle are doing so signing Ronaldo to me would be, whilst it would be a headline-grabber, I am not sure it is the right thing for Newcastle United at this stage in its development.”