The eco-friendly hack was posted by Goldilocks Goods, a company that produces "goods that are practical and beautiful", as well as being more sustainable. The company has a huge 455,000 followers on TikTok. Recently, the company demonstrated a hack it claims will "keep bread fresh for ages". The sustainability experts wrote: "Here's a life-changing hack for storing bread. "Wrap your bread in an extra large beeswax wrap and store in a cotton bread bag. It will keep your bread fresh for ages." The video, demonstrating how to wrap a loaf of bread in the paper, has 1.2 million likes. The wraps are a smart plastic alternative, which can last up to a year or 100 uses. READ MORE: 'This is amazing': Strawberries hack to keep fruit fresh for a week - they 'look like new' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This is better for the environment than using plastic wrapping or foil, and could also be better for your wallet. Three bees wax wraps can be bought at Aldi for £17.97. This is much less than a typical family spends on clingfilm in a year. It also helps food stay fresher for longer than plastic, as it is more breathable. DON'T MISSStop bread going mouldy with simple hack - no freezing [FOOD]Correct way to store potatoes could help prevent cancer [INSIGHT] Fresh strawberries hack - do it 'as soon as you get them home' [TRICK] This helps keep the bread moist and stops greens from wilting. Beeswax wraps can be composted at home too, making them good for the plant and your garden. The wraps are easy to clean. Simply wash them by hand in cold water (hot water might melt the wax). Once clean simply wipe the wrap clean and store it dry, in a dry place. A cotton bread bag, on the hand, is another hugely popular and more sustainable way to store bread. Becoming ever more popular, bread bags keep the cupboard staple even fresher according to fans of the product. In fact, bread bags have been used in France for many years. Veggies and fruit can also be kept in cotton bags to stay fresh. Don't store it in plastic As stated above, plastic prevents the bread from breathing. It can trap moisture in the bread, creating conditions mould loves and thrives in. Use a bread box The classic bread box is a kitchen sideboard staple for a reason. The cool and dark space is ideal for keeping bread fresh. Avoid light Light increases the speed and which mould can grow. Keeping your loaf on a sunny counter is not a good idea. Freeze it If you aren't going to eat the bread within a few days - freeze it. Cut a large loaf into parts and freeze it in pieces to help keep it fresher before you eat it.