Manchester United may have only just set the ball rolling with regard to their summer of spending, but the Old Trafford arrivals could now be coming thick and fast. Tyrell Malacia officially joined from Feyenoord on Monday, to become the first official signing of the Erik ten Hag era, and the Dutch defender could find himself joined by three more new faces this coming week.   Malacia arrives in a £13million deal from the Eredivisie side despite appearing all but set to join Ligue 1 outfit Lyon. The 22-year-old saw a planned transfer hijacked by United as the Red Devils acted quickly to swoop for the young left-back, who will provide competition for current first-choice, Luke Shaw. Though the seismic squad reshaping expected at Old Trafford this summer has been slow to get going, that could all now change following Malacia's move. United are also understood to be closing in on free agent Christian Eriksen - one of a trio of targets who could sign before Ten Hag's team head off on their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia this Friday. The Danish midfielder is believed to have struck a gentlemen's agreement with the chairman of his former club Tottenham years ago, which saw the playmaker pledge never to sign for the Red Devils. However, his circumstances appear to have changed as a move is now on the cards. JUST IN: Tottenham line up five more transfer exits before pre-season tour after £26m Bergwijn deal Eriksen, who famously revived his football career following his near-fatal episode at Euro 2020, enjoyed a successful second half to last season at Brentford, earning him the attentions of Ten Hag. After much deliberation, the 30-year-old is now thought to have verbally agreed a deal with United and is expected to undergo a medical imminently. The Dane could well find himself joined by two other players with Ajax connections in Frenkie de Jong and Lisandro Martinez. United are understood to have agreed a fee in excess of £56million with Barcelona over De Jong, with the negotiations of the player's personal terms next up on the agenda. However, the cash-strapped Catalan club's president Joan Laporta has since thrown a deal into doubt by insisting the Spanish giants have "no intention" of selling the 25-year-old, while declaring he would do "everything" in his power to keep the player at the Nou Camp. Laporta also claimed De Jong himself is still pushing to remain with the La Liga side. Despite such developments, United remain hopeful of concluding a deal for the Dutchman this week. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'tracking' bargain Raphinha alternative as Todd Boehly's back-up plan takes shape Elsewhere, the Red Devils remain locked in talks with Ten Hag's former employers Ajax over a deal for Argentine ace Martinez, having submitted a sizeable bid, believed to be in the region of £34m plus add-ons. United are understood to leading the race for the 24-year-old's services ahead of fellow Premier League suitors Arsenal with the player himself said to be keen on a move to England and a reunion with Ten Hag in particular. United fly to Bangkok on Friday, where they will then face Liverpool on July 12, before swiftly moving on to Australia. Ten Hag's side travel to Melbourne for matches against Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace, before ending their tour against Aston Villa in Perth on July 23.