Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch is known for sharing her lifestyle and gardening hacks. The cleaning influencer, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares gardening, cleaning and DIY content on her Instagram account which has more than 4.5 million followers. Now, fans of hers have created their own groups dedicated to sharing gardening tips. Andy John Clayton asked Mrs Hinch gardening fans: “Best path clearer for weeds in brick paving?” Andy’s post received almost 50 comments from gardening enthusiasts. The most common response was to use a mixture of white vinegar, salt and washing up liquid. Elaine Conroy said: “If you mix salt, washing up liquid and white vinegar nothing will ever grow again where you put it, it kills the soil. Great weedkiller.” READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home  She added: “I get one gallon cartons of white vinegar mix one cup of salt until it dissolves and stir in half a cup of washing up liquid. “Don’t put it anywhere you may want to put plants afterwards as it kills the soil.” Susan Moseley wrote: “One litre of white vinegar, three tablespoons of salt and three of Fairy washing up liquid. Mix in water sprayer and spray weeds.” Lisa Millward commented: “White vinegar, salt and washing up liquid. Pet-friendly too.” White vinegar, salt and washing up liquid can be found in most households.  DON'T MISSMonty Don shares the job to do ‘immediately’ if you spot blight [INSIGHT]How often to water hydrangeas - why healthy growth means watering LESS [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer couple boost property value by £68,500 [ANALYSIS] However, for those who don’t have any it’s fairly affordable. ASDA Smart Price Washing Up Liquid is just 34p. Tesco Original Wash Up Liquid costs just 44p. DriPak Pure White Vinegar is £1.50 from Wilko. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 89p from The Range. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Table salt costs 55p from the Essential Waitrose range. Cook With M&S Table Salt costs 30p from Ocado. Other suggestions for removing weeds include using just table salt, boiling water, a weed burner and Wet and Forget. Sharon Marsh commented: “Table salt - sprinkle or brush over weeds and gaps then they die off. “Keep up with it. Cheep way and it works. Good luck.” Lorraine Connor replied: “Rock salt works great.”  Fiona Wallace suggested using “boiling water”, while Gaz N Deb Bennett said to use a “weed burner”. Kayleigh Heath wrote: “White vinegar with some Fairy liquid. “Kills weeds and if you have pets or wildlife, it won’t harm them.” Sue Dyer said: “Wet and Forget. Spray and leave. Amazon.”