Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Benjamin Sesko from Red Bull Salzburg. The 19-year-old has impressed during his brief career so far, with his recent goal against Liverpool putting him firmly in the spotlight. And, in Jadon Sancho, the Red Devils already have the perfect partner in crime for the teenager. Manchester United want a new forward this summer and, with Antony too expensive, Sesko has emerged as a potential recruit. Cristiano Ronaldo’s future at Old Trafford remains up in the air, with the 37-year-old eager to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. Edinson Cavani has departed, with the Uruguay international now being linked with Real Madrid and Villarreal. And Mason Greenwood’s future remains shrouded in uncertainty after his arrest back in January. United have been chasing Antony to this point, with the Brazil international previously playing under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But with the Ajax star too pricy, Sesko is now a player of interest. The 19-year-old is a rising star within the footballing world, with his tall frame and speed drawing comparisons with another Salzburg icon - Erling Haaland. If he does join United, it’s feasible he’d be played down the middle. And it’s also possible he’d be deployed alongside Sancho, who could become the perfect partner in crime for the player at Old Trafford. As a tall presence, Sancho’s crossing could benefit Sesko - who would then be able to head home and finish with aplomb. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And all signs point to the former Borussia Dortmund star shining under Ten Hag this term, having previously struggled for consistency under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Sancho scored just three Premier League goals and registered as many assists last term following his £73million move. But the 22-year-old has looked good in pre-season so far, registering goals against Liverpool, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa. When Solskjaer signed Sancho, he insisted he would become a ‘top player’ during his spell at Old Trafford. And with a quick target man like Sesko playing further ahead, the pair could strike up a strong bond at the club. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Sesko could also benefit from playing alongside a rejuvenated and revitalised Marcus Rashford as well. Rashford, like Sancho, blew hot and cold under both Solskjaer and Rangnick last term. But the England international looks back to his best, having also notched three goals during pre-season so far. Anthony Martial, too, can be a big hit this season. The France international’s career looked to be over when he was loaned to Sevilla back in January. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But he’s returned looking a player transformed, with a spring in his step once again. Whether United ultimately sign Sesko is something only time will tell. Yet the foundations are clearly there at Old Trafford for the youngster to be a big hit and a key asset to Ten Hag. United missed out on Haaland back in the January transfer window of 2020. However, now, they can finally make amends. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here