Ben van Beurden – whose pay package rose to an estimated £6.2million this year as his company achieved record profits – claimed “policy decisions” had caused high rates instead of profiteering. He said that the fossil fuels giant “cannot perform miracles” as his company announced that profits doubled in the past three months alone to £9.4billion. Politicians and campaigners hit back that Shell’s business tactics were “very short-sighted” and that the “greedy” company has “no humility”. It comes as rising prices have seen people having to make difficult choices over home and medical bills, and some have resorted to stealing to make ends meet. Earlier this week, reports emerged that Ofgem is expected to lift the energy price cap higher in October, to £3,420 – three times what consumers were paying at the start of the year. This cap could reach even higher, £3,850, by next January. READ MORE: FURY as energy giants make 'obscene profits' during financial crisis Meanwhile, Europe’s largest oil firm reported adjusted earnings of $11.5billion (£9.4billion) this quarter, surpassing profit expectations. In the first three months of the year, Shell made $9.1billion (£7.4billion) as the commodity price shot up amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Rather than sharing profits with consumers, the company is expected to shell out £6.5billion to shareholders. In March, Shell’s annual report showed Mr Van Beurden was remunerated with a high six-figure pay packet – believed to include a basic salary of £1.2million plus £5million in bonuses. But asked how he could justify the record profits as many in the UK face energy bills agony, the fat cat said: “We cannot perform miracles. “I’m very mindful that is a difficult message to hear, but it is what it is”. He claimed only a “miracle” could help consumers. Mr Van Beurden added: “Of course, I’m very aware of the difficulties and the hardship. I’m also very much aware of the difficulty to explain how this is actually a global problem, and a problem that has come about by policy decisions that have been taken.” Campaigner Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK, reacted: “Shell seems to have no humility, wallowing in such immense profits that are completely down to an opportune increase in global oil prices. DON'T MISS:Evacuations underway as massive blaze rips through several homes [REPORT]Traffic trouble as first ever ‘amber’ warning  [INSIGHT]GB News: Sunak lambasted over policies and 'terrible slogan' [REACTION] “Nothing to do with any business acumen, all down to pure market luck.” “He added: I hope the big holding shareholders can sleep well knowing millions are struggling just to pay to heat their homes or fill their tanks to drive to work and medical appointments.” Meanwhile, Darren Jones MP, chair of the House of Commons Business, Industrial, Energy and Strategy select committee, told the Sun: “They haven’t made this money because they are brilliant. They have made this money because Russia invaded Ukraine.” He added: “The main driver of inflation has been high energy bills. It’s in businesses’ interest to not tip the country into recession. “It’s very short-sighted for them to redistribute their wealth through share-buybacks instead of helping customers.” Mr Van Beurden previously faced criticism for stating that Shell would not alter its business strategy after a Dutch court ruled it had to cut its carbon emissions by 45 percent by the end of the decade. In an interview with the Financial Times last week, he argued that green energy policies – not record profiteering – was to blame for the energy crisis. He said: “As long as society believes that by starving [fossil fuel] supply you will somehow force demand to come down as well, that is not a sustainable way of tackling the energy transition. “Supply needs to adjust but it needs to adjust to less demand.”