Manchester United could try and sign Frenkie de Jong on loan to ‘give Barcelona time to figure out his wages’, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. But, such is Erik ten Hag’s determination to reunite with his compatriot, the Red Devils are refusing to give up. Manchester United have agreed an initial £63million deal for De Jong, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. The Red Devils are convinced the midfielder is willing to move to the Premier League, despite widespread reports in Catalonia claiming the Netherlands international isn’t interested. One sticking point, however, is the money Barcelona owe the player. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, De Jong - like many of his team-mates - agreed to a temporary deduction in salary. That means Barcelona now owe their midfielder between £14m and £17m in deferred wages, an amount they’re reluctant to pay despite spending big on the likes of Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has now suggested United may try and get De Jong on loan so the Catalan giants can sort out his wage issue. Man Utd transfers: Ferguson 'intervenes' as Man Utd desperately try to block Ronaldo exit “I think they would take de Jong even if it came down to deadline day,” he said. “I think he’s that important to the way that they map it out that they would allow this to drag on and they’re expecting that it will drag on. “We might even get to the stage where they will begin to look at whether they can take him on loan to give Barcelona time to figure out a way to sort out his wages.” While that’s one possibility, it still seems unlikely. Barcelona would prefer to get rid of De Jong permanently so they can use the money from any potential sale to register their new recruits. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  In addition to Raphinha and Lewandowski, they’ve also snapped up Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. Christensen has decided to leave Chelsea for the Nou Camp, while Kessie has joined on a free transfer from Serie A champions AC Milan. Barcelona also need to re-register Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto, who have both signed new contracts in Catalonia. So, with De Jong, it’ll be interesting to see what happens. United aren’t the only team being linked with the player, with interest from Chelsea also being pushed from overseas. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The Blues would be able to offer the midfielder a chance to play in the Champions League, something United can’t after their sixth-placed finish last term. But, right now, there’s nothing concrete when it comes to Chelsea potentially hijacking a deal. Former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor, meanwhile, recently claimed the Blues would be a better fit for De Jong than United. “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts,” he told talkSPORT. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here