The Princess Royal is among the hardest-working members of the Firm as she continues to fill her diary with engagements with little concern for the summer break. An analysis of the Court Circular - the official record detailing all the public engagements carried out by senior royals - shows that, between July 18 and 22, the 71-year-old completed nine official engagements. Moreover, between July 25 and 29, Princess Anne is scheduled to be carrying out 10 official duties. Other over-70s senior members of the Firm such as Prince Charles and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, have also attended several visits over the past few weeks and don't show any desire to slow down in their service to the Queen and the Crown. On the other hand, younger members of the Royal Family such as the Cambridges have been absent from the public eye over the past few days. On July 13, a video circulating on social media appeared to show Kate, William, their three children and dog Orla jetting off on a helicopter, possibly taking them to a holiday destination. Kate and Prince William normally try to take breaks from their duties whenever their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are off school. The hands-on parents are known to be trying to give their sons and daughter a childhood as normal as possible despite their current and future roles. Prior to their trip, Kate and William's last public engagement outside of palace walls was on July 10, when they watched the men's singles final at Wimbledon with their eldest son Prince George. While a comparison of the public diaries of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Anne appear to be showing a lack of balance in the distribution of the royal workload in recent days, one royal expert noted Prince William and Kate's popularity and commitment to causes close to their heart is particularly impactful even if they don't carry out as many engagements as their older peers. READ MORE: Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The Royal Family carry out over 3,000 engagements annually and are attached to over 3,000 institutions. "This represents a very significant link with the charitable sector. "The Queen has links with more than 500 institutions and Prince Charles with more than 400. "He and Princess Anne, who has connections with more than 300, invariably carry out the most engagements and both are extremely hard working. "His work for his Trust and hers for Save the Children are especially admired." Princess Anne started collaborating with Save the Children UK more than five decades ago and has been often praise for her hands-on approach to the charity's work. Commenting on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's workload, Mr Fitzwilliams added: "The Cambridges have fewer patronages but their links with them give enormous boosts to mental health, the environment, the fight against the illegal wildlife trade, homelessness and, for Catherine, the early years of childhood. "The interest in the Cambridges is such that the benefits are often both national and international. "The Wessexes also have fewer numerically, but their work is indispensable. "Obviously the pandemic affected royal charitable activity, but a lot was and is being done virtually. "The Queen, who suffers from mobility problems, is a master of the virtual broadcast. "When Prince Philip died he had some 750 patronages, older royals took on a great many." Another royal commentator had previously spoken about Kate and William's different approach to royal duties when compared to the one traditionally embraced by older members of the Firm. Royal expert Ian Lloyd - author of The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II - told Express.co.uk last year: "William and Kate - and so Harry and Meghan - look at public service in different way, they are not just into flower shows and cutting ribbons, they are actually thinking about what is affecting the country at this moment - such as mental health." The author added younger royals are keener on supporting wider initiatives "that have an impact on people" and focusing on a few major topics rather than gathering hundreds of patronages.