Fire pits are the perfect addition to any garden and are best enjoyed on a cool, clear evening. While these warming features are constantly filled with coal or wood, cleaning them is more important than you think. Here’s how clean a fire pit properly so you can continue to enjoy it for years to come. Fire pits come in multiple different materials ranging from stone and steel to copper and cast iron. No matter what type of fire pit you choose, it will need to be cleaned regularly to keep it attractive, safe, and in good working order. Firepit.co.uk said: “By not looking after your fire pit you run the risk of rust or a build up of stubborn ash. “Cleaning and maintaining them regularly will be the key to your fire pit lasting for years!” So what’s the best method for cleaning each type of fire pit? READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes Corten steel and regular steel should both be treated the same to keep dirt and ash deposits from ruining your fire pit. To clean a steel fire pit, hot soapy water is the best method to avoid damaging the sleek finish. Starting with a cold fire pit, remove any ash or debris using a dust pan and brush. Next, fill a large bucket with hot soapy water and use a soft cloth to soak in the cleansing liquid. Wring the cloth out an wipe over the entire fire pit. You may need to rinse the cloth in between to prevent the spread of ash. Rinse with clean water and wipe dry to reveal a clean pit. Firepit.co.uk said: “Rust will develop over time after exposure to weather, but this protects the inside layer of corten steel. It will give your pit it's own striking appearance.” White vinegar is the best natural remedy for most fire pits, especially if you’re trying to remove coal stains. Always work with a cold fire pit before attempting to remove any ash or debris. Mix equal parts white vinegar and water in a bucket and scrub onto the stone with a stiff bristled brush. Leave to dry to reveal your clean fire pit. For cast iron features, you may need to re-paint and re-seal the surface to prevent rust. DON'T MISS:14 most fragrant plants to grow in your garden [REVEAL]Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant [INSIGHT]‘No reason to stop’: 4 plants to sow now for late summer [LATEST] Copper will look best with a multi-step approach to cleaning the fire pit. Once the ash and debris is removed, hose down the entire pit to lift lingering dirt. Use a soft cloth with plenty of hot, soapy water to clean the feature and leave to dry. For some added shine, use a clean microfiber cloth to buff the dry surface in circular motions. Wood ash can be disposed of in your garden once cooled completely. Always place it in a heat resistant bin after removing it from the fire pit and leave for a week until transferring it into the garden. From this point, you can use small amounts in your compost pile to reap the benefits of this natural ingredient. Using it in your compost heap works to balance out your soil as it becomes fertiliser, add nutrients to the ground and deter common pests such as slugs and snails. Wood ash is recyclable with your garden waste, though coal ash is not, and should be disposed with in general waste.