Hugh Grant, 61, has called Priti Patel "the worst Home Secretary in British history" after he posted about his recent experience at Heathrow. The actor took to social media to share a photo of the busy terminal alongside with a message to his followers about the "inhumane" experience. Hugh shared a picture of the insanely busy Heathrow terminal last night in view of his 812,300 Twitter followers. He captioned the post: "Dear Visitors to the UK, I apologise for the way you are treated on arrival. "Terminal 3 Heathrow just now was a disgrace and inhumane. "I’m afraid we have the worst Home Secretary in British history." READ MORE: Emily Atack proudly shows off ‘beer belly’ as she poses in tiny bikini Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on the Hollywood actor's bold statement. One social media user asked for more details about who was in the picture and what it was showing. Hugh replied: "It's a queue for immigration contact. Which is staffed and run by the Home Office. "We're not allowed to call Brexiteers thick but it's a struggle sometimes." Ohhiyabecky said in reference to Hugh's Love Actually role as Prime Minister: "Please be our PM. You portrayed it beautifully and we desperately need common sense to navigate their waters muddied by the Tories. Please please please." Mauricefir added: "Agreed, we arrived at Heathrow in the middle of June and, amidst piles of abandoned or misdirected luggage, waited almost 2 hours at the baggage carousel for our luggage. "What a welcome to this country, and it has been getting progressively worse every day since then." Hugh has been always very vocal on his opinion on the Government's handling of situations in the UK, and this was no different in January. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood admits ‘ruining’ proposal as she opens up on fiance [COMMENT] Lorraine Kelly puts on sombre display at Deborah James funeral [LATEST] Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [PICS] The actor hit out at the government over plans to scrap the licence fee that funds the BBC. This led to him calling out politicians as "spittle-flecked nut jobs" who "want to destroy" the corportartion. He then in February showed his support for an anti-Boris Johnson march taking place in May. Refusing to let it go, Hugh mocked ministers' support of Boris Johnson and Sue Gray in May after the report. His message read: "It’s amazing how many of the Cabinet support #JohnsonOut122 with similar words." The post included screenshots of comments by Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss and Sajid David. Hugh also retweeted a post by Pointless host Richard Osman that said: "I think I just need one or two more cabinet ministers to tell me it’s time to move on. "15 isn’t enough, but I think 17 would probably do it."