Our country has been in the doldrums; the pandemic has laid us low; we have an ongoing cost-of-living crisis. But, yesterday, the England women’s football team provided the perfect tonic by defeating Germany in dramatic fashion at packed Wembley Stadium. But there’s more to it than that. This team, including its serene Dutch coach, has conducted itself with unbridled enthusiasm and dignity – and what they have achieved will work wonders for women’s sport. The atmosphere in the stadium was electric – a family occasion, sport at its absolute best. It’s come home at last.   ------------------------------ Support our farmers Who is largely responsible for maintaining our green and pleasant land? The answer is farmers. Who is responsible for ensuring that the UK is 60 percent self-sufficient in food? The answer is farmers. And which sector of our economy feels largely ignored by successive governments? Sadly, the answer again is farming. So we welcome the announcement by Tory leadership favourite Liz Truss that she plans to “unleash British food and farming”. It is shocking that some farmers have been forced to let fruit and vegetables rot in their fields because of a lack of itinerant workers. And for too long we have taken for granted the huge contribution – £120billion a year – farming makes to the economy. Ms Truss wants to address this by throwing off the shackles imposed on us by the EU and promises to update the seasonal worker's scheme. Rishi Sunak, too, promises to introduce huge reforms to farming. We hope whoever wins this contest will be true to their words. ------------------------------ We are the first to acknowledge the achievements of the Prince of Wales’s Charitable Trust over more than 30 years, during which time millions in grants have been awarded to good causes. But it beggars belief how his charity could have accepted £1million from the family of Osama Bin Laden, the man who masterminded the 9/11 attacks. Clarence House insists Charles did not broker the deal or ignore advice from courtiers about not accepting the money. But, sadly, his judgment has been called into question, and not for the first time. He is the heir to the throne. How he conducts himself and the company he keeps impact directly on the monarchy’s future. We now hear he will cut back his fundraising to focus on supporting the Queen. That is the right decision – because Charles cannot take the respect of the British people for granted. ------------------------------