Many entrepreneurs find themselves working long hours and constantly thinking about their projects, and Sir Richard Branson, who turns 72 today, is no different. The biggest difference may be that Sir Richard's incredible business portfolio earns him an estimated $17million (£14.1million) per month. Despite owning Virgin Group, one of the biggest brands in the world, Branson is still a frugal spender with his most lavish purchases more intended as additional businesses rather than a personal indulgence. Sir Richard is currently estimated to be worth over $4billion (£3.34billion), with most of his wealth coming from Virgin. However, Sir Richard has his fingers in a few other pies with Twitter, Slack and Pinterest all forming part of his company’s venture capital portfolio. Virgin Group includes over 40 Virgin companies in more than 35 countries with one of the latest additions, Virgin Galactic, taking the CEO to the final frontier. Sir Richard ventured into space in 2021, becoming the first billionaire to fly his own spacecraft to the edge of space. READ MORE: Dolly Parton's 'emotional affair' left her so wracked with guilt she considered suicide Amazon founder Jeff Bezos followed a mere nine days later, and along with Elon Musk the three entrepreneurs have created a billionaire space race. Virgin Galactic is expected to start offering a form of space tourism as a commercial venture, as Sir Richard noted: “We’re here to make space more accessible to all." This also means Sir Richard’s net worth may not have reached its peak yet. Sir Richard had a middle-class upbringing in Blackheath, London, where a teacher predicted he would either become a prisoner or a billionaire. He has stuck to his roots despite his vast wealth, with the savvy businessman preferring to add more capital to his businesses than anything else. Contrary to what many believe the lifestyle of a billionaire entails, Sir Richard has often spoken out against buying expensive artwork and gambling, and instead likes to give big tips for workers. Sir Richard told This Is Money in 2006 the biggest tip he had left was plane tickets, equivalent to £4,000, which he gave to a London cab driver. Although, this is not to say the billionaire has not made some lavish purchases. Sir Richard owns an island in the Caribbean, a safari camp in Kenya, a private plane, vineyard and houseboat in London. However, he has not used these as personal getaways as each of these are available to rent. The Kenyan camp, Mahali Mzuri, was voted the best hotel in the world and offers 12 unique tented accommodations. People can also rent Sir Richard’s private island, Necker Island, for exclusive use which can sleep up to 48 guests in 24 rooms which will set one back $128,000 (£106,000) per night. When he originally purchased the island in 1979 it is believed Sir Richard paid $180,000 (£150,000), giving him an incredible return on investment for this particular purchase. Sir Richard has not been shy with his business advice either, quipping in 2018 that space race competitor Mr Musk should be getting more sleep and needs to “learn the art of delegation". Sir Richard started his business journey at just 16, founding the Student magazine which sold thousands worth of advertising for the first issue. He would quickly drop out of school to promote his magazine and then went on to start a mail-order record business called Virgin in 1969. The profits from Virgin would be used later to start the music label Virgin Records, which helped Sir Richard earn his first $1million (£830,000) by 1973. Sir Richard would continue to nurture and expand the Virgin brand over the years to create the ginormous business empire he now holds the key to.