Rafael Nadal secured a comfortable straight sets win over Lorenzo Sonego in the third round of Wimbledon. The World No 4’s win was comfortable but he found himself giving his Italian opponent a stern talking to - and fans were not particularly impressed by his actions. Nadal defeated Sonego 6-1 6-2 6-4 to secure his first straight sets win of this year’s Championships after having dropped a set in each of his first two matches. It means Nadal is into the fourth round for the 10th time in his 15th appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, while he is eyeing his third major title of the year after winning the Australian Open and the Roland Garros tournament. While Nadal often attempts to steer clear of controversies, the Spaniard found himself in the midst of a confrontation with Sonego. The 22-time Grand Slam champion became frustrated with his opponent and appeared to lecture him at the net. Nadal was unhappy about Sonego making too much noise during a point. The bone of contention came as Nadal thought the 27-year-old made a sound before actually striking the ball. READ MORE: Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute While he is cited as one of the greatest examples of sportsmanship in the sporting world, Nadal’s discussion in front fo the chair umpire has been criticised. Play resumed shortly after, but fans were frustrated by his antics and suggested he had been hypocritical. “You just don’t do that during a match,” Gary Alford (@galfor) wrote. “Imagine every time Rafa took over the allotted time his opponents pulled him for a chat.” Jennifer Mangum (@jenndives) added that it was frustrating Nadal escaped penalty, writing: “Ridiculous that Rafa can do or say anything he wants and it’s always perfect! Give me a break. Another user, @UtdSahil wrote: “By the way so called humble goat, Rafael Nadal distracted his opponent last night no one is blaming him or calling him out, they literally appreciate that too. If it was Nick he banned for lifetime lol.” DON'T MISSAustralian Open relax Covid rules but Djokovic may still be bannedRoger Federer sends Wimbledon crowd wild and shares chat with Djokovic'Ashamed to be British' Wimbledon fans cringe at Cliff Richard  Finally, user Laura B (@avasbar20) added: “For Rafa of ALL people, to complain about the noises a player is making during a game is just hysterical. There aren’t (m)any players who make a louder or more revolting noise than he does every goddamn point.” When asked about the incident at the end, Nadal quashed suggestions that the conversation at the net was heated. After the win, Nadal said: “Not spicy at all - I just from the bottom of my heart I didn't make it in a negative way I feel sorry if I bothered him but I did it in a right way. “I feel really bad now if I bothered him so I feel sorry for that. That's it - I will talk to him after but this is not a problem.”