We have heard a lot about the vision for taxation, Net Zero, and Brexit - but we have heard much less about support for families. Penny Mordaunt promised to deliver a childcare budget to give families a greater choice - but whoever the next leader is, whether it is Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak, parents are going to need more support than ever in a post-pandemic world, as the cost of living crisis takes hold. Young people suffered possibly more than any other group during the pandemic and the extent of the damage is now tantamount to another public health emergency. The two candidates standing to be the next leader of the country must clearly set out their commitment to children and families, doubling down on policies formed under the previous government and going further still, in order to prevent an entire generation from being left behind. New data has emerged in recent weeks that further underline these concerns, bringing to light the academic and developmental shortcomings after months of enduring lockdown. Last week, disappointing SATs results sounded alarm bells about the progress of under tens in particular. It followed a report in May by the Education Endowment Foundation which found that the development of Key Stage 1 pupils – those aged between five and seven – has been severely affected over the last two years. Children starting school in England are struggling with their emotional wellbeing, and have lower attainment in both maths and reading compared to pre-pandemic cohorts.  The picture is similar for older children - figures from the TES in June showed that almost four-fifths of teachers are concerned that pupils leaving primary school this year will not be emotionally or socially ready for secondary school, while three-quarters are worried that incoming Year 7 students will be academically unprepared. It is not just academic progress that is been halted - according to data from the NHS Confederation the rates of "probable mental disorders in children aged six to 16 has increased from 11.6 per cent to 17.4 per cent over a four year period." A failure to fully tackle the impact of the pandemic today risks a serious crisis tomorrow in the education, health and mental wellbeing of the "covid generation". Parents we speak to around the country are worried about their ability to raise a child who is resilient and able to succeed. As with the cost of living, it is extremely likely that resolving this crisis will be a metric on which the government is judged at the next general election. The Family Hubs initiative, launched in the first half of this year following a pledge made in the Conservatives’ 2019 General Election manifesto, is a great example of a policy the next leader should not only carry over, but enhance. The same is true of the Supporting Families initiative.  Thanks to funding for Family Hubs, signed off and made available to local authorities in 82 local areas across England, parents will have access to some of the crucial information and support services they need to get back on track. Continuity and consistency in early years support is vitally needed now, and losing the progress already made with delays or pivots in strategy would only add to the damage caused by the pandemic. Speaking to parents and families, we know mums and dads feel there is a real stigma attached to asking for extra support. The absence of political dialogue around the issue only exacerbates the sense that struggling parents need to suffer in silence. We need political leaders to talk about parenting support programmes as a natural next step to antenatal classes - that many parents, particularly first-time parents, attend as the norm and without hesitation. Family Hubs offer that stepping stone. By offering evidence-based parenting programmes in-person and self-directed online, we can start to take away the fear of judgement that holds parents back. Instead, as a one-stop-shop for parenting needs, the Hubs can become a welcoming and open space that parents feel confident reaching out to.  The Johnson administration did much to recognise the importance of early years - our next leader must take this to the next level. Making Family Hubs a priority and protecting investment in the Supporting Families and the Reducing Parental Conflict programmes would be a good first step in the right direction. There are many constituent parts to the Hubs, including parenting services like Triple P, but advocating their overall success at a political level will not only destigmatize a valuable resource for parents, but help leadership candidates stand out amongst their peers. The winning candidate will take up their post at the same time as children returning to school this September. The new Prime Minister should ensure every child is given the maximum support to recover what they lost out on during the pandemic. Parenting is the golden thread that runs through so many policy areas, from excellent education, to low crime, to good mental and physical health. As every parent knows, getting it right in the early years sets a child up for life. Getting the policy right on parenting can do the same for a new government. Matt Buttery is the Chief Executive of Triple P UK & Ireland. 