Toto Wolff has leapt to the defence of superstar driver Lewis Hamilton following his difficult start to the 2022 F1 season. Hamilton has struggled to hit his usual heights this year as his Mercedes car has been hampered by porpoising problems. And Wolff doesn’t like how the 37-year-old has been treated. “I need to protect him because people have started to hit out at him, which is not right,” Wolff told the Square Mile. “It's complete nonsense - he's the greatest driver of all-time. The car is just sub-par. “George [Russell] has sometimes struggled a bit less because he's maybe used to driving difficult cars at the back of the grid, but Lewis was unlucky on many occasions. He could have scored another two podiums and then the pendulum would have swung. So it (the apology) is to make sure that everybody comprehends that the car is not performing and not that the driver is at fault.” Hamilton is one of the greatest drivers in the history of F1 and is joint-top alongside Michael Schumacher in the all-time title standings after landing seven world championships. The veteran would have even had a record eighth title to his name had the 2021 season not ended in such a controversial fashion as he lost a final-lap shootout with eventual champion Max Verstappen at the season-decider in Abu Dhabi. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo explains team-mate 'fear' and change in Lando Norris partnership     But F1 teams redesigned their cars over the winter in the wake of a whole host of regulation changes. And the Silver Arrows have struggled to match the designs of Red Bull and Ferrari, with Hamilton and his team-mate Russell unable to win a single race between them. Hamilton, especially, has come under fire for his performances and had to contend with the disappointment of a 10th-place finish in Saudi Arabia and a 13th-place finish in Imola during the opening weeks of the season. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton to gain new advantage for French Grand Prix Max Verstappen engineer discusses relationship after 'shut up' comment Max Verstappen backed up as Daniel Ricciardo slams F1 fans    But the Stevenage-born ace has looked more impressive in recent weeks and has finished on the podium at the last three races in Canada, Britain and Austria. And he is closing the gap on those above him in the Drivers’ Championship. Hamilton will be hoping to continue his upward trajectory when he lines up on the starting grid at Sunday’s French Grand Prix. The Briton won the race at the Circuit Paul Ricard in 2018 and 2019. And if he can defy the odds to taste success once again this weekend, he’ll surely be confident that he can enjoy a few good months ahead before the season comes to an end. 