Arsenal remain interested in bringing Lucas Paqueta and Youri Tielemans to the Emirates Stadium before the new Premier League campaign gets underway, according to reports. The Gunners have already done plenty of work to improve their ranks over the course of this summer, with Marquinhos, Matt Turner, Fabio Vieira and Gabriel Jesus all having joined the north Londoners since the end of the previous campaign. Mikel Arteta is thought to be keen on making a few more additions before the end of the transfer window, though, as he looks to prepare his squad for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League next season. One player who appears to be firmly on Arsenal's radar is Paqueta, who has also been linked with a potential move to Tottenham in the not-too-distant future.The Brazilian playmaker chipped in with six assists and nine goals for Lyon over the course of last season, with his attacking contributions helping the French heavyweights to secure an eighth-placed finish in Ligue 1. Arsenal remain interested in striking a deal to land Paqueta but are yet to firm up their plans with an official bid as things stand, according to CBS Sports.It seems as though Paqueta could definitely be on the move this summer, with the likes of Newcastle United and Tottenham also having been linked with his services over the last few months. Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas has already revealed that a number of bids have been tabled for the 24-year-old, which suggests that Arsenal will need to accelerate their interest in his signature to stand any chance of thrashing out a deal over the coming weeks. JUST IN: Man Utd 'enquire' about PSG star but £29.6m tag is 'complicating' deal "There are proposals for him," said Aulas when quizzed on Paqueta's immediate future, as reported by Goal. "There are certain players who can feel complete in the project, and others who don't."Economically, we have the means to pursue our ideas and objectives. The coach gave us his opinion and there is also what the players want to do."Tielemans, meanwhile, has also been mentioned in connection with a summer move from Leicester City to Arsenal for some time. His current deal at the King Power Stadium is set to expire at the end of next season as things stand and it has been suggested that Leicester may look to sell over the coming weeks to avoid losing him on a free transfer next year. A move for Tielemans is said to be within the realms of possibility for Arsenal this summer, with the Gunners still believed to be in contact with the player's camp regarding his potential availability. Arteta was recently urged to push hard in his efforts to land the Belgian by former England striker Darren Bent, who believes that Arsenal could benefit from providing Thomas Partey with some additional injury cover in advance of next season."I am hoping there is still an opportunity for Tielemans to come in as well," Bent told talkSPORT last month. "He’s a good player, a really good player. You can’t have one player for every position."Arsenal are in Europe again, so I am sure there is more [money]. But he [Partey] doesn’t stay fit, so we need as many good players as we can." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here