This ‘Upstairs, Downstairs’ attitude from too many Conservative MPs is not only sad but embarrassing for our country. Working-class people the length and breadth of Britain face outdated attitudes every day, being constantly looked down upon and told they’re not good enough. The people who built Britain, treated with such disrespect. Ever since my visit to Glyndebourne to watch a performance of the Marriage of Figaro and the Deputy Prime Minister’s insulting comments last week, it’s been heartening to hear from musicians, performers and directors - as well as lots of classical music fans of all walks of life and backgrounds - about how angry they are to see these attitudes trotted out by out-of-touch Government Ministers who should be supporting the arts in Britain, instead of treating them like some exclusive private members’ club.The slashing of music teaching in schools and colleges, and the neglect of classical music have blocked more people from discovering the pleasure of opera.I know not everyone is a fan, and I like a pop concert or a night in front of the telly too, but why shouldn’t I - and why shouldn’t all of us -have the chance to enjoy the opera if we want?I paid sixty quid for my ticket, less than a third of the price of a Glastonbury wristband I might add. I know many world-famous British institutions do offer cheaper seats and tickets.Don’t let anyone tell you that it’s simply not for you. Never let anyone tell you you’re not good enough.Unfortunately, these attitudes aren’t just constrained to the opera, they run through public life. I often get the Mickey taken out of me for my Northern accent or for the grammar I use.Sometimes it causes a nightmare for the reporters in Parliament who transcribe what I say. But I don’t compromise because I’m proud of who I am.I’ll stand my ground. Even if you don’t always agree with me, I say it how I see it.I say it how it is. There is no pretence and my voice is an authentic one.Having spent so many years being looked down on and being ashamed of my background, I internalised that low sense of self-worth. I learnt that, and then I unlearned it. Now I’m proud of where I come from and who I represent.  I was proud to speak at an IPPR event this week on encouraging more working-class people to step forward into public life, particularly after the Tories’ failure over the last 12 years to bring people together and make Britain work for everyone.If our institutions don’t represent a country, the disconnect will only grow.While Tories are intent on sowing culture wars, Labour is passionate about backing those working to widen access to public life. Our ambition is for a Britain where all our children are supported to become confident and creative young people who enjoy music, arts, sport, and culture. We should be celebrating people who want to get on and achieve in this country. Dominic Raab’s snobbery should have no place in today's Britain. 