Queen Elizabeth was spotted on Thursday afternoon being driven from her Berkshire residence at Windsor Castle, wearing a bright yellow and purple floral dress. Her Majesty, 96, is likely to spend several months at the estate, and she will certainly be joined by other members of the Royal Family throughout the summer. Unlike royal properties including Buckingham Palace, the castle is the residence of the royals and not the crown. What is it like inside?  The estate house is based in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, and had intensive refurbishments after it was first bought, as the original house was deemed to be too small. It covers around 50,000 acres and is a working estate with grouse moors, forestry and farmland. In 2017, the Queen met with Canadian Governor General Designate Julie Payette and royal photographers were welcomed into the property. During their private audience, photographers snapped pictures of the large drawing room, which had a light green carpet and a three-piece furniture set.  READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan The room had large wooden bookshelves along the wall and a small mahogany cabinet with a flatscreen TV placed on top. Photographs showed the room was decorated with yellow and pink flowers and there was a large fireplace with a clock and mirror above it. The green armchairs were decorated with a number of cushions which had a cream and red pattern across them. When Governor General Designate of Canada, Michaelle Jean, met the Queen at the castle in 2005, another snap revealed more about the property.  Another room showed a mint green couch next to a table with a green floral lamp resting on it. In the background, there was a table covered by a tartan throw and the place was given a homely feel with a selection of framed family photos. The room was also decorated with flowers dotted about and a large painting hanging on the wall. The Queen usually travels to Balmoral from the middle to the end of July, but she first stays at Craigowan Lodge.  READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure This is the stone cottage which is located a mile from the main Balmoral Castle. She will reside at the seven-bedroom lodge until her main Scottish residence closes to the public on August 2. The Queen tends to stay in Scotland until September/October time before her royal duties resume. Scotland is considered to be one of the Queen's favourite places on Earth. She and her late husband Prince Philip even spent part of their honeymoon at Birkhall hunting lodge located on the estate in 1947.  The Balmoral estate is where the Royal Family can relax away from their usual royal duties and enjoy the quieter life in the countryside. In the ITV documentary, Our Queen at Ninety, Princess Eugenie spoke about the wonder of Balmoral. "It's the most beautiful place on earth," she said. Eugenie went on to say: "I think Granny is the most happy there, I think she really, really loves the Highlands... Walks, picnics, dogs - a lot of dogs, there's always dogs! And people coming in and out all the time. "Family-wise we're all there, so it's a lovely base for Granny and Grandpa to be - for us to come and see them up there, where you just have room to breathe and run."  