The 62-year-old appeared on Vick Hope’s ITV Breakfast show on Sunday and revealed he thinks of the best lines in an argument with his wife of 12 years once they’ve finished their row. GB News host Eamonn appeared as a guest alongside comedian Nabil Abdulrashid. At the start of the show, Vick told her two guests they were going to be learning what today’s "brave new word" was going to be. This is a segment where the presenter reveals a word from another language not used in England but she believes should be. Sunday's word, which comes from Germany, was Treppenwitz. Treppinwitz describes all of the things someone should have said in the heat of the moment but they only think of when it’s too late.   Asking her guests if they’ve ever ‘Treppinwitzed’ Eamonn admitted he had. The 62-year-old revealed he’s experienced it once when interviewing magician David Blayne. He recalled: “He decided not to speak, it was basically the longest six minutes of my life. “It was only afterwards you think ‘why didn’t I say this’ or ‘I should have said that to him.' “I did fill the empty time but you think of all the best lines after." The GB News host then shared an insight into his arguments with wife Ruth. He said: “It’s a bit like having an argument with Ruth, I think of all the best lines after!” Although he did have words of praise for his wife when he was asked about his ideal Sunday breakfast.   Eamonn told Vick: “Well, Ruth is really the master of the kitchen on a Sunday which is really good. “She’s very good at a big fry-up on a Sunday. I don’t mind the cooking, it's the washing up! “We do the big breakfasts and the Sunday newspapers and all that sort of thing.”   Eamonn and Ruth were together for 13 years before they decided to tie the knot back in 2020. The duo were at the helm of Friday’s instalment of ITV’s This Morning which they co-presented for 15 years. Although Eamonn was let go by the broadcaster he claims to have been given no explanation for the exit which saw Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary replace the husband and wife duo last January. Now, Eamonn co-hosts a show on GB News alongside  Isabel Webster and has said the channel has been very welcoming to his arrival.  