Boris Johnson's resignation on Thursday came after days of anxious anticipation where it seemed he would cling on at all costs. His speech to the nation laid blame primarily on the "Parliamentary Conservative Party" and didn't include the words "I resign" leading to immediate controversy. But no matter how much he might want to throw his hat in the ring again, the Prime Minister cannot enter the running again. Mr Johnson will go down in history as a Prime Minister who bucked convention, a fact unlikely to change as the 1922 Committee elects his replacement. He and his allies still believe he has support among Conservative voters and a "mandate" from 14 million Britons who voted in 2019. But unlike the UK, whose conventions often went unobserved by Mr Johnson's Government, Tory internal governance comes with a constitution. READ MORE: Boris able to sway Tory leadership vote amid 'huge grassroots support' The "Constitution of the Conservative Party" has clear rules for Prime Ministers who resign. Under the constitution's "rules for the election of the leader", leaders who resign cannot contest the following race. The rule specified: “A leader who resigns is not eligible to contest the subsequent leadership election.” With one such election now on the cards, Conservative officials have evidently determined he has resigned and cannot run to replace himself as leader. Nevertheless, political experts and those closely watching events over the last few days have questioned whether his speech truly constituted a resignation. Sky News presenter Sophy Ridge asked via Twitter whether "the PM has actually resigned". Her colleague Sam Coates, the channel's deputy political editor, said the passage in which he said he would serve "until a new leader is in place" indicated a resignation. But Mr Coates conceded the statement was "oddly - fuzzily - worded". Some have suggested the Prime Minister was struggling to say he had resigned out of a sense of pride, something not unusual for Mr Johnson. Not long after he first took office in 2019, he told supporters he would be "dead in a ditch" before asking the EU for an extension to Brexit discussions. When Parliament ultimately forced him to request that extension, he sent an unsigned, formal letter in protest. Although ruled out of the running, at least for now, he may wish to return further down the line. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, former Transport Secretary Mary Creagh warned he would follow Sir Winston Churchill's example. She said she thought the Prime Minister "has an eye on a comeback" and is waiting for one of the "next couple of dozen people, the wannabes" to give way to Labour. Ms Creagh added he was waiting for them to come in and "lose the next election for Labour to be in power". Then he would choose to make a "dramatic comeback as Churchill did", noting the wartime PM's 1951 return after resigning in 1951.