Just 8,898 were visited by assessors in person – 59 percent of the total – at a time desperate families were begging authorities to intervene. It means relatives of sick and vulnerable residents – some routinely denied visiting rights – have no idea whether more than 6,000 others are safe, effective, caring or well-managed. That’s because no on-site scrutiny has taken place for two-and-a-half years. Dismayed campaigners told the Care Quality Commission regulator to shape up or ship out. Helen Wildbore, director of the Residents & Residents Association, said: “These figures show the stark reality of CQC’s lack of action to protect people in the most vulnerable of situations in the pandemic. “Older people are being badly let down when they need them the most.” Around one in five homes is currently rated inadequate or requiring improvement according to the CQC. But specialists fear the care crisis could be significantly worse because inspectors failed to show up at a time families were banned. That effectively means no one can be sure of what was happening inside facilities, some charging £1,000 a week. Figures also show one quarter of care home residents live in failing surroundings – so 100,000 are stuck in a home where their safety could be at risk. The Daily Express asked the watchdog how the 15,056 homes it is responsible for are rated and how many in-person probes were carried out between the first national lockdown on March 23, 2020 and July 1 this year. Inspections across 831 days totalled 12,050. But 576 of those homes are now inactive or deregulated. It means 6,158 homes have not been checked. Some 231 are ranked inadequate and 2,489 requiring improvement. A further 464 have no published rating while there is insufficient evidence to pass judgment on four.  Ms Wildbore added: “With one in five people living in a poor care home and almost half of homes not inspected since the start of the pandemic, people are lost in the system with no one to safeguard their rights. The regulator needs an urgent wake-up call.” Despite a vociferous crusade spearheaded by furious families, ministers have refused to make visiting a legal right. CQC claims it is powerless to act, saying it is governed by regulations set by Parliament. Homes and hospitals remain free to dictate terms of access because official guidance remains voluntary, not mandatory. Parliament’s Joint Committee on Human Rights last week said thousands of care home residents and their families had been failed by those with a legal duty to protect them because draconian visiting restrictions, implemented at the height of Covid-19, still exist. It called for the immediate implementation of legal rights to allow access, which could see the introduction of Gloria’s Law, named after the mother of actress Ruthie Henshall, who died in a care home in May 2021, aged 88. The committee made a stinging attack on CQC and the Department of Health and Social Care, which drew up the guidance. It stated: “Some restrictions on visiting rights that were implemented national lockdowns persist in the care sector, despite Government guidance indicating ‘there should not normally be any restrictions to visits into or out of the care home’.  “The Joint Committee finds restrictions can be harmful to care users and detrimental to their wellbeing.” The cross-party group, chaired by SNP MP Joanna Cherry, warned gaps remain in how vulnerable people are protected in care, leaving their human rights at risk. The intervention follows a warning “harm and misery” are still being endured by millions in a broken health and social care system. CQC ranks homes as outstanding, good, requires improvement, or inadequate and makes ratings based on inspections. Figures also show 11,229 are good and 639 outstanding. Kate Terroni, chief Inspector of Adult Social Care, said: “The pandemic has been particularly difficult for those living in care homes and their families. “We have taken action throughout to help keep people safe in care settings, including undertaking more than 12,000 inspections. “CQC made a decision to pause routine inspections during the pandemic in part to limit the number of people entering care homes. However, as part of our new strategy, we have continued to inspect based on risk and the intelligence we hold on providers. “CQC has also conducted over 12,100 calls to providers as part of an Emergency Support Framework.”  Helpless Judith Aniolkowski said the pain and heartache endured by care home residents and their families throughout Covid is “nothing short of abuse”. For two and a half years her mother Joan Gray, 87 – married for 65 years to Tony, 89 – has been unable to see most of her family due to draconian rules. Judith, 64, claims the Newcastle facility, which is rated good, has been locked down for 127 days this year already due to outbreaks. She said: “Mum has dementia and other severe health and mobility problems. “Dad was struggling to look after her until she was hospitalised in 2020. She was then discharged into nursing care. “Aside from a few socially distanced garden visits and Zoom calls, which she didn’t understand and couldn’t engage with, we had no meaningful contact. “She couldn’t understand why we couldn’t see her and lost a lot of weight. “It was really distressing for us when she was too upset to take part in a call with us on her birthday and we heard her crying, saying she wished she was dead. “Despite the visiting ban, Covid went right through the home and she got that and pneumonia in December 2020 and spent two weeks in hospital. She then got Covid again this year at Easter.” Judith added: “The home has been locked down more than it has been open this year, despite all the jabs, and still having to test and use PPE. Dad is the only one allowed to visit in an outbreak but at his age, he’s not always up to it. “People in homes have been forgotten. It’s nothing short of abuse and I can’t believe it’s still happening.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea