Mike Myers' third instalment of his Austin Powers franchise, Goldmember, today turns 20 years old, first released on July 26, 2002. The loveable spy Powers was portrayed, and created, by Canadian comic Mike Myers, who would also play characters such as Dr Evil, Fat B*****d and Goldmember throughout the three film series. The stories all revolved around secret agents Powers, being transported through time from the 'Swinging Sixties' to the modern day, where he'd attempt to track down and kill his nemesis Dr Evil. The third film, Goldmember, saw the franchise enlist a stellar cast to its line-up with the likes of British legend Sir Michael Caine enlisted to play Powers' father. Beyonce Knowles, as she was then known, was also among the stars on set, playing her now infamous role of Foxxy Cleopatra, Powers' love interest. And even though this was just Beyonce's third time on set, the then-19-year-old was determined her own values would be upheld, including on body image. Goldmember was Beyonce's first outing as an actress after leaving Destiny's Child, the American supergroup that made the star a household name. The film was directed by Jay Roach, and made sure it parodied, most prominently, the likes of spy thrillers James Bond, and as a result became one of the year's biggest box office hits. In a recent interview with Vulture, Myers discussed how Beyonce wanted the image of herself on the film's poster to be adjusted as it didn't reflect exactly what she looked like. The Canadian said that Beyonce's makeup artist, Kate Biscoe, wanted the poster to be redone, regardless of how much it could cost. Myers said: "Beyonce says, ‘You made me too skinny. It’s not me.’ Then she did this hourglass shape. JUST IN: 'Queen!' Beyonce strips naked and rides horse for 'Renaissance' "And I said, ‘Okay, we’ll fix that.’" According to Biscoe, this was the first time an actress had asked their boss to make them look "bigger". She then overheard Beyonce tell Myers that "yes, it's going to cost me thousands of dollars, but I am going to do it". Her role in Austin Powers was soon followed by a string of other flicks, including Dreamgirls and The Pink Panther. DON'T MISS:Beyonce fans 'miss old music' as they slam star's new 'average' single [INSIGHT]Beyonce had ‘major surgery’ during childbirth for serious condition [ANALYSIS]Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [LATEST] She has also voiced a number of characters in animated titles like Epic and The Lion King. But Beyonce remains best-known for her music, and this week her latest album Renaissance is released. The album will be available to stream on Tidal, Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify on July 29. According to Elle, it's unclear what style Beyonce will be going with on this, her seventh solo album, but it's expected to feature her trademark blend of hip-hop, R&B and disco. Writer Edward Enniful, who helped compile a report for Vogue on Beyonce in June, noted how the album's "wall of sound instantly hit me". He continued: "Soaring vocals and fierce beats combine and in a split second I’m transported back to the clubs of my youth. I want to get up and start throwing moves. "It’s music I love to my core. Music that makes you rise, that turns your mind to cultures and subcultures, to our people past and present, music that will unite so many on the dance floor, music that touches your soul. "As ever with Beyoncé, it is all about the intent. I sit back, after the wave, absorbing it all." In an Instagram post from June 30, Beyonce confirmed she'd be keeping the album's content close to her chest. But she told followers that "creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world".