Manchester United expect striker target Brian Brobbey to seal a return to Ajax this summer and that could see Erik ten Hag explore the market for new striker targets. The Dutchman is waiting for the board to react to Cristiano Ronaldo's transfer plea after the Portuguese international indicated his desire to explore a new challenge, due to United's lack of ambition in regards to new signings. Brobbey is among the names of interest to Ten Hag as he targets some fresh attacking impetus. Yet it appears the model United would prefer is a young centre-forward with high potential, that could ideally play deputy to Ronaldo, while learning from his class and experience. However, Brobbey does look in line to return to Ajax this summer following his failed move to RB Leipzig and that could see United turn attentions elsewhere. Express Sport analyses three other potential gems that could fit the bill for Ten Hag as the board look to up the ante in their search for summer signings... READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'growing impatient' over transfers as board receive request Armando Broja It won't be easy to negotiate a deal with Chelsea but if the Blues decide to offload Broja, he would be the perfect signing for United. They know it all too well given the Albanian international bullied their defence in the 1-1 draw with Southampton in February at Old Trafford. Broja is among the best-attacking prospects in European football right now for his age and in his debut top-flight campaign, his credentials were there for all to see. He has strength, positional awareness and loves to finish - just like Brobbey. Yet the difference is, Broja has already proved he can cut it in the Premier League after netting six goals last season for the Saints. While it's not the highest tally, there are not many strikers of his age (20) that have achieved those kinds of numbers for a bottom-half club. In the right environment and with the right coaching, Broja has all the attributes to become a top centre-forward in years to come. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro MartinezBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set Benjamin Sesko Sesko is considered to be the next Erling Haaland in Austria, where he is set to take centre stage next season with RB Salzburg. The 19-year-old Slovenian is the next star off the Salzburg conveyor belt of talent and his potential is frightening. Sesko is a goal machine having racked up 22 goals in 44 outings for Salzburg's feeder side FC Liefering across two seasons. Tottenham and AC Milan are already beginning to circle and United ought to pounce before his price tag inflates. His current scoring rate is similar to that of Haaland and Patson Daka's during their time in Austria and both of those appear to be opportunities missed for United. Goncalo Ramos Finally, 21-year-old Benfica striker Ramos is another player that looks destined for big things. Wolves are reportedly in talks to sign the Portuguese youth international but in terms of finding an adequate, young deputy for Ronaldo - he could be the ideal profile. Ramos is already showing huge promise in Lisbon and he is expected to explode following the departure of Darwin Nunez. At the moment, he is unlikely to cost a huge fee but once again, it won't be long before Benfica are demanding another blockbuster payday. He has a tidy scoring record, averaging one every three games to date and as of now, he is considered to be one of the best-attacking prospects in Portugal.