The rapid advance of the transgender ideology is hailed by supporters as a triumph for tolerance, but it is nothing of the sort. On the contrary, this creed resembles a dangerous cult whose warped values have been imposed on our society by a regiment of zealots using the weapons of mass intimidation and indoctrination. But at last the forces of sanity are striking back. In recent days, the march of the extremists has been checked by a number of welcome blows. The most important was last week’s decision by the NHS to shut the controversial Gender Identity Service at the Tavistock Clinic after an investigation by renowned paediatrician Dr Hilary Cass into claims it rushed children into life-changing treatment due because of its unquestioning attachment to the fashionable trans dogma. These accusations came from both whistle-blowing staff and ex-patients alarmed at how the clinic encouraged young people, in distress about their gender identity, to go down an experimental medical pathway without proper exploration of underlying psychological issues. One shocking case was that of Keira Bell, who subsequently sued the clinic, after being given puberty blockers, cross-sex hormones and a double mastectomy as part of her transition to becoming a man, a process she bitterly regrets and has tried to reverse. Her case encapsulates the grotesque inversion of morality at the heart of the trans agenda, where bodily mutilation and the use of heavy-duty drugs is celebrated as a form of individual liberation and institutional compassion. In this climate of submission to the cruel new religion, the clinic’s caseload soared from 138 referrals in2010/11 to 5,000-plus last year. Fortunately, the Cass review upheld deep concerns about its methods and it will no longer be able to scar more lives. There have been other strikes against extremism, such as an industrial tribunal awarding £22,000 damages to barrister Allison Bailey, following a campaign of victimisation by her employer Garden Court Chambers because of her criticisms of the trans lobby. Ironically, Garden Court boasts of its commitment to human rights, yet its worship of the trans gospel meant it discriminated against a black campaigner for women’s equality. Another positive move was the decision of several sporting bodies to ban trans women from female competition due to their physical advantages. The acceptance of masculine players, no matter how far they have transitioned, would make a mockery of women’s sport, at a time it is enjoying new heights of popularity, as highlighted by the women’s Euros. But despite the fightback, transgenderism still retains a stranglehold on our culture. The NHS desexes its language, using terms such as “pregnant people” in place of “expectant mothers”. Civil servants eagerly reveal their pronouns to show their membership of the cult. Men who self-identify as women are allowed in female-only changing rooms, refuges, hospital wards and even prisons. And in schools, children are seen as fodder for trans brainwashing, as revealed by the growing use of drag queens to read stories or give dance instruction to primary pupils.    This kind of perverted lunacy can be found in politics, where cowardly Labour and Lib Dem frontbenchers can no longer answer the straightforward question “What is a woman?”. Last year, senior Labour MP Dawn Butler even said “a child is born without sex” – a bizarre denial of scientific reality. There is nothing progressive about this movement. In fact, it is utterly reactionary, the concept of gender reduced to an emotive, often misogynistic collection of outdated stereotypes of masculinity and femininity. Like witch hunters of the past rooting out heretics, the activists are not interested in debate, only in silencing opponents. So distorted is the macho ethos of this totalitarian world, that lesbians are often labelled bigots because they don’t want to date self-identifying trans women with male organs. This insanity must stop, otherwise much of society’s progress towards emancipation will be undone. Fortunately, a stand for civilisation has been made.