Lorraine Kelly announced on her Twitter account that she had tested positive for COVID-19, and Carol Vorderman would be stepping in to host her shows this week. The former Countdown star kicked off the show by talking to Dr Amir Khan about ways to keep safe in the sun. However, it left viewers distracted as they criticised her laugh. Dr Amir gave some handy tips to viewers on how to keep cool during the summer, which involved taking a hot shower, drinking hot drinks and keeping an ice tray next to the fan to regulate the room. During the interview, Dr Amir was interrupted by a phone call from his mother, which interrupted the stream from his office. He exclaimed: "Oh my god, Carol, my mum always does this, I am so sorry! My mum always rings me when she sees me on the telly. "Always, mum, stop ringing me! Off you go, mumma Khan!" READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Carol found this extremely funny and began to laugh at the situation, but fans were left rather distracted from the blunder. Taking to Twitter to discuss Carol's awkward laugh, @Di2409 commented: "Is that laugh for real?" @R3TRO0OY joked: "Carol Vorderman has just beaten Jimmy Carr for the title of ‘Worlds most irritating Laugh'." Alison Malcolm jibed: "#Lorraine and the fake laugh award goes to Carol." @MadameMarjorie added: "Jesus Carol, THAT cackle!" @LowMoorCottages exclaimed: "Carol Vorderman’s laugh is hilarious #lorraine." Whilst Paddy Milnes complemented: "May have been a fake laugh, but it was f*****g funny! God, I love that woman." (sic) Lorraine took to her Twitter page on Monday morning to reveal why she would not be hosting this week and explained: "Well, the Covid has finally got me, and I tested positive at the weekend. DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman steps in to host Lorraine as host forced to pull out [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly, 62, forced to miss ITV show as she shares health woes [INSIGHT]John McEnroe shares regret over Wimbledon mistakes [WATCH] "Thanks to the vaccine, it’s not too bad, and I hope to be back at work very soon. Huge thanks to @carolvorders, who will be hosting @lorraine until I’m back." Carol replied to the tweet and praised: "Wishing our Lorraine a properly speedy recovery from a bout of Covid. Loads of love coming your way from your team here as ever. "Meanwhile, you're stuck with me on the show @lorraine for a few days until the Boss is back....." Lorraine viewers weren't the only ones surprised by Carol's arrival, as Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Ed Balls were left shocked by her introduction. Susanna quipped: "This morning, I thought I saw Carol Vorderman in the corridor at 5am, and now I know the reason why! Morning! You were a vision!" Carol laughed and explained: "Good morning! Sadly Lorraine has caught the dreaded... you know what, and I am sitting in for a few days here, which I am delighted to do. "We are wishing her a speedy recovery!" to which Susanna agreed: "Yes, get well soon, Lorraine! "But in the meantime, you are doing a fabulous job and looking fabulous too." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.