Princess Anne once refused to tell the press and Palace aides about the birth of her grandchild believing it wasn't any of their business, Royal commentator Richard Palmer has told the Express's Royal Round Up. Mr Palmer recalled Princess Royal was instead willing to tell a member of the public when approached on a visit by the Royal Family to church at Sandringham. Speaking to Royal RoundUp host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "When Princess Anne's first grandchild was born, we kept asking Buckingham Palace do you know the name of  the child? "I don't even remember we knew whether it was a boy or a girl? I think we probably knew one way or the other. "People at the palace for asking and she just wouldn't tell them she didn't think it was any of their business. "But then eventually the Royal Family go, it was around about Christmas time, the Royal Family go to church, and which is a public event, and local people tend to gather to watch them going to church and I've got a feeling it wasn't Sandringham church but one of the other ones nearby.  "A member of the public just asked her and she was quite happy to tell a member of the public. "It's just one of those." It comes as Princess Royal took part in a one-day trip to Northern Ireland where Anne attended the first annual garden party held at Hillsborough Castle since the beginning of the Covid pandemic. Anne also visited Ballymena in Co Antrim and an equine rehabilitation centre as  The visit began with a trip to Ballymena Showgrounds where a flagship celebration is being held to mark the centenary of the work of the St John's Ambulance with young people across Northern Ireland. Anne met with leaders, as well as cadets and badgers, learning more about the organisation's range of youth programmes and activities. She also met with a number of young people completing the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme. Later, Anne visited the Irish Equine Rehabilitation Centre in Lower Ballinderry in Co Antrim where she viewed the stable area, including a demonstration of a water treadmill and saltwater hydrotherapy used in the rehabilitation of horses. DON'T MISS:Where do the other members of Boris Johnson's cabinet now stand? [EXPLAINER]Queen looks pensive as she is spotted heading home to huge crisis [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson skewered by former ally in stark attack: 'Sort this out' [REPORT]  The final engagement was at Hillsborough Castle where the princess was guest of honour at a garden party, hosted by the Secretary of State Brandon Lewis. Mr Lewis presented Anne with a Platinum Jubilee hamper, a gift produced as part of a Northern Ireland Office initiative. Prior to departure, Anne planted an oak tree in the castle's walled garden.