Liverpool have officially completed the signing of Fabio Carvalho and the player has spoken of his delight of joining the Reds. Liverpool announced in May they had agreed a deal to sign the teenager when his contract at Fulham expired on July 1 and he has now been unveiled. Carvalho enjoyed a fine first full season in the Fulham first team last term. He scored 10 Championship goals as the Cottagers returned to the top flight at the first time of asking. Liverpool came close to signing him in January but for the deal to fall through as the deadline passed. But the Reds have moved to secure the 19-year-old Portugal under-21 international. Speaking on signing for the Reds, Carvalho said: "I don't think you really need any persuasion to become a Liverpool player because of how big the club is. From the outside I can see it as like a big family. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd have Gnabry plan, Ronaldo future, Chelsea want marquee signing  "There's big players and I'm just looking forward to learning from every single one of them. I think they'll be able to help me and hopefully I'll be able to help them. "It's just an amazing feeling. I'm sure my family are proud, I'm just thankful to be here." Speaking to the club's website, Carvalho insisted it was an easy decision to join Jurgen Klopp's side. He added: “It’s just an amazing feeling to be here at one of the biggest clubs in the world, if not the biggest. "So, I’m just happy to be here and I can’t wait to get started. Once you hear that Liverpool are interested, there’s only one thought in your mind, which is to join them and try to be in and around the team. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to complete mega swap deal after Cristiano Ronaldo transfer revelationMan City identify replacement for Chelsea target Raheem Sterling in Man Utd hijackChelsea owner could offload two fan favourites to fund Frenkie de Jong transfer  "Hopefully I can achieve big things. I spoke with everyone, and the manager, and it just felt so natural. When things become natural it’s just so much easier to make a decision.” Carvalho believes the way Fulham play will help him adapt to Klopp's style at Anfield. He said: “Marco Silva, the way he plays football and made us play football, is more like attacking football and getting goals, which is similar to how Liverpool play, which is to score goals and dominate games. “That’s what I’m here to do, to be able to help the team with my assists, creativity and goals. I’m looking forward to it.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here