Images on social media appear to show the smoke emerging from a tall tower block in Bromley, south London. Eyewitness Matt Herring wrote on Twitter, alongside video of the fire: "Flats next to South #Bromley station #ablaze over three floor, #fire now spreading to floors above. Pray everyone out ok. @BromleyLFB seem to have it under control now though." Fifteen fire engines and around 100 firefighters have been called to the blaze in St Mark's Square, confirmed to be a flat fire. A five-room flat on the 15th floor of the 17-storey block is alight. Part of the roof is also burning. Station Commander Colin Digby, at the scene, he said: "Crews are making steady progress. This is going to be a protracted incident and we expect our crews to be on scene for several hours to come." Another, Will Conway, said: "There's a big fire in Bromley, right at the top of St Mark's Square. "Eight fire engines and the big ladder." The town of Bromley, situated in the London Borough of Bromley has a population of around 88,000 people. It is located 9.3 miles south-east of Charing Cross. READ MORE: Maps show Britain facing up to 41C RECORD temperatures A statement from the London Fire Brigade said: “Twelve fire engines and around 80 firefighters have been called to a flat fire in St Mark’s Square in Bromley. “Half of a five room flat on the 15th floor of a 17 storey block of flats is alight. "Part of the roof is also on fire. The Brigade’s 999 Control centre has received 88 calls alerting them to the fire. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon LIVE: Historic day as players on court on Middle Sunday [INSIGHT]Girl Guides bosses ask leaders to learn 100 gender-inclusive terms [REVEAL]Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner take part in London's Pride parade [SPOTLIGHT]  “The Brigade was called at 1158 and is still on scene. "Fire crews from Bromley, Beckenham, Addington, Woodside, Lewisham, Forest Hill, Sidcup and Croydon and surrounding fire stations. “The cause of the fire is not know at this stage.” London Fire Brigade confirmed they had received 95 emergency calls in response to the fire. Fire crews have reportedly been sent from Bromley, Beckenham, Addington, Woodside, Lewisham, Forest Hill, Sidcup and Croydon and surrounding fire stations. The cuase of the fire is not yet known. READ NEXT:New Met chief will face biggest challenge for £292k a year role'Sounds of missile' War memories haunt Ukrainian refugee in UKKate Middleton's subtle nod to Prince William wedding at premiereBritons could be sitting on property GOLDMINES in one of these citiesMet Police officers 'who called Meghan a golliwog' sacked 