Want the best Echo deal? You've picked the perfect time to buy this talkative smart speaker as Amazon has slashed prices as part of its Prime Day bargain bonanza. The fourth-generation Amazon Echo has dropped from its usual price of £89.99 down to a ludicrously low £54.99. That's a record low – a UK price tag we haven't seen since the Black Friday sales last year. In other words: if you've been thinking about buying an Amazon Echo for some time, this is the time to add it to your basket! Better yet, while stock is available, Amazon is offering a bundle with the Amazon Echo and a Philips Hue smart lightbulb for the same £54.99 price tag! You'll need to be quick, but this bundle combines the ridiculously low price with a freebie to kickstart your smart home! For those who don't know, the fourth-generation Echo arrives with a stylish new spherical design that dramatically improves the sound quality. If you're planning to use your brand-new Amazon Echo to listen to music, live radio, audiobooks or podcasts – this new design ensures it is the perfect model to choose. The Amazon Echo is available in three colours – Charcoal, Glacier White, and Twilight Blue. The fourth-generation model also uses 100% recycled aluminium and 100% recycled fabric, so it's much kinder on the planet than previous designs. If £54.99 is still a little too pricey, it might be worth checking out the best Echo Dot deals as Amazon has slashed the price of its more affordable, smaller Echo model. There are a number of Echo Dot bundles, including one that includes two Philips Hue smart lightbulbs. And these are all cheaper than the full-sized Amazon Echo. Definitely want an Amazon Echo, but don't want to spend £54.99? You're in luck! As part of its Prime Day sale, Amazon is selling a refurbished, fourth-generation Echo for £49.99 – a £5 saving on the lowest ever price tag! For those worried about buying a refurbished model, Amazon uses its own certified engineers to service its Echo speakers. As such, these models arrive with the same one-year hardware warranty as the brand-new models. And if you're worried about accidents or breakages, Amazon offers Echo owners the chance to double the hardware warranty to two years for a one-off cost of £4.99 at checkout. If you want to spend a little more, the flagship Echo Studio is also available. This blockbuster smart speaker includes hands-free voice assistant Alexa – just like every other model in the Amazon Echo lineup – but pairs the chatty AI with high fidelity components that enable Dolby Atmos sound quality. Echo Studio can be paired with a Fire TV Stick to enable Dolby Atmos cinematic sound for your next boxset binge or movie night. You can pair multiple Echo Studio speakers together to create a stereo sound system, or a surround sound set-up for your television. For those with Amazon's Music Unlimited or Apple Music, you'll be able to listen to High Definition (HD) quality songs on the five speaker system inside the Echo Studio. As always, you'll need to be a Prime member to take advantage of the latest Prime Day discounts. Fortunately, you can take out a Prime free trial to access the deals – then cancel it! Amazon Echo is a speaker fitted with a far-field microphone array that enables chatty AI assistant, Alexa. Using the wake phrase "Alexa...", you can ask the Amazon Echo to perform a number of common tasks. From controlling smart lightbulbs, adjusting internet-connected thermostats, setting timers, reminders and alarms, ordering takeaways, and answering general knowledge questions about anything from the height of the Eiffel Tower to the age of your favourite celebrity ...Alexa is incredibly useful. The Amazon Echo is also compatible with a number of the most popular services – from Spotify to Apple Music, TuneIn to BBC Sounds, Philips Hue to Ring, Audible to Fitbit. You can use Alexa to control all of these services, including Spotify playlists created on your smartphone, resume an audiobook at the exact spot you left-off in the car ride home, and more. If you have multiple Echo smart speakers dotted around your house, you can also use Alexa to wirelessly beam messages to people in other rooms. If a friend or family member has an Amazon Echo in their home, you'll be able to use these speakers to chat to one another. These VOIP calls won't be susceptible to international call rates, so it's perfect for international calls. If the recipient is out-and-about, they can answer within the Alexa companion app on their iPhone or Android handset, so you should always be able to get through to them. The Amazon Echo is more expensive than Echo Dot, but with that price rise comes dramatically improved sound quality. The redesigned components inside the fourth-generation Echo mean that is can play High Definition (HD) quality songs, like those included as part of the Music Unlimited subscription or Apple Music, which supports Dolby Atmos. However, it's worth noting that these components take up space, so the Amazon Echo is considerably larger than Echo Dot. As such, you might want to measure up to make sure you have space on the shelf, kitchen counter, or desk that you want to house this talkative speaker. Both the Echo Dot and full-sized Echo include a 3.5mm audio port. That allows you to wire-up the voice-controlled smart speaker to an existing sound system – bringing chatty AI assistant Alexa to older equipment. That's a clever way to upgrade an older system, and also allows you to incorporate speakers that you already own in a multi-room system, or control playback and volume with a quick voice command. MORE LIKE THIS