Kate and Prince William could have a "joint reign" with Camilla and Charles due to their growing popularity with young people. The Queen became the longest-reigning British Monarch in 2015 as she surpassed the reign of her great-great-grandmother Victoria. The Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden said when it is time for Charles to be King, it might be shared with William. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Eden said: "The problem for the Royal Family is just not very interested. "The public just isn't very interested in Charles and Camilla and that is a problem. "For an institution that relies on the public's support, I think that’s a genuine problem and why we will see a sort of joint reign with William and Catherine." READ MORE: Who was the 'Other Prince William'? Duke of Cambridge's namesake But royal commentator Sarah Vine has insisted the monarch should hand the reins over to Prince Charles and enjoy retirement. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailpplus at another time, Ms Vine said: "She could just retire and hand over to Charles. "She doesn't have to die to do that, does she? "She could just say, 'I'm still Queen'. That's what I think would be the sensible thing. "I think he would have the chance to establish himself under her watchful eye and we'll all get used to the idea. "And when she very sadly does die, it will be a very sad event but it won't be a catastrophic headache." However, Charles "knows" his mother will not abdicate the throne early for him unless she "feels her mind not working sharply". Speaking to GB News, royal expert Angela Levin said: "I think Charles knows. DON'T MISS Prince Harry's book sparks two major threats for royals, author claims [INSIGHT]Heatwave advice: The Royal Navy's important body cooling tip revealed [ANALYSIS]Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [VIDEO] "This is what she promised in her early 20s when she became the monarch and she's very religious. "She asked God to help her and I don't think she'll want to cross that path. "But I also imagine she's got a lot of common sense and if she's then ill or she feels that her mind is not working sharply as it still is, she might do something. "She's given Prince Charles a lot of extra obligations to fulfill for her which is quite right and he's accepted them quite well as have other members of the Royal Family."