The Neighbours stalwart has played Toadfish for almost three decades and appeared on Friday's Good Morning Britain to discuss the final episode airing. Chatting to Ranvir Singh and Ben Shephard, the Australian soap legend explained how he'd taken up another "backup plan" skill but doubts he will be able to "get a gig". Teasing Toadfish's upcoming wedding, he joked: "You've got to have doubts when Toady proposes to you - you gotta run a mile!" He also exclusively announced that he'd be joining the Neighbours Farewell Tour, which is set to come to the UK soon. He reflected on his iconic scenes and the impact of the soap coming to an end. Host Ranvir commented: "What I find extraordinary about you is that it's an acting job, and the acting world is generally quite a difficult thing. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub "You don't know whether you're going to be in work one day to the next sometimes. "So you've retrained in what? It's kind of extraordinary that you've always got a backup plan in case it all went to pot!" "Yeah, my initial backup pan was [being] a commercial pilot. "So I got my commercial pilot's license and then, obviously, Covid - and now there's a bunch of really skilled pilots in the world who are out of work." The actor laughed as he admitted: "So I don't think I'll get a gig there!" He continued: "I also do a bit of beekeeping as well, so I've got a few hives to do honey and all that kinda jazz. "But I'm actually just about to start civil construction as well. "So, I'm going to do what every little boy dreams of and go and learn how to drive trucks and excavate and dig big holes!" DON'T MISS... GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills [VIDEO]Only Fools writer's groundbreaking decision after cast death [LATEST]Meghan Markle fans blast Lorraine over 'disgusting' Bower interview [INTRVIEW] "Amazing," Ben remarked. "It sounds great. I wonder Ryan, what have been your fondest memories of the last 27 years for you and for the Neighbours series?" "Well, I think the storyline I hold dearest to my heart is Sonya's (Rebecchi, played by Eve Morey) death storyline, that's the one I just absolutely loved. "Doing that with Eve Morey was just so, so special. "But the one that just is burned into my mind is the 6,000th episode. "Tony (Romeoto, Nick Carrafa) tries to impress some new clients, who are nudists and he has to have a nude lunch. "And Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) has a winning scratch card that he's lost in Tony's house, and he tries to get back in to find it but the only way he's allowed in is if he strips off. "The lasting memory is really of Alan Fletcher just being nude in my lounge." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV, while the final Neighbours episode airs on Friday at 9pm on Channel 5.