Frenkie de Jong is looking increasingly likely to be stripped of the No 21 shirt at Barcelona. Manchester United are hopeful of landing the 25-year-old, having agreed a fee with their La Liga counterparts on Thursday. And it now seems just a matter of time before the 25-year-old rocks up to the Premier League. Manchester United have spent over 50 days negotiating for De Jong, who is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target. And an end to the saga appears to be in sight, with the Red Devils agreeing to pay an initial £63million for the Netherlands international. Now, it appears De Jong could be set to lose the No 21 shirt at Barcelona - regardless of whether or not he accepts a move to England. Ferran Torres donned that number during his time at Manchester City and, if his Instagram activity is anything to go by, it seems like he’s set to inherit his old jersey. The Spain international has uploaded his bio on the social media app and put ‘FT21’ inside of it. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings And that would suggest he’s set to wear it over the course of the upcoming season. Barcelona would, in an ideal world, love to keep hold of De Jong - with the former Ajax star appreciated by both Xavi and Joan Laporta. However, their need to balance their finances is growing as they look to register the likes of Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. Barcelona are ready to part ways with De Jong, with the club eager to get his huge salary off their books. When they signed the midfielder back in the summer transfer window of 2019, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain were also hovering. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong So, with Barcelona needing to blow two of the richest clubs on the planet out of the water, they agreed to pay De Jong a weekly salary of £354,000. If De Jong does depart, he’ll become the latest big-name signing to leave. Barcelona have sold Philippe Coutinho to Aston Villa, just over four years after they paid £121m for the Brazil international. Antoine Griezmann is primed to spend another year on loan at Atletico Madrid, with the France international still technically a Barca player. And Barcelona have also seen the likes of Luis Suarez and Miralem Pjanic go, too, having spent big on the pair in previous years. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Patrick Kluivert recently urged his old side to reconsider their stance on the player. The former striker said: ”I hope they keep him, yes. “He is a player who has surprised many people, but you have to see the situation of the club. “If you sell him, it is clear that he will generate a lot of money for the club. "But you also have to take into account that a very long season is coming, many players will have to be changed, especially in midfield, and a player like Frenkie de Jong is not just anyone." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here De Jong is set to become United’s 10th signing from La Liga, too. The first was another Dutchman in Jordi Cruyff, who moved to the Red Devils from Barcelona in 1996. And their most-recent addition from Spain’s top flight was Raphael Varane, who was snapped up by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer from Real Madrid 12 months ago. De Jong is contracted to Barcelona until 2026. And that’s another reason why the La Liga titans are so eager to move him on, knowing they’ll face having to spend millions in order to keep him for the coming years ahead.