Hundreds of thousands of people visit Buckingham Palace each year, all trying to catch a glimpse of the Queen’s London residence. Although many leave happy, some Americans have expressed leaving feeling rather downbeat, claiming that the palace is "not worth the money". Speaking in a recent video posted on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the negative American reviews of the famous tourist attraction. Mr Sean said: "According to this survey, which was online, a lot of tourists, particularly American tourists, thought it was uninspiring, lame, not worth the money and a total rip-off in the shop. "Well, I think you could say that about most tourist attractions, couldn't you. "They never really truly live up to the hype." He added that by visiting the palace, you are "going literally into the world of history", adding that it's "not an amusement arcade, it's a historical building". READ MORE: New Archie pictures lay bare 'significant' difference between Charlotte, George and Louis MyLondon reported that some American tourists were left unimpressed by their visit claiming that it’s “dull” and “boring”. Some took to Yelp to leave some pretty scathing reviews following their visit. On Yelp, one person wrote: “We went on a group experience to Buckingham Palace and arrived super early. “Checking in was fast, but when going into the palace I was shocked to find that it was so short and uninteresting. “All that the palace shows you is how the elitists lived their lives by going to parties and hoarding paintings.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Eagle-eyed Wimbledon fans prove Tom Cruise couldn't take eyes off Kate “The place was all so godly which was tacky in my eyes. “Overall the experience was lame. It's not worth spending your money on this palace, they don't even allow you to take photos of the place. Save your pounds. “Don't spend money in their gift shop it's full of expensive coats of arms representing the palace luxuries." DON'T MISS Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] Buckingham Palace boasts 775 rooms – including 19 staterooms, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices and 78 bathrooms. Earlier this year, the palace posted a job advert stating the need for a painter and decorator to make some "decorative finishes" to the rooms. Another visitor said: “Some say it's the most recognisable building in the world, but I think it's rather dull." READ NEXT: