Whether your hair stopped growing in one spot or you are losing excessive amounts all around, there are some “superfoods” that could help. NHS nurse and natural health expert Cherry Francis has shared “simple hacks” that could help combat slow hair growth. Francis said: “Seeds and superfoods can provide you with several nutrients linked to the promotion of hair growth - vitamin E, zinc and selenium to name a few. “In order to maximise the amount of vitamins, nutrients and amino acids you consume you should mix several together and make them a regular part of both your diet and your hair care plan”. The co-founder of SuperfoodLX suggested these seeds and superfoods to boost hair growth: READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' Francis explained that these little goodies are one of the more recent discoveries for combating hair loss. She even thinks they will become the new “mainstream” in the hair care industry. Francis said: “Watermelon seeds have powerful antioxidant properties, and watermelon seed oil can be massaged into the scalp to moisturise and nourish the hair, promoting new growth.” Found throughout Europe and Asia, this plant is particularly helpful when it comes to hair growth. The expert said: “Sea buckthorn oil contains 190 nutrients and phytonutrients for both the skin and hair. “Vitamin A, C, and E as well as omega-3, 6, 7, and 9 present in sea buckthorn oil enhance circulation in the scalp and improve natural hair growth and maintenance.” Packed with vitamins A, B and C as well as proteolytic enzymes, papaya offers antibacterial, antifungal, and antiviral properties. Francis suggested whipping up a hair conditioning mask with half a papaya and a cup of coconut oil for stimulating growth and preventing dandruff. READ MORE: Sean Connery’s widow on ‘devastating effect’ dementia had on Bond star - ‘Took its toll' She said: “This oil from the Amazon comes from a plant called the Seje Palm. “[It] has been used for centuries by women in South America to improve the strength and health of their hair, skin, and nails. “Seje has a high concentration of unsaturated fatty acids - primarily oleic acid which makes a perfect moisturising oil for dry hair. “It also has a natural infusion of active antioxidants, antibacterials, and microcirculatory properties which work together to balance and restore the scalp.” While hair loss might not be a sign of anything serious, it can sometimes point to a health problem. From illnesses to deficiencies, there are various medical reasons that could hide behind hair shedding. That’s why the NHS recommends seeing a GP if you experience a sudden hair loss and: Your doctor should be able to explain what’s causing your hair loss by looking at it.