New York Times correspondent Kate Conger tweeted a picture of the lawsuit, which states that the Tesla billionaire "refused to honour his obligations" because "the deal he signed no longer serves his personal interests". Mr Musk initially reached a deal to buy Twitter on April 25 this year, with his offering to purchase all their shares at $54.20 (£45.59) each.  However, a dispute arose after Mr Musk accused Twitter of lying about the number of bots and spam accounts on their site. The nature of the action states: "In April 2022, Elon Musk entered into a binding merger agreement with Twitter, promising to use his best efforts to get the deal done. "Now, less than three months later, Musk refuses to honor his obligations to Twitter and its stockholders because the deal he signed no longer serves his personal interests.  Musk apparently believes that he — unlike every other party subject to Delaware contract law — is free to change his mind, trash the company, disrupt its operations, destroy stockholder value, and walk away.” Twitter are suing him in Chancery Court in Delaware in order to try and force him to abide by the agreement. The court will now decide whether Mr Musk was entitled to walk away given Twitter's supposed failure to provide him with the information he requested, or if he is still locked into the deal. READ MORE: Fern Britton says ‘anger is at boiling point’ as she talks menopause  The SpaceX founder claimed that Twitter did not hand over the appropriate information on the number of spam bots on the platform and said he did not believe their figures that around five percent of accounts are bots. Twitter has hit back that it is "confident" its figures are correct, according to the New York Times. They have also said the dispute over bots is merely a pretext, and that Mr Musk is actually trying to wriggle out of the deal due to changes in the stock market affecting his wealth.  DON'T MISS:Buckingham Palace ensuring PM honours list won't 'embarrass' Queen [ROYAL NEWS]Dan Walker gobsmacked by Kim Wilde's ageless appearance at age of 62 [SHOWBIZ]Dan Walker slams Lord Sugar amid complaints about female commentators [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Musk also allegedly broke an agreement not to insult Twitter executives in public and "covertly abandoned" his attempt to obtain debt funding for the deal. The social media site commented: "Musk wanted an escape. But the merger agreement left him little room." They are seeking a four-day trial to take place in September, with the deadline for the deal going through being October 24. Mr Musk had previously tweeted before signing the deal that he would "defeat the spam bots or die trying". 