The Duke of Cambridge expressed his huge admiration for the recipients of this year's Diana Award, the only charity set up in memory of the late Princess of Wales. In a letter, Prince William told the young leaders they are the "personification" of Princess Diana's legacy, adding she would be "so proud of you all". In the message bearing his monogram under a coronet, William wrote: "Congratulations on receiving The Diana Award today! "You are part of an inspirational generation of young people who are changing the world through your actions, and I hugely admire your efforts. "Your stories are remarkable. Many of you face huge challenges in the face of difficult times, yet you are tirelessly breaking down barriers to create a better future for us all. "Thank you for your compassion, bravery and absolute determination. "You truly are the personification of my mother’s legacy and I know she would be so proud of you all. "I believe there’s no better way to celebrate her life and work than through recognising incredible people who dedicate so much time and effort to helping those around them. "I hope that you stand proud in the knowledge that you are making a real difference and that you enjoy today’s ceremony — you deserve it!" The Duke's letter was released just hours ahead of the 2022 Virtual Diana Award Ceremony, starting at 3pm. READ MORE: 'Why do we have a monarchy again?' Dr Shola slams inequality The Diana Award was established in 1999, two years after the princess' untimely death. Inspired by the princess' humanitarian efforts, it recognises young people who went above and beyond to support their local communities. While they aren't part of the organisation, Prince William and Prince Harry have been vocal supporters of the Diana Award and its mission. DON'T MISS Over the years, the Dukes met recipients of the award or took part in the charity's events. In December 2021, William hosted 10 young recipients at Kensington Palace, while Harry met nine via video call from his home in Montecito, California. Diana's beloved brother Earl Spencer has also been involved in the celebrations of young leaders awarded by the charity. Last December, he hosted the 20 winners at a special ceremony at Althorp House, the Spencers' ancestral home. On this day last year, Prince Harry, Prince William and Earl Spencer came together to celebrate the life and legacy of Diana during a poignant private ceremony. The two brothers unveiled a bronze statue of Princess Diana they had first announced in 2017. The statue, depicting Diana surrounded by three children, was located in the Sunken Garden at Kensington Palace, one of the princess' favourite spots at her former London home. The Earl and Diana's sisters, Lady Sarah McCorquodale and Jane Fellowes, were among the guests in attendance at the event which took place behind closed doors. Following the event, William and Harry issued a brief joint statement, alongside footage from the unveiling, to pay tribute to their mother. It read: "Today, on what would have been our mother’s 60th birthday, we remember her love, strength and character – qualities that made her a force for good around the world, changing countless lives for the better. "Every day, we wish she were still with us, and our hope is that this statue will be seen forever as a symbol of her life and her legacy." 