Lawrence Casey, 86, died in Bude canal in September last year, as a result of either drowning or suffering a medical episode whilst in the water, an inquest has heard. The father was trying to rescue his disabled daughter who had fallen in on her mobility scooter. A statement made by Mr Casey’s wife Ruth was read to the inquest, CornwallLive reports. It described how their daughter Jessica had suffered from a brain injury and cerebral palsy from when she was seven months old, resulting in issues with communication. She said how on September 1, Mr Casey had taken Jessica, in her mid-20s at the time, for a walk along the canal and that she began to get worried when they weren’t back by 5.30pm. She became even more worried when his phone was off and sometime later, police arrived at the door and told Mrs Casey that Mr Casey was dead and Jessica was in hospital. Mrs Casey said in the statement that father-of-nine Mr Casey was a strong swimmer and during his working life, had been in the Merchant Navy and the RAF before opening a business. She said: “He cared for Jessica impeccably well and was always a great support. He took her out for exercise most days and socialisation. He was active and was always walking or gardening.” Next to give evidence was Glyn Baverstock, a fully-trained lifeguard who was taking a stand-up paddleboard lesson on the canal that day. He described not seeing what happened, but being called to the scene by a jogger and two fishermen.  He said: “As I’m running up I saw two fishermen and a jogger pulling My Casey from the water and Jessica in the middle of the canal face up. I took my top and shoes off and went to retrieve the body in the water and was able to pull her to the side.” Mr Baverstock remembers how Jessica was breathing, but her father was already unconscious. He attempted CPR but couldn’t hear any breathing. An ambulance arrived 15 minutes later. Fisherman David Flay recalled seeing a man and woman on a mobility scooter passing him and “appearing happy” shortly before he was approached asking for help. Mr Flay said he too was involved in the rescue but Mr Casey was lifeless and not breathing from when the alarm was sounded. Mr Flay waited with Jessica and held her hand before she was taken to hospital.  Concluding the inquest, senior coroner for Cornwall Andrew Cox said: “On September 1 of last year Mr Casey was going for a walk with his daughter. She is disabled and was on a mobility scooter. "They were going along Bude canal towpath when Mr Casey’s daughter ended up in the canal for reasons not explained. Mr Casey went in after his daughter in an attempt to rescue her but sadly either suffered a medical episode or drowned in that effort. Fortunately, Jessica was recovered due to the commendable actions of those present at the time.”  Taking into account the medical cause of death of drowning, Mr Cox recorded a conclusion of accidental death. He went on to express his condolences to the family. In a statement, Mr Casey's family said previously: "He was devoted to the care of his disabled daughter and his final act of love as a father was to sacrifice his life to save hers. "We extend our sincere gratitude to members of the public who also selflessly helped in the saving of her life."