Kate Garraway addressed her husband Derek Draper's health battles and admitted everything is "up and down". The Good Morning Britain presenter also shared her other half was forced to miss a special occasion for their daughter Darcey. It comes after the former lobbyist had to return to the hospital following his ongoing health battle. The 54-year-old contracted coronavirus in March 2020 and was later hospitalised and placed in an induced coma. Kate's beau returned to the family home last year but the broadcaster has revealed it's not been easy. Speaking candidly in a new interview, she said: “He’s been in hospital a couple of months now. He’s been coming in and out. READ MORE: John Cleese says he 'lives in hotel rooms' urging against divorce “Hopefully he’ll come out again. Hopefully tonight. I’m crossing my fingers. “I’m really tired but I take it day by day to level out the ups and downs.” The ITV favourite, who also shares son Billy, 12, with Derek, explained her husband was forced to miss seeing their daughter Darcey, 16, attend her prom. But the presenter added he was able to see pictures and FaceTime with his children. She added to The Sun: “I’ve shown Derek pictures of Darcey in her prom dress, and now he can press one button and FaceTime her. “It was emotional and strange seeing her all grown up on the night.” Asked how she is coping, Kate admitted she is tired but is "embracing life" after the difficulties her family has faced over the past two and a half years. DON'T MISS... Supermodel Marie Helvin talks 'pressure' to marry Camilla's brother[LATEST]Rod Stewart's wife Penny risked malfunction at Wimbledon[PICTURES]Naga Munchetty reacts after presenter 'reshuffle' on BBC Breakfast[TV] Although Derek is back in hospital, he has been able to return home to Kate and their two children for weekend visits. However, Derek’s visit last month was almost a disaster when his vital medical supplies were misplaced in the taxi from the hospital. Kate had travelled with Derek in a black cab from the London hospital and accidentally left his medication in the front. Realising the error, a panicked Kate took to Twitter to appeal for urgent help. She pleaded: “@BC_Lostproperty help!! Have just brought Derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit and have left a case with all his meds and kit in the front! “The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there - please look and get in touch - need urgently!!” Luckily, Kate’s Twitter followers helped spread the word and the taxi driver returned the kit. She confirmed on Sunday: “It’s been returned! Thanks to all who reached out - the message got to driver lovely Robert who has returned it - phew and thanks to all.”