When shopping around for toilet cleaners, homeowners might find themselves overwhelmed with the amount of products available. Many toilet-cleaning products contain strong chemicals which can leave a pungent scent. Others require homeowners to put the product in the bowl and forget about it. But how effective are these products and what are they doing to the surrounding environment? Some products can harm aquatic wildlife once they’re flushed down the toilet, while others can be corrosive to skin and eyes. The cleaning experts at household cleaning and laundry product company, Dri-Pak, have shared their simple “three-step approach” to cleaning toilets, which includes ousting limescale, using natural and “traditional” products. While it may be tempting to mask toilet smells with strong-smelling chemicals, natural methods can leave toilets “smelling fresh” without being artificial. READ MORE: When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers The cleaning experts said: “We'd recommend a three step approach, that's both simple and low cost. “Pour some soda crystals into the bowl and scrub the bowl and rim with a good old fashioned stiff toilet brush. “If there's limescale, don't just bleach it, eliminate it with citric acid. “The effect is very quick and visible, especially so when used with hot water.”  DON'T MISS'Sacrificial crop' How to stop slugs eating plants [INSIGHT]How to avoid ‘killing’ tomato plants and ‘encourage fruit production’ [UPDATE]‘Worst thing for them’: Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack to oust slugs [ANALYSIS] Wilko Original Citric Acid is available for just £1.75. Dri-Pak Citric Acid can be bought from Ocado for £2.30. Once the toilet bowl is clean, it’s time to give the seat a clean. Homeowners can wipe the seat down with white vinegar and a cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The white vinegar will remove any dirt and kill bacteria. White vinegar can also work to neutralise unpleasant smells without being overly strong. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 89p from The Range. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray can be bought for £1.50. Dri-pak Clean & natural White vinegar costs £2 from B&Q.  Alternatively, homeowners can clean the toilet seat with bicarbonate of soda cream. Bicarbonate of soda cream is mildly abrasive and will remove any dirt that’s difficult to remove. Dri-Pak Bicarb Cream is available to purchase from Ocado for £2. The cleaning experts also warned homeowners not to use bleach with other products. They said: “Remember, never use bleach in combination with any other cleaning product as it can give off dangerous gases.”