Ben Hillman is one of several presenters on hand to help A Place in the Sun guests find their dream property. The hit Channel 4 show sees prospective buyers take a look around five carefully selected properties with the hope of one that one of them will be their new forever home or holiday apartment. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ben has revealed what happens during filming that viewers might not be aware of. Each instalment of A Place in the Sun involves the prospective buyers telling the host exactly what they’re looking for in a property. They reveal their ideal budget, whether they have any wiggle room and their wish list of features. The guests visit five properties together and along the way reveal what they like and dislike before revealing if any of them are contenders. At the end of the search, the host tells the pair to take some time to think things over before meeting up the next day and revealing whether they want to purchase one of the properties. Read more: A Place in the Sun guest blown away by Jean Johansson's wildcard However, Ben told Express.co.uk that the guests get a chance to revisit places of interest. Ben explained: “They’ve applied for the show, they’ve gone through the process of being selected, they’ve been given a date for filming, so there’s this build-up. “Sometimes there’s been a 12-year dream behind it, then a build-up and at some point, you have to say, ‘I want to buy a house.’ “So we finish filming, we give the house hunters the afternoon to breathe after seeing everything.” “We will take them back and show them the properties that they are considering,” he shared. “They might want to go and revisit them or they might want to have a drive around some of the areas and get to know them a bit better. “Just in case they're thinking, ‘God that does feel like the perfect property but we don't know the area we don't know the walking distances to places.’ “So what we’ll do is we take them back there and get then to know those areas a bit better.” DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman details show struggles 'Get it wrong' [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun: Jasmine Harman shuts down couple's expectations [VIDEO]Jasmine Harman nationality: Where was A Place in the Sun host born? [INSIGHT] “And then they’ll have the night and they’ll really think about what it is they want to do,” Ben explained. A Place in the Sun is filmed over five days Monday to Friday. Ben explained Friday morning is when the guests have to make their final decision on whether they want to progress with a property or not. Ben shared: “Come Friday morning that really is decision time, that is the real deal. “We would never put any pressure on anyone to do anything.” “They’ve got to do what they’re comfortable with,” Ben continued. “But they very much are there to either make an offer or put their dream on hold a bit longer.” A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.