Manchester United want to sign Frenkie de Jong. And, in recent days, it’s emerged they could try and land the Netherlands international on loan to give Barcelona more time to pay the player the wages he’s owed. Should that happen, the 25-year-old would follow the likes of Radamel Falcao and Carlos Tevez to Old Trafford in such circumstances. According to journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, United may try and land De Jong on loan late in the transfer window. “I think they would take De Jong even if it came down to deadline day,” he said. “I think he’s that important to the way that they map it out that they would allow this to drag on and they’re expecting that it will drag on. “We might even get to the stage where they will begin to look at whether they can take him on loan to give Barcelona time to figure out a way to sort out his wages.” If United are able to do exactly that, he’d become the club’s latest loan signing. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Tevez was one of their most-memorable, with the Argentina international moving from West Ham/Media Sports Investment back in the summer of 2007. United were Premier League champions at the time, having beaten Chelsea to the trophy - bringing the Blues’ dominance of the tournament to an end in the process. And Tevez was brought in to boost their chances of securing more trophies. Though he’d later tarnish his United legacy by moving to Manchester City, the striker was an undisputed hit during his two years at Old Trafford. Scoring 34 goals in 99 appearances, he won two league titles, the Champions League, the EFL Cup and FIFA Club World Cup. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  Another big name United signed on loan was Falcao, who touched down on a dramatic transfer deadline day in 2014. The Colombia international arrived with a big reputation, having established himself as one of the best strikers in world football. Yet while hopes were high Falcao would produce the goods, he ended up scoring just four goals before returning to parent club Monaco. United have also secured loan deals for nine other players in the Premier League era. Rafael Leao, Andy Arnott, Fraser Digby and Luke Steele all made the move in the early 1990s and 2000s. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. So too Andy Goram, who arrived at a time where Fabien Barthez and Raymond Van der Gouw were injured back in 2001. In 2006, Tomasz Kuszczak joined temporarily from West Brom to deputise for Edwin van der Sar - before making his move permanent the following year. Henrik Larsson was snapped up from Helsingborgs in January 2007 - netting three goals in 13 appearances and helping to fire United closer to the title before returning to his parent club. Under Louis van Gaal, Andy Kellet surprisingly touched down from Bolton on a short-term deal. And United’s last loan signing was Odion Ighalo, who became something of a cult figure throughout his stint at Old Trafford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Having dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child in Nigeria, the former Watford star was then granted his dream move. Ighalo scored five goals during his time at the club, which he managed from 23 appearances. Yet he returned to Shanghai Shenhua in January 2021 after falling out of favour under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Now, whether United are able to get De Jong on loan remains to be seen. But if it means Barcelona would get more time when it comes to coughing up the 25-year-old’s deferred wages, it’s feasible such a surprising tactic could work. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here