Manchester United appear to be in danger of losing Cristiano Ronaldo this summer. The Portugal international has reportedly asked to leave Old Trafford if a suitable offer arrives amid interest from the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich. And that’s a hammer blow to Erik ten Hag as he looks to build a dynasty at his new club. Manchester United have been adamant Ronaldo won’t be going anywhere this summer, despite talk of a departure. Yet The Times have claimed the 37-year-old has asked the Red Devils to be allowed to depart providing a suitable offer arrives. Bayern Munich are interested in the Portugal international, at a time where Robert Lewandowski is expected to leave the Allianz Arena for Barcelona. And Chelsea can’t be ruled out, either, with Blues owner Todd Boehly recently meeting super-agent Jorge Mendes for private talks. Ronaldo has been expected to stay at United but now there’s a real prospect of the veteran leaving the club for a second time. So Express Sport will now take a look at four potential replacements for the veteran in the event of any potential exit. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United have long admired Napoli striker Victor Osimhen. The Nigeria international came close to moving to Old Trafford when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager, only to turn down a transfer because of the presence of compatriot Odion Ighalo. Osimhen is reportedly receptive to the idea of playing in the Premier League, with Arsenal also emerging as potential suitors for the 23-year-old. United’s need will be greater if Ronaldo leaves, however. And while a big fee has been mooted for Osimhen, United would free up wads of cash by getting Ronaldo’s £400,000-a-week salary off their wage bill. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagThree players want to join Man Utd this summerWhy Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Barcelona, as mentioned above, are aiming to land Lewandowski as they plot a brighter future with Xavi at the helm. And that could pave the way for the departure of Memphis Depay, who only moved from Lyon last summer. Depay previously joined United back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost before being sold to Lyon by Jose Mourinho 18 months later. Having rebuilt his career in the time since, however, it’s possible the Red Devils board would look into a potential return. What version of Depay they’d be getting, however, is something that’s unclear given he remains prone to inconsistency. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Another player United have admired for a number of years is Moussa Dembele. The France international was eyed by Solskjaer during his reign, only for Ighalo and Edinson Cavani to end up joining the club instead. United are poised to use the bulk of their summer transfer budget on the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. So Dembele would be a bargain option when it comes to replacing Ronaldo. Admittedly, however, the 25-year-old’s record pales in comparison to Ronaldo - though he did net can impressive 21 goals from 30 Ligue 1 matches last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United weren’t in for Tammy Abraham a year ago when it became clear the England international would be leaving Chelsea last year. But the former Blues hitman has fared well at Roma in the short time since, propelling them to UEFA Conference League glory. Abraham scored 17 goals in Serie A last term, as well as clocking up four assists. The prospect of returning to England with United, one of the world’s biggest clubs, may be too tough to turn down. But Abraham is a player worth considering if the Red Devils end up seeing Ronaldo jump ship a year ahead of schedule.