The strikes could have an even greater impact than those carried out by 40,000 RMT workers in June when the absence of signallers stopped most services. The effect could be worse if they coincide with action by managers at Network Rail, whose ballot by the Transport Salaried Staffs’ Association (TSSA) is also to be announced today (July 11).   The Aslef ballot results are among drivers at Chiltern, GWR, LNER, London Overground, Northern, Southeastern, TransPennine and West Midlands. Aslef members at the companies voted by around 9-1 in favour of strikes on turnouts of more than 80 percent. Mick Whelan, general secretary of Aslef, said ahead of the ballots: "Strike action is always the last resort for this trade union, but many of our members have not had a pay rise since 2019. "We will fight to maintain the pay, terms and conditions, and the pensions of our members. The train companies are doing very well out of Britain's railways - with handsome profits, dividends for shareholders, and big salaries for managers - and train drivers are not going to work longer for less.     "We're not asking for a pay rise. We're asking for our pay not to be cut for a third year in a row." A spokesperson for the Rail Delivery Group, which represents train operators, said: "We want to see rail unions engage with train operators over the reforms needed to secure a bright long-term future for the industry, including working with Aslef to deliver the more punctual, reliable services we know passengers care about.  Instead of causing further disruption to passengers and businesses, we urge the Aslef leadership to continue talks." News of the eight companies' votes comes after workers at Greater Anglia, Hull Trains and London Trams voted to strike. Three more ballots are expected in two weeks, taking the total number of firms hit by industrial action to 14. If the strikes were to happen at the same time, much of the country's rail network would grind to a halt. Mr Whelan said: "We want an increase in line with the cost of living - we want to be able to buy, in 2022, what we could buy in 2021.  READ MORE ABOUT CARAVAN OWNERS FORCED OFF A SITE   "It's not unreasonable to ask your employer to make sure you're not worse off for three years in a row. "Especially as the train companies are doing very nicely, thank you, out of Britain's railways, with handsome profits, dividends for shareholders and big salaries for managers." Meanwhile, Aslef members have voted to accept an improved pay offer from ScotRail, paving the way for weeks of train disruption to come to an end. The union announced on Monday that its members had accepted proposals on pay and conditions from the newly nationalised rail operator.  DON'T MISS: Fury as Extinction Rebellion protesters occupy a mine for second day [REPORT] Mum with cancer forced to come out of retirement due to 'no EU staff' [REVEALED] Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [LATEST]  Members refused to work overtime or rest days in May as part of the pay dispute. It led to hundreds of services being cut from timetables on May 23, with Transport Minister Jenny Gilruth claiming it would provide rail users with greater certainty. Aslef Scottish organiser Kevin Lindsay said: "Following a ballot on the improved offer negotiated with ScotRail, Aslef members have voted to accept the proposals on pay and conditions. "Aslef is a democratic, lay, member-led union, and I want to thank our members for their engagement and response to the ballot."    On top of a five percent pay increase, drivers will also get more money for rest day and Sunday working, driving instructor and maternity pay along with a policy of no compulsory redundancies for the next five years. It comes as Post Office workers launched a 24-hour strike over pay with warnings of more industrial action due later this week. Members of the Communication Workers Union (CWU) are on strike at Crown Post Offices, the larger branches usually found in high streets. Supply chain and administrative workers are due to strike on Thursday, with the union saying this will affect sub-post offices.   The CWU said it opposed Post Office management's offer of a three percent pay rise for the 2022-23 financial year, alongside a one-off lump sum payment of £500 and no pay increase for the 2021-22 financial year. It complained this is well below the rate of inflation. CWU assistant secretary Andy Furey said: "The blame for this disruption lies entirely with the senior Post Office leadership, who have repeatedly failed - and wilfully refused - to set out a sensible and fair pay agreement. "Everyone knows the only solution is a fair pay rise that properly rewards members for their extraordinary efforts in serving the public and delivering a profitable Post Office, while also taking account of the extreme cost of living. There most certainly is money available, but management do not want to give workers their fair share. "Our message to the employer today is: don't waste our members' time by misleading statements. Stop the spin and get serious about pay. Until you do this, the strikes will continue."  A Post Office spokesperson said: "We can confirm that 57, which is half, of our Directly Managed Branches have opened today. "Strike action taking place on Thursday is within our Supply Chain network and will not impact any of our 11,500 branches from opening as they would normally." 