Arsenal are reportedly set to make a shock move for Chelsea hero N'Golo Kante over the summer transfer window. Mikel Arteta is looking to add the final piece of the midfield jigsaw to complete his team ahead of the new campaign. Having signed Fabio Vieira, Gabriel Jesus and Marquinhos as attacking options over the summer, attention now turns elsewhere as Arteta looks to strengthen at the back in order to challenge for Champions League qualification. Ben White, Gabriel Magalhaes, Kieran Tierney and Takehiro Tomiyasu have been major additions in defence in the past few years but there have not been as many new signings in the central midfield area, though Albert Sambi Lokonga joined last summer. The Gunners want a defensive-minded midfielder to hold the fort whilst their attackers wreak havoc further forward and players previously linked this summer include Youri Tielemans, Ruben Neves and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. But according to the Daily Star, Arsenal are eyeing up a shock approach for Kante and will look to sound out whether Chelsea are willing to sell him this summer. The report states that Arteta wants a world-class defensive option in his midfield with qualifying for Champions League football imperative next season. With the Frenchman having just one year left on his current Chelsea deal, it remains to be seen whether Kante would be keen to leave Stamford Bridge or not or whether the Blues would consider selling. The Gunners face competition from Manchester United for Kante's signature - although their top priority is Frenkie de Jong and a renewed interest in Lisandro Martinez means Kante is much less of a priority to the Red Devils. The World Cup winner, 31, has won almost everything at Chelsea with a Premier League, FA Cup, Champions League and a Europa League title - leaving just the Carabao Cup to go. And he may see his time in west London come to an end, with a new challenge potentially awaiting him at the Emirates. The former Leicester midfielder is currently at home due to vaccination laws denying him entry into the USA for Chelsea's pre-season tour. Non-citizens are not allowed into the country without double vaccination and Ruben Loftus-Cheek also hasn't flown. Manager Thomas Tuchel refused to be drawn into speculation about Kante's vaccination status a few months ago. "Of course we take actions and then are responsible for them," the German said. "We don't like to lose players. But we are not now angry with N'Golo. We are concerned about him, as we are with any injured players who get a kick in a game."