With the cost of living crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, motorists will attempt anything in their power to save money wherever they can. One of the best ways of doing that when it comes to vehicles is preventing costly and extensive damage. Motoring experts have now warned that car maintenance is particularly important in the summer when temperatures rise. Not only can a badly maintained vehicle affect the safety of the driver and other road users, but it can also be very expensive to repair. With that in mind experts at CarParts4Less have come up with some essential tips to help drivers run their cars more efficiently this summer. These are: READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows The average cost of battery replacement is £175. Most drivers are aware that car batteries are at a high risk of dying over the winter but what many people don’t realise is that the problems from this usually start in summer. When the temperature increases the battery ages faster meaning it’s at higher risk of it dying. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes [WARNING] ‘Confused’ cyclist enters motorway and rides against oncoming traffic [SHOCKING] Petrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel [INSIGHT] If it’s lucky enough to last throughout the summer, drivers may find that during the winter, when the battery needs more energy, it’s not fit for the job. The best way to protect the battery, and the driver’s wallet during the summer is to keep the battery cool by parking in shaded areas where possible. Increasing the journey time can also help. This is because short journeys, with a lot of starts and stops, don’t give the alternator enough time to recharge the battery. READ MORE: Super-rare £1m Ferrari caught speeding at 124mph The average cost of a new engine is £1,500. There are essential fluids in a car that must be topped up regularly to keep it running. During the summer, the extra heat means added risks to certain areas of the car. The engine, for example, can be at a higher risk of overheating so drivers should make sure the engine coolant is topped up regularly to prevent this. Motorists could be facing a hefty bill of over £1,500 to replace an engine that’s overheated. Another vital fluid to keep on top of is windscreen wash. The sun’s glare can massively reduce visibility on dirty windscreens so having plenty of wash, and fully working wipers, is extremely important. The average cost of one new tyre is £80 (based on a Ford Fiesta– the UK’s most popular car). Without fully functioning tyres any summer road trips would need to be cancelled so it’s important to keep up with the maintenance and address any issues that arise. Drivers should monitor the tyre pressure weekly and carry out essential checks before every long journey. Not only is this a safety measure but a financial one too as having the correct pressure means the car will run better and be more fuel-efficient. Summer is also a high time for punctures or bursts due to the warm weather causing the air in tyres to heat up and expand. Depending on the model of the car, the price of a tyre can be costly so it’s best to avoid these issues by keeping the tyres cool when possible and always having a puncture repair kit to hand in case of emergencies.