Tom Tugendhat was the first Tory MP to enter the race to replace Boris Johnson, following his resignation on Thursday. However, the MP's lack of cabinet experience has raised questions. Sky News' Sophy Ridge opened her interview with the MP by bluntly saying: "You are hoping to replace Boris Johnson but you've never served a role in Government." She continued: "What makes you think you have the experience for the job? "It's not an entry-level position." Mr Tugendhat hit back: "It's not an entry-level position but it's also not a management position. "It's about leadership." JUST IN: Remainer Tory leader hopefuls warned against Brexit voter 'betrayal'  He cited his record in the military "fighting for my country" as well as his record in standing up to Russia and China. He insisted he does have the relevant experience to run as PM as he has strong leadership skills and the role is about "leading teams". Mr Tugendhat set out his bid to become Prime Minister by repeatedly saying it was the time for a "clean start". The former soldier says his "entire career has been about serving the country" and "this was about setting about a vision".  He said: "If you want somebody who understands Whitehall, I've literally worked in the heart of it in terms of helping to run the defence force in the UK and making sure we were able to deliver the kind of defence force that Britain needed from 2010-2013. "And what we really need now is a clean start." He also confirmed he has seven backers at the moment, telling Ms Ridge: "Of course, I have got the numbers, I wouldn't be doing this otherwise." DON'T MISS: Boris is a Titan brought down by his own hubris, blasts LEO MCKINSTRY [COMMENT]Furious Tory voters pledge to 'write-in' Boris Johnson [VIDEO]Putin's dire tactics exposed as huge 15 tank Russian convoy ambushed [VIDEO]  Earlier today, Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt became the ninth Tory MP to enter the race to replace Boris Johnson. Also today, two former health secretaries - Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt - joined the race. Mr Hunt said he was the "only major candidate" who did not serve in Mr Johnson's government. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak is the early frontrunner in the race, after releasing a slick video announcement on Friday. READ NEXT: Penny Mordaunt launches patriotic Tory leadership campaignBoris is a Titan brought down by his own hubris, blasts LEO MCKINSTRYRayner announces security inquiry plot to remove Boris immediatelyFurious Tory voters pledge to 'write-in' Boris Johnson'Tugendhat has the strength to lead us out of turbulent times' 