Blue Bloods is one of the most watched TV shows on CBS and in the US as a whole. The police family-led drama was renewed for series 13 as part of the network's fall line-up 2022. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about the return of Blue Bloods. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Blue Bloods. Blue Bloods made a comeback for season 12 in October 2021, reaching its conclusion in May this year. The news was announced as part of CBS' schedule for the latter half of 2022 confirming Blue Bloods would be returning for a 13th outing. Blue Bloods season 13 will premiere on Friday, October 10, at 10pm ET/PT in America, on CBS. A new instalment from this date is going to be released weekly in the same time slot. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Unfortunately, it will be a different story for UK fans, who have to wait a lot longer for the series to air on Sky Witness. Season 12 began in June 2022, eight months after the initial release date in the States. This series is still airing on Sky Witness, consisting of a total of 20 episodes. If this same pattern continues, UK viewers won't be able to watch series 13 until June 2023. The majority of the original Blue Bloods cast remains in the CBS drama and are expected to return for series 13. Blue Bloods is led by Magnum PI star Tom Selleck as the head of the family Frank Reagan. Some of his others roles have been in Boston Legal, Las Vegas, Three Men and a Baby, and Friends. Other actors returning to Blue Bloods will be Donnie Wahlberg, Bridget Moynahan, Will Estes, Len Cariou, Marisa Ramirez and Vanessa Ray. There has been no talk of new cast members joining Blue Bloods for the next series so far. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Suzy Merton's exit unveiled as Matty takes revenge [THEORY]Blue Bloods Danny star confirms production for season 13 has started  [CAST]Blue Bloods blunder: Fans expose 'biggest' Joe Reagan error  [REACTION] At the end of series 12, Erin Reagan (played by Moynahan) announced over the weekly family dinner she would be running for district attorney. She made the decision after she experienced some major conflicts with the current district attorney Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff). Crawford also pushed Erin to run for the job as she admitted she would no longer prosecute non-violent crimes. This would cause trouble for the policing profession as a whole as well as for her dad Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) as the commissioner. There was some good news as well for Detective Maria Baez (Ramirez). Due to her dedication to the job, Maria had put her personal life on hold for many years but realised she needed to take a small step back. She worked on a criminal case involving a newborn being left orphaned and she was so moved by the investigation she ended up adopting the baby herself. Blue Bloods season 13 premieres on Friday, October 10, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.