Other aspirations among the top 20 goals include being able to touch their toes, reading more books, completing a 10k run, and meeting new people. But a third admitted life gets in the way, with nearly one in five (18 percent) already convinced they won’t be successful. Procrastination is the main barrier that prohibits people meeting these goals, with nearly half (49 percent) struggling to achieve them as a result – with watching TV (34 percent), scrolling social media (29 percent) and snacking (23 percent) the top pitfalls. In fact, the study, commissioned by California Almonds, found the average Brit wastes 10 hours a month procrastinating. This leaves a quarter feeling low on energy, limiting their ability to achieve their goals – which makes 31 percent feel guilty. But despite 55 percent finding low energy levels a significant barrier to success, just 45 percent choose foods to fuel body and mind. And 44 percent are unaware that slow-release energy foods such as nuts, like almonds, could be the secret to unlocking summer success. Other obstacles to meeting goals include mindless snacking (28 percent), busy schedules (31 percent), and finding it hard to juggle having a healthy diet with socialising (29 percent). TV personality and fitness fanatic, Mark Wright, said: “There is nothing worse than having a list of things to do, and then an energy slump means you get completely derailed. “Eating foods, like almonds, which contain protein, fibre, and healthy fats, to deliver a slow-release of energy, has been a game changer for me, leaving me ready to smash my goals throughout the day. “At the end of the day, we all procrastinate, especially if it's a difficult task. I do it all the time with working out but, as soon as it's done, I feel amazing for it. “The reason I work out is all about how it makes me feel, so I love setting myself training goals to tick off each week – and in order to do this, I have to fuel myself properly.” MARK WRIGHT’S TIPS FOR A PROCRASTINATION-FREE SUMMER: TOP 20 LIFESTYLE GOALS BRITS WANT TO ACHIEVE IN THE NEXT 12 MONTHS: