Stranger Things season four is on Netflix now and the latest season has been a global hit. The new episodes introduced Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn), the leader of The Hellfire Club. He died at the end of the season trying to buy his friends more time to defeat Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower), and viewers were not happy. One of the most emotional moments in season four was the death of the unsung hero, Eddie Munson. Hawkins residents believed he was a troublemaker who was wanted for the suspected murder of Chrissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien). However, over the course of the season, the metalhead proved himself to be brave and selfless. Sadly his heroic acts cost him his life and, after being attacked by a swarm of demobats, he died in Dustin Henderson's (Gaten Matarazzo) arms. He never got to meet Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) or prove his innocence to the people of Hawkins. READ MORE: Metallica speaks out on Stranger Things' Master of Puppets scene His untimely death left viewers in tears as they claimed the character deserved better. A petition has been set up on Change.org, kindly asking Netflix and the Duffer Brothers to bring him back for season five. At the time of writing, the petition has more than 60,000 signatures and the number is still rising. Nikola Fima, one of the fans calling for Eddie's return, spoke to Express.co.uk about the petition. Nikola called his death "unfair and devastating", saying: "We believe that Eddie has so much potential as a character and all the possible spin-offs that could happen if he was to stay alive. "Therefore, we are gathering signatures on a petition to bring it to Netflix and the Duffer Brothers' attention. "Fans have been complaining and refuse to watch season five as well as cancelling their subscriptions with Netflix." Sharing personal thoughts on Eddie's death, Nikola added: "I think Eddie’s death was unfair and the decision seemed quite rash. "Joseph Quinn is an amazing actor who worked extremely hard for this role and made Eddie’s character special and unique. "It is so rare for actors or characters to have such an impact on the audience. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things deleted death scene uncovered as major character dies [INSIGHT] Stranger Things: Who is Joseph Quinn's character Eddie based on? [EXPLAINER] Joseph Quinn age: How old is Stranger Things’ Eddie Munson star? [INSIGHT] "There are many amazing ideas that fans have come up with that would make Eddie’s return work, for example the vampire Kas theory. "I believe the show needs a character like Eddie, therefore I believe he should either come back to season five or even if The Duffer Brothers created a prequel spin-off about Eddie." Fans had come up with a theory suggesting Eddie would return as a Dungeons and Dragons villain, Kas. Kas the Bloody-Handed was the most trusted lieutenant of the Vecna. Nikola explained: "Kas is a creature in the D&D lore who is the right hand of Vecna, however he eventually turns on Vecna and defeats him. "After Eddie died in the Upside Down we haven’t seen what happened to his body as we were only shown the aftermath events two days later. "Therefore, in those two days that we haven’t seen maybe Eddie has turned into Kas. "It would be a great storyline to implement into the show. Also, Kas is known for his sword and shield with spikes. "Coincidentally, Eddie had a makeshift shield with spikes and a stick which he used as a sword." However, the Duffer Brothers shut down Eddie's return when they justified the character's death. Matt Duffer told the Happy Sad Confused podcast: "We sort of saw Eddie as a bit of a doomed character. "Even imagining the flip side of that where he does survive that final battle, there’s not a great life waiting for Eddie in the right side up either." Ross added: "He was always going to be a tragic character. There was no other arc for him. He would have wound up in jail."  Stranger Things season 5 is expected to air on Netflix in 2024.