Charlene, Princess of Monaco is celebrating her 11th anniversary with Prince Albert II today. To celebrate, the royal couple shared a new official photo on their Instagram. Charlene wore a teal floor-length pleated gown by Louis Vuitton.  The description on the website says: “A perfect multi-season piece, this Long Pleated Evening Dress revisits the focus on pleats from recent seasons. “It is crafted from a lightweight silk and viscose crepe, with pleats at the sides adding volume and lengthening the silhouette. “Textured ruffles at the sleeves and waist accentuate the feminine effect.” Charlene paired the teal gown with a simple silver pendant and silver stud earrings.  From the single photo, you can just make out her engagement ring from 2011 which she hardly ever wears. Fans of the Monegasque royals took to social media to praise Charlene’s style. Royal fan @AnneGirl12 on Twitter said: “Very retro 1930s. “Not a fan of the colour but I really like the style.  “She looks great.” Twitter account @VeraTrifunovich added: “Lovely dress.” Instagram user @jenny.phillips.5855 commented: “Beautiful woman.” Similarly, @zuzu.ribeiro1010 said: “She’s looking great!”  READ MORE: Princess Charlene's diet includes 'important' tip to stay slim Royal watcher @orangeandlilac wrote: “She’s looking gorgeous and healthy!” Prince Albert and Princess Charlene are celebrating their 11th wedding anniversary after not being able to spend last year's milestone together. Their new photo shows Albert and Charlene holding hands in the gardens of the Prince's Palace. Princess Charlene posted the image on her personal Instagram page, writing: "Happy anniversary" with a red heart emoji. Prince Albert, now 64, and Princess Charlene, now 44, tied the knot in a fairy tale ceremony on July 1, 2011.  The four-day nuptials was Monaco's first royal wedding in 55 years. Charlene and Albert were unable to celebrate their milestone 10th anniversary together last year. The Princess was grounded in her home country of South Africa recovering from complications stemming from an ENT surgery, and unable to travel back to Monaco. Yesterday Charlene, Princess of Monaco attended Monaco’s Water Safety Day, organised by her foundation. She wore a custom-made Terrence Bray jumpsuit with Christian Dior sunglasses. 