With the prices of petrol and diesel remaining high, many motorists are wondering whether they should switch to electric cars or not. Figures are suggesting that the number of EVs on British roads is increasing. In March alone, drivers across the UK bought more electric cars than in all of 2019. On top of that, according to heycar, May saw BEV registrations rise by 17.7 percent. BEVs continued their growth streak in June 2022, with 22,737 registrations - a 14.6 percent year-on-year increase. Their market share reached 16.1 percent, up from 10.7 percent in 2021. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule Today there are an estimated 477,000 electric cars on the road in the UK and more than 790,000 plug-in hybrids (PHEVs). The growth of the EV market is expected to accelerate in the coming years as the UK prepares itself for the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel vehicle sales. However, an expert has claimed that while the registrations are on the rise, switching to an EV purely to avoid the fuel crisis might not be the best choice. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, told Express.co.uk: “While the switch to electric vehicles is inevitable by 2030, it may not be the best way to tackle the rising fuel prices. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving [INSIGHT] Drivers could face £2,500 fine for failing to check important function [REVEAL] Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [WARNING] “Electricity prices are also rising in this country at a record rate, meaning that charging electric cars is still costly, not to mention the fact that due to supply chain issues and increased demands there is a shortage of electric vehicle batteries which is causing the cost of EVs to rise.” Ms Potter added: “Some motorists are still against the idea of switching due to the need for long charging on extended journeys. “This is why self-charging models are preferred but of course still require fuel to run, albeit less. “The second reason is the cost of purchasing an EV in comparison to a petrol or diesel car and they are not widely available yet in the second-hand market, meaning most do not have the ability to buy one.” READ MORE: How to get the most out of air con during heatwave Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, echoed Ms Potter’s comments. He told Express.co.uk: “The price of fuel has soared alongside the current cost of living. “With this in mind, the electric car appears more attractive to those concerned with these increased expenses. “However, it’s safe to say that the move from what you know can be daunting and so it’s important to understand the pros and cons of an electric car to find what’s right for you.” Mr Hixon highlighted that one of the biggest advantages of owning an EV is the ability to charge it at home. However, not everyone has access to a home charger. The expert said: “If this isn’t practical, there are public chargers, costing a fraction of the price of fuel, with 80 percent of power being reached for around £30.” Another factor to think about is the charging speed. This is one of the biggest differences between an internal combustion engine vehicle (ICE) and an EV. Mr Hixon said: "Charging speeds can influence people’s opinions on electric cars. “Usually, a trip to the fuel station can take as little as five minutes, whereas charging an electric car can take anywhere between 15 minutes and 24 hours depending on the charging station. “Usually, a trip to the fuel station can take as little as five minutes, whereas charging an electric car can take anywhere between 15 minutes and 24 hours depending on the charging station.”