Kitchens are often known as the heart of the home, and can be an integral part of a buyers’ decision to make an offer on a property. A brand new, well-planned kitchen can make a home more appealing to buyers as they won’t need to invest in a new one. Google searches for “kitchen home improvement” have surged by a whopping 4,545 percent in the last 12 months. As homeowners spend more time at home, it’s clear they’re looking to make more changes to their homes - primarily in the kitchen. Depending on the budget, size, installation and materials, a new kitchen can cost homeowners between £3,000 and £30,000. According to Checkatrade, the average cost of a kitchen in 2022 is £10,550. However, a new kitchen can significantly boost the value of a property. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Savills estate agents claim a new kitchen renovation can increase the value of a property by as much as five percent. In London, the value added can increase to a massive 10 percent. Now, research by British kitchen retailer Magnet, has revealed which kitchen features and trends can devalue a property and should be avoided. Not all kitchens can add value to a home, in fact, some features can put buyers off putting in an offer on a property. DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [ANALYSIS] Daniel Copley, consumer spokesperson at Zoopla told Magnet that poor lighting and cultured surfaces can easily devalue a property. Mr Copley said: “As the focal point for many households, it's important to ensure that, where possible, your kitchen is not devaluing your property. “Features like poor lighting, broken cupboards and cluttered surfaces all have the potential to make your home harder to sell. “The devil can also be in the detail, and small superficial issues like dirty walls, mouldy sealant and limescale build up on kitchen fittings can also devalue your home and make it harder to sell, although the positive is that these issues can often have quick fixes." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another aspect that can devalue a property, are old fashioned and poorly fitted kitchens. John Wetherell, regional managing director for Your Move and Reeds Rains told Magnet said some buyers will factor in the cost of a new kitchen when viewing a home with an old-fashioned or tired kitchen. He said: “Some buyers factor in the cost of a new kitchen when considering buying a property with old fashioned, shabby or perhaps brightly coloured kitchens often being a ‘turn off’ – as well as poorly fitted or mismatched units.” Bright colours in a kitchen can also sometimes be a turn off for property buyers.  Foxtons’ Guildford sales manager Christian Dickson, said a kitchen with “strong colours” is “less likely” to appear to the majority of buyers. He continued: “You could decrease the market of people that are likely to offer on your house and a smaller pool of candidates can lead to a slower sale and lower price. “Sticking to colour schemes which are popular should avoid the situation where applicants say ‘sorry, but I don’t like the kitchen and I wouldn’t be willing to put in a new one, so I won’t be offering’ or where a buyer says ‘I’ll pay less because I have to change the kitchen.’”