Anthony Joshua has been fired a warning by former cruiserweight world champion Johnny Nelson ahead of his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk next month. Joshua lost his WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles to Usyk last September following defeat at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. After originally being delayed, Joshua finally has his rematch with the heavyweight champion as he bids to regain the belts he lost 10 months ago. The second bout is no doubt going to prove a tough test for the Englishman, after Usyk showed his class and skill in the ring first time round. And, ahead of his upcoming clash, Joshua has once again been warned of the skill the Ukrainian possesses, with Nelson predicting that Usyk will be looking to ‘finish’ AJ off in the rematch. The former fighter told Sky Sports: “Neither man is going to go in there with the same tactics they did in the first place, because for Usyk he wants to make sure, he wants to make it clear after the first fight went the distance. He'll want to finish him off." The upcoming bout has a feel of make or break around it for Joshua, who will be gunning to turnaround his misfortunes he suffered on home soil. In preparation the Englishman has already headed out to the Middle East to train alongside the rest of his team. JUST IN: Mike Tyson worryingly predicts he's going to die 'really soon' in alarming comments  Likening his approach to Muhammad Ali and his famous Rumble in The Jungle fight in Zaire against George Foreman, Norman commented: "I remember when Ali did it when he was fighting George Foreman in the jungle, he was there for longer than he expected to be. “I think, this one here, AJ has gone out there thinking he's got to do it right. I'm sure he's taken his team out, his sparring partners out there."It's the best thing to do, just to get used to the heat. He's got to do everything in his favour, and I like the thinking behind it. DON'T MISSTyson Fury sends Anthony Joshua and Eddie Hearn new message - 'I'll sign contracts today'Anthony Joshua torn apart ahead of Oleksandr Usyk fight as boxing iconAnthony Joshua pulls off 'serious' move before Oleksandr Usyk fight as Nelson changes tune "We can read into so many things, but it shows serious intentions, he's out there on business, which is a must." Commenting that he believes Joshua has the ‘ability’ to get his revenge, Norman added: “It's not an impossible ask for AJ to get the win. He has the ability, he has the tools to do it. He's just got to make sure he chooses the right tactics. “Both fighters have had the grace of sharing the ring and knowing what each other's strengths and weaknesses are. Usyk might think about putting the pressure on a bit earlier because he almost had AJ out in the first fight. AJ might think about playing Usyk at his own game and putting Usyk under pressure from off, going for broke.” 