Technically, America is in a recession. The economy shrank by one percent during April, May, and June, according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve's GDPNow model, after contracting 1.6 percent in the first quarter of the year. The stock market has tanked and, with a doubling in mortgage rates, the country faces a housing bust.  “Grocery cart” inflation is now the highest in 42 years. With falling real wages, two out of three Americans tell the Gallup poll that high petrol prices are causing them actual hardship.No surprise, then, that President Joe Biden and his Democrats continue to feel the voters’ wrath. Biden’s approval rating is the lowest to-date in our monthly Express.co.uk poll tracker; his disapproval rating is the highest yet.Biden’s Democratic party remains on course for a serious drubbing in November’s midterm elections. Respective Democratic candidates in swing congressional districts and competitive senatorial contests are battling hot political headwinds that show no sign of abating across a scorching summer. A political tipping point occurs when a moment, event, or issue signifies the de facto end of a party's chances of winning an election. The past few weeks probably signified the tipping point of this year’s congressional election.The nation’s continuing shortage of baby formula dominated both media coverage and private conversations. Most poignantly, the father of a premature newborn drove 1,000 miles in search of baby formula.Most vividly, cargo planes filled with baby formula arrived from Germany, Australia, and other allied nations. This Marshall Plan-in-reverse sees Europe supplying America with basic necessities. Yet, the Cold War era’s Berlin airlift may be a better analogy. During the Soviet Union’s 1948 to 1949 blockade of West Berlin, America flew food, water, and medicines to two million Germans. Today, German food is flown beyond the Biden Wall into the American heartland, itself.  This latest hit to America’s already-bruised global reputation is the final straw for many voters. And, they do not hesitate to blame President Biden’s administration for the formula fiasco. Our Express.co.uk poll finds the baby formula crisis now tied with crime and immigration for the third-most important issue to voters behind only inflation and the economy. Baby formula is the issue on which opposition Republicans enjoy their largest lead over the incumbent Democrats. Our poll gives the former a massive 29-point advantage. Two factors explain the Democrats’ deep deficit. First, when we asked voters who they blame for the shortage in baby formula, by a nearly three-to-one margin the Biden administration was blamed over the companies actually manufacturing baby formula.Second, the Biden administration’s response to the crisis fits the unfavourable, yet entirely predictable pattern of bad news established during the 17 months since Biden’s inauguration.Initially, the White House denies that a given problem exists at all. Then, after belatedly admitting the problem exists, Biden and his spokespeople play down its severity and probable longevity. Eventually, a crisis situation is admitted to be in effect, which predictably sets off a White House attempt to blame other actors (Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, congressional Republicans, corporations, climate change, petrol station owners, etc.) for the situation.At no point does the White House admit its own (often pivotal) role in facilitating the problem. In the current baby formula crisis, the federal government’s over-regulation of baby formula manufacturing precipitated the shortage in the first place. And, the regulatory state’s insistence upon several years-long approval processes for new baby formula products ensures timely domestic resupply is impossible.  Such a lack of candor, in concert with a proclivity for buck-passing, ensures that voters are not willing to give Biden or his Democrats the benefit of doubt during these difficult times. Above all, it reinforces the government’s burgeoning reputation for ineptitude.The political problem for the Biden administration is less an ideological one than a performance-based one. It is seen as inept on almost all policy fronts. Voters simply do not have faith in the government’s army of advisers and experts to accurately identify, let alone solve, major policy problems.Hence, a majority of the voters we polled deemed the Biden administration to be generally incompetent. And, a majority do not trust the government’s own experts on matters pertaining to the economy, public health, and foreign policy.As touched on earlier, economic policy epitomises voter sentiment. Over two-thirds of surveyed voters expect an economic recession in the next year. Therefore, it is unsurprising that Biden’s ratings on handling the economy remain dismal, and the Republicans are favoured by double digit margins on inflation, the economy, jobs, crime, and immigration.In light of the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that legalised abortion, Biden and the Democrats had hoped the issue would motivate Democratic voters to head to the polls in November. It was surmised that an outpouring of single-issue, primarily female, pro-choice voters would push back against an anticipated Republican wave and ensure that Democratic losses in the House of Representatives were modest and the Democrats held on to control of the Senate.Our poll pours cold water upon the notion that the Supreme Court decision to send the abortion issue to the state level, where it will be legislated and adjudicated upon in 50 distinctive political and legal environments, will juice-up liberal and left-wing progressive turnout to the Democrats’ advantage.  Instead, it is the Republicans who may garner a modest advantage from the abortion issue coming to the fore. Voters in our poll give the Republicans a slim 3-point advantage on the abortion question.Furthermore, by a nine-point margin Republicans are more likely than Democrats to vote in the midterms following the Supreme Court decision. These results are consistent with polling during the 2020 and 2016 campaigns that found single issue abortion voters, who are mostly women, are overwhelmingly pro-life and overwhelmingly voted for Trump.Prior to abortion, Democrats had pinned their electoral hopes on the Ukraine crisis to boost patriotic fervour and, subsequently, the commander-in-chief’s poll ratings. But Ukraine continues to be the political dog that did not bark, at least not for President Biden.His approval ratings on Ukraine remain underwater and his overall foreign policy rating is equally negative. A healthy majority continues to think Americans are being hurt more by anti-Russia sanctions than are Russians, themselves.Pluralities of voters continue to oppose any American attempt to remove Russian President Vladimir Putin from power and can accept America letting Ukraine lose the conflict. A majority of voters continues to believe that Biden leaving office would be better for America than if Putin lost power.Accordingly, while voters continue to name Russia among the countries that they perceive to be a threat to America, they perceive Iran, North Korea, and especially China to be larger threats. To date, Ukraine is not saving the Democrats from electoral defeat in November. And, our new poll data strongly suggests that abortion also will not save them. From the Democrats perspective, those two issues sadly are not paramount in most voters’ minds, and the Republicans fare a little better among those voters for whom they are paramount.  In early 2021, Biden’s advisors and the entire Democratic political establishment assumed that by this summer most voters would think both they and their country were better off for Donald Trump’s exit from the presidency. Such positive public sentiment would set the Democrats up nicely for this year’s midterms and the 2024 presidential election.It is not working out that way at all. Across the country, there exists a strong, and growing, sense among voters that most things about their country and their own lives are worse since Biden became president. Increasingly, voters are comparing Biden to Trump.Most voters do not miss the former president’s 3 AM tweets and the unceasing drama that surrounded his presidency. Nevertheless, many are nostalgic for the low petrol prices, energy independence, rising real wages, comparatively secure southern border, and lack of expensive, open-ended foreign entanglements they experienced under Trump.Our poll again asked voters to directly compare the Biden and Trump presidencies. A majority of voters continues to consider Biden to be a worse president than Trump. That is why, for the fourth month in a row, Trump leads Biden in our hypothetical rematch of the 2020 presidential contest.The most recent and most tangible harbinger of autumnal Republican success were the parties’ respective primary elections that took place to nominate their general election candidates. Our Express.co.uk poll tracker’s consistent finding that the Republicans enjoy a significant advantage in voter enthusiasm was borne out across much of the country.A huge increase in Republican primary turnout from the previous midterm primary vote in 2018 was most striking in pivotal swing states, such as Georgia (+98 percent), Pennsylvania (+57 percent), North Carolina (+88 perceny), and New Mexico (+59 percent). Overall turnout is up 40 percent among Republicans from 2018, but has only risen two percent among Democrats.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While the Republicans are making inroads among almost all demographic groups, it is especially notable that we find Hispanic voters and suburban female voters leading the movement away from the Democrats. The rising cost of living, rising crime, and woke educational policies were the principal political drivers for these two groups.Now, one must add the baby formula shortage to the list of influential issues. Family-oriented Hispanics and suburban mothers are at the forefront of those American voters who, having waded through the progressive promises and expensive programmes emanating from the White House and Capitol Hill, are now fixated upon a single fact impacting their daily lives: baby formula is absent from the increasingly expensive items on their local shop’s increasingly sparse shelves.Unless Biden and the Democrats rapidly fix that bag of problems, this weekend’s fireworks will be dwarfed by the Republicans’ victory celebrations in November. 