 Denby Kennedy, 54, from Cheshire, has glaucoma, which is an eye condition where the optic nerve, which connects the eye to the brain, becomes damaged. It's usually caused by fluid building up in the front part of the eye, which increases pressure inside of it. Glaucoma can lead to loss of vision if it's not diagnosed and treated early. The most common treatment for glaucoma is prescription eye drops. They work by lowering the pressure in your eye and preventing damage to your optic nerve.     These eye drops won’t cure glaucoma or reverse vision loss, but they can keep glaucoma from getting worse. When Denby was diagnosed nearly 10 years ago he would skip buying his eye drop treatment as they were so expensive. Denby said: "I used to get told off by the consultant as I wasn't taking them. I couldn't afford them. I was told you have to take them, you'll go blind. "If I go blind, ironically, I will get free prescriptions. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Which DWP benefits get help towards NHS costs?    "My friend has epilepsy and diabetes which both qualify for free prescriptions. I believe this is, by its very nature, discrimination and it's not even hidden." Denby, who works in a meat factory, uses two different eye drops a day. He now buys a three-month prescription prepayment certificate, which is £30 every three months to pay for the drops and other tablets. He said: "When you research the costs of buying individual items each month it's a lot of money. The prepayment certificate makes it cheaper but it's still money and it adds up "Especially when people with other conditions get it for free." A recent survey conducted by the National Pharmacy Association (NPA) has found that this is not an isolated case.     The research revealed that almost nine in 10 pharmacists in England say they have patients who go without medication because they can't afford the prescription charge. Around 68 percent of pharmacists said this has become “more frequent in the past year”. For three-quarters of pharmacists, this happens one to five times a week and 15 percent said they see such patients between six and 20 times a week. According to the survey, the most common medicines not taken due to the prescription charge are antibiotics, painkillers, asthma inhalers, blood pressure medication and antidepressants. The results of this survey have caused increased concerns that the rising cost of living is causing patients to miss out on vital medicines. The prescription charge currently stands at £9.35 per item in England. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest     The charge does not however stand in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Prescription Charges Coalition, which is a group of 50 UK charities, has written to Jeremy Hunt MP, the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee, asking for an investigation into the prescription charges exemption list in England which was drawn up in 1968. The coalition, which includes Parkinson’s UK, has highlighted the “precarious position” many people with long-term conditions could be forced into if they cannot afford to pay for their medication and has called for it to be scrapped like other UK countries. Currently, there are some serious conditions which are not included on the exemption list within England. These include asthma, sickle cell, HIV, cystic fibrosis, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s, glaucoma, and stroke.    Laura Cockram, head of policy and campaigns at Parkinson's UK and chair of the Prescription Charge Coalition, said: "These stark findings are the reason why we’re campaigning with people with long-term health conditions to call on the UK Government to overhaul this out of date system. "Although the prescription charge has been frozen for this year, it's worrying that the cost is forcing some vulnerable people to skip medication which can lead to hospital treatment, and ultimately cost the NHS more." National Pharmacy Association, vice chair, Nick Kaye, added: “People should not be denied access to prescription medicines on the basis of their ability to pay. “We would like to see the prescription levy reformed or scrapped altogether, to remove this barrier to treatment.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the rising cost of living and we are taking action to support households, which is why we have frozen prescription charges for the first time in 12 years. "Thanks to our extensive arrangements to help people afford NHS prescription charges, 89% of prescriptions in England are already provided free of charge."  