The country's Christian Social Union (CSU) party has called for better protection for Germany as tensions continue to mount between the West and Vladimir Putin's Russia. At the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Germany announced a major hike in military spending, marking a historic shift in German defence policy. A document prepared for a meeting of the CSU on Wednesday, seen by German daily Bild, says: "Germany needs a modern, maximally operational missile defence shield, a German Iron Dome." Alexander Dobrindt, who heads the CSU's parliamentary group, told the same publication: "Putin's brutal missile fire on Ukraine shows Germany needs an Iron Dome based on the Israeli model as soon as possible, offering maximum protection against air attacks. "The answer to Putin's Iron Curtain must be an Iron Dome with a modern missile defence shield for our country." Israel developed its Iron Dome defence system in response to missile attacks by Palestinian groups.  According to Israel's military, about 90 percent of rockets aimed at the country have been intercepted by the system. Germany is within range of Russian missile systems, but it lacks a protective shield against the threat. One option being discussed is the Arrow 3 hypersonic missile system developed by the US and Israel which its manufacturer says can intercept a nuclear missile up to 1,200 miles away. Calls for a German Iron Dome come as the country's leader Olaf Scholz said the European Union can no longer afford to retain national vetoes when deciding on the bloc's foreign and security policy if it wants to maintain a leading role in global politics.  READ MORE ABOUT PANIC AT A DORSET BEACH Mr Scholz said in an article published by the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper that Russia's war in Ukraine makes unity in Europe ever more urgent and increases pressure for an end to "selfish blockades" of European decisions by individual member states. The German Chancellor has faced criticism from Kyiv and some Western allies that Berlin has not taken a leadership position on the Ukraine crisis, a charge Mr Scholz has denied. Causing a major shift in Germany's defence policy after decades of military restraint, the war in Ukraine has also pushed Berlin towards a more active foreign policy role globally. Mr Scholz vowed Germany would put forward proposals on European migration policy, defence, technological sovereignty and democratic resilience in the coming months.  DON'T MISS: Briton furious as Rishi's fuel tax cut fails to stop price surge [REPORT] Prince Harry mocked as picture emerges of near-empty UN crowd [LATEST] Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party 'puzzled' friends [REVEALED] Meanwhile, maintenance of Russia's key Nord Stream 1 pipeline threatens to turn Germany's ongoing drama over gas into a full-blown crisis. The pipeline from Russia under the Baltic Sea to the German coast made up 35 percent of Germany's 1,774 terawatt-hours of gas supply last year, according to analysts at Swiss bank UBS. Combined with imports from Russia via other sources and a complete shut off could see 63 percent of that total knocked off. UBS estimates a full shut-off would knock the equivalent of 5.9 percent off Germany’s GDP by the end of next year.  In 2023 the country's economy would contract by 2.8 percent alone. Putin limiting or stopping supplies threatens to challenge Western unity with talk Germany could respond by hoarding gas and ignoring loosely worded agreements to supply other European countries, such as France, Austria and the Czech Republic. The Russian president has other ways to challenge European and Western unity. He could offer to provide cheap gas through Nord Stream 2, the mothballed pipeline which was nearing completion before the war in Ukraine began on February 24. However, such a move would enrage the United States, which has imposed sanctions on the pipeline, and hawkish member states, including Poland.  Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said last week the future of Nord Stream 1 would depend on gas demand in Europe and Western sanctions against Russia. Kremlin-controlled energy giant Gazprom has said it could not guarantee the safe operation of a critical part of Nord Stream 1 because of doubts over the return of a turbine from Canada, which imposed sanctions against the company. Canada said at the weekend it had issued a permit to allow the return of the turbine for Nord Stream 1’s Portovaya compressor station in Russia. Russia cut gas flows in June to 40 percent of Nord Stream 1’s total capacity, citing the delayed return of the turbine. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 