He explained how swapping your tumble dryer for a different model could save a large sum. The expert compared the heat pump machine which costs £649 to a condenser tumble dryer, costing £549 - both with a five-year warranty. Luke said: "A heat pump tumble dryer is going save you a lot of money, especially the way the energy prices are skyrocketing." He explained: "So, there are three types of tumble dryers that you can get at the minute. "There is a vented tumble dryer, where you get a vent coming from the back of the machine, a condenser, where all the water gets stored into a bottle, and a heat pump, where again the water gets stored into a bottle. "But, it works slightly differently." READ MORE: 'My energy bill is already 50% less': Woman discovers crucial cleaning tip to slash costs A heat pump tumble dryer conserves heat and reuses it - making it much more energy efficient and therefore reducing your energy bills. These types of tumble dryers have been sued for many years already in Switzerland and Germany. It uses about 50 percent of the energy of a condenser tumble dryer. Luke went on: "It keeps recycling that heat, where condenser tumble dryers will create the heat, expel it and create more heat." However, heat pump tumble dryers don't get as hot and so they do take longer to try your clothes. DON'T MISSAdd £8k to your house value and save £580 on bills with home update [ADVICE] Genius rules to save on food shopping - 'use a slow cooker' [MONEY SAVING] 'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating [HELP] Luke explained: "In the same setting a nine kilogram 1400 spin on the cotton setting, the condenser is going to take 129 minutes, which is not too bad to dry your clothes. "The heat pump dryer is going to take 198 minutes. However, the former is going to use 4.35KW per hour, while the latter is only going to use 1.81KW per hour. That's massive saving right there." One commenter worked out the saving, and said: "That's £104 saving per year based on the figures you gave and 29p/KWH". Another said: "I bought a Miele one last year it is fantastic, yes the first outlay is bigger but you will save in the long run." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea One wrote: "I replaced my old condenser tumble dryer with a heat pump one and I love it." Another said: "I bought a Samsung one last year. Was saving a huge amount on electricity even before the energy price rises. One important thing to note about the heat pump tumble dryers is that they do not work well in cool places such as outside or in a garage. They are best used in a warm place, such as inside the house. Another energy bills hack could save the average customer £157.68 a year. It involves changing a setting on your boiler. Plumbing and electricity specialists explained how it works. By changing the flow temperature on your boiler, you can save a large sum.