But justice finally caught up with him yesterday as a jury found him guilty of her coldblooded killing he covered up for nearly half of his life. Venables murdered Brenda, 48, in May 1982 and dumped her body in an underground septic tank in the garden of their home at Quaking House Farm in Kempsey, Worcs. Speaking after the verdict Brenda's nieces and nephews said: "We are relieved that after a wait of 40 years, at last there is justice for Brenda. "Venables can no longer get away with having murdered his wife, the hiding of her body and all his deceit, lies and fabrications." They described the killer as a womaniser who had put them "through hell" and expressed regret that Brenda had been unable to leave him. The family added: "She was no harm to anyone, being a gentle and increasingly quiet woman. We'll never know how she died or how much she suffered. We pray her death was quick. "The torment of her body being found in the septic tank of her house will never leave us. It haunts our nights. We cannot come to terms with her being put in such a repulsive and shocking place. The pig farmer told police Brenda had disappeared while she was "depressed." Venables evaded justice until after he sold the property for £460,000 in 2016. Three years later, the tank was emptied for cleaning and gave up its gruesome secret. Forensic examination confirmed the remains were Brenda's but no cause of death could be established. Venables, who faces a mandatory life term, was arrested. But he tried to pin the blame on serial killer Fred West, active in neighbouring Gloucestershire at the time. Jurors at Worcester Crown Court dismissed the suggestion after hearing Venables had murdered his wife so he could rekindle an affair with nurse Lorraine Styles, his mother's former carer. "And then, by continuing to use the septic tank, her murderer dishonoured her dead body every day for 30 years after murdering her." Detective Sergeant James Beard, of West Mercia Police, said: "The terrible truth is that Brenda was killed by the person who was meant to care for her most. He then let her family and friends go for so long not knowing what happened. They were robbed of a sister and auntie, and left without closure for 40 years." "I'd like to commend them for the courage and dignity they have shown." Venables, who moved to another address in Kempsey after selling the farm, was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on Wednesday. Described by one witness as a smartly-dressed "typical gentleman farmer", Venables told the jury he woke up on May 4, 1982, to find that his wife had disappeared. He said he searched surrounding lanes and a stretch of the nearby River Severn. Despite Brenda being missing, Venables appeared calm to those who knew him, the court heard. He later sought an annulment of his marriage. In reference to fellow killer West,Venables told investigating officers: "I wondered since whether he was responsible for picking her up and eventually disposing of her body." Michael Burrows, QC, prosecuting, described the idea as "preposterous."