Alba has just started airing on Netflix, having initially been released in Spain in March 2021. The TV drama follows student Alba (played by Elena Rivera) who becomes a victim of gang rape. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress. Alba is a student at a university in Madrid and she is in a relationship with a young man called Bruno Costa (Eric Masip). After returning to her hometown for the holidays, she is raped by a group of Bruno's best friends. The series has gone down a huge hit with Netflix viewers and they are keen to find out more about the star behind the title character. Elena Rivera is a 29-year-old Spanish actress, who was born in Aragon in 1992. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star She first appeared on TV in the singing competition show, Menudas Estrellas, when she was six years old and reached the finals. The star took on her first acting role in the series Cuéntame cómo pasó when she was just 13. The young actress went on to star in other TV shows including Los Quién, Toledo, cruce de destinos and Servir y proteger. Rivera spent more than 10 years working on Cuéntame cómo pasó, finally saying goodbye to the role of Karina Saavedra in 2018. She took the opportunity to finish her degree in child education. One of her latest projects was starring as Inés Suárez in the historical drama series Inés of My Soul. Actress Rivera is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her private and professional life. The star spoke to Télé-Loisirs about how she took on such a challenging role in Alba. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry’s pal shares disappointment as children yet to meet [INSIGHT] Resident Evil star considered 'break' from acting before landing role [INTERVIEW] Millions of Netflix fans will be blocked unless they pay shock new fee [INSIGHT] She said: "As an actress, I had to play this victim who tells her story over and over again without being believed. "It was difficult and I was trying to feel what she might feel in that kind of situation. "I believe that it is a series necessary to show once again that this kind of act exists." Opening up about the gang rape scene in particular, she said she tried to keep herself as relaxed as possible. She explained how the scene still took its toll on her after filming. The star added: "Afterwards, I felt anxious, I felt nauseous at the idea that although we only did one performance, when it was something that happens in real life. "I was a little in shock and shaken the days that followed." [Translation] The actress's most recent project was the 2022 Spanish TV series, Heirs to the Land. As for her personal life, the star tends to keep her relationships out of the spotlight.  Alba is on Netflix now.