“The King is dead, long live the King!” they used to cry while the body of a deceased monarch was still warm. Of course, an instant transition like that is manageable where there is a clear successor. But when there are numerous pretenders then things are bound to get a bit messy. That is the position the Conservative Party finds itself in today and which 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady must steer it through. A timeline for the contest rounds, how many MP sponsors each hopeful will need to get on the ballot paper, and the date Boris Johnson hands over the reins of power must all be decided. There are many plausible replacements, but none so compelling as to have sealed the deal in the eyes of Tory MPs or grassroots members, let alone with the general public. From inside the Cabinet, the new Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss are all expected to mount determined pitches. Attorney General Suella Braverman, a lesser-known figure, has already thrown her hat into the ring. Former Cabinet ministers Sajid Javid, Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt are all likely to give it a whirl too, while the highly-rated – not least by himself – backbencher Tom Tugendhat also has a campaign team in place. Two middle-ranking ministers, Penny Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch, are rated highly enough to be contenders, with the former having been running an embryonic leadership campaign for months. Ms Badenoch, a darling of the grassroots after standing up for Tory values and against the Left on contentious issues such as racial grievance and transgender rights, may judge this contest has come too early, but friends will urge otherwise considering how open the field looks. It is a racing certainty that every candidate will talk up their readiness to deliver radical tax cuts to help kickstart the economy and lessen the pressure on living standards, even Mr Sunak, who seemed increasingly reluctant to actually deliver them when he was in charge at the Treasury. But their stances on other thorny issues – such as the Northern Ireland Protocol, the power of the European Court of Human Rights and the Rwanda removals deal – and foreign policy challenges, including the war in Ukraine and how to stand up to China, will also loom large. How will those candidates who supported remaining in the EU – Truss, Javid, Hunt, Wallace and Tugendhat – convince a heavily pro-Leave membership that they can be trusted not to unravel the Brexit deal? The coming weeks will reveal a lot about whether any of the leadership hopefuls is made of the right stuff.