Lily-Mai Hurrell Saint George suffered 18 rib fractures, a leg fracture and a fatal head injury at the hands of Lauren Saint George, 25, hours after a home visit from a social worker. Jane Sweeting, who is the aunt of the baby’s father, said she had been “brutally and cruelly taken from our family by the one person who should have protected her most”. In a newly-released image of Lily-Mai, she can be seen with eyes open in pink woollen clothing in a carry chair. A jury at the Old Bailey deliberated for more than eleven hours before finding Ms Saint George, of Enfield in north London, not guilty of murder and manslaughter. However, she was found guilty of a charge of infanticide – being spared jail time and instead is expected to be handed a suspended sentence. The charge is an alternative to murder where a mother kills her child while her mind is disturbed by a failure to recover from the effects of childbirth. READ MORE: Depressed mum guilty of shaking her 10-week-old baby girl to death Ms Saint George was suffering from post-natal depression when she violently shook Lily-Mai January 31, 2018. The newborn died at Great Ormond Street Hospital on February 2 the same year, when surgeons turned off her life support machine due to the extent of her brain damage. Six days before the attack, Haringey social services decided Lily-Mai should be transferred to the sole care of her parents, despite professionals at Barnet Hospital warning she was at risk of neglect. Concerns were raised about the young mother’s mental health, her parenting abilities and her lack of commitment to her daughter – including not visiting her in hospital when she was born prematurely and required care. Sally O'Neill QC, prosecuting, told the jury during the trial: “Lily-Mai's death could almost definitely have been avoided if she had not been discharged into the care of two people who were woefully unsuited to caring for her.” Mr Justice Spencer, presiding, said that any prison sentence he handed down to Ms Saint George would be suspended as she had “suffered and continues to suffer”. He added: “It is quite clear to me you were depressed, still suffering from the effects of the birth at the time you committed the act that caused the death, and the verdict of infanticide is one that has traditionally evoked sympathy rather than punishment.” However, criticisms have been raised both in and out of the courtroom with Haringey social services, which allowed Lily-Mai to be discharged into her parent’s sole care despite concerns being raised by the hospital. READ MORE: Energy bills lifeline: £400 winter discount for 29 million households [REVEAL] Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [INSIGHT]Covid breakthrough: 'Compelling evidence' on origin FINALLY found [REPORT] In a letter to the Mail, Ms Sweeting said: “In our hearts we knew that Lily-Mai was brutally and cruelly taken from our family by the one person who should have protected her most — her mother Lauren. “Lily-Mai was just ten weeks old and we should be watching her growing up. She would have been five years old now.” She claimed that if Haringey had acted appropriately, Lily Mai would “still be here today”, adding: “Haringey Council should be ashamed of themselves for allowing Lily-Mai to continue her days with her parents, knowing that she was high risk. Why not take Lily-Mai when they had the chance?” Following the trial, Haringey Council issued an apology and pledged to make improvements to its safeguarding system. Andy Donald, the local authority’s chief executive, and Councillor Peray Ahmet said: “We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Lily-Mai and our thoughts are with those who loved and cared for her during her short life. “We would like to say how sorry we are that Lily-Mai did not receive the care and protection she deserved. “There are clearly lessons to be learned and the Haringey Safeguarding Children Partnership has already commissioned a serious case review from an independent expert which, now the trial proceedings are complete, will be concluded and published. “We are confident we have now made improvements which could have better protected Lily-Mai and we are absolutely committed to protecting children and young people in our borough.”