Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has admitted he learned a valuable lesson from his side's second-half collapse against Aston Villa on Saturday. United suffered a disappointing end to their pre-season tour in Perth, conceding in the 11th hour to surrender a two-goal lead against their Premier League rivals. Ten Hag's men started the game similarly to their previous success in Thailand and Australia, blowing Villa away with high-intensity pressing and impressive passing combinations. Jadon Sancho opened the scoring on 25 minutes, getting on the end of a sensational team move involving Diogo Dalot, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford and Luke Shaw. United's lead doubled through a Matty Cash own-goal on the brink of half-time, but they failed to continue their momentum after the break, and Villa took advantage. Leon Bailey grabbed a goal back on 49 minutes before Callum Chambers equalised with the final kick of the game, heading past David de Gea from a corner. After full-time, Ten Hag revealed he had gained key takeaways from the second-half performance and result ahead of United's return to Carrington next week. He told MUTV: "First-half, decent performance, 2-0 up. Second-half, we came back out of the dressing room, and we had to control the game, and we gave it away. That's no good, so that is a lesson." JUST IN: Man Utd 2-2 Aston Villa: Four things learned as Red Devils end tour One of the valuable lessons Ten Hag has learned throughout pre-season has regarded United's vulnerabilities while defending crosses. David de Gea would've been disappointed to concede in the manner he did against Crystal Palace and should've done more to prevent Villa's late-gasp equaliser. Many United fans have pledged their concerns over De Gea's ability to command his area and prevent the threat from crosses. Those concerns are potentially warranted, and it's a flaw that will undoubtedly be on Ten Hag's mind as he looks to revolutionise the side from front to back. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Harry Kane in limbo, Chelsea unrest, Ronaldo swap  De Gea has responded well to the Dutchman's demands for his goalkeeper to take on more of a sweeping mantle, and his distribution has also shown signs of improvement in pre-season. But the 31-year-old's continued struggle to deal with crosses while under pressure is a significant problem that must be solved. United have two more weeks on the training pitch before the competitive season gets underway against Brighton & Hove Albion at Old Trafford. And there is plenty of work to be done to ensure the 2022/23 campaign goes to plan and that Ten Hag starts his reign positively. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt