As travel chaos continues across the world, British travellers have been warned that a Chinese rocket is falling to earth on Friday and Saturday which could disrupt air travel. The warning comes as air companies like German carrier Lufthansa are planning more cancellations this weekend over ground staff strikes. Among the reasons cited for massive queues, delays and cancellations are staff shortages, Brexit, and an unprecedented number of travellers at airports. Now, travel chaos is poised to get worse this weekend, with a Chinese rocket expected to fall over Europe. Speaking on GB News, travel journalist Simon Calder said: "I’m not seeing any huge problems yet. "Now what’s bound to happen is today and through the weekend, delays will build up during the day – an awful lot of air traffic over Europe "There could be problems there. "Would you believe? There’s even concerns about space debris disrupting air travel in Europe."  "A Chinese rocket is falling to earth today and on Saturday and Sunday," Mr Calder explained. He added: "And so, the civil aviation authorities are saying: ‘No danger to anybody but flights across continental Europe could be disrupted. "It’s never-ending!" On top of strikes and lack of preparedness, a Chinese rocket could further disrupt holidaymakers making their way to the airport. READ MORE: Chinese space debris could ‘impact’ holiday flights The Civil Aviation Authority said: “The European Union Space Surveillance and Tracking [EU SST] consortium has been tracking a large space rocket and estimate it will re-enter earth's atmosphere between Saturday 30 and Sunday 31 July. "The potential re-entry path does not bring any debris over the UK, but could impact flights planned through Bulgaria, France, Greece, Italy, Malta, Portugal, and Spain. "Operators are advised to monitor the situation carefully." In a successful mission, the rocket, known as Long March 5B, blasted off last Sunday launching Wentian – the second module of the Chinese large modular space station, Tiangong. DON'T MISS:Backlash as Brexit-blamers shut down over Dover delays [ANALYSIS]'Hidden fees’ British tourists should watch out for [TRAVEL]Best UK seaside town with the 'cheapest' pub is 'quiet and peaceful' [TRAVEL] According to the EU SST, the rocket weighs around 23 tonnes and is 53 meters long – making it "one of the largest pieces of debris re-entering in the near past. "Therefore it deserves careful monitoring." The rocket is likely to land in the sea though it is hard to determine where it will fall. The rocket will re-enter the atmosphere at a height of 80km and could be anywhere in a band between 41.47 degrees north and south of the equator. The band takes in much of southern Europe – from Portugal and Spain to Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey – including most of the Mediterranean. READ NEXT:Britons should use 'shampoo bottle' to avoid being robbed on holidayno need to panic of post-Brexit rule change to Spain - not 'revenge'Prince Charles ‘in a no-win situation’ as readers slam helicopter useSpain ‘not worth the hassle’ fumes host as Britons face new travel ulPopular souvenirs banned from luggage at the airport