The zombie apocalyptic drama The Walking Dead premiered 12 years ago and during this time, has won itself millions of loyal fans across the globe. But all good things must come to an end and it is no different for the iconic AMC drama. Now, the creators of The Walking Dead have revealed exactly when viewers can get lost in the final few episodes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Walking Dead. The Walking Dead season 11 has been leaving fans in anticipation since it first made its debut on August 22, 2021. In order to keep the excitement going, this final series has been split into three parts with each segment consisting of eight episodes. Part two came out earlier this year on February 20, 2022, on AMC in the USA and the following day on Disney+ in the UK. Up until now, it has been relatively quiet regarding exactly when The Walking Dead would return for the final eight episodes. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out Some of the key creators of The Walking Dead appeared at this year's Comic-Con for the first time in three years. To celebrate the momentous occasion, a trailer was teased to attendees, showing what's to come in the last lot of episodes of the zombie drama. The teaser also revealed that season 11, part three, will premiere on Sunday, October 2, on AMC in America. As with the previous parts, the same episode is then going to drop internationally the next day on the streaming service Disney+. This means that, as long as there are no delays or planned schedule breaks, then the final ever episode of The Walking Dead will air on Sunday, November 20. As with many series, the zombie drama's production was forced to shut down in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic. For this reason, AMC added six standalone episodes to the penultimate season which were shot under COVID-19 guidelines. There was the bonus episode entitled Here's Negan, telling the backstory of veteran character Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). DON'T MISS...Where are the cast of Only Fools and Horses now? [CAST]Outlander’s Marsali Fraser star opens up on Caitriona Balfe meeting [EXPLAINER]The Walking Dead fans in frenzy as Daryl appears in season 11 teaser [REACTION] But the news of The Walking Dead ending with season 11 even came as a shock to its cast and crew last year. Opening up to Collider, actor Morgan explained: “It came from nowhere and there was such a huge pivot. "I think they had Season 11 all mapped out, where they were going to go, and suddenly it became, ‘We also have to close the story, in a way.’ "It took everybody by surprise, so it was a massive pivot. "And then, they threw in the six tacked-on episodes to Season 10, and instead of doing 16, we’re going to do 24 more. There was a lot of stuff to wrap our heads around." In the season 11 part two finale, The Commonwealth proved to be the most advanced community seen since the outbreak began. So much so, that the organisation managed to take over Alexandria, Hilltop and Oceanside. But was the attack approved by Governor Milton (Laila Robins) and if not, how will she react to Deputy Governor Lance Hornsby's (Josh Hamilton) bold move? The Walking Dead season 11 part three premieres on Sunday, October 2, on AMC in America and Monday, October 3, on Disney+ in the UK.