Youri Tielemans is ready to make the move to Arsenal if the Gunners submit a bid to Leicester for the midfielder, it has been claimed. The Belgian is out of contract with his current club next summer and is expected to be available for a cut-price fee of around £30million but is sold on joining Mikel Arteta's side and is waiting for a deal to be agreed. The 25-year-old has long been on Arsenal's radar but they signed £34m Fabio Vieira from Porto last month and appear to have at least temporarily cooled their desire to bring in Tielemans since then. Despite that CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs speaking to Curtis Shaw TV reports that the player is eager to move to the Emirates. The north Londoners have already welcomed Marquinhos, Matt Turner, Vieira and Gabriel Jesus to the club and it is claimed that having been in contact for 12 months, Tielemans will join Arsenal as long as an acceptable offer is presented to Leicester. The player has reportedly always wanted the move. The Belgium international apparently believes Arsenal is the perfect opportunity for him even despite their absence of Champions League football. Tielemans has spent the last three-and-a-half seasons at Leicester and joined the Foxes permanently for £32m after a six-month loan from Anderlecht. MUST READ: Arsenal eyeing 'two more signings' as Merson details private Edu chat CBS Sports say there is no truth in reports that rivals Tottenham could hijack a deal but Newcastle have made a very basic enquiry. The Magpies' interest however is not advanced with Manchester United the most dangerous rival for Tielemans' signature. United boss Erik ten Hag is currently focused on trying to sign the likes of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong and defender Lisandro Martinez of former club Ajax, who is also an Arsenal target. Free agent Christian Eriksen is poised to join United after left-back Tyrell Malacia became the Red Devils' first new addition on Tuesday, joining from Feyenoord. It's claimed that Ten Hag is a fan of Tielemans' but that if Arsenal want to sign him, he is theirs for the taking. Personal terms are already said to be in place verbally. Leicester are eager to recoup the £32m they paid although the Gunners and other clubs would prefer to do a deal closer to £25m with add-ons on top of that. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Chelsea boss Tuchel 'plots surprise De Ligt transfer alternative'Transfer EXCLUSIVE: Tottenham track next Haaland, Chelsea exit stallMan Utd told to sign Ronaldo's former team-mate in attempt to keep him Tielemans is said to be sold on a move to Arsenal even though their delay since bringing in Vieira has opened the door for United or any other club to swoop in. Spurs and Real Madrid have also been linked but are not serious suitors as it stands. Leicester are currently planning for Tielemans to stay at the King Power Stadium and are not ruling out a new contract. Tielemans said recently: "I have the feeling that people think that after this season I will be out of contract when I still have one year left. I feel good here, I like living here, my children go to school here. I'm happy both outside and inside football. And Leicester have ambition. "I am very calm about [my future]. My contract expires in 2023 and it's not that I absolutely want to leave. I haven’t made my decision yet. If I have to stay another year, I will gladly do so. The club has been really great towards me. They remain very professional, just like me. That will not change. "There are talks between the club and my advisors. That will remain so. It's not that I'm ignoring the club. I will study my options in the summer and make a decision. My family is the most important to me. I'm not going somewhere where I know my family isn’t happy. As a father of two children, you have to think about that too."