BBC Weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood has predicted temperatures ranging from between 13C to 29C across the country this week. Cloudier conditions are expected this week and some heavy rain showers are expected to begin to fall across the far North of England. Ms Kirkwood predicted high pollen counts in parts of the country except for Northern Ireland and Scotland.  Ms Krikwood said: "Now the weather this week, we're going to be chasing cloud basically and some of us will have quite a bit of it with the odd light spot of rain. "Most of us will stay dry and some of us will see some sunshine, but all of us are going to become warmer. "In fact by the time you get to Sunday, some parts of the South-East could get up as high as 29C degrees and widely low 20s up to the high 20s. "Now what we've got today is high pressure trying to build in from the West. JUST IN: Ukraine fatalities in full: Russia war grips nation - 'Endless caravan of death'    Ms Kirkwood added: "We also have this weather front coming in, that's going to bring in some heavier rain, "About later on in the day and also tonight, it's also going to be quite windy across the far Noth. "Now we've got cloud across Northern Ireland, in through Wales and the Midlands. "Sinking South over the course of the day and it will continue to break up.  READ MORE:Ukraine taunts Putin in NATO warning after US steps in – no fly zone set to scupper Russia    Ms Kirkwood said: "It will be thick enough here and there for the odd light spot of rain or drizzle. "You can see how it brightens up behind it and then later as our weather front comes in. "The cloud will thicken again across Northern Ireland and Western Scotland. "Introducing some rain, temperatures 13C to 23C.  DON’T MISS: Elon Musk 'SPAT ON' by Russian engineer after furious bust-up: 'Tired of listening to him'[INSIGHT]'Total mess' as BA cancels 105,000 passengers' flights as airport chaos continues [REVEAL]Farmers suffer labour shortages and food waste as workers struggle with new Brexit visas [SPOTLIGHT]     Ms Kirkwood added: "For Wimbledon today it should stay dry, light winds as well. "We're looking for highs of about 22C that's 72F, if you're going don't forget your sun cream. "Because it does feel hot when you're there,  and when the cloud goes over you really do notice a drop in temperature. "But the pollen levels are high or very high for most of the UK except for Northern Ireland and Northern Scotland where today they are moderate."