Birmingham opened its Commonwealth Games in spectacular style with a captivating, hopeful ceremony at Alexander Stadium. Prince Charles opened the Games as he read a message from the Queen calling Birmingham “a pioneering city… symbolic of the rich diversity and unity of the Commonwealth”.  The Prince of Wales was greeted by Simon Topman MBE Deputy Lieutenant when he first arrived at the Athletes' Village this afternoon. He was then introduced to Dame Louise Martin, President of the Commonwealth Games Federation, Hannah England, Mayor of the Athletes Village and Lord Bilimoria CBE, University of Birmingham Chancellor. Fireworks followed as LED lights lit up in the crowd and Birmingham's own Duran Duran entered to bring the party to an end as the giant bull swayed its head to the beat. Mr Grimes expressed his disappointment and tweeted: “I can't watch the Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony.  “I thought it would be a celebration of Britain and the rest of the nations, instead, it appears to be a left-wing drama school production that's mad on identity politics.” Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai emphasised the importance of education in a surprise appearance while diver Tom Daley made a show of support for LGBTQ+ rights as the baton relay concluded. But the biggest shock perhaps came when a 10m tall animatronic bull came steaming into the stadium as part of a ceremony that celebrated the multiculturalism of both Birmingham and the Commonwealth. As the parade of athletes concluded, each of Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales were warmly received before host nation England arrived in a cloud of confetti to send the volume skyrocketing with a crowd rendition of We Will Rock You.  READ MORE: Couple slam parking firm after being fined despite buying ticket The Games are officially open, with events beginning on Friday and more than 5,000 athletes representing 72 nations and territories competing in 280 medal events until August 8. It called for togetherness for a group of nations whose future is becoming increasingly uncertain, with competing nation Barbados already having replaced the Queen as its head of state and Jamaica's prime minister saying it will be “moving on”. Around 3,500 athletes and technical officials are staying in the Athletes' Village for the next couple of weeks. An estimated 35,000 people will attend the event at the Alexander Stadium in Perry Barr tonight, with a further one million expected to tune in at home.  DON'T MISS:Evacuations underway as massive blaze rips through several homesTraffic trouble as first ever ‘amber’ warning GB News: Sunak lambasted over policies and 'terrible slogan' Athletes have been moving into the accommodation for the last week, which includes a number of gyms, entertainment hubs and dining halls. There are also several pop up tents across the village, providing a range of activities for the athletes during the 11 days of the Games, including table tennis courts. 