P Valley returned after its two week hiatus and fans were emotional watching the latest episode. "Jackson" focused on the theme of motherhood and explains the story behind Pynk. After two weeks out of action, P Valley returned to Starz and fans were delighted. Coming back from two weeks off, the next episode in season two focused on the theme of motherhood and lets viewers in on the story behind Pynk. Gambling millions in the hope of a better life from her daughter, Hailey showed off a softer side and "Jackson" unveiled her true motivations. Calling for the episode to be longer after such a long break, fans shared their reactions to the release of episode seven. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Built on history, the swampland strip joint Pynk stands for more than what meets the eye. Holding the memories of multiple lives, the place is sacred but it doesn't stop Hailey from attempting to sell it to buy a better life for her and her daughter. Knowing the worth of the place, she turns down an offer for five million dollars and gambles the property and a chance at a new start. Elsewhere, Lil Murda is continuing to have flash backs to Big Teak's suicide. He attempts to keep busy by tending to Ernestine who is suffering from Covid, however things aren't smooth sailing as she escapes the house and tries to throw herself in the Mississippi. Believing her end is near, Ernestine insists Clifford and Murda help her heal herself with the river water and she pours it over herself. Ernestine is taken away in an ambulance and viewers are left to wonder her fate until the next episode. Naming the episode "Jackson" for a reason, Mercedes takes Terricka there for a medical consultation about her unborn baby. DON'T MISS...P-Valley season 2, episode 7 release time: What time is Jackson out? [UPDATE]P Valley fans spot Autumn star’s ‘real’ accent in key scene [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Shannon Thornton on her ’jealousy’ of Uncle Clifford star [INSIGHT] They learn she is 14 weeks pregnant, cutting it fine to the upper limit for a legal abortion. Arriving at the clinic, they are met with “Abortion is Murder” protestors waving placards outside. Mercedes has been in Terricka’s position and flashbacks show the viewer a glimpse of what the character had to deal with herself. Fans shared their thoughts on the topical subject matter, applauding the show on its emotional writing. Twitter user Jesse Jones wrote: "Pvalley put me in my feels tonight." @jessbebored echoed this by saying: "this new p valley was so impactful. seeing mercedes’ having to deal with something as scary as terri am going thru what she went thru she def don’t wanna mess up like patrice did." Another fan, Kathryn Young, praised the show further: "You are raising the bar continually! This is some Emmy Award work y’all doing here." Watch P Valley season two, episode seven on Starz now.