The entry rules to mainland Portugal, Madeira and Porto Santo have been updated and it is likely they will remain the same for the rest of the summer. The Government updated the Covid-related entry requirements to mainland Portugal on July 1. The foreign travel advice now states "there are no Covid vaccination or testing requirements for entry to mainland Portugal, Madeira and Porto Santo". This means British tourists arriving in Portugal are not required to show proof of vaccination anymore. Those travellers who are not vaccinated, don't need to show a negative test before entering the country. READ MORE: Suitcase packing tip: ‘Number one accessory’ This is good news for travellers as it will likely speed up the passport control process upon arrival and reduce queues. British tourists who are not fully jabbed will also save hundreds as PCR or antigen tests are no longer required to enter Portugal. The foreign office also announced "a passenger locator form is no longer required for entry to mainland Portugal, Madeira and the Azores". This is with the exception of the Azores.  Britons travelling to the Azores "must present proof that you have been fully vaccinated when you check-in for your flight". Travellers can use the UK Covid Pass to prove their vaccination status. The foreign travel advice explained that "if you’re fully vaccinated and your airline allows you to travel to the Azores without proof of your vaccination status, you will have to take a COVID-19 test at your own expense at the airport or port on arrival". If passengers are not fully vaccinated, they will need to show proof of a negative PCR test (taken no more than 72 hours before boarding), a rapid lateral flow test (taken no more than 24 hours before boarding) or valid evidence of recent recovery from COVID-19 on departure to the Azores. READ MORE: Simon Calder says UK is worst hit by travel chaos If Britons tested positive for COVID-19 in the last year, they can enter the Azores with a COVID-19 recovery certificate showing they recovered from COVID-19, no less than 11 days and no more than 180 days before they travel. Portugal is one of Britain's favourite holiday destinations, but what are the best spots to visit? According to Travellersworldwide, the best places to visit in Portugal are Porto and Lisbon. Lisbon is the capital and one of Europe’s most captivating cities while Porto is the second-largest city and one of Portugal's most picturesque towns. 1. Lisbon 2. Porto 3. Algarve 4. Nazare 5. Peneda-Geres National Park 6. Braga 7. Tomar 8. Sintra 9. Coimbra 10. The Azores