Below Deck Mediterranean is back on Bravo and Peacock and a number of changes have been made for season seven. Not only is the crew touring Malta for the first time, but the TV show has also welcomed some different faces on board a new yacht, called Home. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about stew Natalya Scudder. Natalya was born in Australia and she has always had a love of water. Her first yachting job came when she was just 18 and she proved herself to be a hard worker. The reality star has held positions of both second stew and chief stew on board different boats. No request is too outlandish for the stew, who has worked with some high-end charter guests. She has even worked for multiple royal families during her career. READ MORE: Below Deck Med's Captain Sandy speaks out on challenge of change This season, fans are expected to see a romance between Scudder and Storm Smith develop. In the trailer, she is heard saying: "I am not openly looking for a boat romance, but Storm is looking nice at this point." Later on, she is seen kissing her co-star and fans are excited to see what happens next. Natalya is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her latest ventures. She recently spent time in Los Angeles, California, branded the City of Angels. In another post, she is seen posing in a bikini in Formentera, Islas Baleares, Spain. The star loves to travel but is always drawn back to her home in Western Australia. While some of the Below Deck stars have already had TV experience, the new Below Deck Med marks her TV debut. DON'T MISS... Below Deck Med season 7 cast: who has joined the crew? [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans fume after Ashley Marti skips reunion [DISCUSSION] Below Deck Down Under's Chef Ryan speaks out on 'villain' casting [INTERVIEW] Viewers have pointed out how Natalya and chief stew Natasha Webb look almost identical. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the visual similarities between the two stars. David Golaner said: "So, @BravoTV — you can’t cast nearly identical stews — with almost identical names (Natasha/Natalya). "Those of us who watch #BelowDeckMed aren’t that smart." Echo added: "Not them being named Natasha and Natalya!! ARE y’all twins?! It’s scary!! #BelowDeckMed." [Sic] BelowDeckJohn shared: "Whoever was the hiring manager has a type. Natalya and Natasha are damn near twins. #belowdeck #BelowDeckMed." New episodes of Below Deck Med will air every Monday, so fans will have to wait and see what Natalya gets up to. This year the crew is led by Sandy Yawn, with only Mzi “Zee” Dempers returning from the previous season.  Below Deck Mediterranean airs on Bravo on Mondays, with new episodes streaming a week early on Peacock.