Manchester United are increasingly confident of signing Frenkie de Jong this summer. The club have spent over 60 days pursuing the Barcelona star, believing it’s possible the 25-year-old will move to Old Trafford. And, if a move goes through, it will certainly be a statement of intent. Manchester United have been linked with Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans, of Wolves and Leicester respectively, as they look to bolster their squad. But they’re refusing to give up on De Jong, who has long been Erik ten Hag’s priority. United have agreed an initial fee with Barcelona, with the club primed to land the Netherlands international for a fee of £63million. Though there are some obstacles left to run, optimism is building at Old Trafford that John Murtough and Richard Arnold’s recent trip to Barcelona wasn’t in vain. So Express Sport will now take a look at four welcome gifts they give De Jong, if and when he finally makes the move. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings When Barcelona signed De Jong back in the summer transfer window of 2019, he was expected to be central to everything that happens on the pitch. But, three years on, that hasn’t happened. De Jong has had his moments but, the truth is, he’s struggled for consistency under the likes of Xavi, Ronald Koeman, Quique Setien and Ernesto Valverde. Barcelona have always built around Sergio Busquets, rather than his younger team-mate, while they’ve got high hopes for Pedri and Gavi given they’re academy graduates. In short, De Jong has never been the main man. But at United, under old boss Ten Hag, he’ll be a talisman. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong A second welcome gift United can provide De Jong is a lucrative salary. Though there’s no word on what he’ll earn, it was reported back in May that they were willing to pay the midfielder a huge £395,000-a-week. That would represent an increase on what he earns at Barcelona, with the player currently on £354,000-a-week. It would put him above David De Gea in the pay table, as well as Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. And if De Jong is reluctant to leave Barcelona, then money could be the way of getting this deal over the line. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United have won the race for Christian Eriksen, who will move to the club on a free transfer. And it’s possible both De Jong and the Denmark international will be regulars in the middle of the park given their immense talents. Eriksen has the potential to be the signing of the summer given United are bringing him in with no transfer fee involved. His form at Tottenham shows that, on his day, he’s one of the best playmakers in the whole of world football. And Eriksen could be an appealing player for De Jong to play alongside, especially given his heroic return to football following a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. At Barcelona, De Jong hasn’t had world-class attacking players to aim for. Lionel Messi aside, of course. Antoine Griezmann never took to life in Catalonia, while Luis Suarez was past his best by the time the Netherlands international arrive. But, at United, De Jong will have young, speedy players to provide ammunition for - which may help his statistics rise. Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Martial can all thrive if they’re given the right service. And De Jong could even help Cristiano Ronaldo stay evergreen as the 37-year-old approaches the twilight years of his career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here