After Boris Johnson resigned as Prime Minister on Thursday, 11 Conservatives have put themselves forwards to replace him and lead the country. Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Sajid Javid and other ministers have all laid out brief ideas on what they would do as leader, but former Tory MEP Lord Hannan has spelt out a list of policies for the prospective PM’s. Lord Daniel Hannan, Baron Hannan of Kingsclere, adviser to the Board of Trade since 2020, said “we Tory activists understand that the economy has been wrecked by the lockdown”. He suggested any would-be Prime Minister should "halt price rises, not "worry about the woke", cut VAT, be sensible about net zero, cancel new taxes, reduce net spending, build more houses, scrap needless regulations, restore our sovereignty and reform the civil service. Lord Hannan also said “people don’t vote for Centre-Right politicians because they find them cuddly”, saying whoever leads must follow Margaret Thatcher and “print less money” to bring inflation down. Writing in the Telegraph, the former Tory MEP noted “there is nothing to stop the Government enforcing a mandatory target on the Bank – say, that inflation should be below four percent in 2023, and below two percent thereafter”. However, he then added that “monetary policy alone won’t be enough”, before calling for cuts to VAT and cancelling new taxes. He said: “Tax takes up a larger share of most household budgets than the mortgage, the car or anything else – though, because taxes are dispersed and often hidden, few realise it. “One obvious way to help people through the current squeeze is by cutting VAT on energy – something we are free to do outside the EU, and a policy pushed by Vote Leave during the referendum. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Sheer glee' French elite 'deluded' over fall of Boris “Better yet, we could cut all VAT to 10 percent – the most tangible way to help people with their bills. “Cutting green taxes of course implies (being sensible about net zero). The clue is in the name. “That means being prepared to suspend some targets in the face of a more pressing crisis. Yes, we should aim for a blend of hydrogen, nuclear energy, renewables, the works. But, in the immediate term, we’re going to need fossil fuels.” Lord Hannan, in a takedown of Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak’s National Insurance hike, added: “Before we get to tax cuts, let’s drop the scheduled increases in National Insurance and corporation tax." DON'T MISS Royal LIVE: Meghan and Harry destroy 'laughably ridiculous' rule Kate's major break of royal protocol after Djokovic Wimbledon match George exempt from longstanding Wimbledon rule after final appearance Mr Johnson has said he will not back any of the Tory MPs looking to replace him as Prime Minister. He said he doesn't want to "damage anybody's chances”, and added he is "determined" to deliver the mandate he was elected on in 2019. The outgoing Prime Minister said at the Francis Crick Institute in London: “The more we focus on the people, on the people who elect us... The more we talk about the future that we're trying to build, the less we talk about politics in Westminster, the generally happier we will all be." Mr Johnson has said he will not back any of the Tory MPs looking to replace him as Prime Minister.  He said he doesn't want to "damage anybody's chances”, and added he is "determined" to deliver the mandate he was elected on in 2019.  The outgoing Prime Minister said at the Francis Crick Institute in London: “The more we focus on the people, on the people who elect us... The more we talk about the future that we're trying to build, the less we talk about politics in Westminster, the generally happier we will all be." Charles Walker, the former chair of the 1922 Committee, says he expects this leadership contest to have a much higher threshold than the 2019 race. He told BBC News: "When we had this in 2019, we set the threshold at 17 supporters to go through, then second round was 33. "So I suspect you'll see a more aggressive threshold to thin the field. "If the first round is on Wednesday, it gives us six days until the House of Commons rises on July 21. "So it is possible it can be done."