The warning, in place from tomorrow between 10am and 10pm, covers a large swathe of the south west, but stretching as far east as Brighton in West Sussex. It says there is a "slight chance" of power cuts to homes and businesses, with flooding and lightning strikes causing imminent delays and cancellations to public transport. Spray and sudden flooding could also make driving conditions difficult, causing road closures in some instances. It is the Met Office's second warning this week for thunderstorms, which have began sweeping in after a period of intense heat, where the top temperature was reached in Lincolnshire at 40.3C.   A statement from the Met Office reads: "While some areas will remain dry, slow moving, heavy thunderstorms are likely to develop from mid to late morning, likely peaking during the afternoon and early evening before decaying later. "Where thunderstorms do occur, 20-25 mm of rain is possible in less than an hour, and 40-50 mm could fall in 2 or 3 hours. "Hail and frequent lightning are potential additional hazards." The warning covers 16 local authority areas in Wales, 12 in the south west, seven in the south east and Herefordshire in the West Midlands. The 12 hour warning is the only one activated at the moment, but WX Charts shows there is a chance of more heavy rain over the south west this weekend. The daily forecast from the Met Office shows those living in Bristol and south Wales may experience rain from around noon and 3pm, but this is subject to change. In Cardiff, the most intense period of rain is set to be between 2pm and 3pm. Temperatures look set to peak at a cool 19C. READ MORE: UK storm forecast: Maps show lightning to strike Britain A period of unsettled weather is set to continue into the weekend, according to the Met Office. Its forecast says: "Breezy during the weekend with spells of rain possible at times. "Drier interludes with some sunny spells too. Cloudier on Monday with some outbreaks of rain." The thunderstorms follow hot on the heels of intense heat which ravaged the UK on Monday and Tuesday this week. DON'T MISS:Ex-No10 aide warns Tory members largely 'undecided' in leadership race [INSIGHT]Farage slams Tory contest but says Truss is ‘least worst' [WATCH]Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [ANALYSIS] Much of the country cooked in temperatures of 39C, with a new record of 40.3C being recorded, which is the hottest day this country has ever seen. Met Office chief forecaster Dan Suri said: “Now that the extreme heat is behind us, the UK can look forward to more typical conditions. "The introduction of moister air from the Atlantic is triggering the risk of thunderstorms and heavy showers for parts of the UK with a warning in force today for most of southern and eastern England. “There’s a further risk of thunderstorms on Friday but by the weekend it’ll turn drier, brighter and increasingly warm in the south and east of England. Northern and western parts of the UK are set to experience relatively fresher conditions as it turns breezier and wetter here over the weekend.” 