The Prime Minister is understood to have wanted to appoint either Foreign Secretary Liz Truss to run the Treasury or Home Secretary Priti Patel, both of whom would have been willing to deliver rapid tax cuts in a bid to win back support from the Tory backbenches. But, it is understood that with both senior women in his government already pledging support Mr Johnson found himself in a stand off with Zahawi who was threatening to follow Rishi Sunak, the man he is now replacing, and former Health Secretary Sajid Javid out of the door. Sources have said that Mr Zahawi told the Prime Minister he would only stay if he was given the job of Chancellor to turn the country's finances around. Following a meeting of more than an hour the former businessman, who founded the Yougov polling company, has left Downing Street as the second most powerful man in the Government. Mr Zahawi, who won many plaudits as vaccine minister and was education secretary, is known to have eadership ambitions. He was planning on considering whether to resign overnight before being called in by the Prime Minister over concerns that he had not pledged loyalty. A source involved with his leadership team said: "He should have walked, this government is finished but he obviously hopes he can turn things around enough." An MP said: "Nobody really knows what Zahawi stands for." Another added: "I would have preferred Liz [Truss] because she is sounder on economics." Meanwhile, Ms Patel has wanted the Chancellor job for many years and believed she was in with a chance according to several sources. She was being championed by the Prime Minister's chief fixer David Canzinii behind the scenes, it has been claimed. But with his position as Prime Minister tonight hanging by a thread Mr Johnson could not afford to lose a third cabinet minister after Mr Sunak's angry resignation along with Mr Javid. Meanwhile, a relative unknown Michelle Donelan is the new secretary of education, replacing Mr Zahawi's old role as the Prime Minister shores up his Government. Loyalist MPs have told Express.co.uk that they have lost confidence in Mr Johnson and appear to be ready to vote for a rebel attempt to oust him. The Pincher saga appeared to trigger two resignations of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid. READ MORE: Cabinet told to oust PM today as ministers look FURIOUS with Boris Mr Sunak said in his letter to the Prime Minister: "We cannot continue like this. I believe standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." Mr Barclay's appointment to replace Javid as the Prime Minister tried to shore up his government. Labour greeted Mr Barclay's appointment congratulating him as "the shortest serving Health Secretary in history." Meanwhile, education secretary Nadhim Zahawi is meeting the Prime Minister with speculation he may resign or be made Chancellor.  As of reporting last night, Mr Johnson had still not appointed a new chairman with Northern Research Group chairman Jake Berry and former Health secretary Matt Hancock, who resigned over breaking lockdown rules with his lover, both thought to be contenders. DON'T MISS 'Poll position' Rishi tipped for Number 10 takeover while main riva... [REVEAL]'End for Boris tonight' after big hitters quit, says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT]Chris Pincher POLL: Do you care about the newest Tory sleaze saga? [REACT]