Paul Merson has confirmed that Arsenal are looking to bring in at least 'two more players' this summer, after revealing a private chat with transfer chief Edu. The Gunners have already made four signings this summer, but it looks as though their business is far from being done just yet. Arsenal were the Premier League's biggest spenders last summer, and it looks like they could start the new season with that tag to their name again. So far, Arsenal have spent a combined £80million on Marquinhos, Matt Turner, Fabio Vieira and Gabriel Jesus, but with 'at least two more signings' being targeted, that figure could rise significantly. It's not quite the £150m that was spent last summer, but after a dry January and then missing out on top four, it was an investment that was needed. Arsenal have been linked with the likes of Raphinha, Lisandro Martinez, Youri Tielemans and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic on top of the acquisitions they have already made. And Edu's intentions as stated by Merson will be exciting the Arsenal fans even more.  READ MORE: Leeds close in on sealing £32m replacement for Kalvin Phillips as Man City medical set Merson revealed on Sky Sports: "I saw Edu on Sunday and we had a little chat, and I think they've bought well - they're trying to get a couple more players in. I think Arsenal could have a good season. Try and get in the top four. "Small steps, but I definitely think in the top four this season. They've bought well, they have young players in the team that will get another lot of games and another season under their belt. I don't think there's too many excuses at Arsenal now." DON'T MISSTottenham doctors 'preparing another medical' as Antonio Conte has staff on overtimeMan Utd owners the Glazers could be about to give Erik ten Hag three new leadersMan Utd face further transfer snub as Bayern Munich 'make first bid' for Red Devils target  Unfortunately, Merson didn't crumble under the pressure when being asked what names had been mentioned, as he explained: "I was told that in confidence so I can't reveal that I'm afraid." But the excited look on his face said enough, as it doesn't look like the Gunners are pursuing targets that aren't considered to be elite talent. Arsenal have reportedly made formal bids for Martinez, Raphinha and Milinkovic-Savic, although all three have been rejected thus far. They're expected to return with improved offers, and a bid for Leicester's Tielemans is also expected as the Belgian is entering the final year of his contract, so could be bought for a bargain fee. 