Lady Diana Spencer paid a touching tribute to her family on her royal wedding day by wearing the Spencer Tiara, a stunning diadem that has been in the Spencer family for decades. After becoming the Princess of Wales, the tiara remained a firm favourite of Diana's for royal engagements, but it has rarely been seen publicly since the Princess' death in a car crash 25 years ago.  The Spencer Tiara is a garland tiara adorned with several stunning diamonds in pear, circular, rose and cushion cuts. The diadem has characteristic star and trumpet-shaped flowers and is defined by a central heart at its front. The tiara in its current form was created by Garrard in the 1930s, the same royal jeweller behind Diana's iconic sapphire engagement ring from Prince Charles. As a royal bride, Princess Diana would have been eligible to wear a tiara from the Queen's personal jewellery collection on her big day. However, Diana's decision to wear the heirloom was seen as a way of honouring her own aristocratic family while joining the Royal Family.  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement The Spencer Tiara remains an heirloom in the Spencer family, and it was worn by Celia McCorquodale, Princess Diana's niece, at her 2018 wedding. Before Diana's wedding, the Spencer Tiara was worn by her elder sisters Lady Sarah McCorquodale and Lady Jane Fellowes at their respective nuptials too. Earl Spencer's first wife Victoria Lockwood also wore the stunning piece on her wedding day in 1989.   Some may have thought Earl Spencer's eldest daughter Lady Kitty Spencer would have worn the tiara at her Italian wedding last year, but the bride opted not to. Despite wearing several items from Diana's own jewellery collection over the years, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has never been pictured wearing the Spencer Tiara. Kate often wears the Lover's Knot Tiara that Diana also adored, but the diadem is part of the Queen's collection.  DON'T MISS:Lilibet could inherit 6 items from Diana's collection worth over £700K [PICTURES]Princess Diana dated forgotten Wimbledon star during Charles marriage [ANALYSIS]Diana knew she was 'adored' after Charles marriage crumbled [INSIGHT] Princess Charlotte, Diana's eldest granddaughter, could possibly wear the Spencer Tiara in the future, as could Diana's youngest grandchild Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. An insider told Good to Know: “William is close with his uncle and has asked if his mother’s namesake tiara can be given to Charlotte someday. “William is quite aware the Earl has daughters of his own, but the two have agreed that Diana’s iconic piece belongs to her first granddaughter.” The Spencer Tiara was exhibited by Sotheby's London earlier this year to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. 