The latest thrilling instalment of one of Netflix’s biggest shows concluded with a devastating cliffhanger for the Hawkins gang. After realising Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) survived the battle, the situation became even direr when the Upside Down began taking over their town, setting up an epic war against the dark dimension when Stranger Things returns for its fifth and final outing. Matt and Ross Duffer have now teased Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) will play a major role in saving their town from the hostile parallel universe. In the latest season, Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) and her friends realised the Upside Down was stuck in time on the day Will disappeared. The otherworldly dimension was originally created when Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) unleashed the full extent of her powers at Hawkins Laboratory. However, despite the latest season of Stranger Things ending on their darkest hour, the group of friends are one step closer to saving Hawkins from Vecna’s tyranny. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit “We really wanted to give the audience a lot of the big answers,” Ross confirmed. “[But] there’s still a few of the question marks that remain.” Ross went on to explain how the significance of the Upside Down being stuck in time and its connection with its first victim could be explored further in season five. He told Deadline: “The biggest one being we set up in the volume one finale how the Upside Down is stuck in time on the day of Will’s disappearance.” “That’s something we don’t answer in volume two, and that is really the key plot point. “The key question that is going to drive our final season as we try to wrap up this story and give the rest of the answers out.” If the Upside Down is still tethered to Will in some way, he may have to make a brave sacrifice to put a stop to Vecna’s plans with the other world. Unfortunately, their battle won’t be an easy one after the four-gate collision kicked off a mini-apocalypse at the centre of the gang’s home town. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sent tributes as he celebrates with cast [VIDEO]The Boys boss hits back at season 3 backlash [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser praises wife for behind-the-scenes support [INSIGHT] “We’ve always wanted the Upside Down encroaching into Hawkins in a more massive way,” Matt added. “We hinted at it a little bit in season two but we want a full-blown Upside Down invasion, and that’s something you just can’t hit the rewind on that one.” Now the Upside Down is right on their doorstep, Will can use his experience of getting lost in the dimension from season one to ensure his friends’ survival. The creators have also already confirmed Noah’s character will become even more important when Stranger Things returns for its final instalment. “Will’s going to be a big part and focus, is really all I can say of season five, in his journey,” Matt told Collider. “We’re starting to see his coming of age, really. Which has been challenging for a number of reasons, some of which are supernatural. But you’re starting to see him come into his own.” Hopefully, this doesn’t mean the writing is on the wall for the Stranger Things favourite, though it’s almost guaranteed some of the gang won’t be making out of their next battle alive. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.