Express.co.uk has been told that Gove rang friends last night to discuss how to remove the Prime Minister. One senior MP who is a close friend advised him against playing a roll.  “I told him it will just feed the narrative that he is the plotter in chief and a back stabber. It was a terrible mistake.” But Gove went ahead with his meeting with the Prime Minister, told him to go and was sacked for his trouble. Now he is understood to be preparing to back a fresh younger candidate outside the cabinet as a new “clean break” leader. That could be the Attorney General Suella Braverman or another rising star on the right of the party Kemi Baddanoch who resigned today.  While Mr Johnson made up with Mr Gove - at least publicly - after being stabbed in the back in 2016 and welcomed him into his Government after winning the leadership contest in 2019, there was always a deeply held suspicion about his now former Levelling Up Secretary. So when Mr Gove started briefing today about going to see the Prime Minister to tell him to quit then the fears that the “plotter in chief” was up to his old tricks must have finally got to a Prime Minister already rendered paranoid with dozens of ministerial resignations. Friends of Mr Gove have told Express.co.uk that he had in fact considered resigning but decided it would be better to tell the Prime Minister to go. His appeal to Mr Johnson came ahead of other allies turning on him later in the day including Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Home secretary Priti Patel. So far at the point of writing none of the other Cabinet ministers have resigned but it is clear that the Prime Minister thought Mr Gove had been “conducting a briefing war against him” according to allies. Mr Johnson also blames Gove for the appointment of his former chief of staff Dominic Cummings who had in a previous role was Gove’s special advisor.  Cummings was sacked last December after “trying to take control of Downing Street” and “impugning that Prime Minister’s wife (Carrie).” Since then he has been behind many public outbursts and revelations against the Prime Minister. A loyalist MP recently said: “The PM believes bringing Cummings in was his greatest mistake and it was because of Gove.” The relationship between Gove and Cummings has continued to fuel suspicions that he was still eyeing the top job. Just recently one MP who was in his campaign team said that Gove “could run as the safe pair of hands candidate” if Mr Johnson was forced out. It also turns out that he was moved to Levelling Up not just because he is seen as one of the most intelligent and effective ministers but because the Prime Minister “was fed up of manipulating in the Cabinet Office.” Gove has now run for the leadership twice and failed twice. He has also been sacked by two Prime Ministers and fallen out badly with a third. MPs have always said that his biggest problem is that nobody trusts him. One MP noted: “He is an arch liberal to those who want to hear that and an arch conservative to those who are that way inclined.”  His removal is meant to be a statement that the Prime Minister is, like Brexit, “taking back control” of his Government. One MP said: “It seems he wants to say that nobody is too big to be fired. Nobody is indispensable.” But the MP added: “Boris should remember that applies to himself as well.” The question is now what does Gove do? With the Prime Minister a dead man walking in the eyes of most Tory MPs he could launch a new leadership bid or be the king or queen maker.