The Duchess of Cornwall smiles in the image released for her birthday on Sunday. In the snap, the future Queen Consort is sat at a garden table with flowers and plants in the background and a tea cup and saucer before her and a bowl of peaches. The picture was taken last month in the gardens of Raymill, her retreat in Lacock, Wiltshire, where the photographed peaches were grown. Prince Charles's wife is wearing a blue floral dress by Sophie Dundas in the photo. She bought the six-bedroom property, 17 miles from the Prince of Wales's Highgrove home in Gloucestershire, after her divorce from Andrew Parker Bowles in the mid 1990s. Clarence House has said Camilla's 75th birthday will be celebrated with a small family dinner on Sunday. It is likely the heir to the throne will host the evening get-together at his Highgrove residence. It comes after Camilla guest edited the latest edition of Country Life and also featured in an ITV documentary to mark her birthday. The Duchess of Cambridge photographed Charles's wife for the cover of the magazine. And Camilla's son, food writer Tom Parker Bowles, penned a paean to the peach, the essential ingredient in one of his mother's favourite desserts peach melba. Mr Parker Bowles wrote: "My mother is a keen grower of white peaches (the subject of this month's column was very much her idea) and they certainly don't want for attention." Camilla's 75th birthday comes during a period of change for the monarchy. The future Queen Consort spoke in the ITV documentary about "exciting new prospects" ahead as her position in the Royal Family takes on greater prominence. The Duchess is the former royal mistress who will now stand shoulder to shoulder as Queen with Charles when he becomes King. Camilla's public image has been transformed after she was cast as the "third person" in Charles and Princess Diana's marriage, to become a campaigning member of the monarchy prepared to serve the nation. During the 17 years she has been married to the royal she has grown into the role and is now an assured host when staging a reception at Clarence House or a confident representative of the Queen when invited to foreign lands. Camilla is patron or supporter of a number of literacy charities, speaks out in support of victims of domestic violence and champions several animal welfare organisations.