Meghan Markle and Princess Eugenie are rumoured to have a particularly close friendship within the Royal Family. Body language expert Adrianne Carter spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why the Duchess and the Princess may have bonded. The Duchess gave an insight into her friendship with Eugenie during a 2021 interview. In conversation with Ellen DeGeneres, the Duchess of Sussex recalled a "fun" evening with Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank before she was inaugurated into the Royal Family. She told the TV host: "He came to see me in Toronto and his friends - and his cousin Eugenie and her husband Jack - came as well. "The four of us snuck out in Halloween costumes to just have one fun night on the town before it was out in the world that we were a couple. READ MORE: Zara Tindall's public persona is 'an insight into the real Anne' "It was a post-apocalypse theme so we had all of this very bizarre costuming on and we were able to just, sort of, have one final fun night out." But why did Meghan forge a friendship with this royal in particular? According to Adrianne, the pairing just "makes sense". She explained: "Harry and Eugenie are said to be close friends. "As a cousin she would be no sexual threat to Meghan so a good family ally for Meghan to have with no threat to Meghan’s limelight." As well as her relation to Prince Harry, Eugenie's character makes her an ideal contender for Meghan's friendship, according to the expert. While Meghan is someone who "enjoys being in the spotlight", Eugenie is content with taking a backseat. Speaking about Meghan, Adrianne suggested that the Duchess "strives to always present her best self". READ MORE: Kate Middleton gives parenting 'masterclass' at Trooping the Colour "Her face rarely frowns, and she wears a permanent smile at events where she is likely to be photographed. "She is, after all, an actress, and I believe she rarely removes her mask when she is on display," the expert claimed. "Her actions give me the impression that she only allows the public and the press to see what she wants them to see, even with her friends." It is no secret that Princess Eugenie has also spent her life under the royal microscope. However, having an "extrovert mother" - Sarah Ferguson - meant she learned to forgo the spotlight. "She is accustomed to letting others be the centre of attention and does not need to perform in front of the cameras." So why is this Meghan Markle's "ideal" friend, according to Adrianne? The expert concluded: "She doesn't need or want special attention, so she won't be outshining or competing with her." Adrianne Carter is known as The Face Whisperer.