Kat Kamalani is a former flight attendant. As flight crew, she amassed insider insight and now she dispenses these tips to other flyers. A lifestyle, health and self-improvement-focused content creator, Kat has 136k followers on Instagram. The mum of two, who now lives in Hawaii and Utah with her partner, shares her life on her TikTok, where she has a whopping 825k followers and over 21.5 million likes. She posts her top travel tip on her accounts, as well as insights into her tropical life in Hawaii. She previously discussed items travellers should "never" eat on aeroplanes. She asked future passengers "just promise me you won't." Kat was emphatic that travellers on planes should never drink water unless it comes from a bottle.  READ MORE: 'I couldn't watch films during my flight because of woman's strange behaviour' This even includes hot water, so tea and coffee are out of the question according to this former cabin crew member. She said: "Never, ever, ever consume these products from an aeroplane, from a flight attendant." In fact, this was her absolute number one rule for flyers. Kat went on: "Rule number one, never consume any liquid that is not in a can or a bottle. "The reason being is because those water tanks are never cleaned and they are disgusting. DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' on the plane [INSIDER] Cheapest seaside town to visit during UK heatwave [TRAVEL] Bikini ban: Popular holiday destination bans bikinis with £425 fine [SHOCK]   Talk to a flight attendant, we rarely, rarely drink the coffee or tea that comes from the same water tank. "So when you are drinking that coffee and tea that comes from that hot water and it's absolutely disgusting." The coffee machines, Kat claims, are not often cleaned. She said: "These little (coffee machines), they are rarely cleaned unless they are broken. "The (kettles) are taken out and cleaned between flights, but the whole machine is never cleaned and they're by the lavatories."  But what about parents with babies who need warm milk, you ask? Kat has thought of that. "Pro tip for all you parents," she said, "never ask for hot water and put it in your baby's bottle. "Ask for bottled water on the side and hot water in a cup. "Then make your baby a bottle with the bottled water and put it in the cup and heat it up." Recently a flight attendant explained the kind of passenger behaviour that ruins cabin crew's day. The woman, who goes by Cierra Mist, detailed the number one annoying thing passengers can do is "ask (crew) to help you lift your bags." The cabin crew professional went on: "First of all, none of the crew is getting paid while you are boarding. "We actually don't even start getting paid until the airplane door shuts and the break gets lifted."