We have made huge strides, pushing forward with our recruitment of 20,000 new officers. However, we must go further to keep our streets safer. I want to see the role of special constables restored to the heart of local areas. We must develop them better and increase their number. Along with this, it is clear that victims of crime are not sufficiently supported in the criminal justice system. As Prime Minister, I would introduce a Victims' Bill to Parliament as soon as possible. Successive Conservative Governments have promised this but we still have not legislated to protect the rights of victims. We cannot wait any longer and need this bill to put the needs and voices of victims at the heart of the criminal justice system. The current version of the Victims' Bill will support victims throughout the system, enshrining the Victims' Code in law. It will place a duty on prosecutors in certain cases to meet victims before a case goes to trial, and to hear their views. Victims will also be given the right to attend Parole Board hearings in full and to submit questions during the process — such as querying an offender’s suitability for release. The legislation will also force convicted criminals to pay more towards crucial victim support services such as rape crisis centres. A 20 percent increase in the Victim Surcharge will raise £20 million by 2025. This penalty fee is imposed on offenders at sentencing, to ensure they take responsibility for their actions and pay back to society by contributing to services which support victims. We need this legislation, and we need it soon. We must also look at the issue of parole. I want the Victims Bill to incorporate the reforms set out in the Root and Branch Review of the Parole System announced in 2020. It is abundantly clear that the system needs to be changed: the cases of John Warboys and Colin Pitchfork demonstrated that our current arrangements do not prioritise public protection, which should be the overriding concern. The Victims Bill will ensure that the parole of the most dangerous offenders—murderers, rapists, terrorists and those who have caused or allowed the death of a child—will be subject to ministerial scrutiny, including a power to halt their release in the interests of public safety. I will also create a Community Payback Commissioner who will tackle the backlog of community payback hours. This a scheme where offenders work on local projects to repay the community for their crimes. It can include removing graffiti, clearing wasteland or decorating community centres. Community Payback is an essential tool in sentencing, and it makes offenders pay for their crimes in ways that are visibly beneficial to communities. Because of the pandemic, there is a large number of Community Payback hours which are yet to be fulfilled, which means criminals are not repaying their debts to society. Under my plans, the Community Payback Commissioner would help drive down the backlog and work with MPs and local government to make sure offenders are paying their debts in the right places. In addition to this, I want a wholesale focus on the issue of fraud. It’s not right that the public is losing money to fraudsters and criminals. I would shift the emphasis of Government bodies to ensure that we are combating this scourge. We must do better and stop the nefarious criminals who profit off people, and protect the vulnerable. As of yet we have been insufficiently focused on this. As prime minister, I want to focus on delivery. I want to see real changes in the criminal justice system, and I want victims to see them too. We have to be able to have confidence that criminals are punished and communities are protected, and that’s where my government will work quickly to get real results.