Sir Tom Jones, 82, has reportedly received medical attention after collapsing on stage in Budapest. He is said to have been forced to postpone a show on his Surrounded By Time tour. The Sex Bomb cooner reportedly had the medical emergency at the Hungarian capital's MVM Done as he continues his European tour. A source told the Daily Mail: “Tom Jones collapsed, so his concert was cancelled tonight and doctors were called to the stadium. “His management has set August 16th as the new date for the concert.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Tom for comment. READ MORE: Linda Nolan stuns in wedding look as nephew Shane Roche ties the knot Local news reports said an ambulance was called for The Voice coach Tom. Index, a Hungarian news publication, was reportedly told by a spokesperson for the Surrounded By Time tour that Tom had been taken ill. The tour has been taking the iconic singer around the continent, beginning in the UK with shows in Glasgow, Manchester, London and Birmingham. His upcoming dates include performances in Germany, Croatia, Italy, Norway and Belgium. Tom is set to return to the UK in August for some further dates in Edinburgh and Essex, before he heads off to the United States. The Welsh star has previously opened up on his health, revealing he has no plans to slow down despite pleas from his doctors. He was struck with a nasty infection that landed him in hospital back in 2018. And although he was advised by medical professionals to “slow down,” the Delilah singer decided to ignore them, instead releasing brand new music. DON'T MISS...'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [ADMISSION]Lily James, 33, looks unrecognisable in stunning gothic transformation [PICTURES]Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz's gesture to 'protect their marriage' [INSIGHT] Talking on the podcast Talk The Line with host Jen Long, the star revealed part of the inspiration behind his album was his decision to continue working. “I had an infection, and he said, ‘Ah well, you know'. I said, ‘I’ve got shows to do! And there’s nothing wrong with my voice’,” he said. “I don’t want to let people down! I’ve got shows to do. So he tried to tell me to, ’Slow down’ but I don’t want to slow down! “People were concerned, they thought there was something wrong, but it was an infection I had.” Tom’s reluctance to stop was motivated by the fact he previously had to cancel shows due to ill health, something he hated doing. Calling off shows in Finland due to a bout of illness in 2018, Tom released a disappointed statement on social media. It read: “Sir Tom Jones is recovering well from his recent illness, however will not be fit enough to perform on Wednesday. “He is extremely sorry and disappointed not to be able to perform, and sincerely apologises for inconveniences caused to the audience and all those who are involved in the event.”