Protests are due to take place across England and Wales including major cities such as London, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, and Cardiff. Those travelling on Friday should expect travel disruption and delays on the M4, M5, M3 and A38, according to the police. The Fuel Price Stand Against Tax group on Facebook plans to cause major delays with “slow-moving roadblocks”. These roadblocks see motorists drive extremely slowly and therefore holding up the traffic behind. The Facebook group has 53,000 members and it shared a post encouraging activists to take a stand across the nation to make their voices heard. Approximately 18.8 million holiday trips have been planned for this weekend in the UK, according to the RAC, as schools in England and Wales break up for the summer. It is thought that the worst-affected road will be the M25 particularly between Bromley and the Dartford Crossing; Maple Cross and the M3; and the M23 to the M40. According to Inrix, a transport analytics company, the disruption is also likely to affect the A303 near Stonehenge, Wiltshire; the M4 between Cardiff and Newport, south Wales, and the M5 south of Bristol. The protest is over the increasing fuel crisis as inflation and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine is pushing up oil prices and therefore fuel prices. READ MORE: Queen’s accession portraits set for first ever display Police in Avon and Somerset have said that its protest liaison team have interacted with the organisers of the demonstration to try to reduce the disruption this weekend. Superintendent Tony Blatchford issued a warning to motorists that journey times are likely to be much longer than usual especially on roads which tend to be busier this time of year anyway. He said: “We advise motorists to consider any alternative travel plans available and ensure they are suitably prepared in case they are delayed.” DON'T MISS: ‘Fun uncle’ Prince Harry’s bond with nephew George ‘suffered’  (REVEAL)Prince Harry 'changed his phone number without telling Royal Family' (INSIGHT)UK sends nuclear warning to China (ANALYSIS) It has been planned that a convoy of vehicles will travel north on the M5 between Bridgwater and the Almondsbury Interchange from around 9am and then travel east along the M4 to Junction 1 of the M32. The convoy will then retrace the route following a break “for a period of time”. It has also been reported that a second protest group will block the Shell garage petrol station on Bristol Road, Bridgwater on Friday morning. There are also long delays at the Port of Dover as passengers have waited three hours to go through border control at the port.