Figures released by Experian Catalist on Friday, July 22, show that the average pump prices in the UK have fallen from the record highs recorded earlier this month. Petrol prices fell to 187.54p a litre while diesel is down to 196.12p a litre. Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, said last month: “The rising cost of fuel is yet another added expenditure in this difficult cost of living crisis, and our research demonstrates that many have been forced to rethink their driving habits in an effort to keep their fuel costs to a minimum. READ MORE: Drivers told to make three simple changes to slash fuel consumption The AA found in a recent survey that 77 percent of drivers had taken steps to be able to afford to keep driving. Just over a quarter of those surveyed said they had started combining trips to help save money. The AA’s fuel price spokesman Luke Bosdet said: “If large numbers of people have become comfortable with leaving their cars on the driveways and walking around to local shops, and doing short journeys like that, then that is a big and hopefully enduring silver lining from what's been going on with fuel prices. “Drivers are getting bombarded with this sort of advice, whether it's to help the environment by using less fuel, or whether it's a matter of financial survival. They've now had to put this into practice.” Just two percent of drivers said they had switched to walking and cycling to save money on fuel, while 11 percent used public transport instead. Mr Bosdet added that for certain journeys, people have “no option but to stick with the car”. DON'T MISS: Petrol prices: Is E10 more expensive than other fuel types? [INSIGHT]Little-known petrol station hack will help drivers avoid high costs [ADVICE]Supermarkets accused by UK motoring groups of exploiting fuel prices [REPORT] The British Motorcyclists Federation (BMF) reported earlier this month that a survey by Opinium showed in rural areas, 35 percent of people are driving less and in urban areas it is nearer 25 percent. The BMF said: “Drivers were walking instead, taking public transport or cancelling trips altogether, with some working from home to cut out commuting costs.” Furthermore, the BMF reports that a survey by Aviva Insurance found that 44 percent of drivers were using their cars for only essential trips, and 39 percent of people were walking instead of driving “on some trips”. So how about YOU? Are you changing the way you drive to save on petrol costs? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.