Sonny Horgan, from Orchard Way in Dibden Purlieu, Hampshire, stood trial at Southampton Crown Court today, July 26. He pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle dangerously, assault by beating of an emergency worker, failing to co-operate with a preliminary breath test, failing to provide specimen for analysis and possession of a Class B drug. Police stopped the 21-year-old's vehicle at 4.52am on April 18 last year having witnessed him acting suspiciously earlier that morning. Upon stopping the vehicle, the police noticed a strong smell of cannabis coming from within the vehicle. Officers wanted to ascertain why the driver and passenger were in the area at the time. The officer requested for Horgan to remove the keys from the ignition. Instead, Horgan ignored them and turned on the ignition and drove away - dragging an officer caught on the door alongside the vehicle for several metres. The officer suffered minor injuries to his arm as a result. The keys were removed from the ignition by the officer being dragged along the road, but as the vehicle came to a stop, Horgan exited the vehicle and assaulted another officer. After a short foot pursuit, Horgan was detained by officers further down the road. Sonny Horgan, was arrested and charged with driving a motor vehicle dangerously, assault by beating of an emergency worker, failing to co-operate with a preliminary breath test, failing to provide specimen for analysis and possession of a Class B drug.  Appearing at Southampton Crown Court today he admitted to these offences, pleading guilty and was sentenced to 12 months in prison. He was also disqualified from driving for three and a half years and required to complete an extended driving test. Police Staff Investigator Jordan Clayton, said: "We conducted a thorough investigation into this incident, resulting is us being able to provide a solid, evidenced-based case through the courts. "Justice has now been served and Sonny Horgan will remain in prison for a lengthy time for the crimes that he has committed. "Assaults on police will not be tolerated. Police officers and staff perform a difficult and often dangerous role, but we do not view assaults as simply being part of the job. "Officers and staff come into contact with people who are sometimes going through the worst experience of their lives, but this doesn’t give people the right to ever verbally or physically abuse them"