Not so much news as a statement of the obvious. Is there anyone who is in any way surprised by that finding? There must be, because for years too many forces have behaved as if the last thing officers should do is wander the streets or intervene in minor crimes, in defiance not just of common sense but of the evidence. Last weekend there were two stabbings in London pubs – one fatal. Knife crime is up 10 percent with 49,027 offences recorded in the year to March. It is an epidemic. And we need to deal with it as a matter of urgency. That means, at the most basic level, learning from one of the most well-known examples of tackling criminality on the streets – in New York when Bill Bratton first became Police Commissioner in 1994. Crime was so out control that the Big Apple was known as the Rotten Apple. The idea the NYPD could reduce crime was widely regarded as impossible. But within two years, and with no extra spending, New York had become the safest city in the US. Between 1994 and 1996, felonies fell by 39 percent, murders by 50 percent and theft by 35 percent. And public confidence in the police rose from 37 percent to 73 percent, with police job satisfaction at an all-time high. How? It sounds so basic – and it was. Bratton insisted on rigorous attention to crime statistics, targeting hotspots with police on the streets. And that, essentially, was that. Contrary to myth, he was not some RoboCop hardman. His maxim was “You can’t arrest your way out of trouble”. In other words, you need to tackle crime at its roots, before it happens. That meant combining cracking down on minor crimes – graffiti, littering and broken windows – with community outreach. The prerequisite for both, of course, was to have police on the streets. To succeed, however, Bratton needed political backing – a mayor who would stand by him when things did not go to plan, and not undermine him with public criticism. He had that in Rudy Giuliani.  It’s all so obvious, and that’s why it is so frustrating that these basic lessons are ignored. The Youth Endowment Fund’s latest research reaches the same conclusions. When Essex police carried out a pilot programme in Southend in the summer of 2020, 15-minute patrols led to a 74 percent reduction in violent crime. There was a similar outcome in Bedfordshire, where daily 15-minute patrols in the 30 “hotspot” areas that accounted for a third of the county’s serious violent crime, meant a 38 percent reduction in violence and robbery. It’s all well and good that scrutiny of the two contenders for the Conservative leadership has focused on their economic plans. But crime is a huge issue, and we need to know more about their approach. Rishi Sunak has said, “Our police forces must be fully focused on fighting actual crime in people’s neighbourhoods and not policing bad jokes on Twitter” and that “it will be my top priority in government to keep the British public safe”. But we need specifics. Because the truth is that the Conservative Party has had a lamentable record since 2010. The 2019 manifesto pledged to recruit “20,000 more police” which sounds great, but it didn’t point out that this would merely make up the number of officers cut since 2010 under Theresa May’s tenure of the Home Office. Ludicrously, Mrs May argued that, with police reform, officers could be lost “without affecting their ability to do the job the public want them to do”. It’s one thing pointing out that the police need to be more effectively deployed, it’s quite another dramatically cutting the number of officers available to be deployed. Encouragingly, the newly appointed Commissioner of the Met, Sir Mark Rowley, seems to grasp the importance of all this.  It’s been reported that in his interviews for the role he stressed putting more bobbies on the beat and more community policing – which would be based on more advanced data. This is all good. But as New York shows, he will need political backing. That’s why we need to have firm answers – and firm commitments – from Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. Within weeks, one of them will be PM and Sir Mark will have become Commissioner. It’s in all our interests that this will not be yet another missed opportunity. 