From the get-go, the audience is all aboard for an atmosphere of toe-tapping giddiness as infectious renditions of I Get A Kick Out Of You, You're The Top, It's De-Lovely and title song Anything Goes are belted out with gusto from a superlative ensemble. Establishing their sea legs among the assured old-timers are new lead cast members Kerry Ellis, Denis Lawson, Simon Callow and Bonnie Langford - and it's British multiaward-winner Ellis's show. Sutton Foster's successor is endearingly coquettish but magnetic as brassy nightclub singer Reno Sweeney, who must put aside her love for her best friend Billy Crocker Edwards, oozing so he can win over Harcourt (Nicole-Lily Baisden) before she marries (Samuel charm) Hope Bais an English aristocrat. Lawson's gangster Moonface Martin has nonchalant charisma. Langford is hilarious as Hope's moneyobsessed mother Evangeline Harcourt and Callow creaks amusingly as her elderly alcoholic admirer Elisha Whitney. Carly Mercedes Dyer is still in scene-stealing raunchy form as Moonface's wise-cracking moll Erma. And also returning from last year is Haydn Oakley and his adorable rendition of nicebut-dim Lord Evelyn Oakleigh. The convoluted plot has always served a non-stop series of rollicking dance routines and unforgettable songs but the action zips along nicely. It kicks off with Reno and Billy spilling their secrets in the ship bar. The tempo accelerates as soon the luxury cruise liner sets sail from New York to England, and it barely falters for the next two and half hours.  It's almost impossible to wipe the grin off your face at times, especially during the showstopper Blow, Gabriel, Blow. And the whole production is gorgeous to look at, from its slinky costumes and cute sailor outfits to its sumptuous art-deco backdrop. Anything Goes was first staged in 1934 as a tonic for Depression-weary folk in need of cheer and it's still doing the trick in 2022. The script may be peppered with modern jokes and references but its essence is unchanged. This is about experiencing unbridled joy and leaving your troubles at the door.And in that, it succeeds. It's a de-lovely night out. 