With mounting pressure on Mr Johnson to resign from the post of Prime Minister, Ms Sturgeon released a letter, sent to her on Wednesday, stating that the PM had “carefully considered” her call for a transfer of powers to hold a new separation vote on October 19 next year. However, the Prime Minister told Ms Sturgeon that he could “not agree that now is the time to return to a question which was clearly answered by the people of Scotland in 2014” when 55 percent of Scots backed staying in the UK.  The development came on the day dozens of his own ministers and aides called for him to quit. Last week the FM wrote to Mr Johnson saying she was ready for talks to negotiate the powers to hold the vote. Ms Sturgeon said she had received his reply and questioned whether it would be one of his final acts as PM. Both the Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Savid Javid resigned from their positions on Tuesday evening.   Mr Johnson told Ms Sturgeon: “I have carefully considered the arguments you set out for a transfer of power from the UK Parliament to the Scottish Parliament to hold another referendum on independence. “As our country faces unprecedented challenges at home and abroad, I cannot agree that now is the time to return to a question, which was clearly answered by the people of Scotland in 2014.” Ms Sturgeon insisted that despite Mr Johnson’s refusal, Scotland “will have the opportunity to choose independence – I hope in a referendum on 19 October 2023”. Before the Scottish Parliament went into summer recess last week, Ms Sturgeon addressed MSPs proposing October 19 2023 as the date for another referendum on independence. READ MORE: Rayner shares picture of empty benches but this is how it really looks  She said the question would be the same as in the last referendum in 2014: “Should Scotland be an independent country?” However, in order to hold a legal referendum Scotland requires special powers to be granted by Westminster. Mr Johnson's letter, dated July 6, makes clear that that will not happen under his leadership. Ms Sturgeon tweeted her response, saying: “Just received this from Johnson (one of his last acts as PM?). DON'T MISS:Queen’s glamorous cousin Lady Helen Taylor wows royal fans Matt Hancock dismisses claims of leadership bidBoris Johnson on the brink of snap election “To be clear, Scotland will have the opportunity to choose independence - I hope in a referendum on October 19 2023 but, if not, through a general election. “Scottish democracy will not be a prisoner of this or any PM.” In his letter, Mr Johnson highlighted the cooperation between both governments on measures to ease the cost of living, close collaboration to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic, and ongoing support for the UK's response to the war in Ukraine. He concluded: “On all fronts, we stand to achieve so much more for the people we serve by continuing to work together as partners. “Thank you, once again, for writing to me.” 