A more timid Prime Minister might wonder if the curtain is about to fall on his or her premiership. Mr Johnson has no intention of quitting the stage; crucially, a strong cadre of Cabinet ministers have let it be known they are sticking with him. Mr Johnson had deep differences with both Mr Sunak and past history with Javid, who had previously quit as Chancellor in 2020. The departure of the Chancellor will not be mourned by Tories who hunger for a more stridently Conservative approach to the economic challenges facing the country. Throughout his life, Mr Johnson has repeatedly defied the odds and he may well do so once again. He twice persuaded Londoners to elect him as Mayor; he gave the country the courage it needed to vote for Brexit; and he convinced voters in traditional Labour seats to deliver a historic landslide in 2019. Repeatedly, he has shown a willingness to take high risk decisions that have paid off handsomely; he delivered Brexit despite fierce establishment opposition and he put anxious voices to one side at the tail-end of the pandemic and brought the era of lockdowns to an end. He is now fighting for his political life. His survival may hinge on whether he can convince his colleagues that he will deliver policies they can sell with pride on the doorstep. Many senior Conservatives in Parliament and the wider movement are desperate for him to cut taxes in a bid to ignite growth, avoid a recession, and put more money in the pockets of people battling the cost of living crisis. There is puzzlement and disappointment in some quarters that the Government’s mighty majority has not been used to push forward more true blue policies, and Mr Sunak’s Treasury was often a target of blame. This political drama could be the catalyst for a new era in the Johnson premiership in which he seeks to transform the country with even greater ambition. Those who still respect his genius for campaigning but are dismayed by mistakes and gaffes will now watch the PM intently for evidence he can unite the party and rapidly change Britain for the better. Mr Johnson will deploy his legendary gifts of persuasion to renew MPs’ faith. Rather than choreograph a graceful retreat, this Prime Minister plans to put his foot to the floor and accelerate ahead. His will to win is his greatest weapon, and he will relish the challenge of defying those who think him finished.