Brexit will be a key issue in the Tory leadership race as candidates seek to convince their party they can make a success of the UK's opportunities outside the EU. The Northern Ireland protocol remains a big sticking point between Brussels and London. The next Prime Minister's in-tray will no doubt include finding a solution to prevent the row between the UK and the EU from escalating further. Conservative MP, Damian Green, tells Express.co.uk that the next Prime Minister must be "tough and intelligent" in talks with the bloc. He has backed Tom Tugendhat, who vowed to "make a success of Brexit" when he launched his leadership bid. Mr Green said: "I think the approach should be tough and intelligent, we should be seeking out the best solution. "Nobody wants to reverse Brexit, certainly Tom has made it clear that we need to make a success of it to make Brexit work. "That will involve sorting out issues like Northern Ireland, it will involve making sure goods can flow freely across the Channel. "It's about being tough and intelligent, not just shouting abuse for the sake of it. We need to make a cold analysis of what's in Britain's interest and do that. That's the way Tom would approach it." The Northern Ireland Protocol keeps Northern Ireland in the EU's single market for goods, preventing a hard border with the Republic of Ireland. But this has also led to complications. It is opposed by Northern Ireland's unionist parties, who say it undermines their place in the UK. Businesses in Northern Ireland have also faced disruption as goods moving from Great Britain into the country must face extra checks. Because the Government signed up to the protocol before demanding it be ditched, the EU has been left furious. The European Commission has launched legal action over Britain's alleged failure to implement parts of the treaty. What do the various candidates think of the Northern Ireland protocol? READ MORE: Liz Truss savaged over controversial Brexit record Suella Braverman has called for big changes – she pledged that under her leadership, the EU would have no more say over taxes in Northern Ireland and she would stop "the direct flow of dynamic EU law" into Northern Ireland. Jeremy Hunt has said it must be "changed" and even hinted he could invoke Article 16, a clause that can be used to suspend parts of the protocol. Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt has previously said that the protocol is creating "unique disadvantages" for Northern Ireland, disrupting trade and posing difficulties for firms due to "increased bureaucracy and costs". Rishi Sunak made similar remarks in May, saying the arrangement is threatening "stability" in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: EU ready for war! Von der Leyen creates 'ammunition' [INSIGHT]Newsnight: Penny to play ‘hardball’ with EU over hated Brexit deal [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Hunt’s bizarre blunder calling his Chinese wife 'Japanese' [INSIGHT] Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has had a number of run-ins with Brussels over the protocol. She has said the protocol was undermining the Good Friday Agreement, the pair of treaties designed to preserve peace on the island of Ireland. Mr Tugendhat has also vowed to press on with Mr Johnson's plan to ditch Brexit checks, as has Nadhim Zahawi. It appears that Ms Mordaunt is in an increasingly strong position as the leadership race continues. According to a new YouGov poll, she is the clear favourite for leader. Twenty-seven per cent of 879 members said they want the trade minister to lead their party. This is almost twice as much as Kemi Badenoch, who came in second place with 15 percent.