Prince Harry was branded "f***ing nuts" for dating Meghan Markle by his Eton pals, a new book has claimed. Tom Bower, journalist and author of 'Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors' claimed Meghan was a "dampener on the party" when meeting Harry's friends. But Australian morning show host David Campbell has come to the defence of the Duchess. Speaking on the Today Show Extra, Mr Campbell said: "Forgive for jumping on the Meghan positivity train here but if you took me on my second date to a shooting party where everyone was just sexist and bratty. "I don't think they look good." Royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri added: "I can't blame Meghan here especially when she is an animal lover. "I think anything like that would have been really hard to bear. READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims "She never wanted to take part in the Royal Family's Boxing Day shoot after Christmas because of animals. "I agree with that. You don't want to put your own beliefs aside." Meghan had joined 16 of Harry's friends for a dinner on Friday followed by shooting on Saturday. Mr Bower claimed in his book: "Like other shooting weekends, Harry was looking forward to endless banter, jokes — and a lot of drinking. He had not anticipated Meghan's reaction. Their jokes, involving sexism, feminism, and transgender people, ricocheted around the living rooms and dining rooms. "Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. "'She lacked any sense of humour. Driving home after Sunday lunch, the texts pinged between the cars: 'OMG, what about HER?' said one. 'Harry must be f***ing nuts'." DON'T MISS Kate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry's book sparks two major threats for royals, author claims [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [VIDEO] Meghan, who shares two dogs with Harry, served as a patron of an animal welfare charity Mayhew for three years. She moved on from the role earlier this year after stepping down from royal duties in March 2020. In a statement, Meghan said: "Though my time as patron of Mayhew has come to a close, my unwavering support has not." "I encourage each of you to support in whatever way you are able."