Lewis Hamilton has taken aim at Nelson Piquet, saying Formula 1 should ignore "older voices" and reject racism. It comes after it emerged on Monday that the Brazilian had used a racial slur against Hamilton last year. He described Hamilton with an epithet that can be translated as the N-word. Piquet apologised, saying his comments were "ill thought out" but maintained the term he used is "used colloquially in Brazilian Portuguese as a synonym for ‘guy’ or ‘person’ and was never intended to offend." But his apology has been criticised by Lord Peter Hain, a Labour Peer and vice-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Formula 1. He told Express.co.uk that Piquet was "making excuses" for his "blatantly racist" remarks. Lord Hain said: "I was appalled by the comment. It was blatantly racist. It's no good making excuses about 'colloquial terms' and all that. "People who make racist remarks should just apologise fully and retract it, and not attempt to explain it away. "The fact he has apologised is good, the fact he is trying to qualify that apology is unacceptable. "Lewis has become the best driver in F1 history despite racist attacks, despite all sorts of impediments put in his way. "He should be cheered on by everybody, not subjected to racist remarks." Hamilton responded to Piquet's apology, saying: "I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.” Lord Hain praised Hamilton for his "dignified" statement and also commended Formula 1 as a sport for its response to the controversy. He added: "I thought Hamilton's response was spot on actually, it was absolutely right to issue the statement he did. It was dignified but absolutely clear. "I was also pleased that the FIA and the teams backed Hamilton 100 percent. "Piquet was a very prominent driver and three times champion There comes a responsibility with a position like that." Hamilton's rival from last season, Red Bull's Max Verstappen, gave his view on the fallout, condemning Piquet's comments but maintaining that the three time world champion is "not racist". Verstappen is in a relationship with Piquet's daughter, Kelly. READ MORE: Max Verstappen makes bold ‘not a racist’ defence of Nelson Piquet The Dutchman told reporters this week: “The wording that was used was not correct. "Let it be a lesson for the future not to use that word. “I’ve spent a lot of time with Nelson. More than the average person in general and he’s definitely not a racist.” Yesterday, multiple reports suggested that Piquet will be banned from the Formula 1 paddock for life due to his comments. Formula 1 bosses have spoken out in support of Hamilton insisting that racist language "has no part in society". They said in a statement: "Discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society. "Lewis is an incredible ambassador for our sport and deserves respect. "His tireless efforts to increase diversity and inclusion are a lesson to many and something we are committed to at F1." Hamilton has a big weekend ahead of him as he aims for a good run at the British Grand Prix. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton looks downcast in bold outfit at British Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen opens up on Lewis Hamilton relationship [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris takes jab at Mercedes' George Russell before British GP [INSIGHT] Silverstone is a track that has been kind to the seven time world champion – if Hamilton manages to claim a podium this weekend, he will claim a new Formula 1 record. He will become the record holder for most podiums at Silverstone. Sky Sports commentator, David Croft, has predicted that Hamilton will achieve the feat. He said this week: “Silverstone should be a lot smoother track, and should reward the characteristics of the car. If the upgrades they’ve brought are working well, then they should be set for a strong weekend. “Whether that means they’ll be in contention for the win, we have to wait and see. But, I’ll make a bold prediction and say Lewis Hamilton is going to break a record. “Not necessarily the record for most wins at a single circuit – although that’s not to say he can’t – but I expect to see him on the podium, and therefore breaking the record for most podiums at a single event.”