The President spoke in Massachusetts on Wednesday amid the scorching temperatures in Europe and North America. This week millions of Americans have been issued a weather warning about extreme heat which has spurred the President’s speech. Mr Biden said on Twitter: “My message today is loud and clear: Since Congress is not acting on the climate emergency, I will.” In Massachusetts the President said: “Climate change is literally an existential threat to our nation and to the world.” “The health of our citizens and our communities is…at stake. So, we have to act.” Biden’s new climate change plan involves further investment on infrastructure that has the ability to deal with the extreme weather being faced. New funding will be put towards flooding control, air conditioning in public spaces and homes and retrofitting buildings. The President has also planned to build more wind farms on the coast and has urged American citizens to support his plan by advertising how it will bring an increase in jobs to the nation. On Twitter Mr Biden wrote: “Folks – when I think about climate change, I think jobs. READ MORE: Top 20 questions electric vehicle drivers get asked “Jobs building wind turbines up the coast. Jobs manufacturing the monopiles that anchor offshore wind farms to the sea floor. “Good-paying, union jobs that are here to stay.” He also said: “My message today is loud and clear: Since Congress is not acting on the climate emergency, I will. “And in the coming weeks my Administration will begin to announce executive actions to combat this emergency.” DON'T MISS: What kind of royal will Prince Louis be according to astrology? (REVEAL)Harry created his potential without ‘penny from British taxpayers (INSIGHT)Brexit LIVE: Truss bill passes Commons, UK nears 'taking back control' (LIVE) On Wednesday, he added: “Our children and grandchildren are with us. “If we don’t [climate change] below 1.5C, we lose it all. We don’t get to turn it around.” However, the President stopped short of officially declaring it a climate emergency which would give him more powers.