With Quordle tasking players with figuring out four words in just nine guesses, odds are there will always be at least one obscure word that's practically impossible to solve. Fortunately this is where Express Online comes in. We've put together a selection of spoiler-free hints for each word featured in the July 14 puzzle. Just head to the bottom of the page for the latest clues for Quordle 171. The perfect game for Wordle fans looking for an extra challenge, the aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words using the process of elimination. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. When a tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the correct position. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing, while a yellow tile means the letter appears in the word, just not in that exact spot. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter L. 2. The first word contains one vowel. 3. I like a ploughman's for mine. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter h. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. Red Rum. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter S. 2. The third word contains one vowel. 3. Models generally have lots of this. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter C. 2. The fourth word contains one vowel. 3. In a hesitant and indirect manner.