Carol Vorderman has told how she was saved by the ITV wardrobe department during her stint hosting Lorraine this week. The Countdown legend, 61, was rushed in to replace Lorraine Kelly after she caught Covid and has been recovering at home. In view of her 484,00 followers, Carol gushed over the wardrobe department of the ITV show. She penned: "Thank goodness for Bronagh on @lorraine for sorting out the clothes.....otherwise I'd be turning up in my leggings AGAIN. "See you tomorrow at 9 for some more shenanigans xx." At the start of this week, Carol took to Instagram to reveal she is stepping in for the Scottish-native after she contracted Covid. READ MORE: 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Carol wrote: "Standing in for Lorriane for some days this week as she's gone down with Covid. "Wishing her the speediest recovery ever." The Welsh presenter stunned in a cut-out, lemon yellow top which she'd paired with a khaki midi skirt that hugged her curvy figure. Yesterday, Carol donned a pair of tight-fitting leopard-print trousers and a short-sleeved white shirt that showcased a hint of cleavage. This morning, the star posted a no make-up selfie to her social media, assuring her fans she'll be ready for today's show. Carol penned: "Morning 5.30am, I'm ready for this amazing day. Join me on @lorriane at 9, don't worry make up will have been applied by then! "Don't want to frighten the children!" alongside laughing face emojis. Lorraine aso took to her social media platform to announce her absence from her show. DON'T MISS... Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Naughty Boy's 'changing' relationship with mum amid dementia diagnosis [ANALYSIS]Vicky Pattison talks Victoria Beckham's 'thin is old-fashioned' remark [UPDATE] Posting a snap of her two dogs, Lorraine told her 484,000 followers that she's being cared for by her family. The star wrote: "The dreaded Covid has finally caught up with me. "I am so thankful to the scientists who developed the vaccine! "Being looked after by @rosiekellysmith @rubyisasausage and @steveandangussmith. "Thanks to @carolvorders for hosting @lorraine until I’m back! #covid_19" she ended the post. Following her post, the star was soon inundated with sympathetic messages from fans. Instagram user j27oanne wrote: "Get well soon xx." Missladypug commented: "Ahh nooo.... hope your feeling better soon. Cuddles with the fur babies," alongside a red heart. Thompsonrosaleen added: "Awww look after yourself and hopefully it will be a mild dose."