The younger sibling of the Duchess of Cambridge already has two children with her husband, James Matthews, who she married in 2017. The couple has welcomed Archie, three, and one-year-old Grace. Speculation has surrounded a possible pregnancy after Pippa, 38, appeared to have a baby bump during last month’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. A source close to the socialite has claimed that the couple, who occasionally attend royal events alongside Pippa’s elder sister, are “thrilled” to be preparing for a third arrival. A friend told the Daily Mail: “Pippa and her family are thrilled.” They added: “It’s a very exciting time in their lives.” A source close to the couple added that they are “looking forward to living closer to her [Pippa’s] parents”. This comes after reports claimed they purchased a £15 million home in Berkshire, close to Michael and Carole Middleton’s residence in Bucklebury. Pippa and James, an investment banker, currently live in a £17 million Chelsea home, according to HELLO! magazine. This comes as Kate and William gear up to relocate to greener pastures, leaving behind their home at Kensington Palace. READ MORE: Harry 'now regrets' huge Meghan Markle gamble as fears for Prince A royal source claimed the family were moving out of the city to Windsor, to be closer to both the Queen and Kate’s mother, Carole. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis’s maternal grandmother is “always on hand to look after the kids when the Cambridges need to travel back and forth from London”, the source told Us Weekly. They added that the additional space for activities would benefit eight-year-old George, Charlotte, 7, and the youngest child, Prince Louis. They said: “Charlotte can go horse riding in the open air and George can play football on extensive grounds.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Prince William make new hire [LIVE] Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William in popularity [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be kicked out of Windsor Castle? [VOTE] They continued: “Louis loves being close to his great-grandma, and he’s going to take tennis lessons this summer. “They’re starting over there, and George, Charlotte and Louis are really excited about going to a new school and being in the countryside in the fresh air where there’s lots of space for them to play freely.” Another royal insider suggested the move was to allow Prince William to pop in on his grandmother as he takes on further royal duties from the monarch. The insider told the Mail: "It's one of the things that has hastened their move to Berkshire this summer. “Losing the Duke of Edinburgh has a left a big hole in all their lives. “He was a great counsel to William and he feels very protective of his grandmother." “Her poses with her husband never edge away from a look of old-fashioned royalty.”