Despite the Government’s pledge to end the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030, new research has shown that local investment and awareness of the electric vehicle transition is lacking. Almost half of local authorities surveyed have yet to set a date for completing the transition of their fleets to electric vehicles. Just under three-quarters are still operating fleets comprising of more than 90 percent petrol and diesel-powered internal combustion engine vehicles. The average electrification rate reported amongst all local authorities is only 4.2 percent. According to the data, from Geotab, out of 113 local authorities in England, 98 responded in time and were selected for the report’s publication. The shift to zero emission vehicles is at the heart of the UK’s net zero strategy. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows With fleet vehicles comprising over half of new vehicles on the road, fleets within the public sector attract attention and scrutiny owing to their position in setting overall best practice for zero emission strategies. When asked for a reason for not setting appropriate target dates, respondents cited that the key barriers include the high cost and limited availability for specific types of EVs, such as HGVs and buses. Alongside this, local authorities said they had limited resources to dedicate to support such a transition. However, Geotab has previously demonstrated that nearly 40 percent of UK fleet vehicles could go electric today and still save money, according to its Electric Vehicle Suitability Assessment (EVSA). DON'T MISSLittle-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres [WARNING]Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware [URGENT] Respondents also noted concerns around charging, with the majority reporting fewer than 50 charge points in place across public, home, and depot locations. David Savage, Vice President UK and Ireland at Geotab, said: “The findings of this report demonstrate a worrying lack of investment by local authorities across England ahead of the switch to electric at the end of this decade. “[Around] 27 percent of the UK’s emissions are attributed to transport, and fleets account for over 50 percent of new vehicles on the road. “Public sector fleet operators are in a position to lead this strategic shift by example - but they need the necessary investment, funding, and tools to support the transition to 100 percent electric.” Despite the issues and challenges raised in the report, its findings have concluded that the transition has clearly begun, with 80 percent of local authorities reporting at least one EV in their fleets. Despite the low electrification rate across all surveyed local authorities, Leeds City Council, Kingston, West Sussex County Council, and Winchester City Council all reported 20 percent or higher electrification amongst their fleets. Nottingham City Council is leading the way with 34.9 percent of its fleet currently electrified and aiming to become completely zero-emission by 2028. It is the first local council to operate an electric HGV and bus, with a total of 20 expected to be operational in the coming years. One-fifth of local authorities who responded have yet to add a single EV to their fleet, while only four had fleets with over 20 percent EVs. Just over half of local authorities have less than 50 chargepoints, including public, home and depot chargers. The report, titled “Destination EV - Accelerating Local Authority EV Transition” looks at how the switch to electric is going and whether councils are leading the charge. The report concludes that there is a need for better guidance and facilitation of best practice sharing amongst local authorities and government, together with a concrete target in place to focus transition progress. Similarly, charging infrastructure remains a significant barrier including availability and compatibility with differing electric vehicle charging standards. Overall, the challenges cited by local authorities present a clear opportunity to improve data access and understanding of current fleet usage to better inform a fuller EV transition.