Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has claimed that he knew Mohamed Salah was going to sign a new contract, after calling out Salah’s agent for his cryptic tweet regarding the Egyptian. Salah’s agent Ramy Abbas Issa tweeted a laughing emoji an hour prior to Liverpool announcing that Salah has signed a new long-term contract at the club. After Issa’s first tweet, which tricked Liverpool fans into there were further problems renewing their star’s contract, Carragher wrote back slamming the agent. “All Reds love your client,” Carragher tweeted. “And if he is to leave next summer we will wish him well & say a big thank you. But we can do without this cryptic crap for the next 12 months! @MoSalah have a word!!” Liverpool’s official Twitter account also replied to the agent with an emoji that had its hand on its face, referencing the number of times Salah's agent has posted cryptic emojis online, but then shocked social media by announcing that Salah had committed his long-term future to the club having had just one year left on his contract. At this point, Carragher returned to Twitter to backtrack on his initial rage at Salah’s agent. He wrote: “We fooled them all chief @MoSalah @RamyCol”. Salah’s agent also responded back at Carragher with a laughing emoji. JUST IN: Barcelona's latest take on 'Ousmane Dembele case' after free agency Salah has been at the centre of a long-standing contract dispute with Liverpool, but surprisingly put pen to paper on a new contract that keeps him at Anfield until 2025. "I feel great and [I am] excited to win trophies with the club," said the 30-year-old. "It’s a happy day for everyone. "It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going [upwards]. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season we lost two trophies.  "I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again. "My message [to the fans] is the players in the team want to give our best next season to try to win all the trophies. As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again [together]. “As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again [together].”