The UK’s media regulator Ofcom is calling on companies to assist their customers during the cost of living crisis. Households are dealing with broadband bills which are being artificially inflated due to the rise in the inflation, which has reached a 40-year high. Those on Universal Credit are able to apply for discounts known as social tariffs on their broadband bill, however many are unaware they can get this support. Social tariffs are concessions created to assist people who are claiming benefit payments, such as Universal Credit. Recently, the Government invited broadband suppliers to a summit in a bid to convince them to offer more discounts to their customers. Currently, social tariffs for those on Universal Credit are available for broadband consumers across the UK and claimants can contact their supplier to see if they qualify. It should be noted that social tariffs are different depending on the supplier and the eligibility criteria could be different depending on the company. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly On top of this, customers are being faced with extortionate exit fees for leaving their contracts early, which sometimes come to around £450. Earlier this week, Lyndsey Fussell, Ofcom’s network and communications group director, shared why it was “essential” for consumers to gain access to cheaper broadband services. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Fussell explained: “It's essential that broadband and mobile services are affordable. “Particularly for those who are really struggling with their finances at the moment, any bill can be a problem.  “And that's why we've been encouraging companies to make available what we call social tariffs. That's low-cost offers for people who are in particularly difficult financial circumstances. “And we certainly think that telecoms companies really have a moral imperative to make these kinds of offers available, and to make sure that people are aware of them so that people can take advantage of the best deal possible.” Previously speaking to Express.co.uk, Alex Fitzgerald, CEO of broadband firm Cuckoo, emphasised the importance of the industry going more to protect people from “unaffordable” bill hikes and exit fees. Mr Fitzgerald said: “At the moment there is very little regulation of broadband price increases. “It’s at the discretion of each provider to choose to implement these mid-contract hikes - and it’s also up to them to decide how much to raise them by. “Just last month six of the eight major providers - BT, EE, TalkTalk, Vodafone, Plusnet and John Lewis Broadband - raised their prices for most customers by between 8.2 percent and 9.3 percent, depending on when they initially signed up. “These hikes are going to hit Brits in their pocket at the worst possible time and because they’re being rolled out mid-contract, customers are powerless to leave for another provider unless they’re willing to fork out for the extortionate exit fees - which can run as high as £450. “It’s an unreasonable, unaffordable expense and put it bluntly: it’s a price prison.” As it stands, financial analysts are warning that the country’s inflation-price hikes will continue for the near future. Experts estimate that inflation will reach 10 percent by September and as high as 11 percent by the end of the year.