The RMT union said workers will strike on August 18 and 20. It comes after after thousands of staff walked out in a national strike in June.   The union had announced a strike for July 27, the day before the Commonwealth Games opens in Birmingham. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: "The rail industry and the Government need to understand that this dispute will not simply vanish. "They need to get serious about providing an offer on pay which helps deal with the cost-of-living crisis, job security for our members and provides good conditions at work. "Recent proposals from Network Rail fell well short on pay and on safety around maintenance work."   Mr Lynch added: "And the train operating companies have not even made us a pay offer in recent negotiations. "Now Grant Shapps [Transport Secretary] has abandoned his forlorn hopes for the job of Prime Minister, he can now get back to his day job and help sort this mess out. "We remain open for talks, but we will continue our campaign until we reach a negotiated settlement." Andrew Haines, Chief Executive of Network Rail, said: "By announcing even more strike dates, the RMT has dropped any pretence that this is about reaching a deal.  READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN SUSPECT BEING EXAMINED   "It's clear the best interests of passengers and our staff are taking second place to the union's bosses' political campaign." News of the RMT strikes comes on the day it was announced members of Aslef at Arriva Rail London, Chiltern Railways, Greater Anglia, Great Western, Hull Trains, LNER, Southeastern and West Midlands Trains will walk out on July 30. Drivers on Greater Anglia will also strike on July 23 with those on Hull Trains striking on July 16 and 23. The action is in addition to a planned strike by the RMT at train companies and Network Rail on July 27 and by TSSA members on Avanti West Coast on the same day.  DON'T MISS: Passengers force pervert off train after sex attack on Ed Sheeran fans [REVEALED] Elizabeth line facing disaster as massive '£275M bailout likely neeed' [REPORT] Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water [LATEST]  Aslef general secretary Mick Whelan said: "We don't want to go on strike - strikes are the result of a failure of negotiation - and this union, since I was elected general secretary in 2011, has only ever been on strike, until this year, for a handful of days. "We don't want to inconvenience passengers, not least because our friends and families use public transport too, and we believe in building trust in the railways in Britain, and we don't want to lose money by going on strike. "But we've been forced into this position by the train companies, driven by the Tory Government. The drivers at the companies where we are striking have had a real-terms pay cut over the last three years, since April 2019. "These companies are offering us nothing, saying their hands have been tied by the Government. That means, in real terms, with inflation running ahead at nine percent, 10 percent and even 11 percent this year, according to which index you use, that they are being told to take a real-terms pay cut, and that is not acceptable.   "Strike action is now the only option available but we are always open to talks if the train companies, or the Government, want to talk to us and make a fair and sensible offer." Aslef also announced further ballots will close at Avanti West Coast and CrossCountry on Wednesday July 27 and at Northern Trains, TransPennine Express and Transport for Wales on August 25. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said before news of the RMT strike action: "It's incredibly disappointing that, just three days after their ballots closed, Aslef bosses have already opted for destructive strike action, instead of engaging in constructive talks. "Not only that but, by seemingly co-ordinating strike dates around the Commonwealth Games, it's clear union bosses are determined to cause as much misery as possible and derail an event the whole country is looking forward to."    "Train drivers, such as those Aslef represent, earn, on average, just under £60,000 - more than twice the UK average and significantly more than the very workers who will be most impacted by these strikes despite stumping up £600 per household to keep the railway running throughout the pandemic. "Our railway is in desperate need of modernisation to make it work better for passengers and be financially sustainable for the long term. "I urge union bosses to reconsider this divisive action and instead work worth their employers, not against them, to agree a new way forward." A Transport for Wales spokesperson said: "We're committed to continuing our discussions with our trade union partners in line with our social partnership approach."  