Chief Treasury Secretary Simon Clarke was Mr Sunak’s handpicked deputy for almost two years when he was Chancellor and a neighbouring MP in the north of England. But after a fierce leadership debate on the BBC where Mr Sunak tried to rubbish Ms Truss’ plans for tax cuts, Mr Clarke has said he backs the Foreign Secretary not his old boss on their plans for the economy. In a media round this morning, Mr Clarke, who was an early backer of Ms Truss’s claimed that the man he helped mastermind the National Insurance rise to help pay for the covid backlog was wrong about that and other tax rises. He told Times Radio Breakfast this morning that "there really is no evidence at all that the tax cuts she is proposing...would be inflationary". He also said there was frustration in Ms Truss's team about Rishi Sunak's interruptions during the debate with 22 in the first 12 minutes. And that Rishi Sunak's economic analysis was off. He also dismissed claims that her plans would see a rise in interest rates to 7 percent claimed by the Chancellor in the debate based on remarks made by economist Professor Patrick Minford who is backing Ms Truss. Mr Clarke said: "Most economists would agree that there is absolutely no way in which the 7 percent figure that Rishi was throwing around last night is a credible estimate as to where interest rates would go." Professor Minford claimed in an article for Express.co.uk that he was misquoted in a Times article over the 7 percent and in truth interest rates in his view would increase to at most about 3 percent. Mr Clarke also agreed with Ms Truss’s argument that tax cuts would drive growth. The Foreign secretary was one of the few ministers to oppose tax irises including the national Insurance increase and plans to hike corporation tax on all businesses. "We've got to break with the orthodoxies which have frankly held back growth for too long, and we've got to get back to the principles which drove the Thatcher government which is that a lower tax economy is a good in its own right. And that is what Liz is pressing for." He was asked about the comments from a member of Ms Truss's campaign team  that "Rishi Sunak has tonight proven he is not fit for office. His aggressive mansplaining and shouty private school behaviour is desperate, unbecoming and is a gift to Labour". READ MORE: ‘Rishi is a w*****!' Furious Tory MPs erupt over Sunak's 'bullying' Mr Clarke responded: "It's fair to say that there was genuine frustration at the tone Rishi struck in the opening 20 minutes or so of the debate and the way he kept interrupting Liz when she was trying to set out her side of the story." "I do not doubt that the spokesperson emphasized the deep frustration that many people will have felt at the opening stages of the debate. But Liz herself was clear [about her admiration for Rishi Sunak]. And she ultimately obviously heads her own campaign." The intervention follows a second bitter contest between the two leadership rivals following a similarly bad tempered spat in the ITV debate. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Do you think Rishi Sunak would be good PM? [REACT] Boris petition tops 12,000 as Tory members rapidly turn on MPs [REVEAL] Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are DESTROYING the Conservative Party [INSIGHT] While both candidates insisted at the end that they would want the other in their cabinet, it was clear that strong differences exist on tax policy as well as how to handle China. Another debate on Talk TV is due to take place tonight with Tory MPs fearing a repeat of last night’s bloodbath on the BBC. Tory MPs messaged Express.co.uk during the debate to complain about Mr Sunak’s “bullying tactics”. Others have privately appealed to the two, who have already cancelled a Sky News debate, to stop engaging in “blue on blue attacks” and end the TV debates. GB News has offered to interview the two separately in front of a live audience late in August. 