Voting opens at midnight on July 4 and closes on October 2. There are some incredible prizes up for grabs for voters. Nicko Cruises are offering an amazing all-inclusive Rhine or Danube seven night cruise worth up to £5,000. Two people can take advantage of the prize which includes return flights, Wifi, drinks package, meals onboard and some excursions. Ionian & Aegean Island Holidays have an amazing seven night holiday for two on offer which includes flights and car hire. The prize is worth £5,000 and will allow the lucky winners to explore the Greek islands in a week of relaxation, luxury and sun. READ MORE: Airport chaos: All countries reporting major delays and queues P&O Ferries have two return crossings from Hull to Rotterdam up for grabs for up to four passengers. The company is also offering three return crossings for up to nine passengers from Dover to Calais. Two lucky winners will get a mini-cruise to either Rotterdam or Amsterdam for two people. Newmarket Holidays have an incredible six night safari at Kruger National Park on offer for winners. The special safari for two includes an all-inclusive six-night stay at a luxury tented camp and is worth £3,500. Riviera Travel has a charming one-week cruise for two people on an Adriatic yacht up for grabs. The lucky winner will explore the Jewels of the Dalmation Coast on a trip worth over £3,000. Blue Bay Travel are offering one lucky winner a seven night all inclusive trip to a 5* resort in Thailand. READ MORE: British expat life in Portugal as Princess Eugenie moves there The breathtaking escape is worth £1,000 and tourists will be able to relax in beachfront accommodation. Brittany Ferries has a return sailing from the UK to Spain on offer with a four berth cabin up for grabs, worth £1,000. Shearings has an incredible five day escorted coach tour of Bruges for two people up for grabs worth almost £900. Silver Travel Advisor is offering a £500 holiday voucher which can be used to book an incredible array of trips. Solmar Villas has a £2,000 voucher available for one lucky winner to use on an ‘exclusive villa’ stay. Travelzoo is offering a two night stay at The Cornwall Hotel & Spa worth over £300 with 20 percent off spa treatments. One winner will be treated to a five day coach holiday for two people by Alfa Travel at one of its UK Leisureplex Hotels. Silversea are offering a lucky voter a Fortnum & Mason hamper worth £250 with many delicious treats. APH Hotel has a handy parking package on offer with a night’s stay on-airport worth £300 available. Cornish Gems is offering a three night stay for four guests at Whipsy in an outstanding coastal apartment. There are even more incredible prizes up for grabs which will be shared on Express.co.uk. Full terms and conditions for prizes can be found on the British Travel Awards voting website. 