The pandemic accelerated the move to a digitally-centred world. But it has also created a divide as older and disabled people struggle to cope with the new technology and are often left behind. Many older people do not own or cannot afford a smartphone, while others have not had the opportunity to learn how to use apps, with classes no longer being run after lockdowns. The over-60s campaign group SilverVoices said the growing trend for apps represents clear age discrimination, as those who do not embrace the app culture risk being cut off from services. Its members have complained about banks, car parks, taxis, takeaway outlets, trains, online retail, leisure and entertainment bookings that require an app, and often do not publicise alternatives. Many of the elderly use mobile phones only for calls, while others do not trust apps. Some struggle to use a smartphone due to poor eyesight or lack of dexterity. Silver Voices director Dennis Reed said the NHS wanted its app to become the main patient gateway to hospital and GP appointments from March, but no alternatives for those without smartphones were included in announcements. He said: "We are not Luddites, but society needs to be very careful about going full pelt into the digital world, without the necessary safeguards. Not only are large sections of the community being left behind, but there are major security concerns from overreliance on digital transactions." "Businesses and public services are removing the human element in transactions to drive down costs, but the lack of human judgment in algorithms can lead to frustrations, complaints and higher costs in the end." Audrey Walsh, 84, from Portsmouth, said she wants energy companies and others to provide information by post. She said: "It's changing too fast and I just can't keep up with that." "They are just forcing it on to people and if you can't deal with it, it's your problem not theirs." Georgie Williams, 67, from Rosson-Wye, said older people should be given options. "It just seems that wherever you turn they want an app, it feels quite frustrating." NHS Digital insisted that patients can still access services by phone and in person. A Department for Culture, Media and Sport spokeswoman said: "We're committed to making sure everyone, regardless of age, can take advantage of new technology. To tackle digital skills gaps in these areas we have a number of initiatives, including providing free training for adults."