Workers who fill in a self-assessment tax return and typically owe tax over £1,000, of which hasn’t been collected through other means, must pay the second instalment of tax for the year by Sunday, July 31. Those who miss the deadline could face having to fork out extra on interest and penalties if fast action isn't taken. Some people opt to pay their tax in two instalments to help spread the costs instead of in one lump sum, and this option is referred to as ‘payments on account’. Generally, this option is available to those who are self-employed or receive additional income from assets like property. Most people who aren’t self-employed will already have their tax managed under PAYE and is deducted monthly, so this doesn’t apply to them. Each payment amounts to 50 percent of your previous year’s tax bill, and if you still have more tax to pay after this instalment, you’ll be expected to make a ‘balancing payment’ by midnight on January 31, 2023. READ MORE: GB News host savages Sunak as he dismantles tax plan   Tax payments must be made by midnight on Sunday, July 31, 2022. However, as living costs continue to spiral and inflation rates take yet another leap forward, paying six months’ worth of tax might be more challenging this year than others. But there are actions you can take to reduce the risk of being hit with more financial hardship. Kevin Sefton, CEO at untied said: “The payment on account deadlines are January 31 and July 31, which means the second cut-off date is fast approaching. “In theory tax payment on account helps the self-employed spread out their bill.  “However, it can lead to more financial hardship for those who have been hit by the cost of living crisis and haven’t put the money away already. “We always advise individuals who have to pay these two sums every year to set money aside regularly in order to pay their liabilities at the beginning and midpoint of every calendar year. “If you are having difficulties paying your tax bill, don’t ignore it - contact HMRC as soon as you can to see if they can set up a payment plan for you. “It also makes sense to submit tax return information early, as this provides time for planning and identifying potential tax savings.” If you miss the deadline for submitting and paying your tax bill, you’ll receive a late filing penalty of £100. DON'T MISS: Next Prime Minister LIVE: Truss and Sunak handed lifeline - new poll [REPORT]HMRC to tax savers again as rates hit 5% [INSIGHT]How to get a mortgage approved: 5 tips to ‘boost’ chances - expert [EXPLAINED]     This will be the figure you’ll pay if your tax return is up to three months late. You’ll have to pay even more if it’s later, or if your tax bill is late. You’ll also be charged interest on these late payments. Although, you can appeal against the penalty if you have a reasonable excuse, according to the Government website. There are several reasons you the HMRC would deem as reasonable to have failed to meet the deadline, and these include:  In the instance of any of the above, you’ll be expected to send your tax return or payment as soon as possible after the reasonable excuse is resolved. For more information on how to submit your payment, click here. 