The mere prospect of cancer is enough to make anyone shudder but there are reasons to be optimistic. Research over the years has pointed to the ways you can modify your risk of the potentially deadly disease. One of the most striking findings was published in the International Journal of Cancer back in 2019. The Iran-based study suggested very hot drinks may be associated with a 90 percent higher risk of getting cancer of the oesophagus. Oesophageal cancer is when abnormal cells in the food pipe (oesophagus) grow in an uncontrolled way. The oesophagus is also known as the gullet. It is the tube that carries food from your mouth to your stomach. The link between drinking hot drinks and the risk of oesophageal cancer is well-documented. For example, Cancer Research UK says: "Your risk of developing oesophageal cancer is increased if you drink tea, coffee or other drinks at hot temperatures." READ MORE: New US study warns against taking a popular vitamin supplement due to possible cancer risk  However, the extent to which drinking hot drinks can hike your risk of the cancer - as evidenced by this study - is striking. Drinking 700ml of tea at 60C (140F) or higher was "consistently associated" with the increased risk compared with people who had drinks at a lower temperature. The drinking habits of 50,045 people aged 40 to 75, living in north-eastern Iran, were monitored by scientists. Some 317 new cases of the cancer were found during a follow-up period from 2004 to 2017. DON'T MISSCliff Richard health: Star's 3 tips for 'healthy ageing' [TIPS]Sleep: The 'Navy SEAL' sleep hack to fall asleep in seconds [ADVICE]Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms of a growing tumour [INSIGHT] Lead author Doctor Farhad Islam, of the American Cancer Society, said it is "advisable to wait until hot beverages cool down before drinking. "As long you're letting your tea cool down a bit before you drink it, or adding cold milk, you're unlikely to be raising your cancer risk". The study echoes previous findings by the World Health Organisation, which in 2016 said drinks above 65C (149F) were a probable carcinogen. The WHO research looked at mate, a tea traditionally drunk very hot, mainly in South America, Asia and Africa. READ MORE: 'Watch out': The ingredient you eat more than you 'realise' that causes cancerous lesions It said it was the temperature that was important rather than the type of drink. Commenting on the research at the time of publication, Georgina Hill, from Cancer Research UK, said that "most people in the UK don't drink their tea at such high temperatures". She said: "As long you're letting your tea cool down a bit before you drink it, or adding cold milk, you're unlikely to be raising your cancer risk - and not smoking, keeping a healthy weight and cutting down on alcohol will do much more to stack the odds in your favour." Indeed, to really understand risk, it needs to be put into context. And that means factoring in how common the disease is overall. In the part of Iran where this study took place, oesophageal cancer rates are high, so something that raises this risk even a little bit will have a larger impact. "But here in the UK, oesophageal cancer is less common, accounting for three in 100 new cases of cancer," notes Cancer Research UK. The charity adds: "So even if very hot drinks might increase someone’s risk of oesophageal cancer, the chances of them developing the cancer are still low, because it isn’t very common in the UK." Other risk factors for oesophageal cancer include: