Queen Rania of Jordan chose a Gabriela Hearst midi skirt which retails for £995. Queen Rania looked amazing in the Wytte Linen-Denim Midi Skirt by the Uruguayan designer. The monarch combined the high waist A-line ankle-length skirt with a white blouse with puffed sleeves. Rania finished her outfit with a pair of Dior navy stilettos. The Queen of Jordan told Harper’s Bazaar Arabia back in 2019: “I hope it is my work that defines me, not my wardrobe.” READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house during heatwave using common herb  However, the truth is that Queen Rania is rarely seen in a plain or boring outfit but she is considered one of the best-dressed royals for her elegant and regal looks. The denim skirt description on the Gabriela Hearst site read: "At her school reunion, Gabriela Hearst's classmates remembered her fondly as the girl who was always sketching in the back - she recalls designing many of their Quinceañera dresses, though her collections today are decidedly more simple and casual. "Made from linen-denim, this 'Wytte' midi skirt is designed to sit at your waist and falls to a voluminous hem. "The contrasting white stitching flatteringly defines the panelled construction."  Royal fans took to social media to praise Queen Rania's look. Instagram user @florence.pit said: "The skirt is both stylish in its cut and casual chic with the combination of linen and denim. "The detail of the zip at the back is fun and the shoes are wow." Another one, @suzidatri, commented: "Effortlessly elegant." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Royal watcher @rmsgreeneyedlady explained: "Love the skirt and the entire look." @sabrina_hala_ added: "Magnifique!" Queen Rania explained during an interview a few years ago: "I am also very mindful that I have a duty to represent my country well. “So, rather than follow the latest trends, I aim to dress in a way that reflects who I am. “I find that I’m most comfortable in modest wear. "Partly because of my position. "But mostly because it feels right for me. "As a woman.”