Liz Truss joined the race to succeed Prime Minister Boris Johnson as Conservative Party leader on Sunday. The Foreign Secretary announced her candidacy in an article for the Daily Telegraph, pledging to cut tax from “day one”. The MP for South West Norfolk is the latest of the 11 candidates to throw their hat in the ring to lead the Conservative Party. Tory MPs began to consider their leadership bids last week as Mr Johnson faced a chaotic 48 hours in which more than 50 ministers and other officials quit the Government in an unprecedented mutiny, which ultimately led to the Prime Minister stepping down. “With Sunak, there have been issues about the handling of the economy and the taxation issues. “And then with Liz Truss, sort of making it so obvious that she wanted to be leader. “I think they've put themselves in a difficult position.” He added: “So I think in some ways, it's very open, who will be the next leader.” After being appointed Chancellor in February 2020, Mr Sunak grew in popularity during the pandemic. Formerly dubbed ‘Dishy Rishi’ on account of his slick personal branding, he won public support with his coronavirus business support programmes and with the initially-popular ‘Eat Out to Help Out’ scheme, which allowed diners money off their bill in restaurants. However, this year Mr Sunak’s reputation has been damaged amid the UK’s sluggish economic growth. The former Chancellor was also accused of not providing enough support to people struggling during the cost of living crisis, despite the Government promising a £400 payment to all UK households to help pay energy bills and other support for low-income households. On top of this, there were embarrassing revelations that he held a green card for a period, allowing him to reside permanently in the US, while his wife Akshata Murty claimed non-domicile status, meaning she was able to pay less tax. As well as pointing out the blots on Mr Sunak’s record, Professor Martin Smith claimed Ms Truss had obviously harboured leadership ambitions for some time. DON'T MISS: Russia ‘desperate for more men’ as suspicions of a national draft for Ukraine war increase [LATEST]Putin’s family’s horrific ordeal at the hands of Hitler: ‘Sorrow, trouble, tragedy’ [INSIGHT]Royal Marine veteran's remarkable tale of time spent guarding Falklands POWs [ANALYSIS] Having been spoken about as a future Prime Minister for a couple of years, the Foreign Secretary sidestepped questions about her political future in January, telling reporters in Sydney that “there is no leadership election”. In his analysis of the field of Tory hopefuls, Professor Smith also cast doubts over Jeremy Hunt’s chances and explained how the candidates will have to negotiate the Conservative Party’s electoral system. He said: “It's difficult to see that somebody like Jeremy Hunt will win, because he seems too pro-Remain. “The thing about the Conservative electoral system is that first you've got to get the support of the MPs. “And then the two candidates have to get the support of the membership and the membership is more to the right than the ordinary voter. “So, it is hard. That will again shape who is likely to be a candidate.”