Currys has slashed the prices of 4K TVs made by leading brands such as Samsung, LG and Sony - and if you use a secret TV10 voucher code you'll be able to get even more money off. In fact, the retailer says it will knock a further 10 percent off the price. One option is the Samsung QE50Q60AAUXXU - a 50inch 4K TV which comes with Bixby, Alexa and Google Assistant, as well as offering a 4K HDR QLED screen with a 60Hz refresh rate and one HDMI 2.1 port. This TV, which was available for £598 last year on the Currys website, has had its price slashed to £499 in the latest sale. But if you use the TV10 code it drops the price down even further to under £450. Other big savings you can take advantage of in the Currys sale includes a deal on the Samsung QE55S95BATXXU OLED TV. This 4K telly usually costs £2,399 but Currys have slashed the price by £600 to £1,799. You can use the TV10 voucher code with this deal also to get the Samsung OLED TV for £1,619. While the price may be more than you're willing to pay this Samsung screen comes with impressive specs, which will help future-proof your TV and give you plenty of years use. It boasts a silky smooth 120Hz refresh rate as well as four HDMI 2.1 ports. These features are ideal if you're a gamer that either has or wants to buy a PS5 or Xbox Series X. To get the most out of 4K gaming with these consoles you'll want a telly that supports 120Hz refresh rates and has HDMI 2.1 ports. Speaking about the new Currys sale Henrik Schmidt, a TV expert at the high street retailer, said: "We’ve seen a great level of development in TV screen quality over the last few years, with OLED and QLED technologies offering a wide range of benefits to the viewer. "Currys exists to help everyone access and enjoy amazing technology. Times are hard for a lot of people at the moment, which is why above our commitment to Price Lock our favourite TVs and our Epic Deals, I’m delighted to announce that Currys is offering an extra 10 percent off all of our TVs over £400. "Particularly during a summer of sports, when we know people are often looking to upgrade their TVs to have the best possible viewing experience in the comfort of their own home. What’s more, customers can talk to our experts any time to find out which TV is best for them." If you want to shop the Currys 4K and 8K TV range then click here.