The general public appear to be turning on Nick Kyrgios as the Australian tennis star continues to court controversy. The 27-year-old has made it to the Wimbledon quarter-final stage following a string of impressive performances at the tournament so far. And he takes on Chilean Cristian Garin on Court One on Wednesday looking to set up a potential epic semi-final against Spanish legend Rafael Nadal. As ever, Kyrgios has been hogging the headlines at SW19, and attracted further attention when he appeared to breach the All England Club's strict tradition of players wearing only white by donning a red cap and trainers when giving interviews on court after his last-16 victory versus Brandon Nakashima. When asked about why he broke the rules in his post-match press conference, he responded: "Because I do what I want to. No, I’m not above the rules. I just like wearing my Jordans. That’s okay. I’ll wear some Triple Whites tomorrow." Judging by a poll carried out by Express Sport, tennis fans have been left far from impressed by Kyrgios' conduct. The poll asked the question: 'Is Nick Kyrgios good for tennis after his latest Wimbledon outburst?' The survey received almost 20,000 responses, and an overwhelming 67% of you (5,418) voted 'No'. In contrast, a mere 23.4% (1,891) answered 'Yes', with 9.6% (780) replying: 'Not sure'. It appears to suggest that patience is running out with Kyrgios, and it will be intriguing to see what kind of reaction he receives from the crowd in his remaining matches this week. One man who is convinced that Kyrgios is good for tennis is his last-eight opponent Garin. When asked about the divisive star, he replied: "I think Nick is a very good player. For me, he has maybe the best serve on tour. "Yeah, I'm in quarter-finals, you know you will play the best players in the world. He is for me one of the guys that I like to watch. He's very good for tennis. "I think Nick has to be seeded because he for me is one of the best players on the tour and on grass obviously. I mean, the opportunities you have to build. If we are in this round, we both beat good players. "I don't see like an opportunity. I just want to enjoy, play my best, and fight every point as I always do."