August is about to unleash a barrage of blistering "super heatwaves" as temperatures fluctuate in sea waters thousands of miles away. The stubborn "La Niña" phenomenon, the third in as many years, is driving some of the coldest Pacific temperatures in three decades. La Niña is thought to influence weather events around the globe and has been linked to the risk of hot weather in the UK. Experts say it could encourage another "Azores High" pressure pattern to build into Britain, as was seen in the run up to last week’s heatwave. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “La Nina continues to carry on, and it might even strengthen. “While it is always difficult to predict the precise effects on our weather, it may act to bring the Azores High back into the south of the UK. We are not talking in the immediate future, but in the longer term.”   The huge high-pressure system stretching from the Atlantic Azores Islands was the precursor to last week’s historic heatwave which turned Britain into a tinder box and drove devastating fires across parts of the country. It is a frequent visitor to the UK and usually encourages clear skies and warm sunshine–last week, however, it joined forces with low pressure off the coast of Portugal to draw a deadly plume of heat in from Africa. Some weather models once again suggest extraordinary temperatures gripping the nation during the start of August. Amid consensus that another burst of 40C heat is, however, highly unlikely, forecasters are tentatively sounding alarm bells. They say weather models this summer are favouring hotter outcomes, and this may be skewing temperature predictions. Dr Simon Lee, an atmospheric scientist and co-editor of the Royal Meteorological Society’s "Weather" journal wrote on Twitter: “40C in the UK once again appearing in more than one GEFS [forecasting system] forecast for early August. “Recall this is not something which had been seen in medium-range forecasts until June 30th this year. But it is possible that this model's hot and dry bias is exaggerating the true potential.” But similar caveats were issued in mid-June when temperature models began flagging the risk of a 40C heatwave. The Met Office and independent meteorologists said it was "unlikely", instead blaming a blip in forecasting models. Just a fortnight later, Britain was ablaze amid the highest temperatures recorded not just in the UK, but in the world. In a worryingly similar pattern, long-range forecasters warn another surge of extreme heat could be around the corner. Exacta Weather’s James Madden said: “Confidence is high for further periods of extensive heat and very hot conditions throughout August, from the early part of the month onwards.   “It will remain to be seen from nearer model runs if temperature could reach the levels seen during the recent record heatwave. Nevertheless, we are certainly expecting to see temperatures approaching the high-30Cs again during these "super heatwave" heat surges.” Climate experts warn an unrelenting La Nina event continues to threaten "disturbances" in global weather patterns. The phenomenon, the counterpart of Pacific warming–El Nino–is part of a system of periodic changes in Pacific temperatures and wind patterns called the El Nino–Southern Oscillation (ENSO). This time round it is being driven by persistent easterly winds blowing across the equator, according to weather expert and writer Andrej Flis. He said: “Sustained trade winds have helped to sustain the cold anomalies in the central and western tropical Pacific.  Looking at the historical analysis, we can see that the anomalies have reached unusually cold levels across the ENSO regions this season, being the second coldest in the past 32 years. “The strange La Nina will endure into the Cold Season.” Bookmaker Coral has slashed the odds from 3-1 to 6-4 on August beating the new summer record temperature of 40.3C. Spokesman John Hill said: “We could be set for more record-breaking temperatures next month, as not only do we make it odds-on to be the hottest August ever. “We have slashed the odds in half of the recent record temperature of 40.3C bring broken.” 