Carrie Reichert, 43, claims she kissed him on a drunken night in Sin City in August 2012. And she is now selling a pair of black underwear that Harry, then 27, is said to have gifted her after their night together. Carrie told The Mirror: "Harry has become such a bore, it’s a real shame. When he partied in Vegas, everyone loved him and his sense of fun. "At least these pants are a reminder of what he used to be like… when Harry was the fun prince. “It’s a shame he’s all po-faced and serious these days. "Even as a married dad of two, he should still let his hair down now and again – what’s left of it any way.”  Since marrying Meghan Markle, Prince Harry has been involved in a number of socio-political issues. Last week he appeared in front of the United Nations where he delivered a speech that received backlash online and from protestors outside of the building in New York. In April he told youngsters that "we cannot steal your future" as he vowed to make the world a better place. In 2012, pictures began circulating showing Prince Harry naked with a woman hugging him from behind. READ MORE: Royal Family 'preparing' for Archie and Lilibet's return to UK Carried added: "It was a drunken fumble. It wasn’t romantic, just fun. “He was a gentleman, but he was so wasted. The alcohol affected him. I was there for 15 to 20 minutes.” Carrie is hoping to make a hefty £800,000 from selling Prince Harry's underwear. The former stripper also claimed that Harry was playing air guitar with a pool cue when she arrived at Encore at Wynn Las Vegas hotel room. DON'T MISS:Horror as police cordon off road as forensics on scene [PICTURES]Dover-Folkestone queues: Bitter Brexit taunts torn apart [INSIGHT]Tragedy as elderly married couple die in horror crash [COMMENT]  Carrie is also auctioning off the dress and swimsuit she wore during her apparent meeting with the Prince. In 2012, the Duke of Sussex was quizzed over the questionable pictures that came to light. Speaking on Armchair Expert podcast, Dax Shepard told Harry: "I'm really excited to meet you because, in full disclosure I'm the most ill-informed person on the royal family, at least in my circle. You're the only one I ever knew and simply because you were in those awesome nude photos in Vegas. And I literally said to myself, 'This guy's a party!'" Harry replied: "I'm sure, you're constantly looking for other people to go, sort of balance out your own behaviour, right?" He added: "That was a few weeks before I went to Afghanistan." 