Under current proposals, the Government is looking into aligning access to free medication on the NHS with the retirement age. Currently, people are able to claim free prescriptions once they turn 60 years old but this looks likely to change in the near future if these plans come to fruition. As it stands, the state pension age is 66 and is expected to rise to 67 sometime after 2024. If eligibility for free prescriptions is linked with the state pension, many older people will likely be frustrated. This is because over 60s will have to wait longer for support they would otherwise have been entitled to. It should be noted that those living in Scotland and Wales are able to claim their medication for free no matter what age they are. Prescription charges in England are £9.35 per item but costs for many people skyrocket if they have to claim multiple medications. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly The proposed change to free prescriptions eligibility comes amid the country’s growing cost of living crisis. Older households are having to cope with rising inflation and energy bills at a time when their state pension has been depleted as a result of the triple lock getting scrapped. Despite this potential change, the Government has shared various options as to how those approaching retirement age will see their free prescription entitlement altered. The first option is to raise the eligibility threshold for the freebie benefit for everyone while the alternative being considered is a “period of reflection”. This would mean that those in the age range of 60 to 65 would continue to receive free prescriptions over a set time as the proposal is fully implemented. If this were to be introduced, many in the over 60s age group will continue to get free medication on the NHS despite the change. However, pensioners are not the only group which is entitled to free prescription support. Stuart Gale, the chief pharmacist of Oxford Online Pharmacy, highlighted the cost of living crisis as the main reason many Britons will be looking to reduce their medication costs. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack   Mr Gale explained: “With everyone’s costs rising at the moment, prescription and medicine charges are one great cost-cutting area that shouldn’t be overlooked to help save money on your health needs.” The pharmacist shared examples of certain circumstances in which people may be eligible for free prescriptions if they are outside the state pension age. He added: “Consumers in England should first check if they can qualify for any free prescriptions – this can include Medical Exemption Certificates ‘MEDEX’ for conditions such as diabetes, hypothyroid and cancer. “Prescribed contraceptives are also free or if you’re pregnant, or gave birth in the last year a Maternity Exemption Certificate ‘MATEX’ will provide free medicines. “You're also entitled to free prescriptions if you’re under 16 or over 60, in full-time education aged 16-18, you’re an NHS inpatient, on income support, jobseeker’s allowance or universal credit - so check with your pharmacist if you could qualify.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. “We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”