Diana, Princess of Wales, would have celebrated her 61st birthday on Friday. The late princess tragically died in a car crash in Paris in August 1997, the month after her 36th birthday. Her legacy lives on through her sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, and her death has widely been described as a turning point within the Royal Family. Diana is often remembered for her personal gestures and warmth, and one royal expert has also pointed out the princess’ trouble-making tendencies and sense of humour. Kinsey Schofield, the founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, told Express.co.uk: “She was hilarious. She was always cracking jokes. She was really witty. And she was always getting into trouble, but the best kind of trouble.” Ms Schofield, author of the upcoming book, ‘R is For Revenge Dress’, which delves into the life of Diana through an alphabet of anecdotes, recounted a story of Diana playing a “naughty trick” on Oprah Winfrey. She said: “One of my favourite stories is Oprah Winfrey visiting Diana at Kensington Palace and them having some sort of yummy meal and Oprah said: ‘I don’t know how you stay this thin, eating such delicious meals.’ READ MORE: Diana had a ‘very cheeky sense of humour’ - Princess of Wales used to tell ‘saucy jokes’ “And Diana kind of chuckled because she had already told the chef to prepare Oprah the not fat-free version and Diana had the super-skinny, fat-free version.” In the mid Nineties, Oprah was keen on securing a one-to-one interview with the Princess of Wales. The US chat show legend is said to have jetted to London to attempt to persuade Diana to take part in a tell-all. Upon hearing about Oprah’s visit, the princess decided to play the prank on the host, who had recently lost 40lbs through a new diet at the time. Diana requested that her personal chef Darren McGrady prepared his special tomato mousse, the princess’ favourite comfort food. After a few mouthfuls, Oprah asked the princess: "Diana, how do you stay so slim eating rich food like this?" The princess replied by explaining that she ate small portions and worked out regularly. However, as Ms Schofield explained, Diana had sneakily asked Mr McGrady to give her the fat-free version of the dish and serve Oprah a full-fat alternative with heavy cream and mayonnaise. DON'T MISS:'I am not responsible' Princess Diana faced same bullying claims as Meghan Markle fights [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and William's 'emotional tangle' would have left Princess Diana 'mortified' [EXPERT]Princess Diana and Camilla have same star sign - 'good match' for Prince Charles [ANALYSIS] Mr McGrady told the Huffington Post in 2017 that the princess “never did tell her [Oprah] the truth.” Ms Schofield describes Diana’s prank as part of the character those who knew the princess recognise, she said: “It is just classic Diana. She was just naughty in the funniest way.” While Diana chose not to take part in a tell-all interview with Oprah, thirty years later, her son Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle decided to sit down with the journalist. In March 2021, Oprah’s sensational interview with the couple made headlines and sent shockwaves throughout the Royal Family. And the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s weekend visit to Oprah has sparked speculation of a sequel. The couple were spotted driving into the chat show host’s California mansion, which is just a stone’s throw away from the Sussexes’ own home in Montecito. Photographs, shared by the MailOnline, show Harry driving a Range Rover with a woman next to him, believed to be friend Janina Gavankar. Meghan was seen behind them with what appears to be a baby seat next to her, but it is unclear if either three-year-old Archie Harrison or one-year-old Lilibet Diana were with them. The trio spent around an hour at Ms Winfrey's home, sources told MailOnline. While the images have prompted royal watchers to question whether there will be a part two of the bombshell interview, the Sussexes are known to share a close bond with Oprah, so could be visiting the TV star on a purely personal basis.