Speaking first at a NATO summit in Madrid, Ms Truss said China would be making “a catastrophic miscalculation” if it invaded Taiwan. Ms Truss said that with China expanding its strategic ambitions, NATO’s new strategic concept should reference China specifically. The Foreign Secretary earlier said more rapid action was needed to help Taiwan with defensive weapons, a key takeaway from Ukraine. And she later told LBC radio listeners: “We need to learn the lessons of Ukraine, which was that we could have ensured that Ukraine had the defensive capability earlier.” She said the West must learn from its mistakes over Ukraine to “protect peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait”. Clearly, the Foreign Secretary hit a nerve, with Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian saying “the lack of common sense and the arrogance of her remarks are surprising”. The Chinese foreign ministry later lodged an official complaint over Ms Truss’s remarks. Zhao reiterated the CCP’s official position that it considers Taiwan part of China and that no external force has a right to interfere. Taiwan considers itself an independent democracy. Of course, the West has a difficult balancing act over Taiwan. Don’t support Taiwan and China could feel emboldened. Do get stuck in, not just in arming Taiwan – but possibly even with limited troop deployments - and China could use this as justification for invasion. Indeed, China’s recent claim of sovereignty over the 100-mile-long Taiwan Strait could itself create such a pretext for invasion, especially if the US or Royal Navy sail through the Strait anytime soon. While Ms Truss is correct that the West has learned lessons from Ukraine, so has the CCP. This isn’t just about Russian tactics (which now seem to be winning) but about how the West was spooked by Russian nukes and how Western sanctions against Russia appear to be harming the West as much as Moscow. The CCP will believe the West is highly unlikely to apply Russian-level sanctions to China given how dependent the West has become on the country’s manufacturing. Beijing will also be aware that much US and Western weaponry has now been depleted in Ukraine. That said, the CCP will feel increasing pressure over Taiwan, especially since the Chinese people believe Russia is winning – if Russia can do it, many will ask, then why can’t China. Meanwhile, having committed to retake Taiwan at some point, the loss of face of doing nothing could be too much to handle. Perhaps understandably, Ms Truss avoided questions about whether the UK should arm Taiwan directly. The Foreign Secretary also said the UK should continue to build trade ties with China but avoid becoming strategically dependent on the country – itself, a tricky balancing act. However, while the UK – like the rest of the world – depends on Chinese industry, the risk is that tough talk remains merely that, whatever commitments there may have been to boost defence spending. While Ukraine may have some strategic significance, Taiwan’s significance is of a wholly different magnitude. Partly this is down to Taiwan’s role in global electronics, but principally it is because Taiwan forms part of the ‘first island chain’ which blocks Chinese dominance of the Pacific. Should China successfully invade Taiwan then it almost certainly would dominate the Pacific, pushing the US back, and destroying the US Navy’s role as guarantor of the sea lanes, with implications for everything from free trade to US dollar dominance.  The domino effect on the UK could be immense. As a Prime Ministerial contender, Ms Truss has set out a strong position over Taiwan. But to maintain attention, she will be up against war fatigue over Ukraine and the sense that Taiwan is too far away for Britain to care. Ms Truss has got the attention of Beijing however, and that is not insignificant.