The property expert made a cheeky remark about "walking" to the next location, which left guests Lynn and Barry taken aback. The A Place in the Sun guests weren't initially impressed though when Lee joked with them, and the presenter could tell by their horrified faces he had shocked them. As he confirmed he wasn't being serious, he went as far as voicing concerns that the guests were "about to hit" him on the popular Channel 4 show. Lynn and Barry from the West Midlands enlisted the help of Lee and the A Place in the Sun team to find their dream home in sunny Spain. With a budget of £180,000, they were after a detached house in Spain’s northern Costa Blanca, where they plan to permanently relocate along with their two cats, Bob and Marley. Lee lined up five properties, hoping the couple would fall in love with one. The presenter's awkward quip came after the first house tour was done and the trio was headed to the next property. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ "Next property, property number two, is a five-minute drive away from here," Lee explained. But he quickly added: "Or 45 minutes - if you're feeling brave - on foot." Lynn and Barry both seemed surprised by the suggestion to walk in the strong Spanish heat and Lynn, in particular, seemed silently horrified by the comment. As they realised Lee had been joking, the couple burst out laughing. "I think we'll drive if you don't mind," replied Barry. Pointing at Lynn, Lee remarked: "Your face as soon as I said, '45 minutes' walk...'" Lynn continued to laugh as Lee quipped: "You're about to hit me!" Moving on with the all-important tour, he asked: "Shall we get in the car and get going?" DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen jokes kids ‘work’ to put food on the table [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed as Stu's past uncovered [THEORY]Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [LATEST] By the end of the search, the property that had caught the couple's eyes was the fifth and final one. A three-bed villa in Alcalali, it included a pool, two al fresco dining areas, and a separate Mediterranean garden, all of which had great views. There was also a large light and airy living room, a separate kitchen and the main bedroom which had an en-suite shower room. Valued at £237,069, the house was significantly over budget, but Lynn and Barry hoped to negotiate on that. When it was time to make a decision, they told Lee they'd be making an offer on the property. "We can stretch our budget to approximately £215,000," Barry stated. Lee called the agent but unfortunately, the seller rejected the offer. At this news, the couple made one final offer of £218,000, which Barry described as "the most" they could climb to. It wasn't meant to be for the couple though, who were once again rejected. Lee urged the pair to "see the positive" and explore the options they had. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 4pm on Channel 4.