Raphinha could indirectly help Chelsea’s transfer plans despite appearing to snub the Blues in favour of a transfer to Barcelona. The Brazilian is set to join the La Liga side after they agreed a £65million deal with Leeds. Raphinha’s form last season caught the attention of some of Europe’s top clubs, with his 11 Premier League goals a key reason for Leeds successfully battling against relegation. Chelsea were apparently keen on signing the 26-year-old as Thomas Tuchel seeks to revamp his front line. Tuchel must now look elsewhere after it was widely reported that Barca had agreed a deal with Leeds. And Raphinha’s move to Spain could inadvertently help Chelsea land one of their long-standing transfer targets. According to the Evening Standard, the West Londoners have been interested in signing prolific Bayern Munich ace Robert Lewandowski. The Poland international wants to leave Bayern Munich in pursuit of a fresh challenge having won the Bundesliga in each of his eight seasons with the Bavarians. JUST IN: Man Utd's Ten Hag hands down punishment to players in training session Lewandowski has publicly revealed his desire to depart Bayern and has been strongly linked with a move to Barca. However, it is unclear whether the Catalan outfit can afford the perennial goalscorer given their expensive agreement with Raphinha. The 33-year-old still has a year remaining on his contract with Bayern and the German side would therefore expect a big fee. Barca would also need to pay Lewandowski’s huge salary - with the former Borussia Dortmund star believed to be on around £369,000 in Germany, according to the Sun. Barca are not quite as cash-strapped as they were last year, when their transfer business was ruined by their lack of funds. But the Spanish side still need to be tight with their finances as they move out of a difficult period. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's stunning XI if Gunners clinch Kante and one other signingChelsea may have issue with two players after Raheem Sterling gestureChelsea paying price for 'cut-throat' approach amid Man Utd interest That could open the door for Chelsea to pursue Lewandowski after losing out to Barca in the race to sign Raphinha. The striker would guarantee goals having remarkably scored 344 times in 375 appearances for Bayern. Chelsea need to replace Romelu Lukaku, who has re-joined Inter Milan following his tumultuous year at Stamford Bridge. Lewandowski would be the ideal alternative to the Belgian and would fit into Tuchel’s preferred style. At 33, he would be a better value-for-money signing than fellow Chelsea target Cristiano Ronaldo, 37. With Raheem Sterling set to join the Blues, new chairman Todd Boehly could easily win over supporters with another big-name signing in Lewandowski.