Emma Raducanu has been hailed as an inspiration to young British players. The teen etched her name into the history books thanks to her monumental US Open triumph last September, which she won as a qualifier and without dropping a set. She also became the first British woman to win a Grand Slam since Virginia Wade conquered Wimbledon in 1977. The world number 10’s compatriot Katie Swan says that the Bromley local has given a promising group of young players hope of reaching the very top of the game. “What Emma achieved last year was incredible”, Swan told BBC Radio Bristol. “The fact that she was able to do that, it really inspired a lot of us and made us believe that something like that was possible”. The 23-year-old says that the grass court season brings British players together and boosts their morale for the rest of the season. “The grass season always seems to be a time where everyone always enjoys themselves, likes playing in front of a home crowd and kind of all spurring each other on,” she added. “We all train together as well so if you see one of your mates that you train with start doing well in an event you start to believe if they’re doing it why can’t I do that as well. It’s like a snowball effect.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic warned of five players who may stop him winning Rafael Nadal GOAT war   Swan reached the round of 16 at the Bad Homburg Open, before suffering a tight first round loss at Wimbledon. One of her future goals is to represent Great Britain in the revamped Billie Jean King Cup finals alongside Raducanu. She was part of the British team that lost to the Czech Republic in the qualifying round, and was very proud to be selected. “I hope to be in the team but I also know that I have work to do if i want to be there playing in that team,” Swan continued. “I feel like there’s a lot of depth right now for girls in British tennis – whoever ends up being in the team it will be a great experience to play at home in that kind of event.” Before that Swan will look to qualify for the US Open while Raducanu is guaranteed her spot in the main draw and will commence her campaign on the North-American hard courts in Washington. DON'T MISS Swan also has aspirations to improve her world ranking which is currently 210. "I think the biggest goal for me is just staying on court longer, being able to sustain physically day-in day-out and playing matches back-to-back-to-back," Swan said. "I think I've shown quite a lot that I can compete at that level, it's more sustaining it and physically being able to do it after a tough match, being able to wake up and do the same thing the next day with the goal of making it all the way to the end of the tournament."