  ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly has updated her followers on her health after she worried fans by missing her show this week. The Lorraine host was forced to pull out of her chat show after testing positive for COVID-19.     Lorraine, 62, described how she had “missed” her colleagues after having to isolate herself for the last week. The Scottish presenter also admitted that her experience with the virus had been a “nasty one”. This morning she told her 499,000 Instagram followers: “NEGATIVE!! Finally - a nasty one but feeling fine now. “See you all on Monday 9am @lorraine @itv,” she continued. (sic) READ MORE: Christine McGuinness 'lost' as she admits 'today was a heartbreaker'     The star then went on to thank Carol Vorderman, 61, who had stepped in to present the show in her absence. “HUGE thanks to @carolvorders for holding the fort,” Lorraine wrote. “I’ve missed you all. #covid #negative #backtowork #happy #feelingbetter.” (sic) Next to the post, Lorraine included a picture of her negative lateral flow test with a single line through it.      Lorraine’s fans and friends took to the comments section to send the ITV favourite their best wishes. Dr Amir Khan commented: “Yaaaaaay!!!!” While Mel Schilling added: “So glad you’re feeling better Lorraine… Looking forward to meeting you soon!” Anne Kavanagh wrote: “Freedom… We missed you on our screens big time… Great to hear you’re well.”  READ MORE... Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [LATEST] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] Joanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason [NEWS]      Julie Lyn Turton penned: “Be great to have you back! Glad you’re feeling better.” Lorraine’s news comes five days after she announced she had tested positive via Instagram. Sharing a picture of her dogs at the time, she wrote: “The dreaded Covid has finally caught up with me. “I am so thankful to the scientists who developed the vaccine!     “Being looked after by @rosiekellysmith @rubyisasausage and @steveandangussmith - thanks to @carolvorders for hosting @lorraine until I’m back!” Carol is best known as the former presenter of Countdown - a Channel 4 show which she presented between 1982 and 2008. While Rachel Riley has since inherited the gig, Carol has gone on to become the face of the annual Pride of Britain Awards. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.   