Going abroad - or even enjoying a staycation - is usually going to be more costly than staying at home. Axel Hefer, CEO of trivago, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about some top budgeting tips for travelling. According to Axel, we are entering an "economic downturn", so it pays to be savvy even on holiday so as not to break the bank. He provided his top tips for saving money when travelling. Axel's first piece of advice to holidaymakers was to consider shorter trips. He said: "Shorter trips are obviously a cheaper option than long ones, but there are often great three and four night deals to be found, especially if you are happy to be flexible on your days. READ MORE: Airport chaos: All countries reporting major delays and queues "To get the best offers, look at booking trips on weekdays rather than weekends - as these are less popular days, there are savings to be had!" And when sitting down to book your holiday, what's the best day to go searching for hotels? According to the expert: "To really get the best bang for your buck, our data also shows that booking on a Friday will also get the best deals." Axel's next tip was to compare the best deals. Booking the first nice hotel you see may save travellers time, but it certainly won't save them money. "Ensure you’re looking for deals across multiple providers with appropriate filters to suit your travel needs," the expert advised. What's more, hotel goers should beware of money-saving deals that don't save them money. "For example, sometimes a ‘breakfast included’ offer might save you money, but if you don’t need or eat breakfast, it’s not a saving!" Axel said. READ MORE: Trivago CEO shares five 'hidden gem' destinations for cheap travel When booking accommodation, travellers tend to look at the star ratings of hotels rather than reviews. Axel stated: "When reviewing accommodation, ensure you’re also checking out guest comments. "It is hardly surprising that more people are turning to review websites before booking a room, plus there is an increasing level of trust in online reviews and ratings." When selecting accommodation, location is key, but rather than get as close to the city centre as possible, Axel had a different suggestion. "Book outside of busy city centres. "As we enter a bumper travel season for Brits, our data shows hotel prices in popular European city centres have been increasing gradually throughout summer." Destinations outside the city centre with good transport links may be a better bet to save money. Axel's final tip was to consider travelling during low seasons, so those who aren't desperate to get away this summer - this one's for you. He said: "Consider booking travel during off peak travel seasons to save extra cash, especially if you are not tied to the school holidays. "November through to April is generally considered to be the low season for travel in the UK."