The Escape to the Chateau couple are perfectionists in their work, and expect the same from the staff who help out. Angel Adoree, 44, talked about getting rid of "bad eggs," and admitted Dick Strawbridge, 62, could be "grumpy." It came as the two reflected on memorable staff members they'd worked with since they first began work on the chateau, which has been documented by Channel 4 since 2016. As the two chatted about a man called Jay who worked for them, Angel added: "And Jay had a friend who was called Tina, they were just friends at the time, and again, she does a bit of everything. "And she came and again, we would say that Tina was one of our first members of staff, and Tina is still here today!" "Tina's still here now, it's interesting because things change," Dick added. "And Tina's got her own big project, she's got a little sort of campsite and she still comes to work with us." READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? "She does," Angel confirmed, as Dick commented: "Good campsite by the way if you want to go to it." "This is the lovely part," Angel chimed in, adding: "Tina and Jay are actually together now!" She explained: "They fell in love at the chateau, bit of a love story. "She sort of comes here for a few days a week and more if we've got weddings."  "If we have events on or anything I don't think she'd want to miss it because she actually loves being part of that," Dick elaborated, speaking on a video posted on the couple's official website. "But Tina's been there from the beginning." He added: "But that's back to the very first member of staff, and Tina stayed with us." Looking at his wife, he said sheepishly: "We've had other members of staff that have come and gone, just to be quite blunt about it." "Yeah, absolutely," Angel argued, adding: "It's our home!" DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater engaged after Kheerat ultimatum [THEORY]Charlie Stayt rolls eyes as Naga Munchetty lectures BBC host [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty put on the spot by BBC Breakfast co-star 'Can't do it!' [LATEST] "Because not everybody's a fit," Dick stated. "And alright, I have been known to..." He turned to Angel, who concluded: "What, to be grumpy? Yes." "Nobody believes that, I get it," Dick joked, as Angel admitted she also has high standards. "It's probably a little bit me... I just, I can't stand anyone - I call them one-handed moppers," she remarked as she impersonated someone lazily working. "It's hard because we've got Arthur and Dorothy here," Dick went on. "And for us the biggest part is they're not affected by the television, the events - because it is our home and everything else. "Arthur and Dorothy, we want them surrounded by people who actually you just feed off and you work together and it's all good energy, and that's all we ever ask for, isn't it?" "Yeah," Angel agreed. "And you cannot have one bad egg in the team because it penetrates through." Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.