Manchester United have had a slow start to the summer transfer window. However, things could soon be set to change with the Red Devils hopeful of concluding deals for the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. What’s more, Erik ten Hag and John Murtough are unlikely to stop there… It was always going to be a big summer for United after they finished sixth in the Premier League table last term. Tyrell Malacia has been their sole recruit so far, with the Netherlands international moving from Feyenoord. But United have upped the ante and are now confident of concluding deals for De Jong, Martinez and Eriksen over the next few days. Agreements with Barcelona and Ajax were reached for De Jong and Martinez on Thursday, while Eriksen is currently a free agent following the end of his short-term Brentford contract. So Express Sport will now take a look at three other signings the Red Devils will look to make once their current priorities are in the door. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings United have lost Lee Grant on a free transfer. And they’ve also allowed Dean Henderson to leave on loan, with the England international moving to Premier League new boys Nottingham Forest. The Red Devils had been eyeing Thomas Strakosha, but the Albania international has now moved to Brentford instead. So United need a new back-up goalkeeper to keep David De Gea on his toes when it comes to the No 1 jersey. A shock return for Sergio Romero has been mooted, with the Argentina international previously spending six successful years at Old Trafford. But it’s unclear if United will move for Romero, who is now a free agent, despite his desire to come back. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United would, in an ideal world, sign a new right-back this summer. Aaron Wan-Bissaka hasn’t kicked on since moving from Crystal Palace in 2019 - though it’s worth noting he’s impressed Ten Hag in training. And Diogo Dalot remains defensively suspect, despite the fact he’s good going forward. United were linked with Denzel Dumfries earlier in the summer but links to the Inter Milan star have gone quiet of late. Likewise, Norwich City’s Max Aarons, who looks set to play in the Championship for the Canaries at the current moment in time. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Regardless of what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo, United do want to recruit a new forward. They’d love to poach Antony from Ajax but, with the Eredivisie outfit reluctant to lose another key player, that deal may have to wait another year. One to keep an eye on, however, is Paulo Dybala. The Argentina international is a free agent following the end of his Juventus contract and, previously, had looked set to join Inter Milan. But a move to the San Siro won’t be happening and United have been in touch with Dybala’s camp about a potential move to Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently, Ten Hag opened up on United’s ongoing transfer hunt by saying: "At my first press conference, I said already that definitely we are searching for players in the midfield and I think that we have a need. "But also, in offence, we are still looking for players. “We want to have the right players. We have a really good squad. “We are working to develop our way of playing. “If the opportunity is there [to sign players], then we will strike.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.