In a set of adorable pictures capturing the attention of royal fans, Kate and Prince William’s only daughter is seen with holding hands with the four-year-old. Charlotte has always looked out for her youngest sibling - as seen in the pictures put together by a royal fan account on Instagram. In one of the pictures, a Royal Family snap, Charlotte holds Louis' hand as he is held in the Queen’s arms. Another photo shows now seven-year-old Charlotte holding her brother’s hand as the Cambridges pose for another family photoshoot. And the most recent photo is from the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, during which the children are pictured sitting on the carriage. Charlotte, again, is pictured holding little Louis' hand. Posted by the Instagram account reallifeduchess, the collage was captioned: "It’s the way Princess Charlotte is always holding Prince Louis hand for me. "You can tell by their interactions with each other that the Cambridge kiddos have close relationships! It’s lovely to see." READ MORE: Princess Charlotte asks Kate heartbreaking question before school Louis' antics over the Platinum Jubilee weekend were the highlight for many. He was pictured being a typical four-year-old, pulling faces and sitting on the laps of family members - including his grandfather, the Prince of Wales - during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Former England rugby star Mike Tindall, who is married to the Queen's granddaughter Zara Tindall, sat behind the young royal with his two daughters Mia, aged eight, and four-year-old Lena. Speaking on his podcast The Good, The Bad and The Rugby, Mr Tindall said: "Louis was just wanting to have fun, and my two are always mischievous, so it was (about) trying to keep a lid on. "There were a lot of sweets out back there, so they had complete sugar highs. “It's tough for them, they're all young sitting there from two to five or whatever, it's a long time, as any parent knows you just do what needs to be done." DON'T MISS: Prince Louis’s last name to change in bizarre Royal Family traditionKate personally 'teaching' her three children royal etiquettePrince Charles: The 3 poignant royal anniversaries for 'Grandpa Wales'