Iran's Supreme Leader, Ali Khamenei, has raised more fears over Tehran's nuclear weapons drive this week. His senior adviser, Kamal Kharrazi, warned on Monday that his country is technically capable of making a nuclear bomb. He said: “In a few days we were able to enrich uranium up to 60 percent and we can easily produce 90 percent enriched uranium. "Iran has the technical means to produce a nuclear bomb but there has been no decision by Iran to build one." The Middle Eastern country has clashed with the US and other NATO allies for years over its nuclear weapons programme. Western nations have tried to persuade Tehran to ditch the development, but one expert warned that it may be too late. Speaking to the New Yorker in December, Zohar Palti, the former director of intelligence at Mossad said: “The problem with Iran’s nuclear program is that, for the time being, there is no diplomatic mechanism to make them stop. "There is no deterrent. Iran is no longer afraid. We need to give them the stop sign.” Many in the West were encouraged in 2015 when Iran signed a nuclear deal with world powers limiting uranium enrichment and nuclear stockpiles so that it would not amass enough material for an atomic weapon until 2030. However, Donald Trump abandoned the deal and announced a new “maximum pressure” campaign of sanctions when he took the White House, aimed at crippling Iran’s economy and forcing it to negotiate a more stringent agreement. But this led to a complete breakdown of communication between the US and Iran – the country then drastically accelerated its weapons development. Iran still maintains that its nuclear programme is for peaceful purposes. Last week US President Joe Biden visited the Middle East, and he hit out at Mr Trump for abandoning the nuclear deal with Iran. He said: "The only thing worse than the Iran that exists now is Iran with nuclear weapons. READ MORE: Erdogan calls for support from Putin "I think it was a gigantic mistake for the last president to get out of the deal. They're closer to a nuclear weapon now than they were before," When asked by Israeli news anchor Yonit Levi if the White House would "use force" against Iran's nuclear program, Mr Biden said he would be willing to sanction an attack, but that it would be a "last resort." He added: "But Iran cannot get a nuclear weapon," Iran is also antagonising the West with its backing of Russia. DON'T MISSIran boasts it could 'easily' produce a nuclear weapon [INSIGHT]Iran attacks 'drowsy' Biden for threatening to use force [ANALYSIS]Iran turns on Putin and demands 'war must be stopped' [INSIGHT] Russian President Vladimir Putin travelled to Tehran this week, where he received backing for his invasion of Ukraine from Iran. Khamenei told Putin: “War is a harsh and difficult issue, and Iran is not at all pleased that ordinary people suffer from it, but in the case of Ukraine if you had not taken the initiative, the other side would have caused the war with its own initiative. “If the road is open to NATO, it knows no boundaries and if it was not stopped in Ukraine they would start the same war some time later under the pretext of Crimea.”