Manchester United’s rocky summer could be about to get even rockier. Chelsea, not content with sniffing about Cristiano Ronaldo, are also aiming to hijack Frenkie de Jong’s move to Old Trafford. And if the Netherlands international moves to Stamford Bridge instead, it will be a blow Richard Arnold simply can’t afford. Manchester United first opened talks with Barcelona two months ago. But, despite weeks of speculation in the time since, the Red Devils have been unable to get a deal for the Netherlands international over the line. United and Barcelona are in agreement when it comes to an initial fee, with Erik ten Hag’s side willing to pay £59.2million to bring the 25-year-old in. But the Red Devils are yet to discuss personal terms with the midfielder. And, to add to their woes, Chelsea are now very much interested as Thomas Tuchel looks to win the Premier League title next term. The Blues have Champions League football to offer De Jong, something United can’t provide after they finished sixth amid a shambolic season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And, in Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso, they have two players who Barcelona would love to have in their squad. United should, by now, have closed the De Jong deal. That they haven’t is damning and speaks volumes about the current state of the fallen Premier League giants. And Arnold can’t afford for a hijack to take place. It would make United look a laughing stock, something they arguably are already given the troubles of the past 12 months. And it would leave Erik ten Jag without his top transfer target, with the Dutchman driving interest in his compatriot behind the scenes at Old Trafford. It would give United a mountain to climb when it comes to qualify for the Champions League, too. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen The Red Devils would be significantly stronger with De Jong, rather than out, having chosen the former Ajax star as a replacement for Paul Pogba. Yet if they have Scott McTominay and Fred as their first-choice midfield pairing next term, then another year of issues could await. Arnold was more than happy to open up on the De Jong deal to fans recently, telling supporters at a local pub that they’re willing to do a deal and that the money ‘is there’. But, having replaced Ed Woodward earlier in the year, it would certainly make the 51-year-old look like another guilty party in the grand fall of the club. You only need to look at Woodward, too, to see how missing out on De Jong could be damaging in the long run. In 2013, shortly after David Gill’s departure, the former United supremo wanted to make a statement signing. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team They pursued a deal for Cristiano Ronaldo, only for the Portugal international to choose to stay at Real Madrid at the time. United contemplated bringing in Gareth Bale, but Real Madrid were always in pole position to land the Wales international. And they also wanted Cesc Fabregas, though the Spain international ended up remaining at Barcelona instead. Woodward was never able to recover from those blows, which set the tone for his turbulent tenure at United. And Arnold must now be fearing the same. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here If United miss out on De Jong, after weeks and weeks of negotiations, then it will set the club substantially back. It would mean them having to sign an alternative, with rival clubs then likely to up their demands knowing how much Ten Hag needs to overhaul the squad. And whether United can fend off this late attempt from Chelsea to sign De Jong is something only time will tell. Missing out on the Barcelona star, at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo could leave, would see the doom and gloom mood at Old Trafford rise again. So fans best hope Arnold, and John Murtough, know what they’re doing behind the scenes.