 Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester is expected to visit Bromley Football Club on Wednesday to commemorate the Borough's Access to Sport week. This appearance is one of many the Queen’s cousin is undertaking as part of his jam-packed schedule of royal engagements. Later this week, he and his wife Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester are set to attend the Commonwealth Games Cycling events at the Lee Valley Velopark, London.  Both Richard, 77, and Birgitte, 76, have been representing Queen Elizabeth II as full-time working royals for over five decades. Their dedication to public duty was recognised last month during the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, during which the couple accompanied the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. However, at birth, Richard was not intended for a life of royal service, and in fact, had relatively humble beginnings for a member of the Royal Family. Unlike his cousins, the backdrop of the Duke’s birth was not enveloped in regal stature. READ MORE: Royal heartbreak: Tragic reason why Duke of Gloucester couldn't pursue dream career  While the Queen was born in her parent’s London townhouse and Princess Margaret was born in a Scottish castle, Richard’s birthplace was St Matthew's Nursing Home, an unassuming care home in Northhamptonshire which still operates as a residential care unit at present day. The second son of Prince Henry and Princess Alice and youngest grandson of King George V and Queen Mary, Richard would have had a pretty strong claim to the throne if the Queen and her sister Margaret had not been born. But despite being fifth in line to the throne at the time of his birth, the Duke planned to live a life outside of the royal fold. His older brother, Prince William of Gloucester, was the heir apparent to their father’s peerages and was destined to become the next Duke of Gloucester.  After spending two years in Australia, where his father was Governor General, the Gloucester family returned to the UK and resided in Barnwell Manor, a Grade II listed country estate near the village of Oundle, Northamptonshire. Both brothers attended Eton College and later Magdalene College at the University of Cambridge, where William read history and Richard read architecture. They both spent the Sixties pursuing their careers, but by 1970, their father’s health had become critical after suffering multiple strokes. And as the heir to the estate, William was forced to resign from his position as the third secretary in the British Embassy in Tokyo and return to the UK. Meanwhile, Richard had become a practising partner in Hunt Thompson Associates in London, an architectural firm. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL]Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [ANALYSIS]  In July 1972, he married Danish-born Birgitte van Deurs Henriksen, whom he first met at Cambridge University, in St Andrew's Church at Barnwell. But a month later, tragedy struck and Richard’s royal future was forever changed. William — a licensed pilot and aviation enthusiast — was taking part in an amateur air competition when his plane crashed and burst into flames. He and his passenger — another pilot with whom he regularly flew — were killed in the accident. Upon his brother’s death, Richard suddenly found himself in line for his father’s title, role and responsibilities. He gave up his position at the architectural firm in the same year and became a working royal.  Just two years later, his father died and Richard assumed his father’s Duchy, making him the Duke of Gloucester. Both he and his wife have continued to assist the Queen and other members of the Royal Family with their duties. Richard never gave up completely on his passion for architecture and is president of the Society of Architect Artists and commissioner for English Heritage. The couple lived in Barnwell Manor up until 1994 before relocating to Kensington Palace. They now reside in a small home near the Kensington Palace stables and have three adult children: Alexander Windsor, Earl of Ulster, Lady Davina Windsor, and Lady Rose Gilman. Last month, Richard returned to his hometown as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  The Duke was invited by Barnwell Parish Council to plant a tree to commemorate his cousin's 70 years on the throne. A Barnwell Parish Council spokesman said: "The duke spoke fondly of his time in Barnwell and the unique character of the village. “He took time out to speak to all the residents who had come out to recognise the event.” He added: “The warmth he felt for the village and its residents was clear and was remarked on by many. “Council chairman David Brown warmly thanked the duke on behalf of the village for his continued long-term support of, and interest in, the village in so many ways."