Iron is needed by the body to make red blood cells used to carry oxygen around the body. If someone is low on iron this can lead to iron deficiency anaemia. Symptoms of the condition include:• Tiredness and lack of energy• Shortness of breath• Heart palpitations• Pale skin.A simple blood test will normally be able to confirm if someone has iron deficiency anaemia. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Feel that? Two 'general' signs that can be 'felt'  According to Dr Ankita Baidya of HCMCT Manipal Hospitals, an iron deficiency could be a sign someone has had COVID-19. Speaking to E Times she said: “Different studies have found increased inflammatory markers in severe COVID-19 patients, which actually produce hepcidin - an important chemical released from the liver, which helps in regulating and absorbing iron in cells.” Ms Raj said: “This disruption in iron metabolism can impact overall wellbeing and delay your recovery from illness. “Patients recovering from COVID-19 continue to report severe fatigue, breathlessness, poor appetite, chest pain, dizziness, cognitive dysfunction, and hair loss.” Treatment for iron deficiency anaemia will very much depend on the cause of the deficiency. The NHS say: “If the blood test shows your red blood cell count is low, iron tablets will be recommended to replace the iron that’s missing from your body.” READ MORE: B12 deficiency: Your body temperature may be a sign As well as tablets, patients can also eat foods high in iron such as dark-green leafy vegetables, fortified cereals and bread, meat, dried fruits such as apricots, and pulses. Alongside eating more of some foods, they also recommend consuming less:• Tea• Coffee• Milk and dairy• Foods with high levels of phytic acid. In common with other deficiencies, iron deficiency anaemia can have a number of causes such as taking some anti-inflammatory drugs, stomach ulcers, inflammation of the bowel or food pipe, piles, and bowel or stomach cancer. Before a link is drawn between iron deficiency and COVID-19 it is important to note more studies are required to conclude this link. Should such a connection be identified it would add another to the long list of complications associated with COVID-19. Despite what some may have said or the general public may think, the pandemic is definitely not over.