Coronation Street actress Jennie McAlpine, has stunned fans over the years, transforming her body and maintaining her slim figure. Since joining the Weatherfield clan back in 2001, she has lost a significant amount of weight and it turns out she follows a very simple method that guarantees weight loss. The TV star, who plays Fiz Brown in the ITV soap, has lost two stone since embarking on her healthier lifestyle, dropping three dress sizes in the process. Jennie explained what she did in order to shed the pounds. "If you eat more of the good stuff and take more exercise, then you’ll lose weight," she said. But while she makes sure her diet is healthy, she doesn’t restrict herself too much. Instead, she uses "common sense" to find the right balance. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She said back in 2009: "I don’t go in for all the diet plans and worrying yourself silly over how much you weigh. "Ice cream is bad, salad is good. It’s not rocket science!" The actress tries not to stress about what she eats and has said she is happy with her overall image. Jennie added: “A balanced diet and regular exercise are essential to maintain a healthy lifestyle and start your weight loss journey." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Experts have found that the best exercises for weight loss are a combination of resistance and aerobic training. Studies have shown that cardio is efficient for shedding body fat while weight training builds muscle that keeps the body functioning. Examples of aerobic exercises that burn off fat include: Jogging or running Cycling Swimming Interval training READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Exercise can also create a larger calorie deficit. A calorie deficit is when the body is burning more calories than it is consuming. Therefore, if a person is more active while eating healthy and less than their maintenance calories, they will lose weight faster. Since her weight loss, Jennie has since revealed she has been a victim of trolling in the past because of her appearance. "Things like ‘you’re fat’ and ‘you can’t act'," she recalled. "It’s really easy to say ‘ignore it’. "But there are times in our lives when we’ve lost people or or we’ve just become mums and we’re more vulnerable." She added: "I go on social media but I don’t love it and I hope it becomes extinct by the time my children have grown up."