The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were pictured at the Guards Polo Club, where William was taking part in the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022. In the pictures, Kate dazzles in a long white midi dress, sunglasses and a pair of espadrilles. The Duchess kept her hair in a bouncy blow dry, alongside neutral makeup with a sweep of dark eyeliner and a touch of lipstick. Meanwhile, William is dressed in white trousers and a blue button up. The royals are flanked by their two-year-old black dog Orla, as they walk near the event where William makes a return to the pitch as a polo player. The patronages and organisations benefiting from the game are SHOUT, The Foundling Museum, The Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, London’s Air Ambulance, Mountain Rescue England and Wales, The Anna Freud Centre, Family Action, The Forward Trust, East Anglia Children’s Hospice (EACH) and The Passage, Kensington Palace said. William also made an appearance for the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup last year. Pictures at the time showed the Duke suited up in his navy and white uniform with a mallet in hand. Before the 2021 charity game, William had last played polo with Prince Harry in 2019 for the King Power Royal Charity Polo Day. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot Harry and William played on opposite teams in the 2019 charity match, held in memory of late Leicester City owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha. The Duke of Cambridge and his team went on to win the Khun Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha Memorial Polo Trophy at the Billingbear Polo Club. Harry has also made a return to polo in 2022, playing alongside professional polo player and friend Ignacio ‘Nacho’ Figueras. The pair play in California in the team ‘Los Padres’, with the group winning the Lisle Nixon Memorial Final 15-14 in June. According to sports site poloplus10.com, Harry also won the ‘Best Playing Amateur Pony’ award for his role in the season. British player Millie Hine, who knows members of ‘Los Padres’, told the Daily Mail Harry has been training four times a week and going to the gym most days to keep up with the other pro polo players.  A day before the polo match, Kate and William made their first trip to Wimbledon of the year for the annual tennis tournament. They watched defending champion Novak Djokovic book his place in the men's singles semi finals with victory over Jannik Sinner. Later William and Kate moved to Court No.1 to cheer on British hopeful Cameron Norrie as he too reached the Wimbledon semi-finals.