In one of the latest episodes of BBC’s The Repair Shop, viewers saw metals expert Brenton West get emotional with one guest. After he revealed to her the beekeeping equipment which once belonged to her late, she quickly broke down. The Repair Shop’s Brenton struggled to hide his emotions when revealing one item in particular to their guest. Vanessa brought in some beekeeping equipment that used to belong to her late father in the hopes it could be restored to how it once was. Bringing it into the shop, she told Brenton: “It belonged to my dad, I remember him using it in the kitchen and now I’m a beekeeper I want to use it.” She told Brenton beekeeping was his life but sadly he had to give it up when he became ill.   Vanessa said: “One of the last things he said to me when he was in hospital was would I look after his bees for him. “This is one of the ways that I keep close to him." Showing them the inside of the honey extractor, Brenton was able to see the extent of the damage and what repairs would need to be done. Brenton said: “It’s absolutely lovely, beautiful."   Later on in the episode, fans got to see the moment Vanessa saw the restored equipment. Once Brenton revealed it, she was overcome with emotion as she immediately put her hands over her mouth. She said: “Oh my goodness, it’s beautiful. It’s absolutely beautiful.” She then walked up to the smoker and admired the work The Repair Shop expert had done on her late dad’s smoker.   Vanessa said: “Thank you so much. It’s so lovely to have it all back.” Viewers could see Brenton look emotional while he watched Vanessa’s reaction as she started to tear up. Her voice broke trying to hold back tears as she told them: “My dad’s back again. You’ve left all the dents in which are lovely.   “Hope you can see it dad.” She then thanked Brenton for the work he had done before trying out the equipment for herself. Vanessa then let Jay Blades have a go as they extracted some honey from the extractor. Thanking them one more time, Brenton replied: “It’s been an absolute pleasure.” The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  