Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo won't be attending training today, according to reports. The Portugal international wants to leave Old Trafford behind, just a year after moving from Juventus. However, he's yet to hold talks with Erik ten Hag - and that imminent conversation could hold the key to his future. Manchester United’s senior stars are expected to report for training today, having been afforded extra time off than their younger team-mates. But The Athletic say Ronaldo won't be attending, with the Portugal international due to miss the session for 'family reasons'. The Portugal international has privately questioned United’s lack of ambition, believing they’re not acting intensely enough as they look to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. Both Ten Hag and senior officials at the club were previously said to be ‘unsure’ over whether they’ll see Ronaldo today in the wake of the news. It was claimed nobody is taking anything for granted after a ‘turbulent’ 48 hours and, now, it's confirmed he won't be there. United were reportedly caught off guard when it emerged Ronaldo wanted out, with the 37-year-old attracting interest from both Chelsea and Bayern Munich. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The Red Devils, for their part, are adamant their No 7 won’t be going anywhere this summer. Ronaldo, upon returning from Juventus in August after 12 years away, penned a two-year contract with the club. United have told the forward they expect him to be on the club’s pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia, with members of the squad due to jet out on Friday. Ronaldo is, however, yet talk to Ten Hag about his future. And the Dutchman would very much like to keep hold of the Portugal international, who scored 24 goals across all competitions last term - more than any other player. Ten Hag will need to make the former Juventus and Real Madrid star buy into his vision, something that could be achieved given how he’s already impressed at the club’s Carrington training complex. United do think, though, that Ronaldo has ‘genuine affection’ for the club. And they’re hopeful he’ll knuckle down and stay professional, despite Jorge Mendes’ attempts to navigate a move away from Old Trafford. United players always suspected Ronaldo would push to leave the club after they failed to qualify for the Champions League. The Portugal international has never played in the Europa League over the course of his glittering career and, with 140 goals in Europe’s top-tier club competition, it’s hard to see him stomaching that as he prepares for the twilight years of his career. The report adds that, on more than one occasion, Ralf Rangnick advocated for Ronaldo to be sold. Despite his goals, Rangnick believed the Red Devils needed somebody younger to play up top alongside the likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. Wes Brown, meanwhile, recently told Express Sport that United should keep Ronaldo. He said: “He’s a different breed. We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here