Summer plants are some of the prettiest, but many of them are actually toxic to pets and humans. Now, health and wellness expert, Jay Riggs, from Zeal CBD has shared which common summer plants are actually poisonous to humans and pets. Common poisonous summer plants to be aware of from June to September include rhubarb, wisteria, hydrangea, oleander and foxgloves. While commonly used in British desserts like crumble, parts of this plant are actually poisonous. Make sure to just use the stalks and avoid the leaves when cooking with rhubarb. Eating too much can cause kidneys to shut down. This plant rarely causes harm to humans, but the seed pods are toxic to dogs, cats and horses. Be careful if pets like to explore the garden or neighbouring fields alone. READ MORE: Where does the Duke of Kent live? Inside his ‘modest’ home Hydrangeas actually contain cyanide but you’d have to eat a lot for it to be fatal. This is one of the most toxic plants to humans and pets. Just touching the plant and tree sap with bare hands or inhaling the smoke of burning oleander can induce toxic effects. DON'T MISSCommon mowing mistake could be ‘turning your lawn yellow’ [INSIGHT]‘Best course of action’ to naturally get rid of crabgrass from lawns [UPDATE]Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [ANALYSIS] Foxgloves are truly beautiful but they can transfer toxins to eyes, mouths or open wounds. The reaction doesn’t take place straight away on hands which is why people often end up transferring the toxins to other areas of the body. Always wear gloves when handling foxgloves. With summer now well and truly here, many Britons are looking to enjoy some of the UK’s incredible wildlife and outdoor attractions. One event that has piqued Britons’ interest is The Real Flower Confetti Company’s stunning “Confetti Field” of flowers which officially opened on July 5. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The event, at Wyke Manor Estate in Wick, has seen a 15 percent increase in search on Google Trends in just one day. Millions of flowers have bloomed on the field creating a spectacle of colour. Some of the flowers include tall and elegant delphinium flowers in full bloom, as well as poppies. However, while they may look elegant, delphiniums are very poisonous to both humans and animals. Mr Riggs has also shared his tips for keeping safe while being around poisonous flowers. He said: “While it’s important that we get out and enjoy the outdoors this summer, you need to make sure that you are aware of the plants around you. “They might be pretty to look at, but some can be incredibly deadly. “If you are planning on going to the Wyke Manor Estate in Wick to see the Confetti Fields, you should first make a note of some safety tips beforehand.”  Here are Jay’s safety tips if you’re in contact with poisonous flowers: Do not touch the flowers, no matter how pretty they might look Do not bring pets or leave them in the car when visiting For those bringing young children, keep them close and don’t let them ingest the flowers Wear a long-sleeved tops and trousers to avoid any unnecessary brushing against the plants, if necessary Always wash clothes once home to prevent contamination Make sure to bring hand sanitiser and use it regularly but wash hands as soon as possible if you touch a plant. People wanting to have these flowers at home should first identify what plants they have in their garden/outdoor area or do research before planting in the garden. Mr Riggs added: “This will save you any issues later down the line and you’ll be able to enjoy spending time in your garden outdoors without worrying about your children or pets."