Victoria Beckham, 48, has reached out to her son Romeo Beckham's former girlfriend Mia Regan, 19, and offered her support on Instagram. It comes after the model shared her latest snap on the picture-sharing site. Romeo, 19, and his girlfriend had reportedly called time on their three-year romance. According to reports, the pair is said to have ended due to the "pressures" of the pair trying to navigate a long-distance relationship as their respective careers force them away from one another for long periods of time. Following the news of their unexpected split, proud mum Victoria has gushed over Mia's latest snaps. Taking to Instagram, the British model shared a sultry snap as she posed for fashion brand Miu Miu. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rips into Prince Harry amid Nelson Mandela comparisons Mia flashed her toned abs in a crop team which she teamed with a long skirt and flat pumps. In view of her 621,000 followers, she penned: "Wee bit posey so left u a surprise at the end xx." Victoria proved that she and Mia are still close as she wrote, "Beautiful x kisses x" underneath the model's latest striking snap. In response to Victoria's kind comment, Mia replied with several love-heart emoji's as she seemingly thanked Victoria for sharing the love on her latest post.  The split between Romeo and Mia comes after the pair had celebrated their third anniversary earlier this year. Romeo, who is currently playing at Inter Miami II - the club owned by former England captain and father David Beckham - and model Mia based in London, it is believed their conflicting work schedules had brought an end to their romance. A source told the Daily Mail: "Essentially the long distance relationship at their young ages took its toll. Romeo and Mia are both lovely young people, they're very fond each other and the family love Mia. "She's continuing to collaborate with Victoria Beckham through her work, but sadly Romeo and Mia aren't together anymore.  "He's focused on his football and living in Miami and she's in the UK, working on her modelling and influencer career. It's amicable." It comes as Mia was recently seen looking blue at Wimbledon as she was spotted without beau Romeo at the start of the month. Watching the goings-on at the SW19 championships, the model looked glum and unimpressed as she leaned her head on her hands while sitting in the crowd. Last month, Romeo took to Instagram to share his heartache over his long distance relationship with Mia. The clip, posted originally by Mia on her profile, showed her shaking her head as she hummed the song September by Earth, Wind & Fire. Romeo could be seen on her laptop screen watching on as she recorded herself dancing. She captioned the story: “Long distance,” along with a red heart. He reposted the video, adding: “I miss youuuuuu”. (sic)