BBC Breakfast's weather presenter Carol Kirkwood was invited onto a recent episode of The One Show to discuss her new novel, The Hotel on the Riviera. She talked about the book with great enthusiasm which led host Ronan Keating to ask if she would ever want to take over a hotel herself. However, Carol recalled how her parents worked around the clock to look after their hotel which discouraged her from following in their footsteps. Carol's latest book is set on the French Riviera and the hotel in which the book is centred around overlooks the stunning "sapphire blue waters of the Riviera". She explained: "The family have owned this hotel for many years but have let it become a bit shabby. "It used to be where the movie stars went, anyone who was anyone would visit the hotel. "There is this one member, the matriarch of the family, living in the penthouse. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin "You don't know why, she is very much a recluse. "And then along comes someone who puts a cat among the pigeons and this is a Greek heiress who has inherited the hotel. "So there is a tug-of-war between the two supposed owners of the hotel but there are other sub-plots within the book as well." Carol revealed there's also organised crime as well as romance running through the novel.  The One Show host Ronan quipped: "I love how you explained the plot like you were reading the weather." He then asked the BBC presenter whether she had ever dreamed about taking over a hotel. Carol explained: "My mum and dad actually owned a hotel and I saw the amount of work which was involved with it - and that was too much for me. "It really is 24/7, but I know the ins and outs of a hotel and in the book, I love anything to do with visual imagery... I like to drag my reader with me so they can visualise it too." DON'T MISS...Kirkwood warns ‘heavy’ rains set to dampen final July weekend  [WEATHER]Carol Kirkwood clashes with BBC Breakfast co-star  [MUST SEE]Carol Kirkwood insists fiance is 'lucky to have her'  [INSIGHT]  Co-host Alex Scott then asked about her fiancé as she was amazed he wakes up before 2.45am to make Carol a cup of tea every morning before she heads off to work. Carol told BBC viewers she had named one of the characters in her book after her partner. "The chef Stefan is named after him, he's called Steve, so that is the resemblance," Carol explained. "I wanted to get him in the book somehow so his name is in there."   The book comes a year after the release of her debut novel Under a Greek Moon which follows the story of a film star with a secret in her past. The book was a Sunday Times bestseller and Carol's penchant for travel and Hollywood glamour inspired her to write it. The One Show will be taken off-air until August 22 as BBC One will be covering the 2022 Commonwealth Games. The One Show usually airs on weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 