Jane Hawkes is a former flight attendant and consumer expert. While most passengers are polite, she shared the ways holidaymakers can irritate cabin crew. Jane told Express.co.uk: “They do ask a lot of obvious questions. They always want to know where you are during the journey. “They’re the ones that actually have the flight tracker on their screen. I always thought, ‘Well I’ll just look out the window and tell you my thoughts on that'.” She added: “Something happens to some people when they go to an airport and they become unable to answer questions. “If you give them a choice on the aircraft like coffee or tea, often a lot of people will just go yes. You need a lot of patience!” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' on plane Jane added that sometimes passengers would ask her if the plane toilet was occupied even if the light was clearly showing someone was inside. As flight prices soar, many passengers opt to only bring hand luggage to save money on tickets. However, Jane issued a warning for passengers who might be tempted to overpack their luggage. She said: “If you can’t carry it, don’t bring it. It drives me nuts. I never carry when you can pull anyway.” The former flight attendant said passengers would often ask her to help lift their bag into the overhead locker. She told Express.co.uk: “But if you can’t lift it, I’m five foot two, I’m quite little, I was only just big enough to join the airline. “If they can’t lift their big bag into that overhead locker then how am I going to be able to do so?" Passengers should always check if they can lift their hand luggage bag before taking it to the airport. READ MORE: Jet2 boss slams 'ill-prepared’ airports for travel chaos Holidaymakers will need to be able to raise it above their head to put it into one of the overhead lockers. Jane also shared a tip for holidaymakers ahead of the peak summer holiday period. She advised passengers to stay seated when boarding starts rather than standing in a long queue. Jane said: “I never rush on, if you only have hand baggage. You’ve got this massive queue, haven’t you? “You could just waltz on at your leisure, when everyone’s gone. If you’ve been allocated a seat and you’ve only got hand luggage, then why bother?” Even if passengers don’t pay for a seat, the airline will usually allocate them one when they check in. This means there should be no rush to board the plane as passengers will just end up waiting longer on the plane. Airlines will normally call passengers in groups to make the boarding process more streamlined. Passengers who pay for speedy boarding will be allowed to board the plane first. Jane Hawkes shares tips and advice on her blog www.ladyjaney.co.uk. 