US President Joe Biden has visited Saudi Arabia this week in an effort to reassert American influence in the Middle East. He dismissed the growing influence of countries such as Iran, Russia and China in the region. Mr Biden added: “We will not walk away and leave a vacuum to be filled by China, Russia, or Iran. And we’ll seek to build on this moment with active, principled American leadership. “The United States is not going anywhere.” While Mr Biden says the US will remain active on the world stage, it appears some Americans wish he wasn't. In a New York Times/Siena College poll published this week, 64 percent of Democrats said they want someone other than Mr Biden to represent them in the 2024 presidential election. The top reason given was his age, with 33 percent saying this was their main concern. This was closely followed by his job performance (32 percent). Further down the list, 4 percent cited his ability to win, and 3 percent pointed to his mental acuity. At 79, he is already the oldest president in American history – should he win in 2024, he could be President right up until he is 86. The New York Times spoke to various Americans about their President, and some were more blunt than others. Nicole Farrier, a 38-year-old preschool teacher from Michigan, said: “I’m just going to come out and say it: I want younger blood. “I am so tired of all old people running our country. I don’t want someone knocking on death’s door.” Kelly King, a former factory worker from Indiana, criticised his handling of the cost of living crisis in the US. She said: “We used to spend $200 a week just going out to have fun, or going and buying extra groceries if we needed it, and now we can’t even do that. “We’re barely able to buy what we need. “I feel like he hasn’t really spoken much about it. He hasn’t done what I think he’s capable of doing as president to help the American people. “As a Democrat, I figured he would really be on our side and put us back on the right track. And I just feel like he’s not.” READ MORE: Joe Biden slams Trump for making ‘gigantic mistake’ in 2018 John Waldron, a retired Republican from the state of New York who voted for Mr Biden in 2020 said: “I thought he was going to do something for this country, but now he’s doing nothing.” Mr Biden's age has been under the microscope from the very start of his presidency. ABC reports that a White House official said aides “far younger” than Mr Biden “have to fight to keep up” with the President, who works late into the night and “never takes a day off, wherever he is.” They added that “we see him throw himself into the hardest parts of the job” noting that Mr Biden recently spent “hours comforting families” of victims of mass shootings in Buffalo, New York, and Uvalde, Texas. DON'T MISSBiden set to strengthen alliance against IranRussia TV reacts to Donald Trump Alaska rally with bizarre boastNASA's James Webb to unlock universe's earliest secrets TODAY The US President also came out fighting recently, saying his Democrat colleagues “want me to run.” One problem Mr Biden faces is that the young Democrats are not a fan. The Economist analysed the last month of surveys conducted on our behalf by YouGov, a pollster, and found that only 57 percent of Democrats under the age of 30 say they “somewhat” or “strongly” approve of the job Mr Biden is doing.