Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, looked fab as she stepped out alongside Prince Charles at BBC Wales' new Cardiff headquarters, enjoying a performance by the Mount Stuart Primary School choir. The Duchess wore a three quarter length dress in blue. The gown boasted little flecks of black and white. It cinched in her small waist and then gathered into pleats, falling below her knees. She paired the gown with a simple pair of nude kitten heels. READ MORE: Kate Middleton gives clothing a 'new lease of life' with one trick The Duchess' dress fastened at the front with a zip. She accessorised with the Van Cleef & Arpels Vintage Alhambra yellow-gold agate bracelet. This is retailed at Selfridges, so non-royals can also get their hands on this beautiful bracelet. However, the accessory is priced at an expensive £3,950. Describing the bracelet, which is made of 18ct gold and agate, Selfridges said: "Feeling lucky? Well you will be with this Vintage Alhambra bracelet from Van Cleef & Arpels by your side. "Designed with the brand’s first iconic Alhambra design – a four-leaf clover (that’s practically overflowing with luck) – each agate motif is bordered with delicate beading and linked on a fine-cable chain. "Handcrafted in yellow-gold, it will sit perfectly alongside the matching necklace while doubling your luck in the process…" Camilla went without the matching necklace today, but still looked chic and stylish. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures Her chosen bracelet perfectly matched the shade of her dress. The Duchess also appeared to be wearing a simple gold chain and another gold bracelet. Camilla opted for a pair of pearl drop earrings for a classic look. The Duchess re-wore a signature woven Bottega Veneta handbag in nude. The bag is reportedly worth £2220.40. In true Camilla style, the royal's kitten heels perfectly matched the colour of her handbag. As for hair and makeup, Camilla stunned with her signature do. She boasted a dark, smokey eye, a bold pink lip and a sweep of blush.