The Shadow Attorney-General appeared on Tuesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast where she faced a grilling from host Sally Nugent over Labour's Brexit U-turn. The debate came in the wake of the party's leader Sir Keir Starmer unveiling Labour's vision of Brexit as he ruled out any plans to take Britain back into the EU. Nugent savaged Thornberry on the matter and questioned how Britons would be able to trust the Labour Party. Nugent asked: "How do people watching this morning who are going to be voting in a general election in the coming years trust Labour when your position now is so very different, completely different, from the position you took two and a half years ago?"Thornberry squirmed: "What we did was we fought the referendum and we wanted to remain in the EU, we then had two general elections about the issue, particularly the last one, and we lost, we lost."We have to accept that and what people need to do is look at the Labour Party and think this is a pragmatic grown-up party which wants to be a party of government and will look at the problems we have in the eye and sort them out."She argued Labour has a plan and accused the Conservative Party of "floundering all over the place". READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? Nugent left the minister lost for words when she quoted Tory MP Jake Berry who has stated: "Keir Starmer has had more positions on Brexit than there are in the karma sutra." Nugent probed Thornberry: "What do you make of his comments?" The Labour politician replied: "I don't know what to say, I have told you what the position is. "The position is we fought a general election and we lost it as the country wanted to get Brexit done so Brexit has happened and we have left the EU and that is where we are now."  She stressed how Labour wants to make sure Brexit works, adding: "We can't just say, 'Oh well, the Government won and we must sit back and let them make a mess of our country.'" Stamer felt so strongly about the Brexit referendum six years ago that he resigned as a junior shadow minister under Jeremy Corbyn's leadership. He then spent four years campaigning to mitigate the result of the election and was a staunch remainer. However, his speech on Monday evening made clear his party will not soften the Prime Minister's hard Brexit deal or seek to reverse Brexit. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast backlash over Glastonbury coverage [REACTION]BBC Breakfast staff 'uneasy' over ‘hasty’ Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]BBC Breakfast’s Jon Kay issues apology for awkward blunder [MUST SEE]  Nugent continued to grill Thornberry on the subject, adding: "In reality, all of this conversation is irrelevant isn't it if Starmer ends up being fined by Durham Police for breaking lockdown rules?" Thornberry defiantly said the leader would not be fined as he has "not done anything wrong". The minister then praised Starmer for stating he would resign if police found he had broken the law. Many BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on Thornberry's responses to Nugent's questions.   Gregor Clark fumed: "#Labour is an absolute shambles. Thornberry on #bbcbreakfast defending the position that they won’t rejoin EU, Sarwar ‘no deals with the SNP’, Starmer trying to appear Tory-light to woo right-wing voters. Who should left-of-centre voters in England and Wales vote for? It’s not Labour." (sic) Magso added: "Emily Thornberry doesn't sound convincing. #BBCBreakfast." However, Jessica Jay penned: "@EmilyThornberry, please stand for leader." BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays from 6am on BBC One. 