Lorraine, 62, has been on screens for over three decades since she first became the Scotland correspondent for TV-am in 1984. Since then, she’s fronted her own ITV show and has become a key member of the broadcaster’s presenting team. Although she revealed a boss at the BBC had concerns about her career because of her strong accent. Lorraine has been a part of the ITV family for decades as has fronted her self-titled show since 2010. Although she’s become a well-known face on our screens, the Scottish presenter revealed one of her hold bosses told her she’d never make it in TV. Appearing on celebrity chef James Martin’s Saturday Morning cooking show with her daughter Rosie, Lorraine said she was told to have elocution lessons due to her strong accent. Introducing the topic, James said: “It’s quite interesting when you go back to your early career, I think it was one of the big bosses at BBC Scotland turned around and said you’d never make it?”   Agreeing, Lorraine said: “He said my accent was awful! My Glasgow accent and I’d have to go for elocution lessons. “I thought, well I can’t do that. You know, you just can’t, you can’t do that, that’s impossible! “With things like that, you either take that and go in a corner and cry, or you say ‘Right, I’m going to show you!’” James then revealed his cookery teacher told him he’d never be a chef.   Shocked at James’ confession, Lorraine replied: “That’s ridiculous! “But isn’t it good that you can go ‘nah nah ne nah nah.'” Lorraine, Rosie and James all burst into laughter as he said: “I do that quite regularly to be honest with you.” In the past, the 62-year-old has admitted her boss telling her she’d never be on TV because of her accent was the best thing he could have ever done.   Last year, the ITV host was speaking on Kate Thornton’s White Wine Question Time podcast where they were talking about certain ‘fork in the road’ moments throughout her life. Her daughter Rosie said her mum’s moment would be the man who told her she’d never be on telly. Lorraine said: “That’s right, that was before you were born! “But that was the best thing he could have ever done because the next day, there was a job going at TV-am as a reporter in Scotland, and I would never have had the nerve to apply for that job.”   She admitted after having that conversation with her boss, it pushed her to make a career move. Lorraine continued: “But I just thought, I’m going to have to do something because I’m never going to get to be a reporter if I stay here. “So I did that, I guess that sort of took me down another road, otherwise I might have stayed at BBC Scotland, and who knows what you would be doing!” Lorraine airs on ITV weekdays at 9am  