Diabetes comes in two forms, type 1 and type 2, and it's the latter affects the majority of the population. Where lifestyle is the cause, the condition may be reversible through weight loss. Certain drinks may also be best avoided to prevent blood sugar disturbances. Diabetes that is poorly managed can pave the way to several other cardiovascular complications, such as heart attack. Recent findings have highlighted that mental deterioration may also be connected to the disease. This is likely due to the fact that certain parts of the brain shrink rapidly in individuals with the condition. But fortunately, a healthy lifestyle can prevent the onset of the condition altogether. READ MORE: Diabetes: Healthy food that causes ‘rapid' spike in blood sugar The website Drink Aware explains: “Alcohol affects blood sugar levels each time it’s consumed, which means occasional drinkers can also be negatively affected.” Interestingly, while a moderate among of alcohol is linked to increases in blood sugar levels, an excess amount of alcohol have have a lowering effect. Sometimes, it can cause blood sugar to drop to dangerous levels, particularly for people with type 1 diabetes, according to WebMD. Certain types of alcohol, however, such as beer and sweet wine, contain carbohydrates, which may raise blood sugar levels. READ MORE: Diabetes: The tasty drink that can lower blood sugar The Health body Diabetes explains: “Some drinks, like beers, ales and ciders contain carbs and will increase your blood sugar levels initially. “Spirits, dry wines, and prosecco not so much, so these may be a better bet if you are concerned about the carbs in alcohol.” The effects of prolonged drinking are equally noticeable on blood sugar levels. As insulin secretion becomes progressively impaired over time, blood sugar levels are bound to rise. This is why over-drinking can also enhance diabetes-related complications in people who have the condition. These problems occur when drinking triggers an accumulation of acids in the blood. The eventual outcome of this is worsened disturbances in fat metabolism, nerve damage and eye disease. To avoid diabetes, and other diabetes-related complications, foods with a high glycemic index should be avoided where possible. “Moderate alcohol use is defined as one drink a day for women of all ages and men older than age 65, and up to two drinks a day for men age 65 and younger," according to the Mayo Clinic.