Amazon Prime Day kicks off this week, so expect plenty of money-saving discounts. This event always sees prices across almost every type of product on Amazon, including a number of the online retailer's own-brand devices, such as the Echo, Fire TV Stick and Kindle, seeing some of the biggest reductions. But as the name suggests, Prime Day is only available to Amazon Prime members, so you'll need to be signed up for the scheme to get access to any of the discounts. Fortunately, there is an Amazon Prime free trial available for anyone. Ahead of Prime Day, which starts on July 13, Amazon has already started to discount its smart speakers. A number of these Alexa-powered speakers now enjoy a discount of over 40 percent. Right now you can grab an Echo Dot for just £29 (saving 42%) or the Echo Dot with Clock for £39.99 (saving 33%). We've rounded up all of the best Echo Dot deals in a guide, so you can unlock the biggest savings! The official Prime Day sale starts tomorrow, July 12 and runs until midnight on July 13 and there's a neat trick to make sure you can bag a bargain for free. To participate in the Prime Day sale you need to have an Amazon Prime account. This usually costs £7.99 per month or £79 for the year but new customers can currently sign up and get 30 days of this subscription service without paying a penny. JOIN AMAZON PRIME FOR FREE HERE This means you can join today, take part in the big sale and then simply cancel before the free trial comes to an end. Of course, it's not just access to the sale event that you get as part of Prime as this service also offers movie and music streaming along with faster delivery with some products sent the same day. Prime also includes unlimited storage for your holiday snaps via Amazon Photos and you can share these benefits with other people in your home. “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.” Express.co.uk will be bringing you all the best deals from Amazon's Prime Day sale throughout the event so watch this space if you fancy picking up some decent discounts.