Richard E Grant has taken to Twitter to remember his late wife Joan Washington in a tear-jerking clip. The award-winning actor, 65, told how he had travelled to their cottage in the Cotswolds which was where Joan spent the final few months of her life before losing her battle with lung cancer last year. In view of his 306,000 followers, the Persuasion actor told how he had visited his cottage which held a special place in his heart. Sitting in his garden, Richard told his fans: "Unexpected day off filming and scrambled down to the Cotswolds to the cottage that my wife and I spent the last few months of her life in. "Now it's obviously emotional being here, it's incredibly calm and restorative surrounded by all the things we planted together which have just grown like mad in this glorious summer. "Grateful for the 38 years we had together," he smiled at the camera. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts bottom on full show in racy starfish bikini The star signed off: "Have a great weekend." Following Richard's clip, his followers took to the comments to weigh in on his emotional moment. Twitter user @emerpatten replied: "Bittersweet and beautiful x." While @Sean_Boon implored the star to share more details about the plants and flowers which have bloomed in his garden. "So nice to see you smiling. More pictures of what’s grown please!" they wrote. @paulscoins commented: "So lovely Richard. Your memories always enrich my day." It comes after the Loki actor made a "bittersweet" visit to a restaurant he used to go to with Joan. The star was faced with the “bittersweet” moment of asking for a table for one upon his return to a restaurant he would often visit with Joan while on holiday. DON'T MISS... John Cleese talks being careless with money after £12m divorce [INSIGHT]Gary Oldman, 64, puts on loved-up display with wife Gisele Schmidt [ANALYSIS]Amanda Holden, 51, stuns as she STRIPS down to tiny black bikini [UPDATE] He took to Twitter to share a video speaking to the camera while sporting a summery outfit of a shirt and hat. Richard captioned the video: “Bitter sweet solo return to a holiday restaurant frequented together for three decades. “Irresistible nostalgia and simultaneous heart wrench. It’s Friday! Weather is glorious!! Life is for living !!!” In the video, an emotional Richard highlighted that despite his “new reality” he was “full of happiness.” He said: “It is very memory-charged. It is bittersweet when you arrive and say 'table for one please'. “The new reality. But it's Friday and I have a pocket full of happiness.” Joan sadly died last year following a battle with lung cancer. Richard and Joan met in the eighties when she was working as a voice coach and they had one daughter together, Olivia, while Richard became stepfather to Joan’s son, Tom.