Before the chaos of the last week began with multiple ministerial resignations and plans by Tory MPs to change the rules to oust their leader, a senior minister told Express.co.uk that the frustrations with Boris over policy came from a regular insult “hitting home.” The minister said: “He is terrified of being called the British Trump.” According to the minister, who was one to stick by him. it was the comparisons with Trump because of the Brexit link which stayed his hand on truly Conservative measures. When he looked at major business friendly tax cuts, or scrapping human rights, or really tackling the migrant crisis it would “affect his judgement”. Speeches by ministers were cancelled or indefinitely postponed “because he was afraid it would make him look like Trump.” The minister added: “I wish actually he was more like Trump, then the backbenchers and our voters would have been much happier and we would have been doing the things we were voted in to do.” Yet as the extraordinary events played out on a mad Wednesday, with virtually every MP with the exception of Culture Secretary Nadeen Dorries telling him to quit, it became clear that Boris Johnson was in danger of becoming Britain’s Donald Trump in a mirror of the American President's obstinacy in not accepting when the game was up. In a way we should not be surprised that he is still relatively beloved stateside recently topping a poll of international leaders among US voters as the foreign leader they would like in the White House. Perhaps the cowboy style of politics, shooting from the hip, goes down well there, as does the big personality. But  today it has certainly lost its sparkle in Britain. But we all remember a recent example of a leader who intially refused to accept the inevitable and quit. READ MORE: Battle for Downing Street: Sunak and Mordaunt fight to be PM After the 2020 election which Joe Biden won, Donald Trump refused to go. He said he was cheated and that the election had been rigged. And he had plenty of supporters, some of whom infamously marched on the Congress Capital Building. But here we had the “British Trump” as angry MPs were already dubbing him last night. He was claiming the 2019 election gave him a mandate and refusing to accept that he had to shift. In the end though it appears that Tory MPs will not have to drag him out of Downing Street kicking and screaming. DON'T MISS Boris Johnson RESIGNS as he's forced to quit after mass Tory revolt [REVEAL] It's the end for Boris - whether he accepts it or not DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Who do YOU want to see as the new PM? VOTE NOW [REACT] We came close to this in 2010 when a defeated Gordon Brown refused to leave. Fortunately, his wife Sarah led him by the arm and he went out with dignity. But the message to Express.co.uk last night from a source close to the Prime Minister made it plain he planned to stay whatever. "The  PM has a mandate from 14 million people to get a job done. "He’s very conscious of his commitment to them. "If the party wants to stop him they have to take that mandate away. "He has called Graham Brady’s bluff. "All Graham could say is that there will be an election on Monday. "A new 1922 committee on Tuesday COULD change the rules - but it’s not a given. "The party COULD then demand a re-run of the no-confidence vote - but not a given. "And the party COULD then decide to ditch the PM -but not a given. "But the choice is not Boris or no Boris. "The choice is a Conservative Government with a new chancellor who will soon outline a new economic programme (of tax cuts, deregulation and the benefits of Brexit). "Or three months of tearing each other apart. "To elect a leader with no mandate which would prompt the opposition to demand an election which the Conservatives would lose to a coalition of chaos (lib, lab and nats) who would break up Britain and leave Conservatives out of power for a long time." It was a message of defiance and one which showed like Mr Trump the Prime Minister would not accept defeat. By this morning calm and reason appeared to have been restored and now we await the formal resignation announcement. But like Trump, Boris remains though a man who believes in his destiny and once as a child fantasised about being King of the World. He has major achievements to his name and probably feels unfairly treated. After all he got Brexit done, took the country through a pandemic and led the world in taking on Russia in Ukraine. This all makes it difficult to accept that his errors of judgement over Partygate or Chris Pincher and his timidity on policy have seen him effectively thrown out of office. By going today Boris Johnson may still be remembered for the great things he did and not like a petulant former President from across the Atlantic.