WhatsApp fans can now access a bunch of upgrades with the Meta-owned firm pushing out some major changes to its popular app. All of these bonus features, which include upgrades to Group Chats and improvements to the way responses are sent, are available now on both iOS and Android and here's everything that's new. Bigger Groups Chats Until recently you could only add 256 people to a Group Chat but that's all changed. WhatsApp has now upgraded things with a whopping 512 people now able to join a conversation. It's a huge upgrade although you might need to switch off those message notifications if everyone starts talking at once. To check if your WhatsApp has been upgraded, simply start a new Group Chat and then check the "Add Participants" setting at the top of the screen. If you see 0/512 you know that you have an up-to-date version of the app. Improved Group Voice Calls WhatsApp has made some major changes to its Group Voice Calls which include notifications when someone joins a chat. From now on a message will appear stating “(person's name) joined the call” so participants know exactly who is listening in. WhatsApp has also added the option to mute users taking part in a call which should stop background noise from accidentally interfering with a chat. Finally, you can now also message participants during a group voice call. So, if you need to quickly message just one person in the group, you can now seamlessly do so without missing out on the conversation. Send larger files You can now send bigger files within WhatsApp and all still protected by end-to-end encryption. Until recently, users could only attach files that were a 100MB in size but that's now been boosted to a more generous 2GB. This means it will now be much easier to send videos and large files across the WhatsApp network. Explaining more, WhatsApp said: "You can now send files within WhatsApp up to 2GB in size at a time, protected by end-to-end encryption. This is an increase from the previous limit of 100MB and we think will be helpful for collaboration." Reactions This change is similar to what Apple offers via its iMessage platform with WhatsApp users now able to quickly overlay emojis on each chat bubble. That means you can add qick thumbs up or love heart to a message rather than typing a reply. "We’re excited to share that emoji reactions are now available on the latest version of the app," the firm added. "Reactions are fun, fast, and they reduce overload in groups too. We’ll continue improving them by adding an even broader range of expressions in the future. "We hope people enjoy these updates and look forward to sharing more throughout the year."