The most common ant in the UK is the black ant, which tend to invade homes and get into food items. With warmer weather on its way and ant colonies looking for somewhere to nest, it is important to keep ants away from your property. To help, fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning Facebook pages to share their top tips on how to get rid of ants. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get rid of ants in her kitchen and points of entry around the home. Pauline Wainwright wrote: “How can I get rid of ants coming in the back doorstep and in kitchen cupboards?” Ants can be a nuisance in the home, especially around food and drink in the kitchen. They are known to enter people’s homes in search of food and water during warm spells, and the kitchen is the most attractive place for them to go. READ MORE: Use apple juice trick to get rid of ants - tips for flying ant day Crumbs of sugary food, seeds and grains are all enjoyed by these hungry insects, and the sink is yet another inviting place for them to visit. Getting rid of ants in your property for good is no easy task, but there are a few remedies you can try according to Mrs Hinch fans. With over 300 comments on the post, the majority of cleaning enthusiasts recommended using white vinegar to deter ants. Cathi Marceau said: “I cleaned them out of my cupboard and counter, then sprayed with vinegar and water on all of their entrance trails. They’ve never come back.” DON'T MISS: Common watering ‘mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when watering garden plants [EXPERT]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [TIPS]Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT] Linda Stevens commented: “I use white vinegar and water. Let it stand for two weeks. “Best ant killer going and all natural. If you don't have the vinegar, orange peel and water works but you have to spray a few times.” Raymond Ali suggested: “A good solution of half water and half vinegar sprayed onto surfaces and wiped dry should work. After about a month you should see a big difference.” Yvonne Mathers advised: “Wash with vinegar, might smell for a couple of days but there’ll be no sight of ants after a week and will keep the away for good.” READ MORE: How to clean your mattress and ‘kill’ dust mites using baking soda Alison Parker instructed: “Make up a spray bottle of white vinegar, the ants will be gone in no time.” Christine Leary said: “White vinegar is way cheaper than ‘proper’ ant powder and it works.” Susan Lord added: “They hate vinegar so use a water and vinegar spray on them.” White vinegar is a great cheap option to get rid of ants, with many households already having the item in their cupboards. It can be picked up for as little as 29p in supermarkets such as Asda and Tesco. Sarah Fishburne, director of trend and design at Home Depot said: “Straight white vinegar makes a great ant spray. “You can saturate ant trails to kill on contact, or spray counters and other areas and either wipe up after a few minutes or allow the treatment to dry in place. “The acid in vinegar kills ants and disrupts their scent trails, making it harder for more ants to follow the path.”