Elvis Presley lived in Tennessee before he passed in 1977, in a mansion which is now open to the public as a museum. Graceland is the mansion Elvis resided in, situated on a 13.8 acre estate in Memphis. The home was inherited by Elvis’ daughter, Lisa, after his death. Graceland is located at 3764 Elvis Presley Boulevard in the Whitehaven neighbourhood. It is situated around 10 miles south of central Memphis and less than four miles north of the Mississippi border. Whitehaven is a residential area primarily known for Elvis’ home. The estate includes Graceland Mansion, museums displaying the singer’s cars and clothes as well as a plaza with souvenir shops. READ MORE: How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes There are also Elvis-themed diners and restaurants in the area. Graceland Mansion was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1991, becoming its first site recognised for significance related to rock and roll. In 2006, it was declared a National Historic Landmark. It is also the most-visited privately owned home in America, attracting more than 500,000 visitors a year. DON'T MISS:Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid [COMMENT]How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [INSIGHT]Best time to water plants - ‘remember the basics’ [EXPERT] Elvis and his family relocated to Memphis when he was 13 years old, beginning his music career in 1954. He recorded at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips. Elvis purchased his home in 1957, after searching for a home that could give him the privacy he needed. With a population of 633,104 at the 2020 US census, Memphis is the second-most popular city in Tennessee, after Nashville. READ MORE: How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ The city is home to a major professional sports team as well as the Memphis Pyramid, Sun Studio and the Stax Museum of American Soul Music. It is also thought to have affordable housing and good schools. According to Zillow, an American-based real estate agent, the typical price of homes in Memphis is $153,894 (£128,410). Graceland was once part of a 500-acre farm before Elvis purchased it. Before moving to the city, the singer lived in Tupelo, Mississippi. He was born in a two-room shack which is open for visitors to this day. The house is only part of the grounds at the Mississippi Historic Site, which also has a small museum, events centre and the Assembly of God Church where the Presley family worshipped. The church was moved there from its original site. Even though Elvis left Tupelo as a young teen, he returned in 1956 to perform a benefit for the city, and again a year later to raise money to build a youth Center and park. While the area may be most famous as the birthplace of Elvis, it also has a number of other attractions. This includes the Tupelo Buffalo Park & Zoo and the Natchez Trace Parkway. The rock and roll singer died at his Memphis home on August 16, 1977, at the age of 42.