Columnist Daniela Elser claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020, hold an "increasingly irrelevant position" in the US. Ms Elser added that the couple appears to be "struggling to cement a public identity and a purpose". The royal commentator claimed Harry and Meghan are "good at talking about their ambitions" but when it gets to "the doing" they have "already moved on to their next cause". Ms Elser's comments come after Prince William yesterday announced he was taking his Earthshot Prize awards ceremony to Boston later this year. Writing in news.com.au, she said: "And for the Sussexes, having William and Kate descend and looking positively regal, having them launching their global, world-changing campaign while the White House and Hollywood clamours to join them, will only drive home the nebulous and increasingly irrelevant position they occupy in American life. "Not only have Harry and Meghan seemed to struggle to actually turn out the content they have been paid to make but they also seem to be struggling to cement a public identity and a purpose. "The problem is that no matter how charismatic they might be, they cannot coast along on their titles forever. "What has become clear is that they are stupendously good at talking about their ambitions and what they hope to do. "But then, when we get to the next logical step – the doing – well, the couple has already moved on to their next cause." Harry and Meghan have set up home in Montecito after stepping back as working royals in March 2020. READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted for 'mouthing off' about US politics The couple's post-Megxit careers include a lucrative deal with streaming giant Netflix with the Sussexes reportedly filming an "at-home" docuseries. Meanwhile, the Duke of Cambridge on Wednesday revealed the awards ceremony for his Earthshot Prize will be held in the US city of Boston in December. The venue for the £50million global environmental competition was widely anticipated. However it remains to be seen if the Sussexes will be among the guests when the event is staged. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry spotted leaving swanky New York restaurantHarry defended after Duke mocked for speech to almost empty roomWilliam is 'revved up' to 'enter the American market' unlike Harry Once-close brothers William and Harry have been at the centre of an ongoing rift. The inaugural awards ceremony for the Earthshhot Prize was held at London's Alexandra Palace last October. William and Kate dazzled as they walked down the "green carpet" at the event. The winners in five categories - Protect And Restore Nature; Clean Our Air, Revive Our Oceans; Build A Waste-Free World; and Fix Our Climate - were presented with £1 million in prize money. The future King's ambitious initiative is aimed at finding ways to save the planet. Over the 10-year cycle of the awards, £50 million will be awarded to individuals, charities and even countries for the winners to develop their ideas. William was inspired by former US president John F Kennedy's Moonshot project which set scientists the challenge of placing an astronaut on the moon and returning him safely. The John F Kennedy Library Foundation, alongside the City of Boston and its mayor Michelle Wu, will be host partners of this year's Earthshot Prize ceremony. 