The news comes as Russia is alleged to have suffered staggering losses in personnel since the start of the war. Reports by Ukrainian sources now place the total estimated number of Russian deaths at 37,740, figures that Moscow strongly contests. The latest report by the MoD makes for grim reading for Russian hopes of completing its so-called “special operation” in Ukraine.  Speaking of the need to recruit more personnel, the report states: “Russian Armed Forces’ personnel shortages may be forcing the Russian MoD to turn to non-traditional recruitment. “This includes recruiting personnel from Russian prisons for the Wagner Private Military Company. “If true, this moves likely indicates difficulties in replacing the significant numbers of Russian casualties.”  With the war intensifying across eastern Ukraine, the MoD suggest Moscow is making limited progress on the path to completing its mission goals. The report states: “Russian troops continue to make small incremental territorial gains in Donetsk Oblast with Russia claiming to have seized control of the town of Hryhorivka. “Russian forces also continue their assault along the E-40 main supply route towards the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk. “Russian forces are likely maintaining military pressure on Ukrainian forces whilst regrouping and reconstituting for further offensives in the near future.”  READ MORE:EU forced to revise economic summer prediction as bloc faces threats  Western supply of more accurate weapons has started to demonstrate more effective results against Russian forces by Ukrainian defences, as the tide of the war appears to be turning again. Aside from the huge alleged numbers of lives lost, Russia has suffered major blows to its military hardware arsenal. With the war fast approaching five months long, Russia is said to have lost 217 fixed-wing aircraft, 188 rotary-wing aircraft and 1,649 tanks. Furthermore, Moscow has seen nearly 4,000 armoured personnel carriers destroyed, and 2,700 support and fuel vehicles joining the mounting piles of burning wreckage. On the waters, Russia has also seen 15 vessels rendered obsolete, including the Black Sea fleet flagship, the Moskva. DON'T MISS:US on alert: Iran President to meet Putin after deal to supply drones [REPORT]Albania poised to green-light new NATO naval base [REVEAL]Ministry of Defence compares latest Russian kit to tractors [INSIGHT]  Russia has been accused of a host of war crimes since the start of the conflict, with a recent missile strike on an apartment block now said to have claimed 34 lives. Ukraine for its part has laid claim to a missile strike on a Russian ammunition dump near Kherson. The Ukrainian military’s southern command said a rocket strike targeted the depot in Russian-held Nova Kakhovka, about 35 miles east of the Black Sea port city of Kherson, which is also occupied by Russian forces. The precision of the strike suggested Ukrainian forces used US-supplied multiple-launch High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems, or HIMARS, to hit the area, the Associated Press reported. Ukraine indicated in recent days it might launch a counter-offensive to reclaim territory in the country’s south as Russia devotes resources to capturing all of the eastern Donbas regions.  Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story Russia’s Tass news agency has vehemently denied the account of the blast in Nova Kakhovka, saying a mineral fertiliser storage facility exploded, and that a market, hospital and houses were damaged in the strike. A satellite photo taken Tuesday and analysed by the Associated Press showed significant damage. A massive crater stood precisely where a large warehouse-like structure once stood in the city. The delivery of HIMARS rockets is largely thought to be the key to holding back Russian advances, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky asking for more weapons faster in order to defend against Russian advances. Furthermore, Mr Zelensky has said he is looking to muster a one-million-strong army of soldiers in order to push back and reclaim some of the land lost to Russian forces.  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Security and Defence News