Andrew Lownie has spent five years battling the Cabinet Office to open the archives, at a personal cost of £460,000 in legal fees. While he has been successful in getting most of the 35,000 pages of diaries and letters from the royal couple’s life, some remain redacted on privacy or diplomatic grounds. The royal author believes the Government has spent four times what he has in legal challenges to stop the archives from being published. The Mountbatten family sold the papers to the University of Southampton in 2011 for a reported £2.8million. After the archive had supposedly been bought for the nation, Mr Lownie attempted to access them for research on a new book, but was refused by the university. According to Private Eye, the papers had been “closed” by the Cabinet Office – despite being studied by authors and researchers before being bought by the institution. READ MORE: Royal secrets could soon be exposed as MPs support opening diaries Archivists and mandarins reportedly feared that the diaries, including references to India and Pakistan – two nations which Lord Mountbatten oversaw the partition of as Viceroy – could hurt diplomatic relations. Some of the papers were said to include references to Lady Mountbatten’s thoughts on Pandit Nehru, the first prime minister of an independent India, with whom she had a close relationship, and Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan. But Dr Lownie’s lawyers argued that diary entries of Lady Mountbatten’s, in which she describes Jinnah as “megalomaniac and pathological”, had already been referred to by biographies dating back to 1991. The royal historian said: “It is hard to believe that references in a private diary 75 years ago would damage relations with other countries.” After the Information Commissioner ordered the archive to be shown to Dr Lownie in 2019, Southampton University refused and appealed to a tribunal. Before the Government and the university pushed for a full tribunal in November last year, it dumped 99 percent of the archive online without announcing it last summer. The tribunal then reportedly focussed on redactions that revealed “personal information about the Queen”, which are protected under privacy law. Speaking to the Mirror on Saturday, Dr Lownie argued that “the only reason I can think of is that there is a reference to a lover of Prince Philip. DON'T MISSUkraine ‘has given Putin bloody nose’ with more than 100,00 casualties [REPORT]The best warships in the world COMPARED – how they fare against Russia [ANALYSIS]MI6 boss exposes crisis for 'desperate' Putin - 1000s of troops dead [REVEAL] “The relationship between Lady Mountbatten and Nehru is well known.” The Mountbattens were known to have an open relationship, and Lady Mountbatten courted many lovers through their marriage. Historians differ on whether she had a sexual relationship with Nehru, but Philip Ziegler, an author who previously accessed the archive, wrote: “If there was any physical element it can only have been of minor importance to either party.” Dr Lownie added: “What I do know is that members of the royal household have been in on meetings and copied in on correspondence about the case.” Buckingham Palace directed the Mirror to the Cabinet Office when asked to comment. Having sunk his life savings into battling the Government to open a public archive to the public, there are now growing calls for his costs to be repaid. Lord Owen, a former Labour Foreign Secretary, described it as “a grotesque abuse of public money” while Dr Lownie crowdfunds for his costs. Maurice Frankel, of the Campaign for Freedom of Information, commented: “Andrew Lownie’s costs are unbelievable while the public is paying the bills for the university and the Cabinet Office.” The Cabinet Office said its costs fighting the legal battle would be published in due course, stating that the information kept private “includes personal data relating to living individuals”. When asked to comment, a Southampton University spokesperson said: “We have always aimed to make public as much of the archive as possible and we are very happy with the tribunal’s decision which substantially found that the university made the right decisions in balancing its legal obligations. “More than 99.8 percent of the archive, which consists of some 4,500 boxes, is publicly available and accessed regularly by researchers globally as an invaluable historic resource.”