Nick Kyrgios had the BBC commentators in stitches during his third-round Wimbledon match with Stefanos Tsitsipas. Andrew Cotter and Pat Cash were laughing as Kyrgios ranted about a lack of towels during the blockbuster clash. Kyrgios was seen at the end of the sixth game in the first set chuntering away to himself before looking up at directing his anger at the Umpire. Cotter, who was commentating for BBC, said: “He's moaning to nobody at all there, that's just to the demons. I mean he's playing well at the moment so there's nothing for him to be disgruntled about. One thing, he hasn't taken the break point opportunities. Is he wondering where the fans are?” Cash interrupted. “No, it'll be the towels or the bananas or something,” to which Cotter agreed. “Yeah it's towels, and they arrive just as he walks away. Well, the towels are there now, so everything is fine.” Cash added: “Yeah, that will last about one point." The Australian also called Kyrgios a 'joke' about his serving. He said: "He doesn't mess around does he? It's about 30 seconds between serves. It's a joke." JUST IN: Katie Boulter's Wimbledon dream crushed as Brit losses to Tan Cotter also believes that should he defeat Tsitsipas, Kyrgios could enjoy a very successful Wimbledon.“The draw is really opening up for a lot of players on both of the women's and men's sides to have a deep run,” he said. “I wonder if Nick Kyrgios could have a real chance if he's dialled in.” The Australian wowed the Wimbledon crowd with his outrageous shots against Tsitsipas. His between-the-legs serve impressed the crowd, at which the commentators suggested he would do that at match point. Kyrgios wasted no time playing up to the crowd when he tried a tweener midway through the fourth game. Tsitsipas had miss-hit a forehand and Kyrgios appeared to know it was going long as he moved the racket behind his back and hit the ball through his legs. DON'T MISS  Kyrgios has had a love-hate relationship with his opponent Tsitsipas, as the pair often FaceTime each other in the middle of the night. Tsitsipas said. “Nick, he is the black sheep of the ATP," Tsitsipas said earlier this year. "He likes to do unpredictable stuff. He likes attention, let’s not refute that. And that’s totally normal. There is nothing wrong with that. “He has his own personality, which turns out, some people love it. A lot of people hate it and don’t understand it. But there are some people that are so into it. I think it’s totally fine and our sport needs that. It’s entertainment. It’s fun. It’s something unique and special that not many players have. I wouldn’t say we share a very close friendship but he does FaceTime me from time to time, at complete random times. Sometimes 1am. I don’t get it.” Kyrgios was fined £8,211 after admitting he spat in the direction of a fan during his second-round victory over Brit Paul Jubb.