Season five of Yellowstone will pit John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) against one another like never before. John’s adoptive son has gone against the Dutton Ranch ever since he reconnected with his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton). But after some scheming and blackmailing from sister Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly), Jamie felt forced that the only to ensure his own safety was to kill his dad. Beth gave Jamie a handful of options on how to redeem himself in the eyes of the Duttons after she discovered her brother knew about his biological father’s involvement in the murderous ambushes which rocked the Dutton family in season three. Luckily, John, Beth and Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) all survived the ambushes orchestrated by Garrett but when Jamie discovered the truth, he kept the revelation a secret. Beth’s hatred for her brother was already at boiling point so when she confronted him with the choice that he’d either face the wrath of law enforcement or - arguably worse - Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser), Jamie took the decision to shoot his dad to redeem himself. Beth caught him in the act of dumping the body, however, and snapped a photo which John could now use to manipulate his adoptive son going forward into season five. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Jamie and Beth team up Now, John actor Kevin has appeared to shut down any suggestion that John and Jamie will eventually patch things up in the new series. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, the interviewer asked Kevin what he’d like to see happen between John and Jamie. She asked if his adoptive son could fall into the Dutton leader’s “good graces” again. “Probably the show would end,” Kevin replied with a chuckle, seemingly shutting down the potential storyline. He continued: “You know, there would be nothing to play against. “I don’t like drama in my own life personally, I don’t like it. “Some people seem to thrive on drama and I don’t really like it so my dysfunctional family really disturbs me. “We’re not always privy to where the story is going, honestly.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth Dutton jailed for murder'Torn calf muscles’ Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser details filming injury1883’s Faith Hill opens up on Yellowstone filming struggles While Kevin is none the wiser as to how showrunner Taylor Sheridan will end Yellowstone, it appears that for now, a Jamie and John reconciliation is some way off. Filming has already commenced in Montana on the fifth run as well so it sounds like Kevin won’t be in many a happy scene opposite co-star Wes any time soon. There’s also the fact that John blindsided Jamie and dashed his dream of becoming Governor of Montana. John took everyone by surprise when he was endorsed by current Governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz) as a candidate. But will Jamie really allow himself to be blackmailed and manipulated by John and Beth - despite the damning evidence on her phone? Or will he find a way to escape their clutches and get rid of the photo which implicates him in his dad’s murder? Fans will have to wait until season five drops later this year to see exactly what the future holds for the Dutton family. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA, while seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.