Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has hit back at Gary Neville after the former Manchester United full-back mocked Liverpool fans getting duped by Mohamed Salah’s contract renewal. Neville insisted that Salah had “played” the Anfield faithful before announcing his new three-year contract, which Carragher then referenced as he mocked United’s scouting system. Salah’s agent Ramy Abbas Issa tweeted a cryptic emoji an hour before his client’s new £350,000-a-week contract was announced, as Liverpool fans were angered at the idea of another stumbling block in negotiations, but the ruse was revealed when he and the club’s Twitter account were in on the joke as Salah signed the dotted line. Neville issued his verdict on Saturday. "Salah has played them hasn't he,” the Sky Sports pundit wrote, adding a winking emoji to his message. Carragher then responded to Neville by referencing a tweet that slammed United’s scouting system after several of their targets played under new boss Erik ten Hag at Ajax. Carragher wrote: “Ten Hag has played them hasn’t he,” in a jibe towards his Monday Night Football partner, adding two laughing emojis and a wink. Carragher was responding to a tweet from author Simon Kuper, who claimed that the Red Devils’ reported targets of Frenkie de Jong, Jurrien Timber, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia are indicative of a club that “doesn’t have a scouting system of its own that takes seriously.” United are close to sealing a move for Malacia, after gazumping Lyon for the left-back. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee Ten Hag’s side have also agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, as the two clubs finally came to an agreement on a fee of £56million plus add-ons, while they have reportedly made a bid of £35m plus a further £4.3m in add-ons for Martinez, and another of the Ajax contingent Timber has been of interest to United this summer. Liverpool by contrast made Darwin Nunez their top target to replace Sadio Mane this summer and beat United to the £85m signing, and have also completed deals for youngsters Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay in addition to renewing Salah’s contract. DON'T MISSTottenham ridiculed over Richarlison transfer as new signing compared to Teemu PukkiChelsea owner Todd Boehly told to 'overpay' for Raphinha transfer alternativeLisandro Martinez 'a big fan of Arsenal ideas' as details emerge amid Man Utd fight After ending his long-standing contract dispute, Salah expressed his delight at the deal. "I feel great and [I am] excited to win trophies with the club," the 30-year-old said. "It’s a happy day for everyone. "It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going [upwards]. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season, we lost two trophies. "I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again.”