When it comes to dieting, millions of people who share a sweet-tooth find it very difficult to give up one thing - chocolate. It's rich in compounds that make people feel good when eating it, but too much can cause weight gain due to it being high in added sugar. The reason it can become addictive is due to the multitude of feel-good compounds within, but self-confessed chocaholic Dr Michael Mosley revealed how he keeps his own consumption at bay. So how does he do it? He simply removes all temptation. While discussing the New 5:2 diet during an appearance on Studio 10 in 2019, he revealed: "I keep it out of the house." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake He acknowledged it's easier for him to do so as his wife, GP Clare Mosley, isn't a fan. "My wife has no sweet-tooth," he laughed. "She writes all the recipes. "I know it's there but I go sneaking around looking for it and never find it."  DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Mosley gets his chocolate cravings when he becomes hungry. But instead of reaching for the snack cupboard, people can curb these hunger pangs but ensuring their fridges are stocked with healthy protein treats. He said: "On this diet plan, even though you should aim to stick to 800 to 900 calories per day in the initial weight-loss phase, you can include extra protein into your diet on hungry days without fear of compromising your weight-loss success. "It's far better than giving in to a craving and reaching for a pastry, a chocolate bar or a packet of crisps." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Thierry Muret, executive chef chocolatier at Godiva, explained why chocolate can become additive. He said: "In the cocoa beans, you have dopamine, phenylethylamine, caffeine, and anandamide. "Anandamide is actually a happy neurotransmitter in your brain; it’s called the bliss molecule. "So the anandamide makes you feel blessed, makes you feel happy, makes you feel good." He explained it's "naturally in your brain", but is only active for a short period of time. "It seems that when you eat dark chocolate, you retain those anandamides longer and the caffeine is giving you energy," he told The Manual. According to studies, dark chocolate has typically about half the sugar of milk chocolate and contains less (or no) milk. As it has a higher percentage of cacao, it has more fibre, minerals and antioxidants, too.