Heatstroke describes a condition triggered by the overheating of your body. Usually caused by prolonged exposure, or physical exertion, in high temperatures, heatstroke requires emergency treatment. If left untreated, this condition could “quickly” damage your brain, heart, kidneys and muscles. The UK is currently seeing high temperatures, with the forecast promising even more scorching heat. However, sun and heat are not just about fun as it’s also important to stay safe and reduce your risk of serious problems like heatstrokes. A spokesperson from LloydsPharmacy said: “The MET Office has issued an amber weather warning for extreme heat across the UK this weekend, with temperatures potentially reaching a record high of 43 degrees, leaving millions of people at risk of sunstroke. “As we enjoy the sunshine and spend more time outdoors, it’s important to remind ourselves of the key symptoms to look out for and stay aware.” READ MORE: Covid: The peculiar symptom that may be making a comeback - doctors reporting 'uptick'  From fever to headache, there are plenty of signs to warn you about your body struggling with the heat. According to LloydsPharmacy, the “first” signs of heatstroke include: The pharmacy advises to act quickly if you're experience these signs to prevent serious illness. They said: “There are many methods to treat heatstroke, but it’s key to keep your body cool, stay hydrated and call 999 if you are not feeling better.” Fortunately, heatstrokes are usually preceded by heat exhaustion. According to the NHS, this can present with signs including sweating, being very thirsty and having cramps in the legs. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) shares that if someone is showing symptoms of heat exhaustion, they need to be cooled down. READ MORE: Dementia: The common vitamin deficiency associated with a more than 50% higher risk The health agency recommends: However, there’s also plenty you can do to avoid serious health problems in the hot weather in the first place. LloydsPharmacy said: “To avoid falling ill during the hot weather, keep hydrated and stock up on electrolytes, avoid extreme exercise and excessive alcohol consumption, keep your body temperate cool and of course, protect your skin using a strong SPF.” From staying cool indoors to drinking plenty of fluids, the UKSHA also shares some useful tips for staying safe in extreme heat. It advises: The agency warns that there are excess deaths during hot weather periods each year so it’s important to take precautions.