Rio Ferdinand has described incoming Manchester United Christian Eriksen as a ‘squad player’, a comment which is likely to upset the Denmark international. The 30-year-old has reportedly verbally agreed to a three-year deal at Old Trafford and should join the club officially in the coming days. Eriksen drew support from across the footballing world after he collapsed from a cardiac arrest suffered during Denmark’s game against Finland at Euro 2020. He was fitted with a personal defibrillator after the incident which forced him to leave Inter Milan, with Italian rules preventing those with internal devices from playing. He later made a miraculous return to top-flight football with Brentford during the second half of the season, scoring once. Only Kevin de Bruyne and Martin Odegaard created more chances in the Premier League than the Dane after he made his return. However, this has not stopped Ferdinand from talking down Eriksen’s expected arrival at Old Trafford. “I think Christian Eriksen is a squad player,” the 43-year-old said in his Vibe with FIVE YouTube series. “He doesn’t come as a starter, I would be very surprised if he comes to Manchester United as a starter. JUST IN: Man Utd 'meet asking price' for Lisandro Martinez as Ten Hag bids to end Arsenal battle “I think he’ll come in and play a particular role in and around it. The position he is likely to occupy will be similar to Bruno Fernandes and I don’t see him taking him out of the team. “Can you play both? Yes, but then have you got the person defensively behind them to be able to mop things up and secure things behind them? I question that.” Despite these comments, he did concede that Eriksen would bring something to the United side, praising the creative midfielder’s technical quality. "There are a lot of positives with him because I think he is a fantastic technician with fantastic ability but if he’s coming to be someone who fills in here and there, I can see that. “Man United fans are anticipating big names coming in the door.” DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPMan Utd make Paulo Dybala transfer intervention after Cristiano Ronaldo hammer blowMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsLisandro Martinez copies Antony with transfer plea as Ajax refuse Man Utd and Arsenal bids New United boss Erik ten Hag may have seen something different in the midfielder’s ability than Ferdinand, having let the player join Ajax training while he was attempting to come back from his cardiac arrest. This previous work alongside the Danish international may have been what convinced him to make a move. The Red Devils have yet to get properly going in the transfer market with left-back Tyrell Malacia the only fresh face coming in. The club have been heavily linked with a range of different names including Frenkie de Jong, Lisandro Martinez and Antony but are yet to officially announce any of them. United fans will be excited by Eriksen’s expected arrival and will hope that the former Tottenham man will become one of many new names to join the club. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt