Prince Harry travelled home to the UK for his late grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral last April while Meghan Markle was advised not to attend due to her being heavily pregnant at the time. The 40-year-old Duchess of Sussex chose not to attend the service alongside her husband, instead opting to remain in the US. Despite the Queen being thankful to have her family by her side on the sad day of the funeral, royal commentator Rebecca English cited her sources as noting the 96-year-old monarch was "glad" that there was "minimal" fuss because of the Duchess opting out. In response to the claims in Tom Bower's latest book about the Queen's reaction to Meghan not being at the funeral, Ms English told Palace Confidential: "In fairness to Bower and the book, I'd heard similar sentiments about a year ago. "I have to say, not in an aggressive way towards Meghan but more in a way that, you know she was glad that the, kind of, fuss around the day of her husband's funeral was just a bit more minimal." She added: "It was only weeks after the Oprah interview. "It was quite a raw time for them." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare as Sussexes plot next move Ms English said, in response to Bower's claims: "I do think there's some truth in it, it's just how much truth it was that she said [that] on the day of her husband's funeral." Host Jo Elvin replied: "It's fascinating". In his latest bombshell book, author Tom Bower claimed that the Queen had told some of her royal aides, “Thank goodness" over Meghan's absence. Buckingham Palace earlier this week declined to comment on the claims made in the book. Philip's funeral was held on April 17, 2021, just one month after Prince Harry and Meghan's explosive televised interview with Oprah. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'will be remembered' for ending 'never complain, never explain' motto The funeral was downsized as a result of heightened COVID-19 restrictions in the UK at the time. Mr Bower claimed the Queen made the observation as she prepared to travel to St George's Chapel for the service. Almost one year after Philip's death, in March 2022, the Royal Family attended a memorial service to pay tribute to the late Duke. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex both decided against attending the service. DON'T MISS Neither Harry nor Meghan released a statement ahead of the memorial service. The reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was over his security concerns. Speaking on the day of the memorial, veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards told presenter Kay Burley that Prince Harry "should be here". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter". READ NEXT: