The UK’s power provider, National Grid, says Britain will face "tight" electricity supplies in December as Russia cuts off gas supply to Europe. UK gas prices rose seven percent on Wednesday, which makes energy bills six times higher than they were this time last year. The National Grid said on Thursday morning: "There are risks and uncertainties this winter as a direct result of possible shortfalls in Europe's gas supply." Energy consultancy agency, BFY Group said predicted energy prices for winter have increased due to ongoing tension with Russia. Britain only imports 6 percent of its gas from Russia but could be affected by prices rising as energy demand from Europe increases. The UK imports its electricity via cables connected to neighbouring countries. Most of the country’s energy comes from Norway and Europe, in particular, France and Belgium. The current European gas prices are £172.08 per megawatt hour, however, last year the price was only £31.08 per megawatt hour.   This Wednesday, Russia delivered less gas to Germany and Russian gas pipes are operating at less than a fifth of normal capacity. The move prompted Europe to agree to cut reserve gas supplies over fears Russia will cut off gas supplies this winter. The European Union said that Russia is "continuously using energy supplies as a weapon". The Russian energy firm Gazprom said the latest energy supply cuts are due to maintenance work, but Germany says there was no technical reason for the low supply. Ukraine has accused Russia of pursuing a "gas war" against Europe.  READ MORE: Fears energy bills will to hit SHOCKING £3,850  The UK’s lack of energy supply from Europe is a concern as many of France’s nuclear reactors have shut down and will not be available for export this winter due to maintenance issues. The energy operator said: "We are continuing to monitor the outlook in France and will undertake further assessments." The National Grid has said they are working with the Government to keep coal stations in reserve for winter energy supplies. National Grid said: "We expect there to be sufficiently available to meet demand."  DON'T MISS:Expert warns 'no end in sight' as bills to KEEP soaring [REPORT]PM candidates need bold solution to energy crisis - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Energy price cap warning as energy bills could hit £500 in January [REVEAL] Every household in Britain will receive a £400 discount on their energy bill this winter and the lowest income households will also get a payment of £650. However, winter prices are expected to be double the price of last year and consultancy agency BFY Group said UK households could be charged over £3000 in January. The rise in bills could push half of Britain into fuel poverty. Fuel poverty is defined as when a household spends more than 10 percent of its income on energy. Consultancy agency, BFY Group said: "Official figures have an average income of £31,000, this means more than half the country could be pushed into fuel poverty." 