Anthony Martial has continued his impressive run under Erik ten Hag after scoring his third goal of pre-season against Crystal Palace on Tuesday. The Frenchman was loaned out to Sevilla last season, but may have a part to play in Ten Hag's new look Manchester United side after all. Ten Hag may be tempted to unleash Martial as his no.9 next season, and former United boss Louis van Gaal's early prediction may come to life seven years later. Van Gaal shares a lot in common with Ten Hag, with the pair both originating from the Netherlands, and both having a very unique style of playing the beautiful game. Ten Hag is looking to succeed where Van Gaal failed, but his compatriot may have brought Martial to the club with him unknowingly in mind. Martial enjoyed his best spell under Van Gaal, even though the Dutchman publicly admitted that the no.9 was bought with the 'next manager' in mind. But after clashing with Jose Mourinho and being snubbed by both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, Ten Hag might be the right man for the job that Van Gaal was initially anticipating.  READ MORE: Man Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budge If there isn't the right person to lead the orchestra, the band is going to suffer, and poor appointments and chaos amongst the board at United has made Old Trafford a rather toxic place in recent years. As a result, it's natural to assume that it's impacted performance on the pitch, and Martial is certainly in that category of players that haven't reached their potential. United splashed a mammoth £36million on Martial, who was only 19 at the time, and the whole deal was worth a total £58m with a multitude of clauses involved. And Van Gaal even labelled the fee as 'ridiculous', while claiming that Martial was bought with the next manager in mind. "United are routinely quoted £10m more for a player but I have not bought Martial for me," Van Gaal said. "I have bought him for the next manager of Manchester United."  DON'T MISSAntonio Conte's plan for Tottenham flop Lo Celso clear after bid rejectedMan Utd owners the Glazers may sanction biggest Frenkie de Jong twist of allMauricio Pochettino's son signs with new club after Watford rejection But the next manager was Mourinho, and it became clear that there were personal issues between the pair. “He [Martial] is a boy with a different personality," Mourinho said. "The thing I can say is that I hope he will reach a level commensurate with his real potential." And then Martial was benched towards the end of Solskjaer's spell, before being loaned out by Rangnick in January. The 'next' managers for Martial haven't been too kind to him, but perhaps Ten Hag can finally bring the best out of him. Martial still has bags of potential, and he's already shown in pre-season that he is up to the task. United need a long-term no.9, and if Ten Hag can work his magic then they have one. 