Games of Thrones creator George RR Martin has told how he has tested positive for Covid after attending Comic-Con last weekend. Posting a video on his blog, the author, 73, said he was shocked to test positive for the virus after taking precautions, while reassuring his followers that he felt "fine". Posting on his Not A Blog blog, the Games of thrones author told his fans: "Hi everyone this is George RR Martin coming to you via video "I'm away from my computer and I'm here in a hotel room in Los Angeles." The star went on to explain that he'd had a busy couple of weeks, attending Comic Con in San Diego followed by a weekend in Los Angeles for the premiere of House Of the Dragon. George told his fans: "The first day in Los Angeles, yesterday, I woke up and tested positive for Covid. READ MORE: Clint Eastwood's first child was a secret daughter who was adopted  "Yes, I'm positive for Covid, he confirmed. He went on: "It came up, I'm as startled as any of you because I did not think I had any symptoms, or very, very minor symptoms, I was sniffling a little. "That's pretty much still where I am, this is the second day. "I'm sniffling a little and occasionally coughing and mostly I feel fine," he reassured his fans.  "I was hoping it was a false positive, we took the test a second time, a third time, a different kind of test. "All of them gave the same result, that I am indeed positive." The star told that as a result, he is now in quarantine in his hotel. George explained: "I can't do most of the things I was planning to do here in Los Angeles, I am in quarantine. DON'T MISS... Frank Bruno blasts 'out of order' Sunak and Truss over mental health [INSIGHT]Bernard Cribbins seen in final pictures filming Dr Who [ANALYSIS]Jamie Redknapp enjoys holiday with sons as wife Frida stuns in bikini [UPDATE] The author went on to tell how he had taken precautions and avoided some of the events he'd usually do following the release of a new film. Talking about Comic-Con, George said: "San Diego went well although with Covid raging I decided to be very cautious and conservative. "I did the panel and that was a lot of fun. "But I skipped all of the parties, I did not go on the convention floor. "I cancelled my in-person autographing," he added, revealing he only went out for a few dinners. The star joked that spending quarantine in a four star hotel was a "good place to do it" before issuing apologies to fans following his absence at his film premiere. George told how he planned to sleep and rest to recover from Covid as he revealed that he couldn't wait to get back to work.