The Chancellor’s bin bags were placed outside his private apartment and torn open by foxes, leaving the documents open in public. Multiple news sources have since criticised the German leader for using such a careless disposal method. The Chancellor’s neighbours in Potsdam, outside Berlin found some of the documents marked confidential in the street outside their house. According to the neighbours, the documents were fully intact and there had been no attempt to shred them, the Telegraph reported. Reportedly, the documents largely relate to the Education Minister of Brandenburg, Britta Ernst, who is the Chancellor’s wife. Much of these papers were the details of different outfits that Ms Ernst would wear to different official events such as the election afterparty and casting the ballot in the federal elections last September. The Chancellor’s wife planned to wear jeans, a blue shirt and a casual blazer to the ballot casting and a black Hugo Boss suit with a grey shirt and black trainers paired with a black Anke Runge bag for the election afterparty. A draft speech that she was due to give at the Parliament in Brandenburg was also in the rubbish including a detailed schedule of where she would be and who Ms Ernst would be meeting with. It also detailed that the Education Minister has signed up to language classes in order to improve her English skills. The papers were allegedly reports about government briefings which are strictly not for public consumption. READ MORE: Emergency services rush to scene as 'explosion' heard in London The rubbish bags have been looked at by German news outlets and they reported finding a briefing note from the Foreign Office outlining details about the G7 summit, the broadsheet also revealed. The note about the summit included precise details about each of the partners of the G7 leaders. Such notes included the fact that Boris Johnson’s wife, Carrie Johnson studied art and history of environmental activism. The comment about Maria Serenella Cappello, wife of Mario Draghi the Italian Prime Minister, stated that she has a degree in English Literature and tends to “avoid the public”. Both of the briefings on the First Lady of the United States Jill Biden, and the wife of Emmanuel Macron, Brigette, described their occupations as teachers. DON'T MISS: Instruments of change... kids want MUSIC lessons, poll reveals (POLL)Smart meters 'utterly pointless' despite 'onslaught' of roll-out (INSIGHT)China meltdown: Xi sends out tanks to quell unrest amid bank scandal (REVEAL) The note on the wife of Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida declared that Yuko Kishida is the “secretary at (Japanese automotive company) Mazda.” Numerous papers were marked ‘VS Confidential’ which marks papers as needing the top level of security as they are the highest standard that government documents can be ranked at. Such classification means that those documents must not leave the premises of official government buildings or taken on official visits. German magazine Spiegel criticised the Chancellor and his wife “apparently have a relaxed relationship with confidential documents”. Meanwhile, Bild, a tabloid said: “In the Scholz house, they don’t take it very seriously when it comes to waste separation – and certainly not when it comes to keeping secrets.”