Football commentator Jacqui Oatley took to social media to urge others to be vigilant after her own mother nearly fell for the WhatsApp scam. The "incredibly believable" scam tricks parents into thinking their child is in financial trouble. Fraudsters will stop at nothing to con people out of their life savings with numbers skyrocketing since the UK first went into lockdown in March 2020. While the come in many different formats, one of the latest is a WhatsApp message that has been dubbed “The mum and dad scam”. Sports presenter Jacqui Oatley took to Twitter to tell others how her mum was approached - and very nearly fell for it. She wrote on Twitter: “I’m keen to warn you about a scam which my lovely, kind mum so nearly fell for. It was incredibly believable." READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘popular rate’ with 2.50 interest on savings She continued: “Someone pretends to be you but on a different number, contacts someone close to you and asks them to quickly pay a bill for you before you pay them back.” Just last week a pensioner appeared on ITV’s This Morning to warn others how the same scam meant she lost her life savings of £10,000. The 66-year-old mum from Dorset responded to a common WhatsApp scam because she believed her son was in financial trouble. She told ITV’s This Morning how fraudsters go to extreme lengths to convince people they are talking to their own children. DON'T MISSMassive changes coming to PIP payments - will you be affected? [ALERT]'Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [ALERT]NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you increase your chance of winning top prize? [INSIGHT] Angela Briscoe appeared on ITV’s This Morning to explain that she received messages on WhatsApp from someone who pretended to be her son, who was travelling in Mexico. Mrs Briscoe told hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby that the scam ended up costing her £10,000. The scammer convinced her that her son had forgotten to pay loads of bills. She told Phil Schofield: “I asked him 'how can you forget to pay all these bills?' “I said 'how do you know that I have this money?'" READ MORE: Cost of living payment may hit your bank account from today  Ms Briscoe received some of the money back from her bank Santander but not everyone is as lucky. Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. Britain has recently been named the fraud capital of the world after scammers conned victims out of a record £584m in 2021. Meanwhile, scams which start on WhatsApp have increased by a staggering 2000 percent. Fraudsters usually impersonate brands like banks or HMRC. Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for customer services, said: "We’re urging all of our customers to be really careful if they are contacted out of the blue by someone asking for money or bank details. “There are a lot of scams out there where fraudsters are calling, texting or emailing customers claiming to be from HMRC. “If you have any doubts, we suggest you don’t reply directly, and contact us straight away. “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’."