According to experts from Dreams, you should wash your sheets an average of once a week, or at the very least every two weeks. For large households, this can feel like a ceaseless chore. However, one Reddit user has shared her "lazy laundry hack" that can speed up the job and may even mean the end of folding fresh sheets. The user, named Funny-Adhesiveness96, explained: "My lazy laundry hack for sheet sets: Put the entire sheet set in one pillowcase to store instead of folding." She continued: "I hate mismatched sheets. "I hate folding fitted sheets. With five beds of three different sizes in the house, I hated changing sheets. READ MORE: Should you cut your lawn before you go on holiday? "No matter what I did to neatly put them up as sets, someone would always mess up the organisation and when I changed sheets I’d have to dig to find everything. Never again." Instead, the user uses one pillowcase to hold the rest of the bedding, stuffing the other pillowcases, flat sheet and fitted sheet inside. She said: "It saves me the time of folding and the time and frustration of finding the entire set later. "I just grab the stuffed pillowcase and go. READ MORE: 'They are gone!' Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of of drain flies "Also, if you just wash one sheet set at a time, when it comes out of the dryer, just toss it all in one pillowcase and done." If you are worried about your sheets looking creased, user Cheezygirl2001 has an additional solution. She explained: "I do this but fold them and put them in the pillowcase and then stack them neatly in a drawer, that way if I have guests that need new sheets I can just grab a good-looking folded set for them and they think I have my s**t together." [SIC] For those who prefer the organisation of folding your clean sheets before storing them, influencer Chantel Mia, who posts under the name Mama Mila online, previously shared a handy way to neatly store bedding in bundles. DON'T MISSMick Jagger's beautiful Grade II listed home on the Thames [REVEALED]Where will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £19k profit with no changes to home [INSIGHT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In a video posted to Instagram, she said: "It saves so much space, can be vertically stored and also protects your pillowcases against dust." She revealed that the reason she came up with this method is because she has limited storage space in her home. The method begins by folding the fitted sheet into a square, and then set it aside while you work on the pillowcases. Next, fold the flat sheet into a large square before placing the other folded sheet and pillowcases onto it. Fold your flat sheet around the bundle, then tuck it to create a tidy parcel of linen.