Red Bull star Max Verstappen has reignited his rivalry with Lewis Hamilton ahead of Sunday's British Grand Prix and joked about Mercedes' struggles with porpoising this season. After winning his maiden Formula 1 title in 2021, the 24-year-old leads this year's standings as he seeks back-to-back crowns, with team-mate Sergio Perez in second. Neither Verstappen nor Perez managed to finish the first race of the season, but Red Bull's engineers have adapted well to this season's new regulations over time. While they account for the last six race victories, however, Mercedes are still waiting on their first win of 2022 and have struggled more than most, if not all of their peers when it comes to bouncing. "Quite a few cars on the straight are [porpoising], especially that beautiful grey/silver car [Mercedes' W13], going like that [making a bouncing motion with his hand]," the Dutchman said during a recent appearance on Barstool Sports' Pardon My Take podcast. "Basically, with these new regulations, because we are generating the downforce more from the floor, what happens is because the downforce sucks to the floor and [there is] a certain stall under the floor, it [the car] goes up and down because it keeps sucking, then it stalls, it goes up and tries to suck down again." READ MORE Max Verstappen opens up on Lewis Hamilton relationship ahead of British GP  Verstappen went on to aim a dig at the Silver Arrows for their efforts to bring about changes that could cure their porpoising troubles, though fourth-place George Russell hasn't struggled as much. Mercedes were suspected of gaining insider information ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix when they were the only team to react quickly enough to an FIA technical directive permitting a new floor stay. "Some teams have that more under control than others and when that happens at 300 [kilometres per hour], it can be painful for some, if it is really aggressive," added the F1 titleholder. "Of course, especially one team has been moaning about it a lot so that is why now they will try to investigate or try to understand how we can limit these kinds of things." The side-effects of porpoising appeared to hit a high at the recent Azerbaijan Grand Prix, where Hamilton had difficulty exiting his car due to a supposed back injury. The seven-time world champion described the W13 as "so bad" prior to finishing third in Montreal, having referred to the car as "undriveable" earlier in June. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton shows fears as Daniel Ricciardo prank on team-mate Lando Norris goes wrong Bernie Ecclestone torn apart for 'appalling Vladimir Putin defence: 'Zip your mouth!' Lewis Hamilton issues six-word statement on Silverstone ban rumours in irritated response   Verstappen cited Sunday's British GP as a first opportunity for teams to test out their latest attempts to prevent porpoising. The prospect of mid-season changes hasn't gone down well with some, however, as Red Bull team principal Christian Horner led the questioning as to why reform is required. “It seems very unfair at this point of the year when there’s only really one team that’s missed the target,” Horner said last month.“Is it right to change everything for that one team or should the one team change to get itself more in line?"