Yellowstone actor Jefferson White shared insight into filming for the historical Western drama. The Jimmy star revealed writers allow them to improvise when on set and encourage them to let scenes take their natural shape. Jimmy actor Jefferson White has shed light on the filming process that brings to life popular Western drama, Yellowstone. The star let fans know writers give the cast plenty of lee-way to let scenes take their natural form, rather than rigidly sticking to scripts. Taylor Sheridan is a pro at keeping plot secrets under wraps but unlike the show creator, actors are a little more loose-lipped. Praising the writer for having so much trust in cast members, Jefferson credits the atmosphere on set for the show’s success. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Speaking on the immersive experience, the Jimmy actor remembers the freedom he was given to bring his storyline to life in the bunkhouse scenes. Jefferson’s character and the other cowhands improvised their dialogue as they messed about in scenes together. He said: “We get to riff and depart from the script. “He knows how to take that improvisation and shape it on the day and in the editing room to create atmosphere he was writing toward.” Jimmy entered the show and quickly underwent one of the biggest personal transformations at the ranch. First appearing as a drug-addled newbie, he learned the ropes and soon became an old pro who knew how to breed a horse. The actor reflected on the similar experience he had to his character when it came to understanding horses and how to act alongside them. He remembered: “I really had no idea what to expect. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser details key advice he gave Young Rip star [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Lloyd star pays sweet tribute to co-star as they reunite [TRIBUTE]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth to take down Caroline Warner [THEORY] “I was sort of afraid and intimidated by the process. “I am surrounded by these brilliant, brilliant cowboys, these performers who have a mythic quality to them. “Jimmy is thrust into difficult new circumstances, which mirror my experience on the show. The actor was thrown in the deep-end and was kept guessing throughout the entirety of his Yellowstone journey, from character arcs to plot line twists. Always wanting scenes to appear authentic, writer Taylor Sheridan made sure to keep important narratives a surprise for the actors. Jefferson said of the show creator: “Every time I tried to guess what was going to happen next, what Taylor comes up with is so much better than what I could come up with. “I’ve given up on guessing.” Watch Yellowstone season four on Paramount+ now.