Appearing as a guest on Vick Hope’s ITV Breakfast show, the GB News host spoke about breaking into the entertainment industry. Before appearing on TV screens, Eamonn Holmes worked as a bartender but was reluctant to give up his job as he didn’t think his career would take off.    Eamonn, 62, admitted working in a bar gave him transferable skills for a TV career. He said: “When you start working behind the bar, you’re shy and you don’t have a lot of personality. “You get into these conversations with people who are from all walks of life.” Eamonn called it great education as it helped him learn how to speak to a variety of different people when conducting interviews.    He continued: “The problem with me was, at the age of 19, I got a job unexpectedly in TV.” Viewers learnt by the age of 21, Eamonn was then hosting an hour long news programme every evening from 6pm to 7pm. Although half an hour after he wrapped at the studio, he was back at the bar pouring drinks for punters. Eamon revealed it was his former bar manager Pat who told him it wasn’t right for him to continue doing both.    However, at the time he told his old boss that being on TV would never last. Eamonn continued: “He said to me 'It’ll last,' he pulled my bow tie off, we went out the back and that was the last time I ever pulled a pint, that was the end of that.” “Wow, so he knew," Vick replied. Eamonn smiled: “He knew more than me because to this day, I don’t think it’ll last but that was 42 years ago.”   Eamonn currently hosts GB News' breakfast show alongside Isabel Webster after leaving his role on This Morning with Ruth Langsford. He has since opened up about being dropped by ITV and admitted to not being given a reason from the broadcaster. Speaking at the TRIC Awards in London last week, he said: "I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me. "I never received a single explanation once of why they wanted rid of me, no matter what you have been told."   Despite the abrupt exit, he admitted the reception he received on his first day at GB News was emotional. He explained: "I walked into the newsroom, I stood up and they applauded me. It doesn't get any better than that, it was very emotional. "It was nice to belong. It was nice to feel that you have a role to play. "You don't become any less of a broadcaster because you get older."  