Arsenal are preparing for an offer from Juventus for Gunners defender Gabriel Magalhaes, according to reports. The Italian media report that the Serie A side want to pay a £25million fee and will offer midfielders Adrien Rabiot and Arthur Melo in a cash-plus-player deal. The Gunners have often been linked with both players but might want other players from the Italian outfit instead in order to give up a valuable player of their own. Express Sport looks at who they might ask for instead. Daniele Rugani Arsenal will want a direct replacement if Gabriel leaves and Rugani could be a solid alternative. A left-footed centre-back, Rugani struggles to get into the Juve team on a regular basis and could be in favour of regular minutes elsewhere. The 27-year-old played just 12 times in Serie A last season, with the likes of Leonardo Bonucci, Mattia de Sciglio and Giorgio Chiellini ahead of him. A move to Arsenal could benefit all parties. JUST IN: Mourinho's surprise Djed Spence request before Tottenham transfer Luca Pellegrini Arsenal appear keen to add depth at left-back. Kieran Tierney struggled with injuries last season and Nuno Tavares seriously struggled when he was called upon to replace the Scotland international. Manchester City’s Oleksandr Zinchenko has been strongly linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium. The Ukraine international can play on the left side of defence but can also play in midfield. Arteta could therefore ask Juve to hand him Italian left-back Pellegrini, who is the Serie A side’s second-choice in the position. The 23-year-old played 18 times in the league last season and would be a far better back-up to Tierney than Tavares. DON'T MISS...Arsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic'Saliba's warning to Arteta could prove make or break for Arsenal bossFour clever buys Arsenal can make with William Saliba ready to quit Juan Cuadrado If Arsenal want to add some squad depth to cope with their busy fixture schedule, former Chelsea man Cuadrado would not be a bad purchase. An ex-winger, the 34-year-old has been moved back into right-back during the latter years of his career. Arteta and technical director Edu have prioritised signing players under the age of 24, but the Gunners squad is crying out for some experience and leadership. Cuadrado would bring both of those qualities while providing back-up to Takehiro Tomiyasu. Weston McKennie Arsenal have been loosely linked with energetic American midfielder McKennie for a couple of years. The 23-year-old signed for Juve on an initial season-long loan in the summer of 2020, before the move was made permanent a year later. McKennie’s 2021-22 campaign was hampered by injuries, with the former Schalke man starting just 15 league games. A fractured metatarsal saw him make just one appearance after February - on the final day of the season. Arsenal have lots of attacking midfielders but not many who can do the box-to-box role as well as McKennie. The Texas-born star would be a tidy addition to Arteta’s ranks. Wojciech Szczesny Why not? Arsenal might be in need of a second-choice goalkeeper if Bernd Leno completes his move to Fulham or elsewhere. The German is set to leave the Gunners after being displaced as the No 1 by Aaron Ramsdale. Szczesny’s Arsenal career came to a disappointing end. Then-boss Arsene Wenger caught the shot-stopper smoking a cigarette in the dressing room following a defeat by Southampton in 2015 and he was quickly discarded from the first team. The now-32-year-old was sent on a two-year loan to Roma before departing permanently in 2017. He moved to Juve, for whom he has made 177 appearances - four fewer games than he played for Arsenal.