The hit comedy-drama Sex Education will return for a fourth time to the streaming site, but it will be without a fan favourite. Patricia Allison, who plays Ola Nyman has said she's leaving the show behind for other opportunities. Audiences are crushed to hear Patricia won't be reviving her role as Ola in the next Sex Education installment. Patricia has been part of the cast since its inception three series ago, but told bosses it was time for her to explore "some other little things." The 27 year-old made the decision to step away from the coming-of-age drama with fans eagerly awaiting its return to screens. She admitted she really enjoyed working on the show but sometimes it is a case of saying goodbye to things you love most to move forward. REAd MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? Appearing on the Capital Xtra Breakfast show on Tuesday she sparked shock and "outrage" in presenter Yinka Bokinni after letting the cat out of the bag. Patricia said: "I absolutely have loved being on Sex Education so, so much, and playing Ola but unfortunately, I won’t be joining the team for season four. "Some other opportunities have come up. So, I’ve been doing it for three years and I’ve like genuinely loved it." Patricia is currently starring in the play A Doll's House: Part II in London. Ola has been a regular feature on the series since being introduced to audiences halfway through the programme's debut in 2019. Becoming a love interest for Otis Milburn (played by Asa Butterfield), the story's main character, Ola battled with being part of an intense triangle including Maeve Wiley (Emma Mackey). The other woman wasn't all she had to deal with as the relationship grew complicated when their parents became entangled. Otis' mum Jean Milburn (Gillian Anderson) and Ola’s dad (Mats Blomgren), started a rocky relationship which saw the end of the high school sweethearts. DON'T MISS... 'It will have to end at some point' Aimee Lou Wood opens up on show [INSIGHT]Sex Education: Can you really stay at Otis and Jean Milburn's house? [INSIGHT]Sex Education's Otis Milburn's exit unveiled as star drops hint? [UPDATE] The couple went their separate ways and Patricia, as Ola, took on the new challenge of bringing a new relationship to life. Ola moved on with Lily Iglehart (Tanya Reynolds), where things weren't smooth sailing either. Lily’s obsession with aliens and love of role-playing during sex caused ruptions and made things difficult for Ola. Debuting with resounding success back in 2019, the Netflix commission follows the lives of the fictional Moordale Secondary School residents. Students, staff and parents learn to contend with personal issues, often related to sexual intimacy. Anderson takes on the role of a sex therapist and it is against this background her son mimics life at home, turning the school's old bathrooms into an advice clinic. Filming for season 4 of Sex Education is due to start this month, however, Netflix has not confirmed a release date. Seasons 1-3 of Sex Education are available to stream on Netflix.