Golf star Ian Poulter has had his suspension from this week’s Scottish Open overturned, with DP World Tour CEO Keith Pelley 'disappointed’ with the decision. Poulter, alongside the rest of the LIV Golf defectors were banned from the event and fined £100,000 for making the move to the Saudi-backed series. Unhappy with the punishment the Englishman and two other LIV rebels in Justin Harding and Adrian Otaegui appealed the decision, in the hope of competing at the The Renaissance Club on Thursday. And following a statement by the DP World Tour on Monday evening, the appeal to overturn the banning order has been succesful. One man understandably unhappy with the decision is tour boss Pelley, who issued the punishments to the LIV rebels two weeks ago. The two sides of golf’s civil war have been side-by-side this week, for the JP McManus Pro-Am event in Ireland. Pelley himself is competing in the tournament, as are a number of marquee LIV Golf names in Poulter, Lee Westwood, Dustin Johnson, Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChmabeau. Tensions between the two sides are no doubt high, and following the appeal outcome the tour boss released a short statement. JUST IN: Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy crack jokes on Adare Manor driving range in Open warm-up  He said: “Out of respect for JP and Noreen McManus, their wonderful Pro-Am and the outstanding fundraising they undertake on behalf of charities in the west of Ireland, I will not be giving a detailed response on this matter right now. I will simply say we are disappointed by the outcome of today’s hearing, but will abide by the decision. “It is important to remember, however, this is only a stay of the sanctions imposed, pending the hearing of the players’ appeal as to whether those sanctions were appropriate. The make-up of the field for the Genesis Scottish Open will be advised in due course, but based on this decision the field size will increase beyond 156. DON'T MISSMickelson and LIV golf defectors called out by Woods' protegee ThomasMickelson hit with Woods taunt as LIV defector's struggles continuesGolf star Zalatoris brutally rejects Saudi-backed LIV ahead of Open “We will make further comment on this in due course, but not during our time at Adare Manor.” Prior to his legal success Poulter spoke to BBC Sport about the ongoing battle, still pledging his allegiance to the Wentworth-based tour despite his decision to defect to the Saudi-based circuit last month. He said: “My commitment to the European Tour has been there since day one, and it's still there today. I'm proud of playing so often, when it was to the detriment of world ranking points and FedEx Cup points I could have earned playing more in America… I feel disappointed, and offended that I've been suspended from playing golf on a Tour that I've played for 24 years.” 