Tiger Woods is back at the home of golf and the scene of two of his Open Championship victories from 2000 and 2005. The golf icon has only played The Open twice since 2015, but the Old Course at St Andrews was a personal target of his after making his comeback earlier this year. After a year spent in rehabilitation following the near-fatal car crash last year, Woods has come back on tour but has been extremely selective with what tournaments he's played. He surprised many by making his comeback at The Masters earlier this year before competing at the PGA Championship, although he was forced to withdraw. Woods then opted to skip the US Open as he wanted to give his body "more time to get stronger". But The 150th Open Championship at St Andrews has always been the target for Woods on his return. The Old Course was where Woods made his Open debut way back in 1995 and he won on his next two vists, setting a new record after finishing 19-under par. Woods has maintained that the links golf course is his favourite and will be looking to test his game against the elite this week. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy makes Tiger Woods prediction ahead of The Open  Tiger Woods has been paired with US Open champion Matt Fitzpatrick and compatriot Max Homa for the opening two rounds. On Thursday, the trio will get their opening round underway at 2.59pm BST. They will then be among the early starters on Friday, with their scheduled tee time set for 9.58am BST. DON'T MISS  Woods still feels the "special" aura that surrounds The Open each time it comes back to St Andrews. "This is where it all began for me as an amateur," he said. "My first chance to play in The Open Championship was here. I'll never forget I played with Ernie Els and Peter Jacobsen the first two days. "We had a chance to play with some greats in practise rounds -- Freddie, Raymond, Ollie, Langer. I had a great time as a young little kid, and they showed me the ropes of how to play this golf course and how many different options there were. It was eye opening how this golf course can play as easily as it can be played and also as difficult it can play just by the wind changing. Obviously when the tide changes as well. "Just being here, I think this is my sixth Open Championship here, I think. Just to have that experience and have the ability to play here at the home of golf is always quite special. Then to have won it twice makes it that much more special."