Tom Hopper is behind super-strong Spaceboy, also known as Five in The Umbrella Academy. He returned for series three on Netflix which had a shocking ending for his girlfriend Sloane Hargreeves (played by Genesis Rodriguez). Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Tom Hopper's love life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Umbrella Academy. The Umbrella Academy actor Tom Hopper is married to fellow actress Laura Hopper. They have been together for 13 years after first meeting at a party in 2009 and following several years of dating, Tom and Laura got married in 2014. Marking their anniversary earlier this year, Laura took to Instagram to share a cute poolside picture. She wrote: "This next chapter is popping off and I'm so excited to be your team mate. "Together we can move mountains ... Love you the most." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist British actress Laura has featured in various shows and films over the years, including Hollyoaks, Doctors, Our Girl and The Marker. She popped up in season three of The Umbrella Academy as Rachel Herschberger, one of the 43 mothers who miraculously fell pregnant. This isn't the first time Laura has acted alongside her husband as she appeared in Starz' Black Sails in 2015. According to her IMDb page, they will be working together again in the upcoming Netflix rom-com Love in the Villa. As well as a married couple, Tom and Laura are also business partners. They co-own the production company Pine Tree Productions, although few details are known about the firm. When the stars aren't thinking about their careers, they are tending to their two young children, daughter Truly Rose and son Freddie. As a family, they have had to overcome some difficulties regarding their youngest. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Medieval ring 'Good God'  [REACTION]What is Christopher in The Umbrella Academy? [EXPLAINER]Who is Jennifer in The Umbrella Academy and how is she linked to Ben? [THEORY] Freddie, who is nonverbal, was diagnosed with autism just before his fifth birthday. Speaking about their experience, Tom told PEOPLE in 2020: "We thought, we've got to do this for the parents that are going through this so they don't feel alone. Because it can be a very lonely time. "You have to trust each other and the journey. "The right things will happen eventually, but it doesn't happen overnight. "My son has autism, and he amazes me every day. His brain just works in a different way," he explained. At the end of season three, the Umbrella Academy was able to reset the universe but with some key differences. One included the absence of Spaceboy's girlfriend Sloane who was nowhere to be seen. So what happened to Sloane and will she and Spaceboy ever be reunited? The Umbrella Academy is available to watch on Netflix.