Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew, both 62, married on July 23, 1986 in Westminster Abbey. The Duke and Duchess of York went on to have two children, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, who each now have a child of their own. However, the couple split in 1992 and later divorced in 1996.  What was their body language like back in 1986? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She claimed: “Fergie and Andrew’s wedding day body language needs to be seen in context. “Diana-mania was at a peak and Sarah would have known the levels of interest and ‘celebrity’ that she could expect as Andrew’s bride.  “Andrew was the ‘cool’ Prince and the hero Prince, a complete contrast to his uptight older brother. “He was popular, good-looking and lacking in all the self-doubt and anxieties that Charles suffered from. “Andrew looked like the royal who could make a marriage based on mutual attraction and a shared sense of fun,” the expert opined. How did the wedding day compare to Princess Diana’s wedding in 1981?  Judi suggested: “Unlike Charles and Diana’s rather emotionally fraught wedding, Andrew and Sarah’s appeared to be a relaxed and joyous event. “Their relationship looked clearly based on strong bonds of sexual attraction and playfulness. “While Charles had to ask his mother’s permission before kissing his bride on the balcony, Andrew performed a highly sensual kiss with Fergie that the older royals around seemed totally unfazed by,” the expert noted. Judi added that Fergie and Andrew engaged in “comedy rituals” with the crowds, something that was not done at a royal wedding before. She claimed: “The couple played with the crowds, pretending to not hear their encouraging calls for the kiss. “The comedy rituals looked mirrored, showing the sense of humour and playfulness was mutual. “The Queen seemed to relax and enjoy the day like any normal mother. “Even Edward is seen enjoying the fun as the family posed together on the balcony,” Judi noted.  Did Fergie’s body language on the day suggest she was in love with Andrew? Judi explained: “Fergie looked totally smitten and her body language signals suggested she thought she’d met a man who was a soul mate and playmate. “Andrew appears to have presented himself in a way that was complementary to Sarah. “That is, a fun, spontaneous soulmate with no trace of the hint of royal arrogance and sense of entitlement that seemed to show up before and after their wedding.” 