Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could still decide to target a number of exciting wingers this summer despite missing out on the likes of Raphinha and Richarlison earlier in the window. The Gunners have been one of the Premier League's busiest clubs in the pre-season market but are yet to address their need for a new right-sided forward in spite of their best efforts to date. Raphinha looked set to join Arsenal from Leeds United at one stage but eventually opted to sign for Barcelona, who had been locked in protracted talks over his availability for a number of months before finally snapping him up. Mikel Arteta was also said to have been eager to land Richarlison after the end of last season but the Spaniard was beaten to his signature by Tottenham, who managed to prise him away from Everton for a transfer fee of around £52million.Arsenal are widely expected to chase further additions before the Premier League campaign gets underway and it seems likely that a move for a new first-choice winger could still be made over the coming weeks. The north Londoners have been tentatively linked with a handful of alternative targets including Bayern Munich ace Serge Gnabry, who spent the early stages of his senior career on Arsenal's books before leaving the club in 2016.Gnabry has since established himself as one of the Bundesliga's leading forwards but has been tipped by many to leave Bayern in the not-too-distant future. All attempts to extend his stay at the club over the last few months have been rebuffed by the player's camp, with Gnabry thought to be considering his options as he weighs up the idea of a new challenge away from Germany. JUST IN: Newcastle 'snubbed' by Barcelona ace despite him wanting PL return Arsenal could face plenty of stiff competition in their efforts to land Gnabry, though, with Tottenham and Chelsea also having been credited with an interest in his signature over the last few months. If the Gunners fail to lure him back to the Emirates Stadium, they could always decide to chase a move for Newcastle trickster Allan Saint-Maximin, who is already said to have been targeted by a couple of Premier League sides this summer.Saint-Maximin has stood out as one of Newcastle's prized assets since joining the club from Nice in 2019 and could prove to be a shrewd addition for Arsenal thanks to his ability to play on both flanks without too much difficulty. However, the Magpies will undoubtedly be desperate to keep him at St James' Park for the upcoming season, which suggests that a move to the Emirates Stadium could be incredibly difficult to engineer.Cody Gakpo may be another enticing option for Arteta if he opts to sanction a raid on PSV Eindhoven for the 23-year-old's services. It seems though Gakpo could be open to the idea of joining Arsenal this summer, with the player having admitted towards the end of last season that he has a soft spot for the Gunners which stems from his childhood admiration of Thierry Henry. "I don’t favour one team but I like Arsenal a lot," Gakpo told The Sun. "I looked up to Henry when I was younger because he was a tall guy who played on the wing."Meanwhile, Arsenal may also be tempted to firm up their reported interest in Everton starlet Anthony Gordon if their pursuit of a new winger drags on until the latter stages of the transfer window. The 21-year-old emerged as a regular starter at Goodison Park over the course of last season and it seems as though a move on to bigger and better things could soon be on the horizon if he keeps up his impressive form.It remains to be seen how Arsenal will approach the remaining weeks of their summer recruitment drive as Arteta looks to strengthen his ranks to boost the club's top-four hopes in the Premier League this season. Only time will tell if the Gunners ultimately manage to get things right in the market, though, with another failure to secure Champions League qualification likely to have dire consequences for both Arteta and some of his existing first-team stars. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here