Ukrainian MP Andrii Osadchuk told Times Radio that the Ukrainian army has caused “huge problems and huge losses” for the Russian army and the leaders orchestrating the offensive. During a no holds barred commentary on the state of Russian forces, Mr Osadchuk claimed Russia “can do nothing against” the long-range, state-of-the-art weapons supplied to Ukraine by NATO and the USA. It comes as Britain pledged today to send a further 1,600 anti-tank missiles, as well as hundreds of drones and more than 50,000 rounds of ammunition to Ukraine.    Mr Osadchuk said: “They are in a very difficult situation because the Kremlin in Moscow is much much weaker than anyone may think. “Probably the Kremlin is in the weakest position it has been in during the last 20 or 30 years. “The Ukrainian army has created huge problems and huge losses, and deliveries of western weapons, which we have finally obtained, although not in the quantity which is needed, have finally arrived. “The Russians can do nothing against HIMARS, just simply nothing.    “And then they understand that in a very short period of time they may lose Kherson, which they proudly occupied. “And the liberation of Kherson, it will be the end of Russian aggression in Ukraine.” Russia has suffered extensive losses to its forces during their offensive in Ukraine despite Putin believing the invasion would only take a matter of days. The number of Russian soldiers killed during the attack is believed to be more than 30,000, with tens of thousands of pieces of military equipment also lost in battle, as the conflict enters its fifth month. READ MORE: Putin may end grain blockade in EU deal to ease sanctions [REVEAL]   Emboldened by Western weapons supplies and extensive training in how to use the equipment, Ukraine has successfully slowed down certain Russian attacks, even repelling Putin’s forces elsewhere. And the prospect of further weapons from Britain, which has already contributed a significant amount of equipment, should allow Ukraine to persist in its resistance to Russia. Defence minister Ben Wallace announced today that Britain will send scores of artillery guns and more than 1,600 anti-tank weapons to Ukraine in the latest supply of Western arms. The boost comes after British Prime Minister Boris Johnson last month promised another £1 billion of military support. DON'T MISS: 'Putin won't forget this' Fears of Turkey after huge Erdogan snub [INSIGHT] China BETRAYS Russia as Xi strikes major 24-year gas deal with Biden [REVEAL] Balance of power swings in Ukraine war as Russia crushed [REPORT]   The total UK support to Ukraine since the start of the war, which Russia calls a "special operation", is around £2.3billion. Mr Wallace said: “Together with our international partners, we will ensure Ukraine has the tools to defend their country from Putin's illegal invasion.” Mr Wallace said Britain would also provide counter-battery radar systems, hundreds of drones, and more than 50,000 rounds of ammunition. The UK has already supplied Ukraine with a range of military equipment including almost 7,000 anti-tank weapons, hundreds of missiles, and armoured fighting vehicles, and has also been training Ukrainian soldiers. READ NEXT: Ukraine LIVE: Give them hell! Wallace sends lethal anti-tank arsenalLavrov states Putin's aspirations expand beyond DonbasPutin will struggle to win 'bloody' war of attrition'Disaster waiting to happen' Germans wait for Russian gas to returnUkraine use NATO weapons to blow up multiple Russian munitions depots  