Barcelona are reportedly awaiting an offer from Chelsea for Frenkie de Jong despite agreeing a fee with Manchester United. The Netherlands international doesn’t want to leave the Nou Camp this summer. However, it appears he’s edging closer to the exit door as the Catalan giants look to balance their finances. Barcelona and United have finally agreed an initial £72million deal for De Jong. The midfielder is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target and, though there are still some hurdles to overcome, all signs currently point to him moving to Old Trafford. Yet Sport say that Barcelona are still anticipating a potential bid from Chelsea, who have also been linked with De Jong. Up to now, the Blues have been prioritising Raheem Sterling - who has sealed his move to Stamford Bridge from Manchester City. Chelsea are also on the verge of landing Kalidou Koulibaly, too. And the publication says it’s possible the Blues will launch an even higher bid for De Jong than United, in what would be a blockbuster development. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Though Xavi has long made it clear he appreciates De Jong, the 25-year-old’s sale is seen as necessary as Barcelona look to balance their finances. They’ve signed Franck Kessie to be a replacement, with the midfielder moving from AC Milan on a free transfer. And Barcelona also have high hopes for young duo Gavi and Pedri, who have been tipped for greatness in the coming years ahead. If De Jong flatly refuses to move to England, though, it’s claimed Barcelona will have to do everything possible to negotiate a pay cut. However, Barcelona face a near impossible task after De Jong's agents Ali Dursun and Hasan Cetinkaya informed the club that the Netherlands international won't accept any salary reduction or related talks. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong If Chelsea do manage to pounce and land De Jong, it will be yet another hijack on United by their fierce rivals. Arjen Robben was expected to move to Old Trafford in 2004 but ended up moving to west London instead, where he’d go on to become a cult hero. Sir Alex Ferguson revealed he wanted Didier Drogba before he went to Chelsea, saying in one of his books: "We went to check him out [at Marseille], but the club wanted £25million, and Chelsea moved in for the kill before we had made up our minds.” John Obi Mikel signed a contract with United and even posed in their colours before controversially moving to Chelsea, who paid £12m for the midfielder. And Chelsea also rocked United by landing the likes of Nicolas Anelka, Eden Hazard and Pedro despite interest from the Red Devils in 2008, 2012 and 2015 respectively. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Regarding De Jong, former United star Lee Sharpe recently had his say on the player. And he praised the Red Devils for how they’ve handled their pursuit, saying: "I think the manager will have a really good relationship with him. "It's a little bit of paperwork and Manchester United are going about it pretty professionally. "It's a shame that it's taking so long. But I think if the manager really wants him, and that's his No 1 target, they have to be patient and try to get it across the line as soon as they can." He then added: "What a player. A marquee player. "I think he's Erik ten Hag's No 1, on his list. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “If they can get him across the line, fingers crossed they can, I think he would be an amazing signing." De Jong could become United’s 10th signing from La Liga, too. United landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Under Louis van Gaal, in came Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here