The UK is set to bask in the longest heatwave in four years this week with temperatures set to send the mercury rising to over 30 degrees. And whilst that's good news for sun worshippers it's not so great for the gadgets we all use on daily basis. Devices such as phones, tablets and laptops really don't like getting hot with many actually shutting down if they are left lying in the sun. This may sound blindingly obvious but many broadband users may not be aware that their Wi-Fi can also grind to a halt during the high temperatures and that's not great when so many of us are now working from home. To make users aware of the issues, Virgin Media has recently issued an alert which warns customers of the dangers of letting routers get too hot under the collar. "Although we test our Hubs carefully at a range of temperatures, they are better off out of bright sunlight, just like your phone or laptop," the Internet Service Provider (ISP) explained. When a router overheats it becomes much less efficient which can mean slower speeds - think of it a bit like going for a 5K run on a hot day compared to when it's much cooler. Along with speeds slowing down, routers can even shut down completely if they are popped on a window ledge and in direct line with the sun. "If the Hub gets too hot, it could slow down your connection or even grind to a halt altogether," Virgin added. READ MORE: Broadband warning: Stop using this popular kitchen appliance, it's killing your Wi-Fi If your Wi-Fi box is getting too hot then try and move it to a cooler part of the room where there's plenty of shade. However, Virgin also warns that getting away from the sunshine does not mean tucking it inside a TV cabinet. Explaining more, Virgin said: "Some things can prevent the signal from getting out, like furniture, large electrical appliances and even big bodies of water like a fish tank. Good placement of the Hub could also mean greater WiFi reach." If you pop the router inside a cabinet, the signal won't perform as well as when this flashing box is out in the open and free to roam. The best position for the router is away from large objects. Raising it off the floor can also help improve speeds along with keeping it upright as laying it flat on the floor can also impact the range. If you're unsure about where to pop your router, here are Virgin's top router tips and remember, as the weather gets hot this week try and keep your broadband cool. • Don’t hide the Hub away, place it upright somewhere it can breathe. • Always keep the Hub indoors in a cool place, out of bright sunlight. • Keep the Hub at least 1m away from cordless phones or baby monitors, and as far as possible from big obstructions like cupboards and fish tanks.