Mike Bushell, 56, has been exposed on Twitter by BBC Wimbledon commentator Laura Robson. The pundit shared a photo of her co-star as he appeared to stand on a small briefcase so that the pair’s height could be matched on screen. In the snap, Mike and Laura stood smiling at Wimbledon’s centre court, ready for a day of reporting. The photo was shared with Laura’s 348,000 followers. She wrote in the caption: “Behind the scenes @mikebreakfast @BBCBreakfast.” Mike, who is shorter in stature at 5ft 5, then Quote Tweeted the post and wrote in the caption: “Aw the secret is out. Didn’t want you to get neck ache. @laurarobson5” READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap Laura’s fans rushed to the comments to share their thoughts on the former tennis professional’s post. @ScottFry78 playfully wrote: “Nice change for the bloke to need the Scully Box.” @DalM1ghty said: “A BOX TO STAND ON DOTH NOT MAKETH THE MAN.” @JamesKArthur commented: “They actually got poor little Mike a box this time.” @MDThequeenbee said: “Where did you get that dress... Stunning! “Looking for something to wear to my sisters wedding!” Laura is a former Australian professional tennis player who won her first tournament on the ITF Women’s Circuit in November 2008 at the age of 14. She retired from the sport in May of this year. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] The star spoke recently about the mindset of a serious athlete, and what it takes to reach the top, following the semi-final between Cameron Norrie and Novak Djokovic. “I just remember a couple years ago, we were doing the off-season in Florida. “We had a games morning with all the Brits involved,” said former British number one Robson, while commentating last week. “And there’s one game that we played where you hit a ball and everyone rotates. “You’ve got to have eight people on each side and, you miss the ball, you’re out of the team. “And at one point there were five people on one side with just Cam on his own and he just refused to miss. “He ended up winning the game and just wore everyone down. And I think that’s sort of him in a nutshell, isn’t it?”