Jon, 52, was presenting live from Droitwich Spa Lido where he was informing BBC Breakfast viewers of the hot temperatures expected throughout the UK. However, as he delivered the latest updated, viewers were take aback by his patterned shirt, with Jon even joking it was "modest". The BBC presenter wore a long sleeved white shirt with blue and yellow flowers printed all over. He joked he thought shirt was “crazy” as he introduced guest Dr Mohit Mandiratta who was in a similar outfit. Seeing both men in their loud printed shirts, presenter Nina Warhurst swiped: “Ow my eyes!” Making a jibe at himself, Jon said he thought the shirt was a modest choice, following yesterday’s outfit of a beige linen suit.   The presenter uploaded a photo of himself on Twitter informing his 46.2k followers of where he’d be ahead of the show. BBC Breakfast viewers were quick to comment on his shirt with Rob Foster joking: “You know, if you got a digital aerial, you wouldn't have so much noise on that shirt.” Rachel Burden added: “Strong shirt action JK." Philip Carmen said: “Love the shirt - are you competing with Carol and @NinaWarhurst for most brightest top today (I meant that in a very good way). Are you swimming trunks the same pattern?”    Gary Hill joked: “No wonder you have attracted wasps Jon busy shirt.” It comes after Jon had a slightly unfortunate encounter with a bird during Monday’s instalment of the breakfast show. Weather reporter Carol Kirkwood was giving viewers advice on the current heatwave before he asked for some advice himself. He said: “Carol, have you got any tips for removing bird poo from linen jackets because I have just been splatted by a pigeon?"  Carol instantly burst out laughing before telling Jon using a wet wipe could help clean up the mess. She said: "You might spread it a wee bit, but if you use a few it might work." Jon replied: "It might get messy, I am slightly anxious about doing this but I also have another jacket. “I might go for that option for how and hit the dry cleaners."    After learning of Jon’s bird poo disaster, presenter Nina reminded him it could be considered a sign of good luck. She said: “It might not feel like it right now, but bear in mind that kind of delivery is considered to be good luck. "Not feeling the fortune this morning, Jon?” BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC at 6am  