On Tuesday, temperatures in Britain reached record highs, surpassing 40 degrees for the first time in recorded history. Britons have been warned to only travel if necessary and to make sure they stay hydrated and remain in the shade as much as possible. However, one heatwave-related TikTok trend has caught the attention of dermatologist Dr Sina Ghadiri who told Express.co.uk that he is "concerned" about the effect it will have on public health. The TikTok trend Mr Ghadiri is referring to features heavily sunburnt individuals peeling off layers of their skin.  TikTokers featured in the videos can be seen laughing and joking as they remove massive chunks of their skin and Dr Ghadiri explained that this is worrying as it is almost as though the users are showing off their sunburn as a "badge of pride". He said: "These videos are effectively showing people bragging about their sunburn. "And that is definitely destructive to public health. "It's almost like a challenge to see how burnt you can get and I worry that in this extremely hot weather people will be getting sunburnt and posting it online as a badge of pride."  The dermatologist added that the more these videos go viral, the more people will copy them, increasing the risk of damaging their health. Dr Ghadiri explained that getting severely sunburnt even once increases the risk of skin cancer. He said: "I don't think people realise what could happen in the years to come if they get severely sunburnt now. "One of the questions we frequently ask in dermatology when we're taking a history of skin cancer is have you been badly sunburnt in the past? "Because just one severe episode of sunburn can have an impact."  Dr Ghadiri added that peeling off sunburnt skin is dangerous because it exposes the skin underneath to further UV damage when people go back outside in the sunlight. The NHS website advises covering sunburnt skin from direct sunlight until it has completely healed. It adds that those suffering from sunburn should not place ice or ice packs on the damaged skin and should avoid scratching or trying to remove it. Dr Ghadiri highlighted another "worrying" element of the videos is that people like them because of the ASMR.  DON'T MISS: Angry bin worker says it is too hot to collect rubbish Autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR) is a tingling sensation that usually begins at the scalp and moves down the back of the neck and upper spine. It signifies the subjective feeling of "low-grade euphoria" and is usually triggered by specific audio or visual stimuli. Videos following the sunburn-peeling TikTok trend often have hashtags such as #satisfying and #ASMR meaning that users hoping to gain pleasure from ASMR are likely to happen upon them when using the app. ASMR videos such as people tapping, scratching and peeling things to make "satisfying" sounds are very popular on TikTok so Mr Ghadiri is concerned that this will further encourage users to upload skin peeling content onto the app, in an attempt to gain more followers. 