Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel would prefer to sign Raheem Sterling and Raphinha ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo, reckons former Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor. Chelsea are linked with Ronaldo after he told Manchester United he wants to leave this summer. The new Blues owner Todd Boehly has spoken to the Portugal superstar's agent about a potential deal. But it is thought Tuchel is not as keen on bringing him to Stamford Bridge. Manchester City star Sterling is a top target for Chelsea this summer and a deal worth £45millon is getting closer. Meanwhile, the Blues also had a £60m bid accepted by Leeds for Raphinha last month, though the player prefers a move to Barcelona. Agbonlahor believes both of those targets are higher on the wishlist for Tuchel. And he cannot see a deal for Ronaldo happening unless Boehly overrules his manager. READ MORE: Chelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours'  Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: "I think he'd be definitely a good fit but I just do not see it happening. Thomas Tuchel left PSG because of the egos, Neymar, Messi. "He will not want a big ego like Ronaldo coming in and wanting to play every game. 100 per cent he would rather go and get Raphinha, go and get Sterling, players that aren't bigger than the manager or bigger than the club even. "So for me Thomas Tuchel definitely would not want Cristiano Ronaldo. But if it comes from above him and the owners want him, then maybe it's something that happens." Ronaldo is not the only world superstar to have been linked with Chelsea. Neymar is also rumoured with a move to west London. DON'T MISSArsenal could sell eight first-team players and loan three more before window shutsLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'requests Real Madrid signing' in cut-price £25.7m transferBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set  However, ex-Chelsea defender Jason Cundy wouldn't want the Brazilian at his old club. And he also isn't convinced Ronaldo would be a good addition either. Cundy said: “I actually think that, I’ve said this many many times, I think Neymar is overrated. I’m not saying he’s a bad player, I think he’s overrated, that’s my own take on that, I’m not so sure he’d fit in at Chelsea. “Ronaldo, there’s a part of me that’s a little bit concerned that it’s not going to be a Thomas Tuchel signing. It feels a little bit like a Todd Boehly one where he’s come in with the money and he’s getting seduced by one of the world’s greatest ever players and he’s available. "And then there’s Sterling, which for me makes so much sense, I don’t quite know what he’s going to cost but it feels and sounds like it’s going to be a decent deal.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here