The Duke of Sussex will deliver a speech at the United Nations (UN) Monday afternoon to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. This is the first time the Duke will be seen publicly since his appearance at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the UK last month. Speaking on GB News, royal commentator Rafe Heydel-Mankoo discussed Harry's upcoming appearance. After being asked what "qualifies" him to make the speech, Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "He's had a long relationship with Africa, as we know. "Today is Nelson Mandela's birthday so the UN declares today to be International Nelson Mandela Day and every year there's a celebration of Mandela's life and a cause to highlight." He added: "And, of course, yes, the idea is that Prince Harry will bring star power and attention to this issue". Mr Heydel-Mankoo also noted that it will be Harry and Meghan's first appearance since the Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party with Meghan 'puzzled' friends He added: "Now, people might be speculating why it has been so long since they have actually appeared in public [since the Jubilee]. "Some people might think that, of course, they are licking their wounds for the last few weeks, having had their attempts to play a more prominent role in the Platinum Jubilee scuppered by the Prince of Wales and Prince William". Harry is delivering the keynote address during a two-hour-long informal meeting of the General Assembly plenary, which is today marking Nelson Mandela International Day. The UN announced the information on their website. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's new Netflix plot after Jubilee 'crashed and burned' The day was established by the UN's General Assembly in 2009 to honour Mr Mandela's life and legacy. Mandela, then aged 91, asked people to celebrate him by supporting their communities. The session will begin at 3pm BST (10am EST). During the two-hour-long event, the 2020 UN Nelson Mandela Prize will be awarded to Mrs Marianna V. Vardinoyannis of Greece and Dr Morissanda Kouyaté of Guinea. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] In 2019, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited South Africa together, along with their son Archie for a 10-day royal tour. This would later become their last-ever royal tour. On the final leg of their trip, the pair met Mr Mandela's wife Graça Machel. READ NEXT: