BBC viewers tuned in to watch Novak Djokovic take on Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon Tennis final were angered when during a break in play Andrew Castle mixed up Prince George with Prince Louis during commentary. Mr Castle said that during the recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations Prince George had been caught "just slightly misbehaving," listeners were quick to point out in fact, that the troublemaker had been the young royal's brother Louis. BBC viewers rallied in defence of Prince George after catching Mr Castle's error. On Twitter, one tennis fan @enigma915 wrote: "Andrew Castle getting it wrong. "George wasn't misbehaving, it was Louis." Another @Juilethewok wrote: Just said the same in our house - if you're gonna spout stuff at least get the right Prince!"  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived at Wimbledon with Prince George ahead of the men's singles final and were greeted by ball boys and girls as well as staff in the Millennium building before crossing the bridge over cheering crowds into Centre Court. They sat in the royal box to watch Kyrgios attempt to defeat the defending champion. Kate, who is patron of the All England Club, looked summery in a navy blue skirt and matching top with white polka dots by designer Alessandra Rich. The royals first greeted a group of military personnel who are working as stewards at the championship - Lt Col Lucy Smith from the Army, deputy assistant commissioner Philip Morton, from the London Fire Brigade, Lt Commander Chris Boucher from the Royal Navy and Sergeant Jacquie Crook from the Royal Air Force.  Kate asked them about their roles and how many championships they had worked at Wimbledon, to which one replied: "19 years". She then explained to George what the group members do, saying: "They look after everybody to make sure the crowds are safe and happy, doing the right thing, in the right seats, making sure the grounds are safe." When asked about George coming to Wimbledon, she said: "Is this your first time? It is, isn't it?" to which he replied: "Yes". When asked why Charlotte was not there, she said: "It's George's treat today." DON'T MISS: David Davis lets slip Liz Truss about to enter leadership race [VIDEO]Sajid Javid admits Scottish independence vote can't be put off forever [INTERVIEW]Rees-Mogg tests Brexiteer credentials of candidates with single demand [VIDEO] George was also asked who he was going to support and appeared too shy to answer so William looked at him and whispered: "Djokovic." "We'll see how long it lasts. He'll support the winner," added the Duke. William then spoke to them about Kyrgios' powerful serve and Djokovic's experience in playing grand slam finals. He added: "I think it's going to be an electrifying spectacle."