Experts from outdoor holiday and camping booking company Pitchup shared the most unusual hacks to stay cool during the heatwave and explained the number one rule is to "aim to have their tent up by midday". Experts from Pitchup explained: "Ideally, campers should set off early in the morning. "Avoid pitching up midday. "This will not only give campers a full day's worth of outdoor fun, but it will help to avoid travelling and setting up during the midday sun." Pitching a tent up during the hottest time of the day will make it a much more difficult and sweatier job. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here  Campers should aim to have their tent up by 12pm, or alternatively, begin pitching later in the afternoon. How to keep the tent or caravan cool without electricity The camping experts recommended "pitching your tent up in the shade to keep it as cool as possible throughout the day". "This way, when you get into it later on, the tent won’t be too hot.  "It is important to keep your tent ventilated for as long as possible too, as you’ll reap the benefits of better circulation and a fresh breeze," they said. It may seem like a hassle, but "taking your tent down during the day" and putting it back together in the evening to keep it as cool as possible "can also be a handy trick," they revealed. "You’ll find that the inside is a lot cooler," the experts said. There are also items which can help keep the tent, caravan or campervan cool during the warmest hours of the day. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Campers can always bring a small portable battery-powered fan. However, holidaymakers can also create their own air-con using a bucket of ice which will mimic an air conditioner by cooling down the surrounding area. The experts from Pitchup explained: "For best results, spreading ice out across a wide surface and placing it in front of a battery-powered fan will blast the cool air around." Campers should always make sure to park the car in the shade when going on camping holidays. "It is important that when you arrive, you park your car in the shade. "Unless you have a sunscreen protector, leaving your vehicle in the scorching sun will make the wheel and seats extremely hot. This is not ideal if you are wanting to go anywhere during your trip. "If you are wanting to store food and drink in the boot of your car, leaving it in a sunny spot will spoil your food and make your drinks warm. "Find a space in the shade, ideally under a tree to help keep your vehicle well-ventilated," the camping experts recommended.