EastEnders legend Phil (played by Brian McFadden) returned home on Friday evening and left everyone in shock. After making an enemy in prison, it looked as though Phil's life was very close to coming to an end. His friends and family, including Kat (Jessie Wallace), Sharon (Letitia Dean) and Sam (Kim Medcalf), were all under the impression he had been murdered and were trying to navigate their way into taking over his many businesses. However, viewers of the BBC soap know he had taken the deal with DI Keeble to become a police informant, so therefore, he was released. In upcoming scenes, Sam fears her brother has realised she is planning to destroy his life's work, to which he could recruit Zack (James Farrar) to help get information from her. In scenes to air in the coming weeks, Sam sees Zack feeling sorry for himself over Nancy (Maddy Hill), so he offers some words of encouragement. They later flirt in the bar, reigniting their passion after their intimate night with one another. Could this all be part of Phil's plan to use Sam's passion for Zack to get information about her plans to take down the Mitchell Empire? Sam and Zack have already slept together once, which was the downfall of his relationship with Nancy, so could Zack take up Phil's offer to get his revenge for ruining his chance with Nancy? READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge Sharon checks in on Kat after the night’s shocking events, but the two struggle to remain civil, leading to a huge argument. Sam is worried her plan to bring down the Mitchell Empire will catch up with her. Should she be worried about the lengths her brother could go to? Kat, Sharon and Sam are in shock as Phil makes a toast to Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor), with Kat revealing to Phil she was about to sign the bar over. Having none of it, he tells the ladies he is back and in control, but with Kat unsure how he made it out of prison, he soon swears her to secrecy for her own safety. More trouble comes Phil's way when Kat insists it's over between them, leaving Sharon to swoop in and express her love for him. Meanwhile, Sharon visits Kat to check in, but Kat shares some harsh words, she knows Sharon loves Phil. On edge after her confrontation with Kat, Sharon is nervous when Phil shows up and asks her if she was serious about loving him. Sharon is unsure what to say. Will Phil become sidetracked, reigniting his relationship with Sharon, leaving Sam to take over the empire? DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Kat Slater loses children as Alfie Moon returns [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Kim Fox heartbreak as secret exposed by Howie Danes [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Mitch Baker's dark past exposed [WATCH] If Phil and Zack are working together, Sam could be run out of Walford once again with no one on her side to help. It was recently revealed that Sam was behind her own shooting, which was part of her plan to take over from Phil. Last week, she was dramatically shot in the family’s war against gangster Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney). Thugs entered the building before the launch night of Peggy’s and threatened both Kat and Slater, with the women assuming they were sent by Jonah. Kat refused to back down and rowed with the hired thugs, which ended up with one of them pulling a gun and deciding to shoot Sam. Later, it was seen she was meeting up with the thugs and handed over payment for their services whilst jibing: "You weren’t meant to shoot me." Asking if they were done, Sam admitted: "Oh no, I’m just getting started," but was later caught by Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and blackmailed her into cutting her into her scam. Is this the end of Sam's plans before they have even begun? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.