Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley appeared on ITV’s Lorraine last week to speak about the heartbreaking storyline unravelling between him and his terminally ill mum Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter). Jeff revealed that in the scenes viewers got to see on Thursday evening (July 7), he didn’t expect to become that emotional. Fans of the soap were left in tears after they witnessed Cain explain the true pain he felt when his mother left him as a child. Speaking to his sister Chas (Lucy Pargeter), he told her that when he was younger, he convinced himself that she had passed away. He explained that believing this made it easier for him to come to terms with the reason she never came back for him. The mother and son have struggled to rebuild their relationship ever since, however, in recent scenes, viewers have been seeing a softer side to Cain.   At the end of Thursday’s episode, Faith was left crying as she told her son she didn’t want to go yet. He responded: “That makes two of us.” She told him that she loved him and always would before they watched the sunrise together hand in hand. Speaking about the highly emotional scenes to Lorraine, Jeff admitted that people were going to see a side to Cain they’d never seen before.   He said: “There was a scene we did that will be on this week and it took me by surprise as well. “I suppose I just connected with the script and the story. “Sometimes things happen and it was quite emotional.” Emmerdale bosses have confirmed that Sally’s character won’t survive the cancer, and this will be her last storyline.   Jeff told the host he was upset to be losing his onscreen mum as he had nothing but kind words to say about the actress. He said: "I'm so upset about losing Sally Dexter. “There are a few actors who come onto the set and you just can't take your eyes off them and what they do “We were doing something just last night and I was just mesmerised watching her.”   The soap star continued: “She's so good and she's just a joy to work with. “She's a great human being and I'm so sad we're losing her." In an interview with TV Times, Sally said it was “devastating” having to leave behind certain people she’s close to on set including Jeff. Speaking about her heartbreaking storyline, she said: “I think [the storyline] is excellent. I haven't read the scripts for her death, but I'm hoping it's as positive as it can be. “This isn't just a story about cancer; it's a wider story about family." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV. 