Sally joined the cast of Emmerdale in 2017 as the mischievous and troublesome Faith, the estranged mother of Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) and his sister, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). Despite leaving the ITV soap for a period of 18 months back in 2019, the actress's return to the show was welcomed by fans who had hoped this meant the villager was going to be sticking around for years to come. Unfortunately, just over a year later, Faith is set to be killed off after being diagnosed with secondary cancer and it's been reported her death was always on the cards. In heartbreaking scenes last week, Faith and her daughter Chas were told the chemotherapy was no longer working to subside the cancer. Knowing how ill she felt as a result of the chemotherapy, Sally's character decided to put a stop to any further form of treatment. Following a special episode looking back on her life with her children, it seems Faith's final days are going to see her surrounded by her family. It even seems her long-standing feud with Cain is going to be concluded as he seems to be making more of an effort with his mother. However, although it was her decision to bring an end to her character's life, Sally seems to have serious regrets over telling the show's bosses she would leave. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast presenters 'shed a tear' for Sue Barker over last match According to Sally, when she was approached to return as her formidable character, she asked producers if this could be the end for her alter-ego. In the actress's mind, Faith was going to save her children as a way of clearing her conscious for walking out on them when they were younger. She explained how she toyed with the idea of telling the producers to have a gunman enter the pub so her character could save the day. But, they had other ideas as following a previous cancer storyline the villager was involved in, they thought they would bring this back to the forefront of the show. With secondary cancer having a huge impact on individuals and their families, the team knew this was something viewers at home could relate to. Sally agreed to go down this route to ensure people knew "they are not alone" when it comes to facing such a life-threatening illness. However, it hasn't made the idea of leaving the show any easier as Sally explained: "I am hugely sad that it means I will be leaving again. "In fact, I have been asking myself why I suggested she died. It’s so fantastic working on Emmerdale," she said as she voiced her doubts. Though, she has come up with a way to make a return as she added: "I think I might start introducing the idea to them of having an Emmerdale ghost." In all seriousness, the actress said in an interview with The Mirror: "This storyline makes me realise how lucky I am." DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] "We never know what is going to happen and it is important we do make the very best of everything we can and all the people around us," Sally shared. It is not yet known when the soap star will be bowing out but in a recent episode, Faith explained she wouldn't be alive by Christmas. This means her loved ones only have a few short months left with her before she makes her permanent exit from the show. Sally has explained how she would like her character to go, however, with her alter-ego departing in a less dramatic way. The soap star said: "I want all of the Dingles to be there, and I’d love for Cain or Chas to help her put some lippy on." "I don’t want her to go without a bit of lippy on! If the hair isn’t quite right, she can stick on a fascinator," Sally added. With the actress leaving before Faith's funeral plays out, she has also offered her take on how she thinks the sendoff should be. Sally explained: "I haven’t suggested this to anyone, but I’d love it at her funeral if she could somehow, in a ghostly fashion, fly up and join in with some wonderful wild dancing, and you see her floating about, having a whale of a time. I’d like her to be able to give some comfort to her family after her death," she remarked in an interview with What To Watch. It seems fans of the weeknight serial drama are also devastated recent scenes have indicated the character is going to die. Taking to Twitter, viewer Claire wrote: "I still can’t get over the fact #emmerdale are killing off one of the best characters. Sally Dexter like yourself are needed in Emmerdale when you are so good." [sic] Kirsty added: "Oh my God @emmerdale got me good tonight, Cain and Faith at the end was just everything, I love that they have finally connected! "I'm going to miss Sally Dexter so much when she leaves, she is incredible, such a talent!" Shane posted on the social media platform: "Brilliant episode tonight, Sally Dexter (Faith will be sadly missed when she leaves #Emmerdale." "I still hate that #Emmerdale are killing Faith off. Sally dexter has been brilliant in this storyline so far. she will most definitely be missed," Jordan shared. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.