As she prepares to turn 75 later this month, Camilla was asked to guest-edit the 125th anniversary edition of Country Life magazine. The anniversary edition features photographs of Camilla and the duchess commissioned Prince William's wife Kate, who is a keen photographer, to photograph her for the cover portrait. According to Vanity Fair's royal editor Katie Nicholl, the pair are reportedly "very very close" and their close bond offers a glimpse into the new "Fab 4", which was previously a nickname given to the Cambridges and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Speaking on GB News, Ms Nicholl discussed Camilla and Kate's close relationship. Speaking on the new photographs of Camilla, Ms Nicholl said: "How lovely that she asked the Duchess of Cambridge to take this picture. Upon being asked by host Eamonn Holmes if the two are "close", the royal editor replied: "They're very very close, they really are. "It's interesting isn't it, we were sitting here talking about the fab four last time and, of course, that was Harry and Meghan and William and Kate and now we talk about a very different fab four. "We are talking about Charles and Camilla and William and Kate." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry spotted with Archie sucking lollipop and waving American flag on July 4th The official Instagram account of the Prince of Wales and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall announced the news that Camilla would be guest editing the 125th anniversary edition of Country Life magazine. The post read: "In celebration of The Duchess of Cornwall’s upcoming 75th birthday and the magazine’s 125th anniversary, Her Royal Highness has guest edited a special commemorative edition of @CountryLifeMagazine, to be published on Wednesday 13th July". The post also announced that the Duchess of Cambridge was commissioned by the Duchess of Cornwall to "capture the cover image". The photograph was taken at Camilla's home in Wiltshire, Raymill. READ MORE: 'Proud' William issues rare personal statement in heartwarming nod to England's Lionesses The publication also released a behind-the-scenes picture, which was taken by Shona Williams, Camilla’s country dresser. In an article about the cover shoot, Country Life’s managing and features editor Paula Lester said that the images taken by Kate were “so good” that the team “struggled to choose only three”. The publication also praised the Duchess of Cambridge, describing her as a “consummate professional”. DON'T MISS Ms Lester said: “The Duchess of Cambridge took her commission very seriously and was incredibly professional about the task at hand." Camilla isn't the first member of the Royal Family to take on the role of guest editor in recent years. Kate assumed this role at the Huffington Post UK in 2016. READ NEXT: