Joe Biden defeated former US president Donald Trump in the election in November 2020 in a tough-fought contest. Mr Biden took over while Covid-19 was surging in America and he has been forced to confront some deeply troubling world events such as the war in Ukraine. Support for the US President is sinking with Mr Biden’s approval ratings as low as they have ever been since he entered the White House, according to data from FiveThirtyEight. A poll published on July 1 showed Americans are overwhelmingly losing support for their President, with 55.9 percent disapproving of him. That compared to just 39.2 percent who approve of Mr Biden and hold a positive view of his work in office. READ MORE: Joe Biden admits to James Corden he is jealous of Boris A series of scandals have rocked America in the past few months and none are more pressing than laws on gun control and abortion. Tragically, a shooting in Uvalde, Texas on May 24 led to 21 people being killed at Robb Elementary School. Since then, there have been several more mass shootings in the United States which have resulted in more lives being lost, according to the Gun Violence Archive. The President vowed to do something about the issue after the event and signed a landmark bill imposing more stringent checks on young buyers. Speaking after Uvalde, Mr Biden said: “After Columbine, after Sandy Hook, after Charleston, after Orlando, after Las Vegas, after Parkland, nothing has been done. “This time, that can’t be true. This time, we must actually do something. The issue we face is one of conscience and common sense.” But the National Rifle Association still held its annual convention in Houston, Texas, just weeks after the violent incident, in a sign of America’s deep division on the issue. When the Supreme Court overturned the decision of Roe V Wade in June, an outpouring of anger spread across America as millions of women lost the right to get an abortion. It means about half the states in America are expected to introduce new restrictions or bans on abortion rules, as individual states are allowed to ban the procedure. DON'T MISS:Russia 'much weaker' as 'next three months' critical to end war [REPORT]Top ranked Belarussian troops rebel against Russian invasion [ANALYSIS]Putin humiliated after Russian navy sinks one of its OWN ships [INSIGHT] The US President is under pressure to reform America and tackle some of its long-standing divisions such as gun control and the pro-life vs pro-choice argument. This week, Mr Biden met with NATO leaders in Madrid to discuss the future of the alliance, but he returned to a country beset with domestic problems and rising inflation. On November 8, Americans will go to the polls in the country’s midterm elections for Congress where the Democrats have a thin majority. All 435 House seats and 35 of 100 Senate seats will take part in the election, as well as 36 states electing governors. Results from the election, which impact how laws are passed in the US, could have huge ramifications for Mr Biden’s ability to pass reform and prove to the electorate he can deliver positive change. 