Drivers have been searching for ways to cut their fuel bills this year, with record petrol and diesel prices decimating budgets at a time when other household bills are already at their highest level. Drivers can calculate the MPG themselves by filling up the tank with fuel and then resetting the trip odometer, then driving around as normal until the tank is half empty. At this point they should take another reading, which should tell drivers how many miles they’ve travelled since they last topped up. With those figures, they should divide them by the total number of gallons or litres they need to fill the tank with fuel. Aidan Rushby, CEO of Carmoola, said having a fuel-efficient car was crucial to ensure that everyone has the convenience and comfort of travelling from one place to another. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “When buying a car, it’s important to know its MPG or miles per gallon. By knowing the MPG of a car, you’ll have an idea about how fuel-efficient it is, how much you might need to spend on petrol or diesel, and whether you should opt for an electric or hybrid car instead. “MPGs can also help you compare different family cars so you can calculate and budget for fuel expenses. This is easier if you also know your average mileage. With a bit of computation, you’ll be able to know which family car is the most practical one for your driving needs.” Suzuki Across Skoda Octavia Ford Focus Peugeot 308 SW Volkswagen Golf READ MORE: Furious driver hits out at neighbour who parks in front of their house This family car is a medium-size SUV hybrid which has a 2.5-litre petrol engine and a plug-in hybrid powertrain to give it electrical assistance. It has been claimed that it has a fuel economy of 282mpg. The Across has been compared to another popular plug-in hybrid with the Toyota RAV4. DON'T MISSMother sparks debate after neighbours park on her drive for months [SHOCKING]Driver's fuel hack is slashing her petrol costs 'massive saving' [INSIGHT]Driver sparks fiery debate about families parking in disabled spaces [DEBATE] The Octavia hatchback has the same reputation as its petrol-engined counterpart in terms of being fuel-efficient. It has a 68.9mpg figure for its fuel consumption, making it among the most frugal diesel cars on the market. The Czech brand is known for their fuel-efficient models, with the Octavia’s 113bhp output being perfect for motorway cruising. To get the best fuel economy for frequent long-distance driving, motorists can opt for the 1.5-litre diesel-engined Ford Focus. The most fuel-efficient petrol and hybrid versions of the Ford Focus can return up to 51.4mph and 56.5mpg respectively. If drivers want to go that extra mile further, they can take a look at the diesel version which has 118bhp and can return 67.3mpg. The petrol-powered family car can return an impressive 54.9 miles per gallon. Unlike its hybrid counterpart, the 308 SW has no electric motor to give it assistance and reduce its fuel consumption. While the Peugeot 308 SW doesn’t have a very powerful engine, it can produce 108bhp and 205Nm so drivers can expect power in reserve for their driving needs. One of the most iconic and popular car models in the world is tried and tested by millions, especially with its 1.0-litre mild-hybrid petrol engine. It’s comparable to the Skoda Octavia and the Audi A3, and with a return of 54.3mpg, it can match the Peugeot 308 SW. The engine is decent and sufficient with its 108 bhp and 200Nm of torque, plus it can go from zero to 60mph in just 10.2 seconds.