From the student accommodation the Duchess of Cambridge lived in while she was studying at university, to the picturesque family home she lived in with her mother Carole and father Michael, Kate has lived in a variety of different homes. The Cambridge’s are also reported to move their three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor Great Park in the near future. Before meeting William, Kate and her younger siblings attended Marlborough College, a co-ed boarding school. It currently costs over £36,000 a year to board at the Wiltshire school. Princess Eugenie also went to the same school. Growing up, the royal lived in a gorgeous property known as Oak Acre. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to remove limescale from shower hoses Located in Bucklebury village, Kate’s family moved to the detached home when she was 13 years old. Their £1.5million property has a red brick exterior, Georgian-style windows and stunning flower beds. In 2001, the Duchess enrolled at the University of St.Andrews in Scotland, where she was to meet Prince William,. Kate spent her first year at the university living in St.Salvator’s Hall, which was split into male and female quarters. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to ‘repel’ spiders as they enter homes [COMMENT]‘Incompatible’ crops which ‘don’t mix well’ in the garden [EXPLAINER]Pests: ‘Common signs’ you have a infestation in your garden [EXPERT] William and Kate eventually went to live together with mutual friends off-campus. Before becoming a member of the Royal Family, Kate shared an apartment on Old Church Street in Chelsea, London, with her sister Pippa Middleton. The home had three floors with three bedrooms, one master suite with an en-suite, two bathrooms, a large living room, dining room, kitchen and a guest bathroom. The sisters moved out of the home once Kate had married Prince William in 2011. READ MORE: Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine It sold for £1.88million in September 2019. Kate’s parents upgraded their home in 2012 after their £1.5million home was deemed not private enough. The seven-bedroom Grade II-listed Georgian manor is much more secluded. Located on an 18 acre estate, the grounds have a tennis court and swimming pool. While it belongs to Kate’s parents, the Duchess and William stayed there for several months following the birth of their first child, Prince George. The couple even shared their first official family portrait from the garden of the huge estate. In 2011, they relocated to Anglesey, where William served as an RAF Valley search and rescue pilot. The couple rented a four-bedroom farmhouse on Bodorgan Home Farm for approximately £750 a month. It offered them access to a private beach and had beautiful views of Newborough Forest. William later described the home as “an immensely special place”. The Queen gifted the royals Anmer Hall, located on the Sandringham Estate in 2013. They renovated the huge home before moving in. Kensington Palace is their full-time residence, and their 20-room apartment has plenty of space for the family. Royal fans have been given plenty of insights into Apartment 1A over the last couple of years as the couple performed royal duties from the palace during the pandemic.