Police dog handler Rob brought Trigger along to find out if the intense back pain he was experiencing could be healed so he could continue his beloved work, or at least recover to an extent he could live comfortably. There was a lot riding on Supervet Noel Fitzpatrick though because if Trigger could no longer work, he'd have to be removed from Rob's household, which would leave him and his family heartbroken. As Noel analysed Trigger's condition, the dog squealed and cried in pain, leaving fans of the Channel 4 series in tears. The new series of Supervet began on Thursday, with more stories of much-loved pets receiving specialist treatment. The Met Police dog was diagnosed with a painful spinal condition called Degenerative Lumbosacral Stenosis. Noel explained to Rob that he would have to conduct three tests to see how much pain Trigger was in, and warned him it could be painful for him. "I don't want to cause him pain, but I've got to document the pain and unfortunately, it's very subjective," Noel remarked. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star "Sure," a concerned Rob replied. Noel instructed Rob to hold Trigger's head while he checked the dog. "Alright big guy, I'm going to check you out now," Noel told the dog. As he felt for Trigger's pain points, the service dog screeched in agony and cried, trying to free himself from Noel. As Noel apologised, he decided if Trigger was still in pain after 12 weeks, he wouldn't be able to return to work or Rob. Dog-lovers tuned into the programme couldn't help but be moved to tears by Trigger's cries. Twitter user @sioned41793373 commented: "Bawling already #Supervet." @alix266 added: "I think I must be hormonal…#supervet has barely started and I am already close to sobbing at the intro." @Carer49 penned: "5 minutes in and we’re already bawling.  Poor Trigger xx #Supervet." DON'T MISS... The Handmaid's Tale season 5 theory: Janine to be groomed into an Aunt [THEORY]Richard Osman pays tribute to Pointless co-star Alexander 'I'm lucky' [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Jack Webster taken by social services [LATEST] @SupervetNet asked: "Just how beautiful is Trigger? #Supervet." "Paws crossed for Trigger #Supervet #policedogs," @Furbabiespetsuk wrote. Several viewers expressed how pleased they were to have the series back. @Lady_Rachelle72 shared: "The return of #SuperVet oh how I have missed the genuine care and dedication this man puts into every single animal!! Fingers crossed for Trigger and Raven!! #fitpatrickreferals." (sic) Noel himself also tweeted about the episode, writing: "Terrific Met Police Dog Trigger. "A special boy with an amazing work ethic and an incredible bond with his partner/dad Rob. "It is a privilege to have been entrusted with his care." Thankfully, Trigger made a full recovery and after Noel conducted the three tests once again, Trigger felt no pain. The end of the episode confirmed Trigger had returned to work. The Supervet continues on Thursday at 8pm on Channel 4.