Denny (played by Kai Bradbury) arrived in Virgin River to reconnect with his estranged grandfather Vernon ‘Doc’ Mullins (Tim Matheson). Netflix viewers watched as Doc opened his arms wide open to the grandson he never knew he had but there was always something fishy going on with Denny and the way he acted around the town. His suspicious behaviour was seemingly explained in the season four finale when he came clean to Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) about his terminal illness - but will season five prove there’s more than meets the eye? There were a number of instances when Denny’s behaviour came into question not just among Virgin River viewers, but the characters on-screen too. For instance, Mel (Alexandra Breckenridge) found him breaking into the medicine cabinet at Doc’s practice, although Denny insisted it was to cure a headache. Doc was also on the receiving end of warnings from the likes of Connie (Nicola Cavendish) and Muriel (Teryl Rothery), with the latter citing an example involving an old friend of hers. Muriel explained her old pal Laney Baxter had a niece who convinced her to let her move in before gaining access to her bank accounts, stealing the funds and skipping town. READ MORE: Virgin River season 5 theory: Brie death sealed after Don return clue Doc laughed away the suggestion but Denny fueled the theory when rifling through Doc’s financial statements. Denny eventually explained to Doc the reason for the intrusion was to ensure the money left by his father’s life insurance could go back into the clinic - a heartwarming gesture. Not only that, but he explained his odd behaviour towards Lizzie and breaking into the medicine cabinet was to help aid his Huntington’s disease - again, a seemingly credible reason. However, a new theory from Express.co.uk could suggest Denny still has plans to access funds - whether it be to help with his illness or for purely monetary reasons. And it stems from one scene in Doc’s practice between Mel, Dr Cameron Hayek (Mark Ghanimé) and lovable Virgin River regular, Bert (Trevor Lerner). Bert had health concerns about his wife Shirley (Ellie Harvie) in episode five of the fourth run and asked Mel and Cameron to deliver the news. Mel told Bert that Shirley had lupus, a disease where the immune system attacks the body before Cameron left Bert shellshocked by revealing there wasn’t a cure. Instead, Mel suggested treatment and medication can help control the symptoms, which prompted Bert to passionately say: “I don’t care what the cost is.” DON'T MISS:Alexandra Breckenridge admits she and Jack star ‘don’t talk a lot'Virgin River season 5 theory: Jack NOT the dad of Mel’s babyVirgin River theory: Charmaine's twins' real father exposed after Preacher clue Despite Shirley protesting by pointing out lupus “practically bankrupted” her aunt, Cameron revealed treatment could rack up an annual bill of $36,000. Shirley dismissed the suggestion and rubbished the idea of accepting charitable donations to help but with Bert determined not to let her illness go untreated, it sounds like going forward the money will have to come from somewhere. So where does Denny lie within this? Well, the scene prior showed Doc telling Denny he could move into the clinic on the second floor rather than staying at the B&B. Denny may have overheard Bert and Shirley’s news as well as the fact they would soon have to start funnelling money into the clinic in order to gain her treatment. While the location of his new room is one clue, another could be the fact that Denny’s good deed could come back to haunt him. He’s tied all of his money into the clinic now as well, meaning going forward, he may soon realise he doesn’t have the money he needs for treatment or for his lifestyle. Knowing the money is coming in from Bert, could he take the devastating steps to steal from the Virgin River local to fund his own care? After all, fans witnessed Denny had no problems sneaking around in season four and knew no boundaries, another clue which perhaps supports the theory. Fans will have to wait until season five rolls around to find out whether Denny is being as truthful as he seems. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.