The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived at the UN headquarters in New York on Monday, where Harry delivered the keynote speech to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. During his speech, the Duke warned that the "world is on fire". Speaking on TalkTV, host Julia Hartley-Brewer discussed the Duke's speech with royal correspondent Rupert Bell, who seemed baffled by Harry's "world on fire" comment. Speaking to Rupert, Ms Hartley-Brewer, speaking about Harry's "world on fire" comment, said: "What's he going on about?". Mr Bell replied: "Well, I wish I knew. "I just don't know what the point of the speech was. "There was nothing new that he said, there's nothing original". READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'blinkered young man' as Meghan shuts down 'offensive British banter' He added: "We know that Roe vs Wade is a controversial subject but if the American Supreme Court decide, because that is the way their system works, whether you agree with it or not, that is democracy working. "It may be something that has upset great sways of America, and yes I get it, but at the same time, there is a system in place." Mr Bell also added that the only reason Harry was invited is because "he is the Duke of Sussex from an organisation that he wanted away from". The Duke used his time on stage to talk about climate change, the war in Ukraine, global assault on democracy and freedom, and the Roe vs Wade court case. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry face humiliating Netflix setback as 'a lot chose not to turn up' to UN This is the first time the couple were seen publicly since they returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. The day was established by the UN's General Assembly in 2009 to honour Mr Mandela's life and legacy. Mandela, then aged 91, asked people to celebrate him by supporting their communities. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] During his speech, the Duke of Sussex revealed that he has a picture of his mum, the late Diana, Princess of Wales meeting Nelson Mandela on his wall. The image is one that the Duke said he treasures. Princess Diana met Mandela in Cape Town, South Africa, just three months before her death in August 1997. Shortly after Harry and Meghan tied the knot, the couple visited South Africa with their son, Archie. READ NEXT: