Yellowstone fans are itching to know whether Caroline Warner will be successful in taking over the Dutton ranch, but it seems the tables are turning in the property battle as they spot a major casting clue. Everyone wants to know the fate of the Dutton ranch after Caroline Warner's threat to it during the season four finale. Fans think they may have worked it out and it doesn't look good for the CEO of Market Equities. Following the revelation Beth may reconnect with a friend from the past and rumours of an old face returning have sent viewers into a frenzy. The future may not be so bleak for the daughter of cattle ranch owners, John and Evelyn Dutton. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Tipped to reunite with someone from the past, Beth Dutton has thus far been on the back foot when it came to her feud with business woman Caroline Warner. Notorious for shutting people out, the news came as a shock to fans used to the secretive, lonesome nature of the character. Prickly and less than forthcoming, the hint of a reconnection also mentions the individual resembles the conniving Dutton daughter. Allegedly, this new face could be a formidable alliance for Beth with the potential to stand up against Caroline and her forces. TV Line revealed: "Season 5 will find [Kelly] Reilly’s Beth reconnecting with someone from her past — and to say these old friends are two mercurial peas in a pod is an understatement.” The clue brought with it fan speculation and after a bit of digging they think they know who the newcomer may be. Flooding Reddit threads, supporters of Beth shared their theories surrounding the appearance of a certain Sarah Atwood. Jalynt13 wrote: "I think it might be this new character. I could be wrong." DON'T MISS...1883’s Faith Hill admits feeling ‘intimidated’ by Yellowstone co-star [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Caroline’s victory over Beth sealed [THEORY]1883’s Isabel May opens up on feeling ‘miserable’ during tough shoot [INSIGHT] The comment was in reference to a Variety article line that read: "Olivieri, who appeared in a recurring part in the “Yellowstone” prequel series “1883” will a new character Sarah Atwood, a corporate shark new to Montana.” Other speculation included a "Mr Daniels" that also appeared in the prequel 1883. The same user who hinted at a new character introduction explained: "Mr. Daniels was mentioned in Season 1 when Beth is talking to Kayce when he comes home. "Kayce asks about him. Beth alludes to them breaking up." Dobes_24 offered another suggestion: "My guess is that the "friend" Beth meets up with is really not a friend at all but Willa back for revenge. "Ha Ha Ha! Wouldn't that be the storm of the century? "Or maybe it's just Summer back from her shortened stint in prison. Probably more likely." Set to premier November 13, fans will have to endure a few more months of theorising before they learn the truth. In the meantime, watch Yellowstone season four on Paramount+.