John McEnroe has described Nick Kyrgios as ‘not normal’ and has expressed doubts over whether the Australian will fully commit to tennis after finishing runner-up at Wimbledon. Kyrgios threatened a major upset after winning the first set of his showdown clash with perennial Grand Slam champion Novak Djokovic but ultimately lost to the Serb in four sets. Djokovic secured a seventh Wimbledon title but Kyrgios’ performance left a lasting impression. However, there remains doubt over his commitment to the sport having reached the first Grand Slam final of his career. McEnroe has described world No 45 Kyrgios as the most talented player of the last decade. The 63-year-old pointed out the Australian is generally successful even when he performs shots that are ‘not normal’. “Forget the stuff where he’s screaming and yelling because his shot-making is incredible. Okay hitting between your legs on pretty important points is not normal, but this guy pulls it off most of the time,” McEnroe told tennis365. JUST IN: Becker protested against as prisoners' families moan about privilege Kyrgios candidly revealed that he would have struggled to motivate himself to compete at future tournaments had he beaten Djokovic. “I feel like if I had won today, I would have struggled with motivation. I’ve been told my entire life winning Wimbledon is the ultimate achievement,” the 27-year-old said. The eccentric ace received £14,500 in fines on his way to the Wimbledon final and has been criticised for his on-court behaviour. And McEnroe hopes that Kyrgios can put that part of his game to one side to allow him to consistently challenge for majors. DON'T MISS...Roger Federer sets tennis fans on edge with 'time will tell comment'Wimbledon consider Russian ban in 2023 as LTA prepare legal showdownEmma Raducanu continues record-breaking run despite Wimbledon loss “We are all assessing the odds of whether he will commit to tennis now and while I have doubts that he will, I’d love to see him do it,” McEnroe continued. “Nick is probably the most talented player the game has seen in the last decade and I like him as a person. I coached him at the Laver Cup four times. He’s a good kid, but he just has to commit to tennis. “We want to see this guy on a tennis court and would rather not be guessing when he is going to shout at his box. I am probably not one to talk about being angry on court because I had my own problems in that department, but I hope Nick sees what’s possible here.” He added: “Hopefully he’ll decide that something is worth making the commitment for a couple of years. I’m not thinking that it’s likely, but hopefully I’m wrong. I want to be wrong because Nick going all-in with tennis would be incredibly positive for our sport.”