Adele has become a weight loss hero for many out there, with experts estimating she has lost around 7st over the course of her music career. And while many may think eating less will help them achieve their weight loss goals, the singer revealed she actually "eats more" than she used to while dropping the weight. She previously confirmed to British Vogue that any rumours suggesting she lost weight by dieting are false. The singer made clear she didn't follow any usual weight loss hacks, stating: "No intermittent fasting. Nothing. "If anything I eat more than I used to because I work out so hard." She began working with her personal trainer Pete Geracimo, following the birth of her son, who she shares with ex-husband Simon Konecki. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She adopted the weight lifting and circuit training regime, explaining to British Vogue that during quarantine, she worked out three times a day. "I do my weights in the morning, then I normally hike or I box in the afternoon, and then I go and do my cardio at night," she said. And during an interview with Oprah, Adele shared her impressive progress when it comes to deadlifting. Starting with just 10 pounds, she slowly worked her way up to a majorly impressive 170 pounds, which she lifts regularly. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I'm an athlete, I love it," she beamed. And her new-found love for fitness is what saw the weight fall off. Geracimo previously explained on Instagram that Adele’s weight loss wasn’t the reason she started her fitness journey, but rather to get back into exercise after giving birth, improve her overall health and boost her immune system, alongside other goals. He wrote: "When Adele and I started our journey together, it was never about getting super skinny. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "It was about getting her healthy. Especially post pregnancy and post surgery." He continued: "When 25 dropped and the tour announced, we had to get ready for a 13-month gruelling schedule. "In that time, she warmed to training and made better food choices. As a result, she lost considerable weight and people took notice." Adele's drastic change in appearance also led her to clarify the reasons behind it. In 2019, the singer went through a lot of emotional upheaval, what with her divorce from Konecki and recovering from vocal cord surgery two years prior. While many people "had to face a lot of their demons" during the national coronavirus lockdowns, Adele said she "did that the year before". "It became my time. I realised that when I was working out, I didn’t have any anxiety," she explained to Vogue. "It was never about losing weight," she shrugged. "I thought, If I can make my body physically strong, and I can feel that and see that, then maybe one day I can make my emotions and my mind physically strong." She began her journey by starting with her core strength, adding: "I have a bad back and I had a C-section, so I had just nothing going on down there."