After recently confirming her engagement on BBC Breakfast, weather presenter Carol Kirkwood opened up about her upcoming wedding. As she lifted the lid on her special day, Carol shared a joke about her mystery fiance while speaking to on BBC Radio 2.  In May, Carol confirmed her engagement as she reported live from the Chelsea Flower Show during BBC Breakfast. Her colleague Sally Nugent first spilt the beans as she commented: “I'm a bit concerned about how you're standing up with a giant rock on that left hand.” As Sally laughed, Carol flashed the diamond and responded: “Thank you Sal! It is rather nice. I got engaged!” Although the presenter had decided the keep the identity of her fiance hidden, Sally did shed light on her engagement. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands  On Friday, the meteorologist joined presenter Zoe Ball for a chat on the BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show where they also discussed her recent book. Detailing her eventful year, Sally stated: “It’s been an amazing year, getting engaged, the books come out, I’m here on your show, “What could be better?” the BBC meteorologist exclaimed excitedly. Zoe shared: “Carol when I heard the news about your engagement my heart leapt because you’re a gorgeous woman and he’s very lucky to have you.  “And he sounds pretty fabulous too,” the presenter added. The pair laughed as Carol admitted: “D’you know I tell him that all the time, the former not the latter. “Just keep on reminding him,” former It Takes Two host Zoe laughed. The 60-year-old was then quizzed about her wedding plans, to which she confirmed: “I’ve definitely not changed my mind. “We’re definitely getting married, it’s definitely happening but we have no plans at the moment.” DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [INSIGHT]Where are the cast of Only Fools and Horses now? [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood branded 'shameless' by Matt Tebbutt [INSIGHT] Carol also opened up about her previous relationship and stated: "The last time I was engaged was 40 years ago. “So, it’s just nice, just wallowing in this period of being engaged. “We will get married but we’ve both been very busy but we haven't planned anything at all, as yet. “ During an interview on The One Show, Carol dropped hints about her fiance's identity as she revealed one of the characters in her book was named after him.  However, in some resurfaced interviews the presenter did explain why she chose to keep him hidden. Last year, she detailed: “He’s only a secret boyfriend because I never talk about him. “I always feel that through my job, I put myself in the public eye and am very happy, but my partner and my family and my friends haven’t, so I’m hugely respectful of their privacy.” Carol added: “I just don’t talk about them, other than to say that my partner is drop-dead gorgeous, he’s funny, he makes me very happy.” 