Alex Salmond was quizzed over his involvement with Russian state-controlled media network RT. The former Scottish First Minister has hosted his regular slot of The Alex Salmond Show on the Russian network since 2017. Mr Salmond postponed the show in February of this year in response to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, an act he maintained came as a “substantial shock.” Broadcaster Iain Dale questioned Mr Salmond’s prolonged involvement with RT, suggesting the former Scottish leader had failed to react to numerous early warning signs of Russian aggression.    Speaking on LBC, Mr Salmond said: “I’ve opposed every illegal invasion, regardless of the country, over the last thirty years.” Host Mr Dale queried his statement as he added: “I don’t remember you opposing what Putin did in Ukraine on your RT programme. “It was obvious to many of us that an invasion was coming.” The former SNP leader replied: “In that case, you were several steps ahead of much opinion - too many people it was a substantial surprise.”    Mr Salmond continued: “I must confess that the invasion of Ukraine this last February was a substantial shock. “I think it was a dramatic mistake by Vladimir Putin, as well as being an illegal invasion. “It was a move I did not expect and I suspect I’m not alone in being taken by surprise.” He appeared to mock Mr Dale as he added: “If only you’d been advising the UK Government.” Read more: Brexit 'shatters Scotland's EU ambitions'  RT describes The Alex Salmond Show as a “political chat program” which “vows to battle the mainstream media narrative.” The RT network is controlled and funded by the Kremlin with headquarters in Moscow but broadcasts around the globe. Mr Salmond said: “Stopping people going on RT or any other broadcaster is not how you bring about international peace. “I think the very last thing that would have been worrying Vladimir Putin over the last few years is whether or not Government Ministers from the UK were prepared to go on RT.” Don't miss: Russian pundit boasts death penalty sentence will ‘sober up’ UK [INSIGHT]Alex Salmond sparks outrage over party's plea for 'Russian interests' [REPORT]Alex Salmond ordered to quit Russia-backed talk show [REVEAL] He asserted: “I pulled the programme on the day of the invasion because, as I say, I’ve opposed every illegal invasion for the last 30 years.” In response to President Putin’s attack on Ukraine, global broadcasts of RT were promptly restricted, including RT content distributed across social media platforms, over concerns the network would spread pro-war propaganda. As Putin’s ‘special military operation’ within Ukraine unfolded, Mr Salmond’s prolonged involvement with RT quickly came under scrutiny as his political colleagues condemned the broadcaster. Current First Minister Nicola Sturgeon branded Mr Salmond’s work with RT as “unthinkable” and urged the former SNP leader to reflect on his decision to collaborate with Russian state-controlled media. Read next: Iran turns on Putin and demands 'war must be stopped'Russian troops look terrified as they witness Ukrainian attack remainsRussian TV pundit plots 'retribution' after Ukraine bomb ammo dumpState of emergency rocks EU as gas panic grips membersPutin's shocking progress exposed by MoD: 'No advances!'