Pauley Perrette may have said farewell to the world on NCIS back in 2018 but it’s safe to say plenty of the CBS drama’s fans still keep up with what the star’s up to now. After retiring from acting following the cancellation of CBS sitcom Broke, Perrette has been enjoying time away from the spotlight, fundraising for charities and spending time honing her crafts at home. However, in her latest Twitter update, Perrette revealed her passion for gardening took a turn due to the excessive temperatures hitting Earth this month. Just like the UK, Los Angeles in the USA was also victim to a heatwave earlier this month. And it seems that the weather conditions have plagued Perrette’s home gardening projects. To her 709k followers, Perrette shared a post delving into the struggles she’s endured through her latest green-fingered project. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update “As an obsessive #gardener and #plant grower and lover of the earth…” Perrette began. “Most of my food bearing plants burned up this year.” However, it wasn’t all bad news for the former NCIS favourite as she ended her update on a positive note. She added alongside a snap of vine tomatoes: “But this was my harvest the other day and I ate it and it was delicious and perfect! “I will have more to come!” Perrette promised as she concluded her social media post. And judging by the reactions of her followers, it seems Perrette isn’t the only one to experience these kind of struggles. Dione Umbach shared her support by replying: “So sorry to hear about your other plants but so glad to see this one has made it through! “Tomatoes are some of my favorite foods! There’s nothing like eating something straight from the garden!” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 14: Fans sent into frenzy as crew member shares peekNCIS season 20: Torres star sparks frenzy as he teases ‘change' NCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula dealt huge blow as new show axed by NBC While Nathalie Brinkman added: “Having food from your own garden is the best thing. Currently I have an overgrowing bramberry bush thats full with bramberries. They are sweet with a mild sour kick. “Atm, its the only edible thing thats growing as I have to tackle a massive underground japanese knotweed first.” Brad Trageser praised, meanwhile: “YOU ARE AMAZING. How are your cactus doing. Stay Safe...ALWAYS Stay You Pauley-girl.” And Turckoski Michel also touched on the difficulties caused by the weather: “In France too many burned. It's good to be positive, good future harvest…."  Tim Murphy weighed in with his own battle: “The tomato plants my mother grew in the garden in the front yard of my house aren't doing too well, though I'm glad your plants are doing better!” While Bhavita Mahajan simply encouraged: “Keep up the good work and look forward to seeing more.” (Sic) Perrette may be enjoying time away from acting but NCIS is still going strong on NCIS in Abby Sciuto’s absence. In fact, the show’s 20th season is currently in production and set to air in September. NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS in the USA on September 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced.