Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 75, is midway through her three-day visit to Cornwall with her husband, Prince Charles, 73. The couple visited Charlestown School on Tuesday in St. Austell, Cornwall. The Duchess of Cornwall is the patron of Silver Stories, a charity that arranges for children to read over the phone to older members of the community who may be isolated or vulnerable.  Charles and Camilla are on a three-day visit to the southwestern region to celebrate the Prince of Wales’ 70th year as the Duke of Cornwall. Today, the Duchess wore a three-quarter length dress in blue. This dress is a repeat wear for Camilla who previously wore it to meet Queen Rania of Jordan in November 2021. The gown boasted little flecks of black and white.  It cinched in her small waist and then gathered into pleats, falling below her knees. She paired the gown with a simple pair of nude kitten heels from Sole Bliss. Camilla loves block heels from this company as she has previously admitted to suffering from bunions. The Duchess' dress fastened at the front with a zip.  She accessorised with the Van Cleef & Arpels Vintage Alhambra yellow-gold agate bracelet. This is retailed at Selfridges, so non-royals can also get their hands on this beautiful bracelet. However, the accessory is priced at an expensive £3,950. Describing the bracelet, which is made of 18ct gold and agate, Selfridges said: "Feeling lucky? Well, you will be with this Vintage Alhambra bracelet from Van Cleef & Arpels by your side.  READ MORE: Prince Charles cracks joke as he and Camilla battle brutal heatwave "Designed with the brand’s first iconic Alhambra design – a four-leaf clover (that’s practically overflowing with luck) – each agate motif is bordered with delicate beading and linked on a fine cable chain. "Handcrafted in yellow-gold, it will sit perfectly alongside the matching necklace while doubling your luck in the process…" Camilla went without the matching necklace today but still looked chic and stylish. Her chosen bracelet perfectly matched the shade of her dress.  On her other wrist, Camilla wore a simple gold bangle. The Duchess wore a gold pendant which appeared to show the constellations of her star sign, Cancer. Camilla just recently celebrated her 75th birthday on July 17. The Duchess could also be seen carrying a large Wicker handbag as she braved the hottest day in the UK so far. 