Manchester United sources have reportedly described the booing aimed at Harry Maguire during the Red Devils’ 3-1 pre-season victory over Crystal Palace on Tuesday as some sort of “weird pantomime.” United were in imperious form during their clash at the Melbourne Cricket Ground as they produced their third consecutive win of the summer. Maguire endured a miserable campaign last time out as he struggled to make an impact on an underperforming United side. The centre-back cut a frustrated figure on the pitch time and time again as the Red Devils conceded four or more goals during six of their Premier League matches. United went on to finish sixth in the top-flight after exiting the Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early rounds. And Maguire was often made the scapegoat for their failings. The 13-time Premier League champions appointed Erik ten Hag as their new manager earlier this summer, with the club aiming to rediscover the form that made them perennial title challengers once upon a time. And Ten Hag’s reign has started well as his side thrashed Liverpool 4-0 in Thailand, before overcoming Melbourne Victory 4-1 in Australia. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd may axe star, Chelsea bid 'rejected'    And on Tuesday, they had too much for the Eagles as goals from Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho put the game to bed, before Joel Ward notched a consolation. But the hangover from last season was clearly audible in the stands as some United fans booed Maguire every time he touched the ball. The England international actually produced a fine display and looked comfortable in Ten Hag’s new system as he completed 64 minutes before being substituted. And United sources clearly found the booing rather bizarre, with their “weird pantomime” comparison being reported by The Telegraph. DON'T MISS...Raphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing in Barca debutBarcelona: De Jong ‘open to Chelsea transfer’ and has bad Man Utd viewChelsea stung by former Man Utd boss Van Gaal in failed transfer      Following his struggles last season, there have been suggestions that Maguire could be stripped of the captaincy and lose his place in the United side. But Ten Hag has already revealed that the 29-year-old can find form and confidence by keeping hold of the armband. “It can help,” said Ten Hag. “I will support him everywhere I can. In the end he has to do it by himself and he has the qualities to do it. He has showed it so often in the past.” And the Dutchman has also insisted that Maguire is still a first-choice starter. “I think he is,” added the 52-year-old. “He’s proved it in the past but he has also to prove it in the present time and in the future. The captain is a really important one and I’m happy with him. He has played 60 times for England. Harry is really impressive and I expect a lot from him.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. 