Stacey Solomon, 32, is set to marry EastEnders actor Joe Swash, 40, in a summer ceremony later this month. The Loose Women panellist could not contain her excitement over the weekend as she gave her social media followers an insight into her life as her big day approaches. Stacey took to her Instagram Stories to show her 5.3 million followers the thoughtful detail she had prepared for her wedding guests. “I’m at work now trying to squeeze all my filming in before the big day," she captioned the picture. "But I sat and did these this afternoon. My whole tummy is turning every day that goes by." She continued: "Put these in a bucket of sand and will keep them in the old bath outside until the day. "We thought it would be nice if everyone lights a sparkler with us after the sun goes down on our special day." In a follow-up post, Stacey went through her tasks for the rest of the day as she reflected with a cup of tea in hand. She typed: “Made myself the biggest cup of tea possible to set me up for a HOT two last days of Sort Your Life Out! "It's so full on busy at the minute so I can squeeze in all of my commitments ahead of the wedding so Joe and me can spend proper family time together after. "So sorry I'm a bit quiet but just two more days and I can get into FULL wedding swing! Happy Sunday Everyone. Hope you have a lovely day and stay safe in the heatwave." Over the weekend, Stacey invited her Loose Women co-stars over to Pickle Cottage for a celebratory dinner ahead of her nuptials. During the party, Stacey’s TV star friends gave speeches ahead of Stacey’s long-awaited vow exchange. Stacey took to social media to share an insight into the dinner, as she recounted their bus journey from the studio to Pickle Cottage. READ MORE...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] In one video, Jane Moore could be seen giving an emotional, 12-minute speech. "You're completely amazing, you're very authentic, very real," Jane said to Stacey as everyone began to laugh. Jane continued: "And very, very misunderstood. I think less so now, but in the early days people misunderstood you. Jane explained: "They thought maybe that you were, you know, not sort of like super bright, and you are so bright. "And Stacey will sit me down sometimes in a show and she'll go, 'So tell me the difference between the Senate and the House of Representatives?' "And I'm like, 'Oh my God!’ You're amazing," Jane finished as everyone started toasting to Stacey and Joe. In the caption, Stacey wrote: "I don't have any videos or pictures because I put my phone away. "All I have is this video my mum recorded of Jane's speech because she was so proud and a photo of the Loose team. Here's a snippet of the speech, it was 12 minutes long," she penned alongside laughing faces.