The Senedd is set to vote on the Welsh Government’s plans to introduce a national 20mph speed limit on residential roads on Tuesday. If the law is passed, it will result in the current 30pmh speed limit being reduced to 20mph on most residential roads and busy streets. Welsh leading active travel groups have claimed that the move will see Wales become the first country in the world to introduce such measures. The aim of the new policy is to reduce the number of road traffic collisions and improve air quality. On top of that, those who favour the new measures claim that they will reduce noise pollution and encourage motorists to shift away from cars. If the Senedd votes in favour of the policy, it is expected to come into force from September 17, 2023. READ MORE: Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware The Government is estimating that the move will also save money in the long run. Ministers claimed that it will cost £33million to implement the changes. However, they expect the new speed limit to save £58million by reducing the use of emergency services and hospital admissions. Those who support the move added that pedestrians are 40 percent less likely to die when hit by a vehicle travelling at 20mph compared to 30mph. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to clean their cars or face fines up to £5,000 [WARNING] Cheapest electric cars drivers should buy as fuel prices skyrocket [REVEAL] Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [INSIGHT] Graham Conway, Managing Director at Select Car Leasing, said: “Since safety is always the number one priority on the roads, we would encourage drivers to welcome this new rule change. Measures being put in place to make roads safer are never a bad thing. “20mph zones certainly reduce the likelihood of accidents on the road, and in the event that accidents do occur, reduces the chances of serious injuries. “However, it is important to note that speed limit reductions do not eliminate all kinds of danger, in fact, new kinds of problems can arise when traffic is going slow. “One thing we would expect to see an increase in is incidents of tailgating. “When traffic is slow, some motorists will act impatiently and drive too close to the vehicle in front of them, in an attempt to gain ground. “This can be very dangerous because when there is not a safe distance kept between vehicles, the chances of a collision increase significantly. “Should something happen that causes the vehicle to brake suddenly, you might not have enough time to stop your vehicle if you are not keeping a safe distance. “To stay safe on the roads, drivers should aim to keep a two to three-second brake distance between themselves and the vehicle directly in front of them. “We would urge local police services in Wales to be as strict as possible with dangerous tailgating actions, as they are imposing the speed limit". Nonetheless, not everyone is convinced by the new measures. READ MORE: 'Important': One-third of second-hand car sales to be electric by 2030 The Welsh Conservatives have voiced their disappointment in the policy. Sam Rowlands, MS for North Wales: "I met with local councillor Adie Drury and residents in Buckley, this morning who are extremely frustrated at the pilot scheme which has led to roads through the town having a 20mph speed limit instead of 30mph. "They are quite rightly very concerned as they believe that pollution is increasing because cars have to drive in a lower gear and wait longer at traffic lights, there have also been more accidents and the cost of the scheme is thought to be in the region of £33million across Wales which would be better spent on more teachers, doctors and nurses. "The trial has certainly caused a lot of problems for people living in Buckley and I am angry on their behalf as there does appear to be a lack of public awareness around these changes. "I do support letting councils put 20mph speed limits outside schools, hospitals and other areas where evidence shows it’s a benefit, but a blanket 20mph speed limit across urban roads in Wales is just not right." Others disagreed, including Stephen Edwards, chief executive of Living Streets. Mr Edwards, whose charity advocates a walking-based approach to travel, said: “This would be life-changing legislation because slower speeds will improve the places where we live, work and go to school. “It’s simple: slower speeds save lives – and I urge Members of the Senedd to support the 20mph in the vote on 12 July and help make our streets and pavements safe and accessible for everyone in our communities.” Christine Boston, director of sustainably travel organisation Sustrans Cymru, added: "Sustrans Cymru joins Living Streets and Cycling UK in calling for Members of the Senedd to support the proposals, because 20mph defaults will help make communities across Wales safer and more attractive places to walk, wheel and cycle. "We believe that everyone in Wales should have access to safe streets. “Making 20mph default limits in our communities will help to reduce the dominance of motor vehicles whilst creating opportunities for social interaction, creating happier and healthier places. "We want communities that are built for safety rather than speed."