Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has voiced her assurances that Scotland will secure an independence referendum in October 2023. Last week, the Scottish National Party (SNP) leader hailed the publication of a poll on independence which found the Yes campaign had a narrow lead. A survey by Panelbase found that 48 per cent of Scots supported independence while 47 per cent were against — and just five per cent said they were undecided. Reacting to the poll, Ms Sturgeon said: "Very encouraging Panelbase poll - Yes ahead, surge in support for choice in 2023, and the SNP within touching distance of majority of votes in GE should it become de facto indyref (which we hope isn’t necessary). "Lots to do though. Bring on the debate on why now is time for Indy." While many in Scotland back independence, one area where the SNP's plan has been scrutinised is the future of the country's economy. In February, Ms Sturgeon and the SNP's Westminster leader, Ian Blackford, were accused of misleading Scots over what would happen to their pensions under independence. Mr Blackford suggested the UK would have a legacy obligation to pay for Scottish state pensions. He told ITV Border that Scots who had paid UK national insurance had accumulated the right to a UK pension. His comments came despite a White Paper on independence given to voters before the 2014 referendum saying that for existing pensioners “the responsibility for the payment of that pension will transfer to the Scottish Government”. Mr Blackford said: “You pay into a national insurance fund. Ok, the UK is then responsible for the disbursements of that, and it covers cash flow for a certain period, but that’s a right to a UK pension - there’s no ifs, there’s no buts about that.” Ms Sturgeon also said people with “accumulated rights would continue to receive the current levels of state pension in an independent Scotland”. But Conservative MP, Guy Opperman, accused the SNP figures of misleading Scots. He told the Scottish Mail on Sunday: “If Scotland chooses to become a foreign country, then working English, Welsh and Northern Irish taxpayers should not pay for a foreign country's pension liabilities. READ MORE: Sturgeon blasted for £20m spending on independence 'obsession' "That has been the position of the UK Government since before the 2014 referendum. "Nicola Sturgeon and Ian Blackford are, once again, misleading Scots." Responding to his accusations, the SNP said in a statement: "The UK Government said in 2014 that after independence people would still be entitled to the pension contributions they had made to the UK system. "However, independence will give us the chance to provide better pensions than currently available, given that the UK has a state pension provision lagging behind many developed nations." Economists at the University of Strathclyde's Fraser of Allander Institute concluded at the time that the issue of whether Westminster or Edinburgh would foot the bill will "become a matter for wider negotiations around the division of assets and liabilities in general, and reciprocity agreements for social security more specifically". DON'T MISSCould Keir Starmer ally with Nicola Sturgeon?NEW poll reveals voters in Scotland REJECT Sturgeon’s indy pushPOLL: Should Boris call Sturgeon's bluff and call 2023 election? While Ms Sturgeon is pressing on in her pursuit of a referendum on independence, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is standing in her way. The UK Government must give the green light for a vote to go ahead – but the SNP are pushing a section 30 order through the courts to try and win the right to hold a referendum without Westminster's approval. Without a section 30 order, Ms Sturgeon may try to hold a 'wildcat' referendum – but unionists have warned they would boycott such a vote. Prime Minister Johnson told Parliament last week: “I know that the First Minister has asked for another referendum. “I just point out that we had one in 2014. “I think right now the priorities of the country should be rebuilding after Covid. “They should be taking us forward together as a united country, and that’s what we want to do.”