Cristiano Ronaldo has asked to leave Manchester United if a suitable offer arrives in a hammer blow to Erik ten Hag, reports say. The Portugal international only returned from Juventus 12 months ago. But despite netting 24 goals across all competitions, it seems a summer exit may be on the cards. Ronaldo was a shining light for United amid a difficult campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, scoring more goals than any other player on the club’s books. And, now, The Times say the 37-year-old is ready to leave Old Trafford behind should a suitable offer come in. Ronaldo wants to play in the Champions League, something United can’t offer him after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. Ronaldo has been involved in the competition for 19 years and is the highest scorer in the tournament’s history, having bagged 140 throughout his career. The Portugal international thinks he has three or four years left of playing at the highest level, even at the age of 37. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Ronaldo no longer views his future at Old Trafford due to the ‘state of disrepair’ that engulfs the club, following their shambolic season under Solskjaer and Rangnick. Close friends say his affection for the club remains as strong as ever. However, Ronaldo is also willing to leave United for personal reasons after a difficult period for his family. The veteran’s newborn daughter tragically passed away earlier in the year, understandably causing an emotional strain for members of his family. Bayern Munich and Chelsea are two clubs who have already been in touch regarding a possible deal for the forward. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Ronaldo has a contract that runs until next year, having penned a two-year contract upon returning from Juventus 12 months ago. Bayern are interested, as mentioned above, but will only take action once Robert Lewandowski’s future at the Allianz Arena becomes clarified. Barcelona are aiming to land the Poland international, using money from Frenkie de Jong’s expected move to United this summer. But Chelsea can’t be ruled out after Blues owner Todd Boehly, who recently took over from Roman Abramovich, held talks with the veteran’s agent. Whether United let Ronaldo go remains to be seen but, right now, they’ll be wanting at least the £17million they paid to Juventus in 2021. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Former United star Wes Brown, meanwhile, recently told Express Sport that his old side should keep hold of Ronaldo despite talk of a summer departure. “He’s a different breed,” he said. “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here