There are many different elements to losing weight and people respond to various dieting and workout techniques very differently. But Dr Michael Mosley eplained that exercise isn't enough when it comes to shifting stubborn fat. Instead people must be mindful of what they are eating on a day-to-day basis, too. The nutrition expert told The Mirror: "Science shows that the most effective way to lose weight is by following a diet that incorporates intermittent fasting, time restricted eating and the Mediterranean diet. "Which is why I came up with The Fast 800." His diet plan consists of fewer processed and more home-cooked foods but packed with plenty of vegetables and fruit. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake People can expect to find whole grains, beans, lentils, extra fibre, lots of nuts and full-fat dairy and oily fish on the food list. In general, Dr Mosley revealed he has three key tips to kick-start weight loss: Exercise it crucial for many reasons, with the current guidelines stating that people should take part in 150 minutes of aerobic exercise per week. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Mosley said: "It's amongst the best things you can do for a long and healthy life." But he told Nine: "If you actually want fat loss, diet is better. "The reality is most people are unable to stick to those levels of exercise necessary to lose the weight. “People underestimate how much exercise they have to do to burn off fat and studies consistently show that people do not lose much weight if they just try to exercise." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Dr Mosley recommends that anyone hoping to lose weight quickly should "cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts." He explained: "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." He suggested that people should limit their food and drink containing more than five percent sugar to "no more than twice a week". "To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar spikes is key," Dr Mosley added. "A surprising number of 'diet' snacks and drinks are high in sugar and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat." Starchy carbs include foods such as bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice. Dr Mosley recommended switching to whole grains like bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, wholegrain barley, wild rice and buckwheat." He said: "Brown rice is OK. Legumes such as lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas are healthy and filling too. "Switch to a low carbohydrate, Mediterranean-style diet." Filling up on protein and vegetables is also key as they are "very satiating" and very few calories.