Novak Djokovic has a history of dropping sets to British players at Wimbledon in news that could come as a huge boost to Cameron Norrie. The British star set up a semi-final against the legendary Serb by beating world No 58 David Goffin in five sets on Tuesday. Norrie became the first British man to reach the final four at SW19 since Andy Murray won the title in 2016. To emulate the success of his countryman he will need to overcome one of the toughest tasks in tennis, beating the six-time champion at the venue where he has not lost since 2017. However, he will take comfort from Djokovic’s previous record against Brits while on their home turf. His record against Murray in Britain is poor, he has only beaten the Scotsman once in four matches within the UK including being defeated in the 2013 Wimbledon final. The 20-time major winner’s record against other Brits at Wimbledon also suggests that there could be weaknesses in his game that Norrie could exploit. Djokovic has dropped sets to three other British players while playing in the UK despite their lowly position in the world rankings. READ MORE: Cam Norrie ready to 'take it to' Novak Djokovic as Brit expects 'toughest' Wimbledon task Kyle Edmund and Jack Draper both won the first set in the encounters against the 35-year-old at Wimbledon in their encounters in 2019 and 2021 respectively. Former British No 1 Greg Rusedski also took a set from the Serbian during their only match together in 2006. Djokovic’s history in Britain suggests that the Wimbledon crowd could have a huge role to play in helping Norrie overcome the world No 3. The statistics suggest that the 26-year-old could find chinks in the star’s armour to give himself a chance of reaching his first grand slam final. The world No 12 has spoken out about the match against the Serb, describing it as the ‘toughest task in tennis’. He conceded he would have to improve to stand any chance of success. DON'T MISS “It’s one of the toughest tasks in tennis. Grass is his favourite surface and his record here at Wimbledon is unbelievable. But I’m looking forward to taking it to him and seeing the level he brings,” said Norrie. “It's going to be a tricky one. I’m going to have to definitely raise my level and my level of focus to have a shot with him. I’ve a couple of days to fine-tune things and be ready for him. It’s pretty crazy to be sitting here in the semis. It was just a crazy day and a crazy match to get through. It’s the reason why you played the sport.”