Foreign Secretary Liz Truss warned world leaders at the G7 in Madrid that China could invade Taiwan. She said China’s rising economic powers and military funding could give Beijing the ‘wrong idea’ about taking military action. Ms Truss said: “With China extending its influence through economic coercion and building a capable military, there is a real risk that they draw the wrong idea, which results in a catastrophic miscalculation, such as invading Taiwan.” China spends $293 billion (£238bn) on its military, according to data from Statista, and is in possession of hundreds of nuclear weapons. Military spending on China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) has gone up hugely in the last 10 years, from $145 billion to the current figure. READ MORE: Iain Duncan Smith urges UK to stand up to China’s worrying 'threat' A Chinese attack on Taiwan - or any other nation - is highly likely to succeed with Beijing’s level of military power. Experts such as Steve Tsang, from the SOAS China Institute, predicted that China “fully intends to take Taiwan” by any means necessary, including by force. All the pieces are in place for a new global conflict with the West, led by the United States, which is committed to involvement. With strong militaries on both sides, any US-China war would be difficult to contain and likely escalate at a rapid pace. Since Brexit, the UK’s outlook has been shifting towards the Indo-Pacific region as it looks to redefine its global image. Last year, Britain's review of security, defence, development and foreign policy confirmed this shift. Boris Johnson said: “By 2030, we will be deeply engaged in the Indo-Pacific as the European partner with the broadest, most integrated presence in support of mutually-beneficial trade, shared security and values.” This was seen when HMS Elizabeth, the Fleet Flagship of the Royal Navy, went to the Far East and back on its maiden deployment. DON'T MISS:Taiwan: China watched 'very closely' by US as military threat grows [ANALYSIS]Boris says UK 'not giving up on Hong Kong' 25 years since handover [INSIGHT]Brexit: China taunts UK over hated Bill as EU exit legacy damaged [REACTION] Historically, the UK’s presence in Hong Kong and Singapore has given the UK a leading role in the region's economy. But right now, it seems unlikely that Britain would be able to commit significant manpower to a violent conflict in Taiwan. British military spending has shrunk over the years, and some Tory MPs have publicly lamented how inadequate the army is today. Spending is set to increase, however, after the Prime Minister recently announced a further £55 billion will be pumped into the military.  Taiwan’s government holds a positive view of the UK, and wants to ‘continue to expand cooperation and strengthen its partnership with the UK’. The UK Foreign Secretary told the G7 Summit in Madrid that the free world must work together to help Taiwan and ensure it is able to defend itself. But if the worst does happen, the UK is largely expected to take a diplomatic and strategic role, rather than deploying boots on the ground. Until then, western governments watch anxiously as China continues to make threats against Taiwan, and use its military to intimidate the island nation.