Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her followers share their own advice on dedicated Facebook forums, including how to clean tile grout. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Julie Graham wrote: “What is the best way for cleaning grout in the bathroom?” One of the biggest causes of grout discolouration is letting spills sit for a long period of time. This includes water and toiletries. Mould and mildew can also cause grout to turn black or red. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to remove limescale from shower hoses Luckily, there are lots of ways to clean bathroom grout before it gets out of hand. Taking to the comments, Susan Allen wrote: “Old toothbrush and bleach, so easy.” Lynda Hunter said: “An old toothbrush!” Sarah Wright wrote: “An old toothbrush with any product is the only thing that works for me.” DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton’s homes before and after becoming Duchess [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to ‘repel’ spiders as they enter homes [COMMENT]‘Incompatible’ crops which ‘don’t mix well’ in the garden [EXPLAINER] Toothbrushes can help to reach nooks and crannies around the home, including in-between grout. They can be picked up for as little as 30p. Sue Westwood commented: “I use the Pink Stuff paste with a toothbrush.” Michela Vince said: “I use an old toothbrush dipped in bleach, works a treat.” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ home improvements to increase property value Other group members recommended using a dedicated mould and mildew remover spray. Mel Mullins wrote: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover spray is good.” Dawn Ullah said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew is ace.” Mould and mildew are both caused by humidity, a high level of moisture in the air. It is more likely to occur in rooms which are naturally more humid, including the bathroom and kitchen. Astonish Mould and Mildew remover can be purchased from supermarkets for as little as £1. It claims to blast away tough stains and effectively remove mould and mildew within minutes. Grout tile whitening pens can also be purchased to help refresh discoloured grout joints.