The American soul singer does not shy away from discussing her past relationships with music legends in her new book, Soul Survivor. PP, who has dated Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger and been romantically linked to guitar legend Jimi Hendrix and English rocker Rod Stewart claimed the I Don't Want To Talk About It singer was "selfish and tight" in her memoir. PP, now 75, started writing her memoir in 1994 shortly after appearing in the West End production of Olivier Award-winning musical Once on This Island. She picked up the manuscript again during the coronavirus lockdowns, editing it down from 400,000 words. PP first arrived in the UK in 1966 as a singer with the Ike and Tina Turner Revue, which had been invited over to tour with the Rolling Stones. She soon began seeing Mick and their romance helped her secure a solo record deal with Immediate Records which was the label founded by the Rolling Stones' manager. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host True to her word, PP's memoir gives a candid account of her career and personal life. Mick, now 78, is one of the few men in her life to come out of the book reasonably well. However, she accused millionaire Rod, now 77, of being "selfish and tight". “Mick is an honourable person,” PP gushed of the Rolling Stones star to Radio Times.  “He was a good friend, my knight in shining armour before he became a knight of the realm. "I never had a problem with him, though I might have a problem now." PP revealed Mick, understandably, doesn’t like his ex-lovers writing about him. But the defiant musician said: "Well, I’m sorry, I had to. This is my life. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger addresses feud with Rolling Stones bandmates [INSIGHT]Rolling Stones Charlie Watts tribute has Hyde Park echoing his name [LATEST]Rod Stewart proud of son Alastair as he stars in billboard campaign [UPDATE] "I wasn’t writing to make money or kiss-and-tell. I’m 75, not 25.” Despite its promising start, Arnold’s career faltered in the late 1960s. Lacking distribution, her records sold only moderately. PP was born Patricia Cole and was raised in Los Angeles and born into a family of gospel singers. She fell pregnant at the tender age of 15 and was a mother of two by the time she was 17 years old and was in a violently abusive marriage.  PP went on to release several studio albums and coined the name the First Lady of Soul. Despite its promising start, the singer's career faltered in the late 1960s. However, music is still a big part of her life and she performed at this year's Glastonbury Festival for the first time. The full interview is available to read in Radio Times. 