Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William likely received plenty of presents when they tied the knot back in 2011. But one of Kate's royal wedding gifts was particularly personal, and it came from her new step-mother-in-law Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  Camilla was thought to have gifted Kate a chain-link bracelet which featured an adorable gold charm with hidden engravings. On one side of the disc, Camilla had her personal monogram engraved, a 'C' with a crown, while on the other side is Kate's monogram of a 'C' with a coronet. Kate was spotted wearing the pretty piece at Wimbledon a few months after her nuptials and during her royal trip to the USA in 2011. The bracelet was seen as Camilla's way of welcoming Kate into the Firm, but the Duchess hasn't been spotted wearing the bracelet publicly in recent years.  READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief Kate has a wealth of her own bracelets to choose from nowadays, in addition to pieces from the Queen and the late Princess Diana's jewellery collections. And some royal commentators have previously commented on the bracelet and its similarities to Charles and Camilla's 'CC' initials, which sparked controversy during Charles' marriage to Princess Diana. On his honeymoon with Diana in 1981, Charles reportedly donned a pair of cufflinks with intertwined 'Cs' that were gifted to him by Camilla. Diana told the biographer Andrew Morton: "Jealousy, total jealousy — and it's such a good idea the two 'C's, but it wasn't that clever in some ways."   Although Kate doesn't tend to wear Camilla's wedding gift anymore, the two senior royal women are known to have a close relationship. Camilla has guest-edited Country Life magazine this month to mark her 75th birthday. And rather than be photographed by a celebrity or royal photographer, there was no one else Camilla would rather have appointed to the job than her dear step-daughter-in-law.  DON'T MISS:Guests follow strict rules in Wimbledon's exclusive and luxurious [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton shows 'authentic affection' for Carole at Wimbledon [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton lauded for wearing Wimbledon dress twice - 'Thrifty' [PICTURES] Kate is a keen photographer, often taking the official birthday photographs of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. And Kate took candid photos of Camilla on the grounds of her private home, Ray Mill House, which will appear on the front cover of July's issue. At royal engagements, Kate and Camilla's warm relationship is clear for all to see, and the pair often share a giggle together. At Trooping the Colour this year, Kate and Camilla also shared a carriage with the three Cambridge children during the royal procession. 