Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has told Manchester United that they need to have some self-respect in negotiations for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, and the Red Devils may need to give the player an ultimatum as they look to beat Chelsea to the signing. Erik ten Hag’s club have reportedly agreed a fee for the Dutch playmaker but one major hurdle they need to overcome is convincing the player to join, as De Jong would prefer to remain in Barcelona. Agbonlahor does not believe that United should be in the business of having to spend time convincing players to move to Old Trafford however. “It’s going to come to the stage where Man United need to have some self-respect,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “A club of Man United’s stature, how have they fallen where De Jong has said ‘Let me keep you on hold and make my mind up in a couple of months’. That isn’t how Man United are used to being treated, usually it’s ‘I’ll sign for Man United, let’s get it done’. “It’s a bit embarrassing for them the longer it goes on, to be honest. Maybe they’ve got to give him an ultimatum and say ‘There is this date. You either sign or we are moving on to other players’.” JUST IN: Man Utd told how to beat Chelsea to De Jong as player faces decision Despite United employing De Jong’s Ajax head coach, it is believed that the 24-year-old’s preference is to stay at the Nou Camp and fight for his place under Xavi and barring the Barcelona boss telling the Dutch midfielder that he is surplus to requirements, he will not force a move. On international duty last month, De Jong stated that he wanted to remain at Barcelona. "I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs,” De Jong said. “That time has passed. I can’t say anything about that [a possible transfer] but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. DON'T MISS: Man Utd falling short of 'rebuild' Rangnick demanded amid frustration (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil (TRANSFERS)Ten Hag slams 'mistakes' in warning to Man Utd despite Liverpool rout (NEWS) "I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” Agbonlahor claims that United could set an ultimatum for the player, and reports claim that is exactly what they have done. United chiefs have said to have set a deadline of Friday for a move to be wrapped up or they will move on to other targets. Christian Eriksen is set to be one midfielder coming into Old Trafford on a free transfer, while Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans and Wolves’ Ruben Neves have been linked with a move to United in the past and the club may step up interest in either player if Friday’s deadline for De Jong passes and they are no closer in competing a deal.