Manchester United are willing to pay a fee of £58.9million to sign Antony from Ajax, according to reports. Erik ten Hag previously managed the Brazil international over in Amsterdam and is keen on a reunion this summer. And the club are willing to be patient - just like they have been when it comes to landing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. Manchester United want to bolster their frontline this summer. They’ve lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer, Cristiano Ronaldo is keen to leave and it’s unclear whether Mason Greenwood will ever play for the club again. In pre-season, United have seen the likes of Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial all shine in matches against the likes of Liverpool, Melbourne Victory, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa. Yet they still feel they need reinforcements in attack as they target a first Premier League title since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. And 90min claim United are willing to pay £58.9m for Antony. However, that’s less than what Ajax want with the reigning Eredivisie giants hoping to secure a fee of around £67.3m instead. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United are currently unfazed, however, with the publication claiming they’re willing to use the same tactic they’re currently deploying when it comes to landing De Jong. And that tactic is patience. United are playing the long game when it comes to De Jong, having spent over 80 days trying to bring the Netherlands international to Old Trafford. They’ve agreed a fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old, which is believed to be worth an initial £63m. But while that’s the case, United have failed to get that transfer over the line with several complexities arising. One is that De Jong is reluctant to leave Barcelona, having spent his entire childhood dreaming of playing at the Nou Camp. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And the second relates to money the former Ajax star is owed, having agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic back in March 2020. United remain hopeful both De Jong and Antony will sign up to be part of Ten Hag’s Old Trafford revolution. They’ve got just over a month to land the pair, with Ten Hag willing to wait until after the new Premier League season starts. And whether they’re successful in pursuits of the pair remains to be seen. United have landed three players so far in the forms of Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. Malacia had looked set to leave Feyenoord for Lyon but, after United hijacked a deal, he sealed a £12m move to England instead. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Eriksen impressed for Brentford last term, clocking up four assists and scoring once after signing a short-term contract in January. And he was officially unveiled as a United player on Tuesday, posing in the club’s colours and conducting an interview with them as well. Martinez, meanwhile, was pictured at Carrington yesterday with his move to the Red Devils now close to completion. It’s only a matter of time before it’s officially confirmed and he becomes the third recruit of the summer. Meanwhile, Roy Keane has called on Ten Hag to bring big characters in as he looks to make his mark in the Old Trafford dugout. "A lot of the games we've made the point, a number of times, where the team just gave up, they gave up towards the end of the season,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “So he's got to sort out that spirit, the characters in the dressing room and, almost again, rebuild the dressing room." And he added: "You've got to get that right and then the players can show their quality because, as bad as they've been, they have players who, people like [Cristiano] Ronaldo and Marcus] Rashford have shown before they can do it at the highest level. "Getting a group of lads who fight every week, United don't even have that. “It's a great time for managers to come to Man United because they've been so poor, any manager who thinks he's any sort of ego or with a CV behind him would feel like; 'I can make this team better'. "Whether that's to get in the top-four, win a cup and if he managed to do that he'd be a legend at the club just for doing that. I think it's good timing for him, I really do." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here