This included prostate cancer, the most common and one of the deadliest cancers in men. To put into context just how deadly, when a referee blows their whilstle at the start of a football match, one man will have died by the time they call half-time after 45 minutes. That’s the equivalent of 11,500 men every year. According to the charity Prostate Cancer UK: “More than 47,500 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year.” READ MORE: Sean Connery’s dementia had ‘devastating effect’ on Bond star Speaking to Express.co.uk, the charity said: “Prostate cancer awareness is important all year round – especially as we still need to find thousands of men who have gone undiagnosed because of the pandemic.” The reason for this need is because while there is a lot of emphasis on male cancers during November – also known as Movember – awareness and discussion of male cancer drops after, and beforehand. But cancer doesn’t stop when the noise does. This is why charities say it is crucial to continue this awareness.  To that end, and to save the lives of men around the country, Prostate Cancer UK launched a 30-second checker earlier this year. The purpose of this checker is to allow men to check their risk quickly and easily. All they have to do is input the answer to three quick questions; if their answers indicate they’re at a high risk the checker will recommend a blood test known as a PSA blood test. A PSA blood test is one tool used to detect prostate cancer and is normally done by a GP. READ MORE: Your frying pan may be increasing your risk of the brain condition It all depends at what stage of the disease a person has. What makes prostate cancer particularly hard to treat early is it doesn’t cause symptoms in its early stages. It’s only once the disease has developed that it causes symptoms. Since they appear later, when the disease is harder to treat, its important to know what they are:• Difficulty starting to urinate or emptying the bladder• A weak flow when urinating begins• A feeling that the bladder hasn’t emptied properly• Dribbling urine after urinating has finished• Needing to urinate more often than usual• A sudden need to urinate.