The presenter and novelist, 51, took to Twitter on Thursday to show Pointless fans the heartfelt moment he shared with the BBC show's host Alexander. Richard explained how only the two of them knew it would be his last episode at the time, so he decided to pay tribute to his colleague of almost 13 years. He expressed how he felt "lucky" to work with Alexander and admitted: "I don't tell you often enough," leaving his colleague touched.  In view of his 1.1million Twitter followers, Richard shared a clip of his message of gratitude to Alexander. He explained in the caption: "I will still be on screen for a while in repeats, but yesterday was my final ever episode of daytime #Pointless after 12 years. "Only Xander and I knew that at time of recording, so I wanted to give him a heartfelt message. "New episodes with new hosts will be with in September!" READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star In the episode segment, Richard greets Alexander with a friendly: "Hello, there." He then asked the 52-year-old how he was doing, to which he replied: "I'm very well, thank you." Richard went on to deliver a candid message of thanks to honour his final episode. He stated: "I was just in an interview, and they always ask about Pointless at the end of it. "They always say, 'And how's Pointless?' and they say, 'What's Xander like?' "And I always say how lovely you are, and it occurred to me, I don't tell you in person often enough. "So I just want to say how lucky I am to work with you." A visibly moved Alexander gave an appreciative: "Aw," as his colleague continued. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Jack Webster taken by social services [THEORY]Kate Garraway to return to GMB ‘as soon as possible’ as Derek hospital [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King talks making history [EXCLUSIVE] "I always think after the end of interviews, 'I must tell Xander in person,' which I never do. "So, now I'll tell you on telly." Alexander waved his hands to his face in a gesture to indicate he was becoming tearful. "That's the nicest thing in the world," he remarked, appearing taken aback. "Well, it's an absolute pleasure," Richard responded. "Well, now I get the opportunity, I hope, to tell you the same thing," the presenter added. "Well, if it were true," Richard quipped from his Pointless desk. The popular host announced his decision to step down from the role recently, assuring fans that he would still co-host Pointless Celebrities and his BBC Two show, Richard Osman's House of Games. Richard will put his extra time into focusing on other projects, after admitting on ITV's This Morning that his Pointless role "takes a lot out of you". Pointless airs weekdays from 4.15pm on BBC One.