Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles tied the knot in 2005 after knowing each other for several decades. Their courtship had not always proved a hit with the public due to the very public breakdown of Charles' previous marriage to the late Princess Diana. But Charles and Camilla have now been married for nearly two decades, and they have made no secret of their utter devotion to one another. Express.co.uk takes a look back at the unique aspects of their wedding day.  Prince Charles and Camilla were expected to marry on April 8, 2005, but the wedding was delayed by one day due to the death of Pope John Paul II. Prince Charles attended the Pope's funeral on behalf of the Queen, and later married Camilla on April 9, 2005. The wedding was also originally scheduled to take place at Windsor Castle, but the venue was changed a few weeks before the wedding to the Windsor Guildhall.  READ MORE: Queen refused Meghan and Harry's Lilibet photo plea due to health woes Prince Charles and Camilla married in a civil ceremony rather than in a Church of England service, making Charles the first royal to marry in a civil ceremony in England. The Church of England does often permit the remarriage of divorced people, but the decision was thought to have been made out of respect for Charles' future role as head of the Church, as both parties had previously been married and divorced. A religious Service of Prayer and Dedication was held for the couple after the civil ceremony at St George's Chapel, Windsor, with the Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams leading.   The Queen and Prince Philip were not present at Charles and Camilla's civil ceremony. The decision was thought to be linked to the Queen's role as head of the Church. However, the groom's parents were in attendance for the religious ceremony at St George's Chapel, and later the Queen hosted the couple's reception. Under the Royal Marriages Act of 1772, the Queen had to give her consent for Charles and Camilla to marry.  DON'T MISS:Prince Charles school: Where future King went to school and alumni [INSIGHT]Fears Queen's death spells end of monarchy ‘Charles has got to go’ [ANALYSIS]Why Prince William may never be the Prince of Wales [EXPLAINED] Unlike most royal brides in recent decades, Camilla opted not to wear a tiara for her big day. The Queen traditionally lends brides a tiara from her personal collection when they marry, or sometimes royal women have surprised royal fans by wearing their own tiara. Princess Diana wore the Spencer Tiara, a family heirloom, when she married Prince Charles in 1981. Instead, Camilla opted for a wide-brimmed cream hat for her civil ceremony, and for the religious service, she wore a feather headpiece by milliner Philip Treacy. 