Meghan Markle and Prince Harry famously moved to America in March 2020 where they settled in Santa Barbara in California. However, the police have been called to two intruder alerts at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s California home in just 12 days, according to recent reports. It is believed that Meghan and Harry were at their mansion in Montecito with their children Archie and Lilibet when the alarms were triggered.  What does the mansion look like inside? Luxury Interior Designer Sanel Konyar and Founder of Interior Kollection spoke to Express.co.uk about the recurring themes inside the Sussexes home. She said: “Modern, neutral, muted tones allow the interior to flow effortlessly from room to room and thoughtful and stylised accessories. "It does have a feminine feel to the colour scheme and chosen accessories. “However, like most couples we work with on our interior design projects, I would imagine that both Meghan and Harry generally sign off the finished designs before commencing. “It may be that Meghan took the lead in initiating the design brief and feel for their new home, but I would suggest that both were involved at various stages of the design process." The home features mostly cream and white interiors, what does this suggest? The expert added: “I think as a cosmopolitan young modern couple, it reflects their love of contemporary luxury design and trends with a nod towards heritage perfectly. “They have created a luxury modern living space that also pays homage to their love of heritage - note the large rustic wooden table complete with carved legs and what looks like the original stone-clad fireplace. These are traditional design aspects. “Even the fireguard has an art deco feel to its ironwork. Leading such busy lives means that home becomes a sanctuary, a place of rest, peace and quiet, and their interior design reflects this.  “Personality-wise, I would say this type of client interior brief is most popular with well-travelled, high flying, celebrity and busy executive clients who desire a haven of tranquillity." Are the Sussexes happy with their American home? Ms Konyar claimed: "Their home has some wonderful personal touches, such as original pieces of modern art and various books that clearly mean something to the couple. “This is certainly not a show home, but a much-loved family home and a clear declaration of their newfound independence." Santa Barbara Police records show that officers went to Meghan and Harry’s £11million home on the couple's wedding anniversary on May 19. They returned for a second intruder alert on May 31 at 3.21pm just hours before the Sussexes boarded a private jet to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Both calls in May were logged as “trespasser”, “property crimes” and “suspicious circumstances”. According to police records, there have been six security alert calls to their US home in the past 14 months.  On April 9, 2021, police were sent at 2.52am after a call, but were called off as “no assistance was needed”. On New Year’s Day at 1.43am, the alarm was “mistakenly tripped”, and a squad car was sent. Police were then called on April 8 at 10.41am but did not attend as the call “belonged to another agency”. Then, on June 8, there was a “miscellaneous dispatch” at 1.17pm, but again the police did not attend. 