Jamie Chalmers, 21, has urged fellow motorists to enable Google location history on their phones after he received a £100 fine for parking despite not even using his car that day. He was able to prove his innocence because of his location history. Mr Chalmers was issued with a parking fine for overstaying at a car park for three hours, The Mirror reported. However, the 21-year-old who had been out celebrating his birthday, knew that he didn’t park his vehicle in the car park because he didn’t use his vehicle at all on that day. He decided to appeal the fine. In the end, he was successful as he managed to prove his whereabouts in Portsmouth, Hants, by accessing his Google Location History. READ MORE: Driver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years Using Google’s location history drivers are able to review a timeline of their location in past days, weeks and months through the Google Maps app. After tracking down his history, Mr Chalmers sent a proof of his location to the company that charged him - Premier Park Ltd - and they subsequently revoked it. The 21-year-old was left chuffed, crediting his phone's technology as his saviour from the hefty charge. He said: "I was shocked when I got the ticket. I thought, 'I haven't parked anywhere for three hours'. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [WARNING] Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [REVEAL] Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT] "The picture they sent me showed me driving back to the main road. “Another picture showed me giving way at a junction. "They said I'd overstayed in the car park by three hours. "This wasn't true - I didn't use the car park. I had only been to the drive-through. READ MORE: Switching to EVs might not be in the planet’s best interest "I used my Google location history to hit back against their claims. It shows what times and places you have been to and how long you have been driving. "I appealed and showed them the evidence and they had no choice but to drop it." Premier Park then wrote back to Mr Chalmers. The company said: "Please be advised that on this occasion your appeal has been upheld and the PCN has now been cancelled." After going through his ordeal, the 21-year-old has now encouraged others to turn on their location history. However, doing so may not work for everyone as appeals are reviewed on a case by case basis. He said: "I won, but a lot of people might not be in the same position. "You have to turn on your Google Location History for it to work. "I recommend other people use it to save themselves paying a fine they shouldn't have been given."