Rishi Sunak’s wife, Akshata Murthy has previously raised eyebrows for wearing designer brands. Over the weekend, however, the billionaire heiress opted for a dress with a more reasonable price tag when she supported her husband on a campaign trail. Rishi, Akshata and their two daughters, Krishna and Anoushka were spotted in Grantham yesterday. Akshata, the daughter of Indian IT mogul Narayana Murthy chose a more modest-priced dress for the occasion. The short-sleeved dress fell just below the knee and featured a round neck and pleated waistband. It was navy blue with a pale blue and white floral pattern. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson donned rarely seen floral outfit for wedding day The dress is from the high street label Club Monaco and is priced at £165. Club Monaco is an upmarket high street label loved by royals and celebrities alike. Those who have worn the brand include Meghan Markle, Princess Eugenie and Jennifer Lawrence. To complete the look, Akshata wore nude chunky heels and carried a nude clutch bag. DON'T MISS...Stop an avocado from going brown with clever food storage hack [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO]Tomato plants: Add pet hair to homemade fertiliser [COMMENT] Rishi, on the other hand, donned a navy suit, white shirt and turquoise tie. Their daughters were dressed in jeans and a blouse, and a brightly colour striped dress. Rishi posted several images of himself and his family on his official Instagram account. He captioned the carousel with: “Family means everything to me. READ MORE: Meghan forced to return wedding tiara - why Fergie kept her diadem “So grateful to have the support of my family at yesterday’s event in Grantham. “Thank you to everyone who came along.” It comes after Akshata was criticised for her choices of mugs. When the media camped outside Rishi’s house the day after his resignation as Chancellor, Akshata emerged with a tray of biscuits and hot cups of tea and coffee for the journalists and photographers. Some were quick to notice the expensive brand of chinaware. The mugs are said to be from Emma Lacey, priced at £38 each. Akshata, who runs Akshata Designs, has been photographed by Vogue India in the past. She has a strong love for fashion and design and has been seen wearing box-fresh Gucci trainers and Valentino pieces for date nights with Rishi.