Yellowstone fans are looking forward to new episodes as season five is scheduled to air on The Paramount Network on November 13. Thomas Rainwater (played by Gil Birmingham) became one of John Dutton's (Kevin Costner) biggest enemies in the TV series. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where actor Gil is from. Thomas Rainwater was introduced in the first season of Yellowstone as the new chief of the Broken Rock Indian Reservation. He had big plans for land near John's ranch and as a result, the pair ended up at each other's throats. Thomas has become the character fans love to hate and they have showered the actor with praise for his performance. The 68-year-old actor is American and was born in San Antonio, Texas in 1953. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on Rip and Lloyd fight He identifies his father as being of Comanche descent. The Comanche are a Native American tribe from the Southern Plains of the US. Today, Comanche people belong to the federally recognized Comanche Nation based in Lawton, Oklahoma. While he was born to a Comanche father, his mother is of Spanish ancestry.  His parents moved around a lot because of his father’s Army career. The star opened up about his challenging childhood, saying his parents were not very nurturing. Up until his teens, Gil believed he and his family were Spanish, Mexican and English because his father wanted to avoid any prejudice directed at Native Americans. He is known for playing Native Americans on screen due to his background and he called his Yellowstone character a "legitimate hero".  DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Behind the scenes clip of set sparks fan frenzy [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases Jamie Dutton storyline in season 5 [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth Dutton jailed for murder [THEORY]  Speaking to Town and Country, he said: "[Yellowstone] seems to be filled with what might be described as antiheroes, but they're just a multi-dimensional characters that are all flawed, which is true to the essence of being a human being. "Thomas is always as open to offers, and how he might be able to use them to achieve his goals. "It goes to the spirit of, of the Indigenous People; you know, it's all about surviving. [If] you were to take into account the history of Indigenous People, just being alive is an accomplishment." He never dreamed of a career in acting and took on a number of different jobs before making his acting debut.   With a Bachelor of Science from the USC Price School of Public Policy, he worked as a petrochemical engineer. His first acting role was in 1986 in the TV series Riptide, in which he played a cop. The star went on to feature in a number of huge films and small-screen projects, including the Twilight saga and Transformers: The Last Knight. He has taken on a number of new projects, with a main role in the TV series Under the Banner of Heaven.  Gil is also working on a film which is yet to be released, called The Marsh King's Daughter.   Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network on November 13. Seasons 1-4 are on Peacock, with seasons 1-3 on Paramount Plus.