Christine Starling, 70, was made redundant during the pandemic. Speaking to Express.co.uk on the streets of Woolwich, pensioner and mother-of-two Ms Starling used to be the visitor services manager for a museum. But now, as her savings “deplete and deplete” during the cost of living crisis, she’s looking to get back into work to get by. Last week the research firm Cornwall Insight published new, higher forecasts that show the energy price cap is on track to rise to £3,244 a year in October, when it is next adjusted. Meanwhile the default tariff cap is expected to be raised again in January, to £3,363 a year - significantly higher than the £3,003 Cornwall Insight forecast just two weeks prior. This comes alongside continued historic inflation rates, with the Bank of England warning it could reach 11 percent within months. Ms Starling said: “It’s worrying, because my savings will just deplete and deplete. But I’m more worried about younger families, and how they’re going to cope. “Food, generally, has gone up across the board. You’re looking to replace items you would normally buy with a cheaper equivalent, and I’m thinking of going to a cheaper supermarket. She added: “Nobody can just ignore their standard of living going down. You might be okay, you might be able to pay your bills, but your standard of living has gone down. “You won’t be able to go out, or have a holiday. When you go to work, that’s why you work. You don’t work to just have the bare minimum - or, you shouldn’t do.” Warning of a “difficult” winter ahead, Ms Starling added that her smart meter does help, although it makes her “a bit obsessive”. Ms Starling also accused the government of failing to properly consider the impact on “ordinary people”. READ MORE: Millions of Brits face crisis over 'fastest rate of decrease' in wages [REVEAL] She said: “I don’t think they’ve been paying enough attention, or know how badly it’s going to affect ordinary people. “I’m not even just talking about the poorest, it's also the middle class. I think the government will pay the price for it in the end.” As many of the Tory leadership candidates promise tax cuts as a means to help the cost of living crisis, Ms Starling felt that the “lower to middle income bracket” should be helped by “taxing the people who are more wealthy” - a move she felt was more likely to come out of the Labour party. She said: “At one stage in my career I was paying 40 percent tax. I was okay to pay that, and I think if you can, then you should. “No one should be working just to not even be able to meet their bills, so if the higher end can give a bit more to help the lower end, then that’s what they should do.”