A man has been able to make up to £3,000 each month which has helped him pay for his basic living costs and take some financial pressure of him. As energy bills are set to rise again, getting some extra cash each month could be vital for some families on low incomes who are feeling the squeeze. Karim spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on how he was able to use TaskRabbit to get this extra income, and earn so much each month. TaskRabbit is an online and mobile marketplace that matches freelance labour with local demand. This allows consumers to find help with everyday tasks, including furniture assembly, moving, delivery and handyman work. Karim started using Task Rabbit during the pandemic after he lost his job. He said: ”It was such a great way to earn money and utilise my skills whilst I had more free time. “As more time passed I realised I enjoyed tasking so much that I wasn’t even in a rush to find an office job. “The great thing about TaskRabbit is that the more tasks you do, the more experienced you become and in turn you can then charge more per hour to reflect that. “The app gives you the flexibility to earn more which can help balance out the rising cost of living and the ability to choose my own hourly rates which has been really helpful to help me budget when things have felt tighter.” The amount of hours he spends on each task varies. Currently Karim tasks part time and can spend 15 to 20 hours each week completing tasks. He explained that he has started to invest in more tools to help perfect his craft. This will help him to expand his skill set and hopefully in turn, earn more tasking on the platform. Karim can earn thousands of pounds each month, depending on how often he completes tasks. He continued: “When I’m Tasking full time, I can make up to £3000 a month. “Using TaskRabbit allows me to be flexible and I love being able to log on and off when it suits me. “My tasks vary as I have a wide range of skills which is what I love most about the platform. “I would say I usually do more DIY and handyman jobs such as furniture building, putting up shelves and TV mounting. However, in the past, I have also been booked to do jobs that require more time such as painting.” Karim explained that the extra income has helped him survive the cost of living as he has been able to use it to offset rising bills. He said: “What I earn from the platform goes towards basic living costs. “Hopefully in the future, what I earn from Tasks can become disposable income. “By utilising my skills on the platform it gave me a sense of security as I’m in control of how much I earn each month. “After going through the process of losing my job as a result of the pandemic, this now takes a lot of pressure off my mind as I know I can always rely on Tasking as a way to earn a living and even better that it is very flexible and gives me the chance to do something I enjoy.”