Liverpool midfielder Thiago Alcantara is the "most gifted" player to ever play in the Premier League, according to former Chelsea and Aston Villa striker Tony Cascarino. Thiago starred for the Reds in their Community Shield win over Manchester City and his performance had Cascarino purring. Liverpool beat City 3-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday to come out on top in the season curtain raiser. Goals from Trent Alexander-Arnold, Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez sealed the victory for Jurgen Klopp's side. But Reds supporter Cascarino picked out Thiago for praise. He claims Liverpool's success this season is largely based on whether the former Bayern Munich star remains fit. And the pundit says he has not seen a better player technically in the 30 years of the Premier League. Cascarino said on talkSPORT: "Thiago's an amazing footballer. There's very few players that are so gifted. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offered Chelsea target, De Jong latest, Newcastle negotiations  "I would have him as probably the most gifted player I've seen in the Premier League, as in technique. He's extraordinary. "We've all seen loads but Thiago is up there with the very best. Ever, technically he's up there with the very best, technically he's got everything. "I sort of assess Liverpool's season on if he plays a lot of football, Liverpool will be close. If he has injuries, which he's had too often in his career, too many of them, Liverpool will suffer without Thiago in this team." Thiago joined Liverpool in 2020 after seven hugely successful years at Bayern. He showed glimpses of his quality in his debut campaign but it was last season where the 31-year-old hit top form. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'open' to another new signing as well as De Jong and a strikerChelsea have new 'top target' after Leipzig reject swap deal bid for GvardiolConte singles out three Tottenham stars who 'need to work a lot' after Roma loss  He helped Liverpool win the FA Cup in May for the first time since 2006. And speaking after the match, Klopp claimed he wished he'd signed the Spaniard earlier than he did. Klopp said: "And after the game I said to Thiago, if I would have known what a player you are, I would have signed you four years earlier. He said, 'You taught me running!' I take that, it's fine. "He could obviously already play football pretty well but he learned running in Liverpool, that's fine." Thiago will be in contention to start for Klopp in the opening game of the new season against newly-promoted Fulham at Craven Cottage next Saturday. 