The Duke of Cambridge is to return to the pitch as a polo player for a charity match. Prince William will take part in the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022 at Guards Polo Club on July 6. With this match, Prince William will raise funds for and awareness of a number of charities and associations close to his and Kate's heart. The patronages and organisations to benefit from this game are SHOUT, The Foundling Museum, The Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, London’s Air Ambulance, Mountain Rescue England and Wales, The Anna Freud Centre, Family Action, The Forward Trust, East Anglia Children’s Hospice (EACH) and The Passage, Kensington Palace said. This is far from being the Duke's first charity polo match, as the royal has hosted and participated in several games aiming to support organisations over the past years. And he has done so also in the company of his father Prince Charles and brother Prince Harry, who has recently been spotted playing games in the US. The Dukes last played together in public in July 2019, when they led opposing teams while their wives and children looked on from the sidelines. William returned back on the horse in July 2021 for last year's edition of the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup, which took place in Windsor. The event was hosted just days after Prince William and Prince Harry had reunited, albeit briefly, to unveil the statue of Princess Diana in Kensington Palace's Sunken Garden. William's return as a polo player comes two months after his brother made his official debut as a member of the Los Padres team. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief The team, led by professional polo player, model and close friend of Harry Nacho Figueras, is based at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club, close to where the Duke and Duchess of Sussex now live. Mr Figueras celebrated his friendship with the Duke as he shared earlier this spring with his Instagram followers a photograph showing the pair standing in their polo outfits alongside other members of Los Padres. The caption to the photograph read: "Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the @santabarbarapoloclub‘s Harry East Memorial Tournament. "We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. "The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers." Indeed, Mr Figuearas and Harry have often played together over the years, in particular to raise funds for Sentebale - the organisation the Duke co-founded with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho. After relocating to the star-studded neighbourhood of Santa Barbara, Prince Harry returned to charity polo matches in May, when he hosted the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy. News of Prince William's return to the pitch was very much welcome by royal fans. A fan Twitter account called The Cambridges wrote on the social media platform following the announcement: "Yaay wonderful!! I hope we will see his lovely family cheering him on at some point during this year's polo season". Another fan, Sarah Delore, said: "Love seeing William play polo. "But have to admit I'm excited at the prospect of seeing Catherine and the gorgeous kids at the game." And story seas added: "Great news! It's wonderful to see the Duke of Cambridge helping all of these charities!" While many fans are hopeful to be able to see Kate and William's children watching their father playing as it happened in July 2019, one royal commentator noted it is unlikely Prince George and Princess Charlotte will be in attendance. GB News royal correspondent Cameron Walker wrote on Twitter: "I think it's unlikely we will see Prince George or Princess Charlotte at the match. "Their school's summer holiday doesn't start until Friday!"