The two terrier-type dogs, believed to be mother and son, were found at around midday on Tuesday by a shocked couple driving along a country lane near Macclesfield in Cheshire as the UK sweltered in record-breaking temperatures. The animals were underweight, infested with fleas and suffering from skin conditions. One has a fractured leg that may need to be amputated and an infected eye which needs to be removed. The couple rushed the dogs to a local vets where they are receiving urgent care. RSPCA Inspector Caren Goodman-James said the animals faced a "lingering death" if they had not been found. The charity has launched an investigation into the incident. Ms Goodman-James said: “We believe one dog may be the mother of the younger dog. "Sadly she has a fractured leg - and an old fracture to the same leg which may now need amputating. “She is also blind in one eye due to a severe infection and this eye will need to be removed. “Both the dogs are in a sad state and are matted and underweight so are currently receiving a lot of attention. READ MORE: Meet nine adorable RSPCA dogs waiting years for a home “These dogs are in very poor condition and were callously left in a secluded spot on the hottest day of the year. “The couple who picked them up are not sure of the exact location as they were not from the area but said the lane was surrounded by fields and had no houses nearby. "We know it was 10 minutes north from the vets in Macclesfield where they took the pets too. “I am grateful for their intervention as it was lucky these dogs were found or they faced a lingering death and I am keen to find the person responsible.” DON'T MISS'Skin and bones' rescue dog makes incredible transformationHeartbreak as two tiny puppies dumped in cardboard box in parkPuppies found crammed into cages and infested with worms  It comes as the RSPCA has launched its Cancel Out Cruelty summer campaign to raise funds towards its rescue teams on the frontline. The charity receives around 90,000 calls to its cruelty line every month and investigates 6,000 reports of animal abuse. But in the summer calls rise to 134,000 a month and reports of cruelty soar to 7,600 - a heartbreaking 245 every day. The RSPCA is also bracing for a challenging summer amid the cost of living crisis. Anyone with information about the two dogs is asked to contact the RSPCA’s appeal line confidentially on 0300 123 8018.