The incident, which occurred on March 7, involved a Texan II turboprop and a DJI Mavic 2 consumer drone, a UK Airprox Board report said. The drone operator claims the two aircraft came within 60 feet of each other as they flew over the Welsh village of Llandinam in Powys at around 12.20pm. The drone operator told the board how two-minutes after take-off, they heard a "distant buzzing", before the Texan appeared "from a bend in the valley, over the trees" where they were standing, reports North Wales Live. The drone was at an elevation of around 100 metres at the time and the operator decided against bringing it down as the Texan pilot "would stand a better chance of avoiding a static object than a moving object." This all happened within a "split second" the drone operator told the board. The risk of collision was assessed as "high" by the drone operator but the Texan pilot assessed the risk to be "low", saying in the report that they only became aware of the near miss several days after completing the flight. HQ Air Command commented in the report that the drone was operating legally and commended them "for their pragmatism with reporting the Airprox and getting in touch with RAF Valley to highlight their presence."  Drone flight plans on Drone Assist UK are not checked and do not produce notice to air missions (NOTAMs) to crews at RAF Valley, which are thoroughly checked pre-flight, the report says. HQ Air Command commented: "The current height deconfliction issue between civilian drone usage and MOD low-flying (below 2000ft agl) activity remains a concern for the MOD. "As there is no current requirement to NOTAM civilian drone activity (outside restricted airspace) up to 400ft, this could potentially represent a severe Flight Safety hazard when considering military low-flying levels are routinely down to 100-250ft in various areas across the UK." In summary, the Airprox Board said: "Members noted that, because the Airprox took place below the coverage of the NATS [National Air Traffic Services] area radars, there was no recorded data available with which a closest point of approach could be measured. "However, the Board took into account the drone operator’s estimate of separation and assessment of the risk of collision, and noted that the drone operator did not feel that there had been sufficient time for them to descend their drone away from the path of the approaching Texan II. "This, coupled with the fact that the Texan II pilot did not see the drone, led the board to conclude that safety had not been assured an a risk of collision had existed. "Consequently, the Board assigned a Risk Category B to this Airprox." This means it is considered that safety was not assured. The board recommended that the Civil Aviation Authority and Military Aviation Authority consider a way in which non-recreational drone activity can be made known in a way that other air users operating at low altitudes can access.