Shivi Ramoutar joined Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary in the This Morning studio to discuss what the tell-tale signs are that food has gone off and should be thrown out. The UK throws out more than 4.5 million tonnes of food waste each year, and in a bid to reduce this, several supermarkets have removed their use by or best before dates on products. When discussing how to know if an egg is still edible, the conversation turned to where eggs should be kept in the kitchen. “Eggs, we have the float test,” Shivi said. “This is quite clever and quite fun.” She had two large glasses of water in front of her and proceeded to drop a fresh egg into one glass. The fresh egg sunk to the bottom of the glass. In the second glass, she carefully dropped an egg past its use by date. READ MORE: McDonald's launches brand new reward scheme for customers The old egg rose to the top of the glass and floated. Shivi explained: “There are air pockets inside eggs, and as the egg goes off, it releases more water and the air pocket gets bigger, hence why they start to float in water.” Dermot commented: “I think they’re [supermarkets] ridiculous with the use by dates. “Eggs keep for far longer than the use by.” DON'T MISS...Banish bad fridge smells using common household product ‘100% works!’ [CLEANING]Queen ‘broke tradition’ with her favourite Scottish hobby [VIDEO]Lose 8lb in a month with new diet hailed better that Mediterranean [EXPERT] Shivi said: “If you have an egg going off, use it in a cooked dish, don’t have it soft boiled, bake with it. “Make cakes or use it in egg fried rice.” Dermot wanted to know the exact number of days an egg lasts beyond its use by date. Shivi said: “It depends how you store it; in a fridge, it will last for longer, out of a fridge it won’t last as long. “I don’t want to say a specific time because it varies.” READ MORE: 'Will keep your bread fresh for ages': Food storage hack to stop mould  CPx40Twd Alison remarked: “I’ve never put my eggs in the fridge,” and Dermot said he hadn’t either. Shivi explained: “ “That makes it last for longer, but as a chef, I wouldn’t put eggs in the fridge because they’re porous, they absorb other smells.” Shivi also had some clever ways to use “sad” fruit and vegetables or food that wasn’t completely perfect. “If bread is not soft, it’s stale,” she said. “You can fresh it in the oven with a drop of water, blitz it for breadcrumbs, or use for croutons, or toast it.” Wrinkled vegetables she suggested using in cooked dishes - chillies, curries, stews. Express.co.uk recently revealed how you can revive old vegetables with a simple hack. Bananas that have black skins, if you aren’t a fan of making banana bread, Shivi suggested peeling them and chopping them up, before placing them into the freezer to be added into smoothies at a later date.