The Queen’s granddaughter Zara and her husband, former Gloucester Rugby captain, Mike Tindall, celebrated their wedding anniversary yesterday. The royal couple married in Edinburgh, Scotland on July 30, 2011.  Zara and Mike began dating in 2003 when the couple were introduced to each other by Zara’s cousin, Prince Harry, during England's successful Rugby World Cup campaign in Australia. The couple were both involved in sport, as Mike later supported Zara when she won the silver equestrian medal at the 2012 Olympics in London. Mike said about Zara: “I've never been in love before, but Zara is the love of my life. No doubt." However, right before their wedding day, Princess Anne issued a light-hearted request for her future son-in-law.   But Mr Tindall could not go through with it. Months before the wedding, Tindall revealed that Princess Royal asked him to get a nose job. It is believed that Mike has broken his nose over eight times during his rugby career, which left it crooked. Mike said: “It was a light-hearted, jokey comment. It wasn’t a big deal. "Look at my nose – can you blame her?" READ MORE:' Thank you!' Royal fans praise Charles and Camilla   The former rugby player was unable to get the surgery at the time because it would have conflicted with his training regime. He got the surgery after he retired in 2018, right before the wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Mike and Zara tied the knot 11 years ago at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. The bride wore an ivory silk dress designed by Stewart Parvin, which is one of the Queen’s favourite designers. She also wore a tiara which originated from the Greek Royal Family. It had been gifted to the Queen by Princess Alice, Prince Philip’s mother, and was then passed down to Zara’s mother Princess Anne. DON'T MISS: The Queen would 'sometimes cross out whole menu' at Buckingham Palace [INSIGHT]Royal Family at the 2022 Commonwealth Games - The best photos so far [REPORT]Princess Diana broke protocol at 'horrendous occasion' with Charles [REVEAL] Mike designed Zara’s wedding ring rather than choosing a royal heirloom which is tradition. The ring features a single solitaire diamond surrounded by pave diamonds on a platinum band. The couple were spotted at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June, where a photo of Mike teasing Prince Louis while Kate Middleton laughed went viral. Mike also posted about the celebrations on Instagram, where he jokingly posed in Zara’s hats. 