Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu discussed the ongoing row over abortion rights and BLM rights with journalist Kay Burley and Scotty Nell Hughes. Dr Shola and Ms Hughes argued back and forth over what rights Americans currently had and did not have. Ms Hughes defended the right to life for unborn babies in the US and Ms Mos-Shogbamimu pushed to discuss the lack of human rights black people in the US currently have. Dr Shola went on to claim black people were denied liberty every single day living in the US. Dr Shola told Sky News: "You cannot talk about freedom when you're denying people freedom, and I'm not saying you." Ms Hughes said: "What people were denying freedom, please tell me what people?" Dr Shola added: "I'm sorry we just gave as an example, the abortion rights for women, we talked about the treatment..." Ms Hughes said: "We're giving the baby the freedom... The chance to live? See once again this is the dicourse, we're giving freedom to live, what's wrong with that?" JUST IN: 'Alarming!' Desperate parents dip into children's savings to pay for skyrocketing bills Dr Shola said: "We're talking about the denial of life and liberty to black people, to African Americans which happens every single day." Ms Hughes said: "When have we denied a black person anything right now? In this present modern day when has, America denied black people anything?" Dr Shola said: "How can African Americans still be fighting for the right to live as Americans.!" "We are talking about the denial, which happens to black people every single day. READ MORE:Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre - Police confirm several injured     Dr Shola's about freedom for African Americans come after another unarmed black man was shot in Akron, Ohio last week. Bodycam footage released by Ohio state police showed a  25-year-old man, identified as Jaylan Walker being killed in a hail of bullets whilst running away from police. There has been mass outrage over the shooting and the eight officers involved in the shooting have been placed on leave whilst an investigation into the incident start. Some have used the recent shooting to claim that black African Americans still lack basic freedoms. DON’T MISS: Queen fed up with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn'[INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: 'New era of uncertainty' Germany & Ireland rage as Truss plot set for debate [REVEAL] 'All options on the table' Germany ambassador warns EU to hit out if Brexit deal ignored [SPOTLIGHT]    The police have encouraged peaceful protests for those who wish to demonstrate. police chief Steve Mylett released a joint statement on the situation and said: "We know that no police officer ever wants to discharge their service weapon in the line of duty. And anytime they must, it’s a dark day for our city, for the families of those involved, as well as for the officers. Tragically, we are once again faced with a young man, with his life before him, gone too soon. "Every single life is precious, and the loss of any life is absolutely devastating to our entire community. Our prayers are with Jayland Walker’s loved ones, and we offer our sincere condolences to all those who knew him. Our thoughts are also with our Akron police officers and their families. "We want to reassure our citizens that more information will be coming in the following days, including the body-worn camera footage that recorded this incident. We are keeping our promise to the community, understanding that there can be no trust without transparency and follow-through on commitment. "We have every confidence in the Attorney General’s Bureau of Criminal Investigation to conduct a thorough, fair, and honest investigation. We will cooperate fully with that investigation and have made it a top priority for our staffs. As a city, we are committed to this process and trust that it will yield a fuller understanding of this incident.”   