An expert has warned drivers to think carefully about making the switch to an EV. Electric cars can be very different compared to petrol and diesel alternatives and it might take some time to get used to them. With the cost of fuel remaining at record levels, motorists across the UK might think about switching to an EV. And, figures are suggesting that this might indeed be the case. In March alone, Brits bought more EVs than in all of 2019. However, Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, exclusively told Express.co.uk that drivers should think twice before making the switch. READ MORE: Car ends up on top of two caravans in a bizarre parking incident He said: “The price of fuel has soared alongside the current cost of living, with a full tank (55L) costing an average of £100. “With this in mind, the electric car appears more attractive to those concerned with these increased expenses. “However, it’s safe to say that the move from what you know can be daunting and so it’s important to understand the pros and cons of an electric car to find what’s right for you.” Mr Hixon highlighted that one of the biggest advantages of owning an EV is the ability to charge it at home. DON'T MISS ‘Strong case’ for mandatory eyesight tests for elderly drivers [REVEAL] 'No brainer': Common car tax incentive could save drivers thousands [INSIGHT] Motorists told to 'brake and accelerate less' to boost efficiency [ADVICE] However, not everyone has access to a charger so a public charger would be needed. The expert said: “If this isn’t practical, there are public chargers, costing a fraction of the price of fuel, with 80 percent of power being reached for around £30.” Another factor to think about is the charging speed. This is one of the biggest differences between an internal combustion engine vehicle (ICE) and an EV. READ MORE: Drivers warned of simple mistake that can leave them stranded Mr Hixon said: "Charging speeds can influence people’s opinions on electric cars. “Usually, a trip to the fuel station can take as little as five minutes, whereas charging an electric car can take anywhere between 15 minutes and 24 hours depending on the charging station. “So for some, this can be off-putting, especially for those with a busy schedule and little time to wait for their car to charge. “In the same way fuel cars have a certain number of miles per gallon depending on the model, this can be the same for electric cars, with different mileage being associated with different cars. “Sometimes it’s a case of looking into different electric vehicles and finding the one that suits your lifestyle and needs.“ The charging costs of EVs also seem to be increasing. Drivers of electric vehicles will now need to fork out over £220 more per year to get around. This is according to vehicle insurance provider GoCompare, and the UK’s leading EV charging app Zap-Map. The average cost of charging an electric car on the high-speed public network has risen by as much as 3p per mile since last year. Surging energy prices have resulted in increases across both regular and rapid/ultra-rapid EV chargers. The research showed that it now costs an average of 48p per kWh to charge at a rapid/ultra-rapid device, compared to just 35p per kWh in December 2021. Similarly, the cost per kWh at regular devices has increased from 24p to 33p in the same period. Despite this, EV enthusiasts can still claim to be in a better position than drivers who have to fill up at the pumps. That’s because charging an electric vehicle is still plenty cheaper than paying for petrol - at around £326 less per year. With current petrol prices through the roof, it would cost an average of £1,246 to travel 8,000 miles (an average annual distance) in a petrol vehicle, and just £923 in an EV; and this is not taking into account further cost savings from charging at home or on slower, lower-powered units.