The first instalment of the Government’s cost of living package is due to be paid to eight million Britons on Universal Credit and means tested benefits from July 14. It means millions of people could soon be £326 better off. Millions of people rely on Universal Credit, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Pension Credit and Tax Credits to help them make ends meet. Many will be keen to find out when they can expect their cost of living support payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Some people may have already received the first payment of £326 as first instalments have been promised from July 14 onwards. The second payment of £324 will be made before winter sets in. READ MORE: Journalist slams Vodafone for chasing £33 after mum died Britons can also expect a further payment of £400 - no matter what their income. This will automatically be discounted from people’s energy bills from October. Meanwhile, most households are also due a £150 council tax rebate if people live in a band A to D property. In total, some households could be due £1,200 worth of help if they receive means tested benefits. DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING] A pensioner who qualifies for all of the help available will receive £1,500. That’s because they should get an additional £300 to help them get through winter. People are also being reminded to check on friends and relatives and see if they could qualify for Pension Credit. Almost one million (850,000) older people are missing out on this DWP benefit which could be worth thousands as it’s a gateway benefit to things like help with housing costs. READ MORE: Savings provider offering 2.7% is rated ‘excellent’ Who can claim Pension credit? Pension Credit pays people extra money to help with living costs if they’re over State Pension age and on a low income. To qualify for Pension Credit someone needs to be earning less than £177.10 per week, £278 for couples. Pension Credit can also help with housing costs such as ground rent or service charges. Pension Credit claimants could get: