The Index of Private Housing Rent Prices (IPHRP) released this week shows private rental prices in the UK rose by three percent in the 12 months to June 2022, the largest annual growth rate since the Office for National Statistics (ONS) implemented the measure in January 2016. The latest data from private sector property companies put this figure far higher, with Rightmove finding a 12 percent annual increase, and HomeLet 10.5 percent.  According to the IPHRP, private rental prices grew by 2.9 percent in England, 1.9 percent in Wales and 3.5 percent in Scotland in the past year. The East Midlands saw the highest annual growth in private rental prices, 4.3 percent, while London saw the lowest at 1.7 percent. Although more stable, the IPHRP comes in significantly lower than private sector measures because it takes into account existing lets rather than focussing on new lets. Rightmove found London’s annual growth exceeding 15 percent, the highest ever for any region, to reach a new record average asking rent of £2,257 per calendar month.  Outside of London, the real estate portal found average asking rents had surged 19 percent in the two years since the pandemic began, resulting in a price hike similar to that in the eight years leading up to the pandemic. The average rental price for a new tenancy in the UK was £1,103 per calendar month in June, according to HomeLet, and monthly rental payments are now roughly 40 percent higher than they were ten years ago. A combination of factors are presumed to have led to this point. READ MORE: Energy crisis lifelines: Millions of Britons can slash bills by £1,878  Demand has remained high as those not wanting to move amid the uncertainty of the pandemic look for new homes. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors' latest Residential Market Survey found 36 percent more respondents reported an increase in tenant demand over the course of this month. Others, unwilling to enter the highly competitive rental market, are clinging to their rental properties for longer, with Zoopla finding tenants tended to stay in their rental properties for an extra five months in 2022 compared to five years ago. Property owners have also had to bear skyrocketing energy costs, as the cost-of-living crisis squeezes their personal budgets, leading many to demand more from their tenants. All of this is compounded by the shortage of available housing in the UK, as successive Governments have struggled to build at pace with population growth.  DON'T MISS:Liz Truss husband: How Hugh O'Leary forgave racy affair with Tory MP [EXCLUSIVE]Megxit vindicated as Harry defies Palace in new US life of 'purpose' [REPORT]'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [REVEAL]Fury as 'schizophrenic' Brussels buckles to Putin [INSIGHT]  According to the National Housing Federation, 340,000 new homes need to be constructed each year in England until 2031 to meet current demand. In the 2019 Conservative Party Manifesto, 300,000 a year was set as a target. England added only 216,490 homes to its housing stock in the year to April 2021, according to the Department for Levelling-Up, Housing and Communities. Of the 24.9 million dwellings in England as of April 2021, 15.9 million (64.9 percent) were owner-occupied, 4.9 million (19.7 percent) were privately rented, and 4.1 million (16.5 percent) were social and affordable rented dwellings.  Commenting on the latest data, Rob Wishart, Head of Business Intelligence at HomeLet, said: “The impacts of inflation, the war in Ukraine, energy price and other cost increases, are all combining to squeeze households up and down the country. “This month’s rental figures also show a rise, and it is relatively easy to surmise that all of the issues above will lead to an increased number of tenants unable to pay their rent, which is a bad thing for everyone.” In a bid to ease the burden on renters, the Government published a fairer private rented sector White Paper in June featuring proposals to ban arbitrary rent increases, no-fault evictions and the exclusion of tenants on benefits. Earlier this year, housing associations and social landlords were allowed to increase rents charged by 4.1 percent.  Ever-rising rents make it difficult for people wishing to leave the rental market to save and get on the property ladder. The average house price in the UK hit a record £283,000 in May 2022, an increase of £32,000 (12.8 percent) in just a year, according to the ONS. The Resolution Foundation think tank found that youth home ownership had almost halved since 1989, from a 51 percent peak in 1989 to 28 percent in 2019. And, in March, an ONS report found that 28 percent of 20 to 34 year-olds were living at home with their parents in 2021, up from 24 percent in 2011. 