Bayern Munich have been linked with a blockbuster transfer for Tottenham striker Harry Kane after head coach Julian Nagelsmann publicly hinted at a bid. The Bundesliga side are desperate to find a successor to Robert Lewandowski and Nagelsmann believes Kane would replace the Poland international’s goals. Nagelsmann, whose public plea for the England captain angered Antonio Conte, said: “Kane is very expensive - and that’s the problem. But he’s a brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward. In the last couple of years he’s been more of a No 10. But Kane is very strong, brilliant with head and both feet. He could score a lot in the Bundesliga. “I don’t know the price, but it’s really tough for Bayern Munich. But we’ll see what happens in the future.” Spurs are unlikely to accept an offer from Bayern, and would certainly want a player in return to even go to the negotiating table. Express Sport looks at which stars from the German side Conte might like. Benjamin Pavard France defender Benjamin Pavard is apparently considering his options this summer. The 26-year-old wants to move somewhere he can play at centre-back, having spent most of his time at Bayern in the right-back position. Manchester United and Chelsea have already been linked. But Pavard could be an outstanding addition to Conte’s back three. Conte has been desperate to strengthen his defence this summer but it seems that Barcelona loanee Clement Lenglet will be the only centre-back additions, unless Spurs can persuade Bayern to let them have Pavard. JUST IN: Tottenham star Harry Kane has already given honest view on Bayern move Leon Goretzka Leon Goretzka has been frequently linked with a transfer to the Premier League but one is yet to materialise. Arsenal and Spurs have both been linked with the Germany international in the past. Conte has already added significantly to his midfield with Yves Bissouma and Rodrigo Bentancur joining since the Italian’s appointment. Goretzka would be another good signing, though. The 27-year-old would bring much-needed Champions League experience as Spurs prefer for their first campaign in the competition since 2019. Injuries kept Goretzka out for much of last season, as he made just 19 Bundesliga appearances. DON'T MISS...Atletico Madrid 'step up Cristiano Ronaldo pursuit' with transfer planArsenal still have four winger options to target this summerKounde 'rejects' Chelsea move as Barcelona consider transfer 'closed' Kingsley Coman Nagelsmann has several forwards to choose from, including the emergence of former Chelsea youngster Jamal Musiala. Winger Kingsley Coman could therefore choose to seek a new challenge after five years at the club. Spurs have been linked with a couple of attackers despite already signing Richarlison. Conte also has Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski, so any new forward will have strong competition. But Coman might fancy his chances of starting regularly at Spurs, and could even get the Victor Moses treatment if Conte feels the France international can be retrained as a wing-back.