Liverpool bounced back from the disappointment of opening their pre-season account with a heavy defeat against Manchester United by comfortably beating Crystal Palace 2-0 on Friday. Key figures Jordan Henderson and Mohamed Salah came up with the goals in Singapore, and there were five key points for fans to take away as the Premier League season edges closer... The Reds will naturally have been desperate to bounce back after a 4-0 thrashing by bitter rivals Manchester United on Tuesday. Fans saw a completely different display this time around as Liverpool were calm and composed in possession, leaving Palace to feed off scraps. Such an approach makes sense for Klopp and his rejuvenated crop of players, with the group sure to take time getting up to speed before returning to their rampant best. After all, there are more than two weeks left before they make their return to competitive action against Manchester City in the Community Shield. JUST IN: Man Utd 4-1 Melbourne Victory: Five things we learned as Erik ten Hag secures another win Liverpool's shiny new signing was brought on at half-time, and spurned a great chance to open his pre-season account when the ball trickled towards him at close range. A subtle deflection took it out of his path, however, and he swiped at fresh air. Nunez will undoubtedly be keen to find the net as soon as possible and follow Luis Diaz's example of making an instant impact. There was a brief look to the heavens from the Uruguayan when he was hauled off with 15 minutes to play, having drawn a blank for the second consecutive pre-season match. Salah showed, in more ways than one, why it was so important for Liverpool to match the terms of his three-year contract extension. The Egyptian drew huge cheers from the crowd in Singapore when his face was beamed onto the big screen, and he scored just a minute after coming on thanks to a Palace deflection that flummoxed Vicente Guaita. All told, the outing showed the Reds that Salah is still vitally important for football and commercial reasons. The flying winger could have an even more crucial role to play this season after Sadio Mane's departure, with Nunez likely to take some time to adjust. There were positive signs early on for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as a sequence of neat touches and passes saw him establish authority in the first half. Express Sport understands that Liverpool have decided against selling him this summer, with Jurgen Klopp planning to keep him in and around the first team for the upcoming campaign. But it became the same old story when he slumped to the turf with injury before the interval. With the midfielder's progress often stunted in similar circumstances, he smashed the ground in frustration before being taken off. It remains to be seen whether the knock will hinder the rest of Oxlade-Chamberlain's pre-season, or worse, keep him sidelined when Premier League actions gets underway. Harvey Elliott could become a key fixture in Klopp's squad this campaign, and he showed against Palace that he is ready for more responsibility in 2022/23. The teenager was tricky to dispossess early on and picked out a precise cutback for Henderson to sweep home and open the scoring. A miscue in the first half showed that his finishing could still use a bit of work, but the boss will surely have been impressed by the majority of what he saw. Elliott's breakthrough season was disrupted by a devastating ankle injury that restricted him to just six Premier League appearances, but things could be very different this term. 