Mr Johnson announced his resignation on 7 July 2022, however, he is remaining as Prime Minister until a new party leader is elected. The Conservative Party are currently embroiled in a feverish debate as to who shall lead the party. Journalist Petronella Wyatt suspects that Mr Johnson still has ambitions to become party leader, by resigning from his seat as Prime Minister next week.  Ms Wyatt tweeted: "A source at Number 10 tells me that Boris Johnson intends to stand down as Prime Minister on Monday, in order to run for the Tory leadership." However, this possibility was challenged by another Twitter user. Senior Researcher at the Institute for Government Dr Alice Lilly tweeted: "Sorry to be boring but here are some actual facts, courtesy of the excellent House of Commons Library briefing note on Conservative party leadership contests." The House of Commons Library briefing note on Conservative party leadership contests states that "a leader who resigns is not eligible to contest the subsequent leadership election". READ MORE: Boris Johnson's downfall celebrated in EU: 'Good news!'  Deputy political editor at Sky News Sam Coates echoed the views of Dr Lilly and tweeted: "A leader who resigns is not eligible to contest the subsequent leadership election. "Page 5 of this on the current Tory leadership rules." He added that according to Mr Johnson's statement on Thursday, the Prime Minister, "agrees to a leadership contest and hand over to a successor". Mr Coates then tweeted: "It is hard to argue this isn’t a resignation under any normal definition." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Britain's £90billion red tape bonanza risk to pensioners [LIVE] New Tory leader 'faces a tough struggle' as support implodes - POLL [INSIGHT] Brexit scaremongering dismantled as EU told 'Germany sick man' of bloc [REPORT]  However, the online debate continued with one Twitter user stating that the rules have been changed regarding Tory leadership contests. Simon Banfield tweeted: "Have they changed the rules since 1995, Major vs Redwood?" He was referring to the 1995 Conservative Leadership election that was initiated when the incumbent leader and Prime Minister, John Major, resigned as leader and was then re-elected, beating John Redwood in the contest. The race to succeed Boris Johnson as prime minister has escalated as Conservative factions were briefed against siding with Rishi Sunak. On Saturday, one senior tory MP called for “no hope” candidates to drop out. Jacob Rees-Mogg said on Friday evening that he could not back Mr Sunak, he added: “We have had a high-tax chancellor and I belong to a low-tax party." Rees-Mogg, the Brexit opportunities minister, told BBC Radio 4’s Any Questions, "I want to see us getting back to being a low-tax party". 