Chelsea have received the green light from Benjamin Pavard that he would be willing to join the club providing an agreement is struck with Bayern Munich, according to reports in Germany. The France international defender has made his way onto Thomas Tuchel's transfer shortlist as the Blues go after further recruits following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. Chelsea had been in the ascendancy for Jules Kounde before Barcelona eventually snuck in to beat them to a mega-money deal, forcing the Blues back to the drawing board. Now they are assessing other targets which include World Cup winner Pavard, who is still considered to be first choice at Bayern ahead of Noussair Mazraoui. However, Bild claim Pavard is open to joining Chelsea if they decide to make their move in a welcome boost for Tuchel. The German tactician is now playing an active role in Chelsea's transfer business following the change of ownership at the club and the departure of Marina Granovskaia. READ MORE: Monchi blames Chelsea for Jules Kounde mishap after agreeing £55m transfer with Sevilla Todd Boehly is at the heart of negotiations but Tuchel does have a big say on which players the club are targeting. Reports in France also claim that Wesley Fofana has agreed terms with Chelsea, although a deal still looks difficult to pull off at this stage. Fofana is tied down to a long-term contract at Leicester and it would take serious money for the Foxes to consider a sale. Also on their shortlist is Inter Milan colossus Milan Skriniar, who is available to buy this summer. READ MOREChelsea can strike even better deal after £55m Jules Kounde transfer frustrationJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferChelsea can capitalise on cut-price transfer if Leicester block Wesley Fofana deal Inter are still trying to raise some funds to ease their debts and Skriniar is of significant value. He would cost upwards of £60million, money that is clearly there for Chelsea should they wish to pursue a deal. They offered £55m for Kounde before briefly hesitating despite an agreement with Sevilla. Monchi, Sevilla's director, has since clarified the sequence of events that saw the 23-year-old France defender join Barcelona. "Last Thursday we had an agreement with Chelsea and the player. When everything was closed and there was a good offer, everything stopped. And that's where Barca appeared," Monchi said. "The first time he contacted was last Monday, with Mateu Alemany. Barca made an effort and closed itself. Kounde was agreed to sell to Chelsea, there was an agreement with the player. "Chelsea hesitated and said they wanted to wait. That wait was delayed and Barca appeared. It's true that Chelsea then wanted to come back, but Barca's offer, in the end, was better."