Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) has been struggling with her addiction to drugs in recent months on Emmerdale, although she believes there isn't a problem at all. David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) and Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) are the only ones to know she has been taking drugs after the death of her stepdaughter and the ordeal Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) put her through. However, as the stakes get higher in next week's episodes of the ITV soap, she could end up doing something which will see Will (Dean Andrews) making an exit from the village. The drama begins with Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade), who Leyla has been taking a lot of her frustrations out on recently. Unaware her friend is in the midst of a drug problem, Priya has just thought her co-worker was being spiteful to her for no reason. Things don't seem to improve between the pair as Monday's episode comes around as Leyla decides to fire her friend from Take A Vow. With Suzy also having left the business recently, Leyla doesn't realise the implications this will cause as she is the only one running the show. Priya is devastated, especially as she managed to get a job at the firm only last year after the business was established back in 2014. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne With one person down, it seems Leyla is brazen with her attitude as she decides to sit down with Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick). Kim Tate (Claire King) instructed Lydia to take on the duties of wedding planner for her big day which would see her tie the knot with Will. This came after she fired Leyla, who was beginning to let her standards slip as she was more focussed on when she was going to get high. As she realises the pressure of planning Kim's wedding is becoming too much for Lydia, Leyla manages to spin the conversation so she would end up getting the job again. It seems to work as when Will overhears how stressed the wedding planner is, he asks Leyla if she will pick up the pieces. Leyla is full of glee as she tries to rebuild her reputation but later in the week, she will have a huge problem on her hands. With her drug addiction getting out of hand, she ends up helping a drug dealer stash a huge amount of his product in the Take A Vow office. When the bag disappears, having been taken by Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) to get revenge on Suzy, Leyla goes into a panic. The drug dealer tells her she has hours to find the drugs or he will not be held responsible for his actions if she fails to deliver. Unfortunately, with Leyla betraying everyone who has shown her kindness recently, she could end up throwing Will under the bus. DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] Knowing Will has been in prison before in relation to drugs, she could end up telling the drug dealer he was the one who took it. This would mean the drug dealer would be after blood, wanting to get revenge on Will for taking his stash and doing whatever he wanted to with it. Leyla would feel awful but she would forget about her betrayal in a second as she realises the drug dealer is now off her back. However, what she might not realise is she would have sealed Will's death, just weeks before he was set to marry the love of his life. As Will makes his exit from the show because of Leyla framing him for something he didn't do, she will have to live with the guilt. But will anyone discover it was Leyla who sealed his death and will she be forced to admit she has an addiction to drugs? The actor who plays Will, Dean, has spoken before about leaving the programme, albeit temporarily, to film for the new series of Life on Mars. Dean explained: "[Another series of Life on Mars] seems to be something that is still ongoing. And you know, if I was a betting man, I might put a couple of quid on it. "The writers Matt Graham and Ashley Pharoah are in the process of writing four or five episodes and getting everybody back together who wants to come back. "I believe Phil (Glenister) and John (Simm) are very, very excited about it, Daniel Mays, myself...they are hoping everyone wants to come back, and they want to make the story back in the 70s and the 80s and the modern day." "I’ve just got to try and beg Emmerdale at some point in my life if they still want me," he said in an interview with This Morning. However, to make the most of the drama on-screen, writers could have decided to kill the character off so they could launch storylines for other villagers. This would include the likes of Leyla as her drug story continues as well as Kim having to deal with the grief of losing her future husband. Could this be the end of the road for Will after years of drama in the village? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.