Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is ready to sell Alex Telles in this summer’s transfer window after the Brazilian was involved in a training ground bust-up, according to reports. The Samba star was signed by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer from Porto two years ago. But he’s often struggled at Old Trafford and, with Tyrell Malacia incoming, a parting of the ways appears to be on the cards. Back in May, Telles and Hannibal Mejbri were reportedly involved in a bust-up at the club’s Carrington training complex. And The Mirror say the Samba star is now in line to be sold, with Ten Hag keen to impose himself on the dressing room and make it clear that breaches of discipline won’t be tolerated. It’s stated the incident at their complex saw team-mates ‘shocked’, with Ralf Rangnick then forced to abandon the session prematurely despite his desire to see members of the squad improve. Players tried to clam the situation down as Hannibal and Telles both clashed, with the duo 10 years apart in age. Telles moved to Old Trafford from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2020, with Solskjaer adamant he’d be a huge hit. But the 29-year-old has often blown hot and cold and struggled to get into the team ahead of Luke Shaw, no matter the nature of the England international’s performances. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Telles was also recently involved in an argument with Bruno Fernandes, too, in footage that was captured on film and posted on social media. Fernandes took exception to the Brazil international and Fred filming footage at Carrington for a ‘Day in the Life’ video. Fernandes shouted at the pair to stop ‘being ballers’ and then barked that they’re ‘here to play football, not to film it’. He also swore at the camera crew who were present, too, telling them to ‘film my (expletive).’ Hannibal has been a tenacious figure during his brief United career so far and earned praise for his brutal cameo in the club’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool in April. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Yet while his temperament can be questionable, it appears United are ready to back the 19-year-old over Telles instead. With Malacia primed to arrive from Feyenoord, for a fee of £13.5million, Telles’ days at the club are now winding down. And he’s not the only player who could leave United, with the futures of seven other assets currently up in the air. Eric Bailly is wanted by Fulham and has been deemed surplus to requirements even if he wants to stay at Old Trafford. Phil Jones could be offloaded, with the England international plagued by injuries since his arrival from Blackburn Rovers back in the summer transfer window of 2011. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United are ready to listen to offers for the likes of Axel Tuanzebe and Brandon Williams, too. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is wanted by Crystal Palace, though there are claims Ten Hag is ready to give him pre-season to prove his worth. And Andreas Pereira and Anthony Martial, who had loan spells at Flamengo and Sevilla respectively last season, also face uncertain futures. Meanwhile, Michael Carrick has opened up on Ten Hag and outlined his expectations for the upcoming season. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “United, hopefully, can get a good start to the season and kick on. And it will be interesting to see how it goes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think he proved at Ajax and his coaching career that he’s got strong beliefs and his teams play a certain way. “I’m looking forward to seeing that. I hope they get a good start to the season and, if they do, they can get the momentum from there. “You want to be right up there, challenging. “At the start of every season at United you want to win trophies and win the league. “So I’m sure they’ll be trying to do that.” United finished sixth in the Premier League table last term, meaning they'll be playing in the Europa League next term.