Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag had his post-match interview after the 2-2 draw with Aston Villa disrupted by fans giving him transfer advice. Ten Hag reportedly was told to sell club captain Harry Maguire and sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. United had won their first three friendlies in pre-season against Liverpool, Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace. They looked set to make it four from four against Villa. Jadon Sancho put the Red Devils into the lead before a Matty Cash own goal doubled the advantage. However, Leon Bailey pulled one back for Villa after half-time before a Calum Chambers header deep into stoppage time levelled the game up in Perth. And it appeared some fans were not happy with the peformance. While Ten Hag carried out his post-match media duties, the Manchester Evening News claimed he had fans shouting from above to 'sell Maguire' and 'sign De Jong'. Transfer news LIVE: Kane in limbo, Chelsea to sell star man, Ronaldo swap deal  Ten Hag publicly backed Maguire on a number of occasions since his appointment as manager. The England defender came under fire for his performances last season. Ten Hag has kept Maguire as club captain and he explained his decision earlier this month. The Dutchman said: “Harry Maguire is the captain. “Of course, I have to get to know all the players and it takes time. But he is an established captain for a few years and he has achieved a lot of success, so I don't doubt about this issue.” Meanwhile, Barca star De Jong has been linked with a move to United throughout the summer. United are claimed to have agreed a fee with Barca for the Holland international. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag admits lesson learned vs Aston Villa - 'That's no good'Sevilla respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed deal' for Chelsea target KoundeArsenal boss Arteta makes statement on how many more signings he wants  De Jong would be reuniting with Ten Hag, having worked under him at former club Ajax. But the player is determined to stay at the Nou Camp beyond this window. United have made three signings so far this summer. Dutch left-back Tyrell Malacia was the first player through the door at Old Trafford. He was joined by Christian Eriksen on a free transfer, before the arrival of defender Lisandro Martinez from Ajax for a fee that could rise to £57m. United have two more friendlies before the start of the Premier League season. They face Atletico Madrid in Oslo next Saturday and are back at home to Rayo Vallecano the following day. Ten Hag's first competitive match in charge is at home to Brighton on August 7. 