The Duke of Sussex, 37, was joined by his wife Meghan, 40, in New York. Stepping out for the event, the couple appeared elegant in black as they made their first official appearance since they visited the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. Just following Prince Harry’s speech, the couple met with a number of UN ambassadors. Prince Harry used his speech to recount his affection for places in Africa he tied to memories of both his mother and his spouse. He first visited the continent just after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, and then, decades later, took Meghan to Botswana for one of their first dates. Prince Harry told the crowd: “Since I first visited Africa at 13 years old, I’ve always found hope on the continent. “In fact, for most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I have found peace and healing time and time again. “It is where I have felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife. “It’s why so much of my work is based there.” Prince Harry's reference to his late mother was quickly picked up on social media, with one account praising the Duke of Sussex for a "sincere and heartfelt" address. READ MORE: Harry 'incredibly homesick' after return to California Twitter user @naseemak27 said: "He encapsulated Mandela's legacy so aptly." They added: "Diana must be so proud." Another Twitter user, @PritiMcbeth, chimed in: “Great speech. “Diana’s youngest son is shining.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry speech sparks row 'Why is he at UN?' [LIVE] Meghan Markle suffered 'mortifying' snub from A-lister [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Do you support Camilla as Queen Consort? [VOTE] @SarahData_ added: “We are seeing the rise of Prince Harry in real-time. “His speech at the UN is uplifting, warm and filled with optimism!” @stephyandjj commented: "Prince Harry has come a long way. “The speech he gave today at the #UN is testament to that growth." Prince Harry also spoke of a photograph featuring the late Princess of Wales with the anti-apartheid leader just before her death. He said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. The playfulness, cheekiness, even. "Pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity."