Biographer Tom Bower has claimed that Meghan Markle joined Prince Harry, and sixteen of his pals, for a weekend shoot at Sandringham soon after their relationship became public. In his upcoming book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, Mr Bower stated that Harry's friends made jokes 'involving sexism, feminism and transgender people ricocheted around the living-rooms and dining-rooms" to which Meghan "without hesitation" challenged them on their opinions. Following these claims, Meghan has been praised for speaking up and calling out Harry's "upper-class toff" pals on Jeremy Vine. Speaking on Jeremy Vine about Meghan "pulling up" Harry's friends on their comments, the Daily Mirror's associate editor Kevin Maguire said: "Good for her. "I cannot see why this would be negative." He said: "You can imagine what these groups of upper-class twits are like". Maguire added: "It's better for Harry that he's changed as a person actually and he's more aware about other people. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party with Meghan 'puzzled' friends "Rather than this somehow being bad". He called the friends, "reactionary toffs". The incident, in 2016, took place at a "shooting party" in Sandringham. Mr Maguire added: "Harry had his old Etonian friends around. "The joking banter included sexism, feminism, digs at transgender people and she [Meghan] pulled them up on it". READ MORE: Royal Family 'managing perfectly well without' Meghan and Harry as return to fold SNUBBED Mr Bower explained Harry "had not anticipated Meghan's reaction" amid a weekend of "endless banter, jokes - and a lot of drinking". In an extract of his new book, that has been published in the Sun, the biographer writes: "Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. Mr Bower went on to say, following the incident, some of Harry's Eton pals raised concerns about Meghan's "wokery". DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan went on to get engaged in 2017 and married in 2018. After two years as senior members of the British Royal Family, the couple announced that they had made a decision to step down as senior working royals. They now reside in the US with their two young children. Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors, by Tom Bower, is published by Blink Publishing on July 21. READ NEXT: