Presenter Eamonn Holmes relayed a fiery claim from a GB News viewer, who demanded to know if travellers from Norway and Switzerland were also struggling with their summer holidays. Eamonn and co-host Rosie Wright chatted to Simon Calder on Monday morning to explain the recent disruption to international travel. A GB News fan was left furious by this week’s delays at the Eurotunnel service from Dover to Calais. Hopeful holidaymakers have now endured a third day of gridlock thanks to a new traffic management system introduced during Brexit. Reading comments from viewers, Eamonn said: “A lot of people, no matter what you say, they believe this is a Brexit conspiracy. “Britain’s being punished for leaving the European Union.” READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims “Keith from Salisbury, for instance, ‘I’d like to know if Norway and Switzerland have the same problems entering the EU? I bet not. “‘It’s all about punishing the UK for daring to leave the EU.’” However, travel correspondent Simon reminded Eamonn countries like Norway and Switzerland don’t have the same restrictions as travellers from Britain. “Norway and Switzerland are both in the Schengen area,” he explained. “So there are no borders. That’s what they chose.” The Schengen area comprises 27 countries in Europe that have abolished passport and border control at their mutual borders. The United Kingdom has remained part of the open-border Common Travel Area since the Brexit vote, meaning travellers still require a passport to travel abroad in the EU. Simon went on: “We chose to be third-country nationals, which means whatever your passport says on the cover about the European Union: absolutely not. DON'T MISS:Rick Grimes movie cancellation explained by The Walking Dead boss [INSIGHT]P-Valley season 3: Cast ‘confident’ for Starz renewal [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander’s Marsali star ‘flipped out’ over costume [INTERVIEW] “We insisted in the withdrawal agreement that not only would we have our passports stamped, but they also have to ask you, ‘Eamonn have you got enough money to see you through this trip? “‘How long are you staying? When are you coming back? Can we see your ticket?’ “Those are all the questions that the UK devised along with the rest of Europe when we were in the EU.” Although the UK was never part of the Schengen area, it did have access to the Schengen Information System database, until the official withdrawal from the EU in 2020. Foreign secretary Liz Truss said of the Dover delays: “We need action from France to build up capacity at the border to limit any further disruption for British tourists and to ensure this appalling situation is avoided in future.” While her rival in the Conservative leadership race Rishi Sunak told the French: “Stop blaming Brexit and start getting the staff required to match demand.” As traffic begins to disperse, travellers have been assured the worst of the delays shouldn’t be so extreme for the rest of the summer. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.