New law changes could have a massive impact on drivers this month, with many new laws ranging from Clean Air Zones to speed limiters. And hundreds of UK motorists have reacted with fury at the developments. Drivers in the UK have already seen countless law changes this year, with new Highway Code rules and motoring fines. July will see a host of new regulations designed to boost road safety and reduce emissions, although drivers could find themselves embracing massive changes. But many are angry with what they see as continued meddling from Europe despite Brexit. And they also feel that constantly connected ‘smart’ EV chargers are another way to monitor drivers, invading privacy. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers Readers headed to the comment section in droves, with ‘Maggie T’ writing: “Smart chargers mean that when you wake up in the morning your battery will be flat. “It’s pretty obvious that most people will find it necessary to charge at night and alarm is spreading in government and the energy industry who have belatedly realised the grid will not be able to cope. “The power to your house might just still be on, courtesy of your enforced 3rd generation smart meter, having been switched off for hours during the day, but your EV charger will either be off or your supply limited so that you either have limited charge or no charge at all. “Happy EV motoring.” DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] ‘Deadmanwalking’ replied: “They haven’t ‘recently realised’ that our grid would be unable to meet demand, they have known for decades what was coming as they have decommissioned power station after power station and made us even more reliant on top ups from European countries like Germany who use lignite fuelled power stations!” ‘Newyorklady’ commented: “It doesn’t matter what we do in this country to be green to save the planet, China, India, Pakistan, America are laughing at us because they are opening more and more polluting businesses, while we struggle to live.” ‘Doggypaws’ replied: “Yes and opening more and more coal mines whilst we bite our fingers wondering how we will keep the lights on when the wind stops blowing ! Farcical government with farcical policies!” And the EU-style speed limiters also came under fire from Express.co.uk readers. ‘Covkid15’ said: “Speed limiters are part of most modern cruise control systems and are user switchable, mine is. “The EU 's un-switch-off-able limiters are dangerous.” ‘Itsmeagainstill’ replied: “They're not even speed limiters. If you actually look at the regulation, an acceptable system is one that simply beeps when you go above the speed limit, which already happens with most new cars anyway. “It's not like a magical device that stops you driving faster.”