Many people avoid the dreaded chore that is cleaning the oven, with some people leaving it several months before tackling the burned food, grease and grime lurking inside. While you may not be able to see the effects of using this handy appliance every day, leaving it too long in between cleaning could be detrimental to both the food cooked inside and the oven itself. Here’s how often you should clean your oven, and exactly how to do it. Oven cleaning can be a tedious task when it’s put off for too long and yet hundreds of Britons continue to avoid it. In fact, one poll found that some households leave as many as 18 months between cleaning. However, most experts agree that three months is the optimum time to leave between each deep clean. READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes Ron Shimek, president of Mr Appliance, said: “Having excess residue built up in your oven will not only make your food taste unpleasant but will also make your oven work harder to cook or bake your food to the ideal temperature. “Additionally, the stress of working through grease, grime, and other build-ups can strain the machine, decreasing its lifespan and potentially causing severe unforeseen problems in the future, such as oven failure or a grease fire.” He warned that while it is tempting to use the self-cleaning function to get the job done, it can often be too strenuous on the oven. Instead, do the job by hand to tackle every inch of dirt lurking on oven racks, doors and the interior of the oven itself. While waiting three months to blitz your oven will ensure it is safe to use, the team at EOT cleaning London said “little and often” is the best method for a consistently clean appliance. The advice is to wipe down the inside and outside of the oven at least once a month. Of course, if you make a mess while cooking, this should also be cleaned up as soon as possible to avoid stains. A clever tip to remove spills is to wait until the food has cooled to remove it as it is easier to peel off and won’t put you at risk of burns or other injuries. DON'T MISS:5 deep cleaning steps to avoid air fryer 'nightmare' [INSIGHT]Cleaning enthusiasts share peppermint hack for ousting ants [REVEAL]Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [ANALYSIS] When it comes to the deep clean, there are just a few ingredients needed to get the job done in as little time as possible. Always make sure your oven is turned off and make a habit of wearing rubber gloves to avoid coming into contact with unpleasant residue lurking in your oven. The easiest way to clean an oven without chemicals is to make up a cleaning solution using equal parts of baking soda and white vinegar. If you don’t have these ingredients on hand, you can make up a mixture of lemon juice and salt, instead. Spoon the mixture onto any stubborn areas of grease or food in the oven and leave it to sit for half an hour. Scrub away with a scouring brush or toothbrush and rinse using warm, soapy water. Finish by wiping the inside of the oven with plain water and patting dry with a clean cloth. Oven racks are fairly straightforward to clean as they generally respond well to a long soak which requires minimal effort. Place the racks in a large bucket or empty bathtub and sprinkle with baking soda. Pour over undiluted white vinegar and watch the ingredients fizz together to create a foam. Once the foaming stops, fill the container with warm water and leave the racks to soak overnight. Scrub the racks with a brush to remove grime and rinse once more before placing them back in the oven. 