Nick Kyrgios has shared a defiant message ahead of the US Open, as he looks set to be unseeded at the final Grand Slam of the year. The world No 47 is fresh off his maiden Major final at Wimbledon but has now been struck down by a new knee injury that forced him out of the Atlanta Open. Nick Kyrgios felt he "belonged" in the Wimbledon final Kyrgios enjoyed the best result of his career at Wimbledon as he reached his first-ever Grand Slam final, having previously never been beyond a quarter-final. He stormed to a one-set lead before losing in four to Novak Djokovic but was still in good spirits after the match, cracking jokes in his runner-up interview. But the 27-year-old was not rewarded with the standard 1,200 ranking points for reaching a Major final after the ATP decided to strip Wimbledon of its points in response to the tournament’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players, meaning he still sits down at world No 47 with a total of just 980 ranking points to his name. With the top 32 ranked players receiving a seeded position at a Grand Slam, Kyrgios won’t be able to make the cut at the US Open unless he records some big results at the upcoming Masters 1000 events in Montreal and Cincinnati, but the Aussie has shared a strong message as he admitted he was confident whether or not he received the benefit of a seeded position. JUST IN: Djokovic funding tennis star as Wimbledon phone call and role emerges  “I've been that floater my whole career,” he admitted after pulling out of the Atlanta Open with a knee injury. “Players know that whether I'm seeded or not the ball's kind of out of their court.” And Kyrgios made a bold claim, confessing that he felt like a top 10 player regardless of his ranking. He continued: “If I'm confident and playing well they can't really do much. I'm 60 in the world but I feel like I'm top 10 always.” DON'T MISS Williams 'excited' for Citi Open ahead of potential Raducanu meetingNovak Djokovic has bleak US Open chances assessedDjokovic's coach shares long-time Federer theory which is coming true  The recent Wimbledon finalist showed the same confidence after losing the championship match to Djokovic, as he admitted he felt like he belonged in the final stage of a Grand Slam. “I've got that under my belt now, a Wimbledon finalist. I can kind of draw from experience,” he said after the match. “I felt like I belonged, though. I feel like my game... My level has always been there. I feel like I've kind of put it together a little bit this week, these couple weeks, so…” 