The former Brexit opponent has said he will commit to "sort out the poor deal Boris Johnson signed" with a five-point plan for Labour, including tackling issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has dominated discussions since the UK left the bloc. In a speech to the Centre for European Reform at an event at the Irish Embassy in London, Sir Keir said: "There are some who say, 'We don't need to make Brexit work - we need to reverse it'. I couldn't disagree more." "Because you cannot move forward or grow the country or deliver change or win back the trust of those who have lost faith in politics if you're constantly focused on the arguments of the past. "We cannot afford to look back over our shoulder because all the time we are doing that we are missing what is ahead of us.” The Labour leader also claimed the current Government did not have a plan to make Brexit work, and despite winning on a pledge to “get Brexit done” they are yet to succeed. Here are the five things we've learnt about Labour's Brexit policy. READ MORE: Starmer trying to ‘recast himself as Mr Brexit’ is ‘almost laughable' The Labour leader said: "I want to make Brexit work. "We want to go forwards, not backwards. This is not about rejoining. It is not about going back into the single market or customs union. We have left the EU, there is no case for returning. "What we can't do is reopen all those arguments, all those divisions, which caused so much anguish over past years. "We need to go forwards with a better deal that unblocks the blockages that are there, allows us to trade more successfully and grows the economy." Sir Keir said despite knowing some of his audience would like to rejoin the customs union and single market, Labour would not put it back on the table if they won the next general election. He said: "So let me be very clear. Under Labour, Britain will not go back into the EU. We will not be joining the single market. We will not be joining a customs union." He continued: "Nothing about revisiting those rows will help stimulate growth or bring down food prices or help British business thrive in the modern world. "It would simply be a recipe for more division. It would distract us from taking on the challenges facing people and it would ensure Britain remained stuck for another decade." DON'T MISSKeir Starmer slapped down by Rees-Mogg over 'half-cock' Brexit plan [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer told to offer another Brexit vote to 'win next election' [REPORT]Labour MPs will force Starmer to rejoin the EU [ANALYSIS] The Northern Ireland protocol has caused significant difficulty for the Conservative Government and the EU as negotiations between the two failed to reach an agreement, with the UK now unilaterally working to suspend parts of the Brexit agreement. Sir Keir promised the NI protocol would be the “starting point” of Labour’s plans for Brexit. He said: "We will be the honest broker our countries need. “We will get the protocol working and we will make it the springboard to securing a better deal for the British people.” He also pledged to "eliminate most border checks created by the Tory Brexit deal" with a new veterinary agreement for agricultural products, and put in place "a better scheme to allow low-risk goods to enter Northern Ireland without unnecessary checks". Sir Keir has promised Labour will invest in Britain, encourage growth across all sectors and create new opportunities. He said Labour would create "mutual recognition of professional qualifications" and restore access to funding and research programmes, new security arrangements to defend the nation's borders, and the delivery of "good, clean jobs of the future to our shores". Sir Keir said the Tory Government had created a “fatberg of red tape, a bureaucracy” with their Brexit deal which is “hampering the flow of British business”. Under Labour, he claimed to “break that barrier down, unclog the arteries of our economy and allow trade to flourish once more.”