Starz’s acclaimed drama series P-Valley has become a new favourite among fans after it returned for season two in June. Following a tense episode, Keyshawn Harris star Shannon Thornton penned a sweet tribute to her character.  After P-Valley landed on screen in 2020, the show received a ton of critical acclaim, which led fans to quickly understand why season two was confirmed just two weeks after the pilot. The series, which was the onscreen adaptation of Katori Hall’s play ‘P***y Valley’, followed the personal and professional lives of people who worked at the strip club The Pynk. It also focused on the club’s owners Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) and Autumn Night (Elarica Johnson) and their efforts after it looked like The Pynk would be closing for good. When P-Vally returned for season two, everyone’s lives had seen a huge change including Keyshawn’s (Shannon Thornton) following the shocking season finale. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret  As one of the club’s most notorious dancers, Keyshawn was also known to her clients and colleagues as Miss Mississippi. However, after the pandemic forced her to stay at home, her frightening boyfriend Derrick (Jordan M Cox) had become more controlling and easily angered. As a result, Keyshawn experienced more violence as he became more controlling. However, after talking to him about their future she was able to devise her escape.  She had convinced Derrick to let her go on a multi-city tour with rapper Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) where she would money as a dancer. The most recent episode titled ‘White Knights’ provided fans with an in-depth look into Keyshawn’s backstory with a flashback into her past. It explored her history of abuse which seemingly started at the hands of her stepmother, before revealing Derrick began to physically abuse her when she got pregnant. As she returned home after the tour was temporarily postponed, viewers learned Derrick would also abuse their children whenever she was away.  DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [INSIGHT]P-Valley: Why did Woddy kill Rome? [INSIGHT]P-Valley season 2: Lil Murda star ‘wasn’t surprised’ by Covid plot [INSIGHT] After the harrowing episode, Keyshawn star Shannon Thornton took to Instagram to pay tribute to her character. Alongside a series of videos of the dancer taken from the show, the actress captioned it: “Episode 205. It’s been a joy playing Keyshawn.” “This girl holds a special place in my heart, thanks for checking us out, ” she added. Fans also swarmed the comment section with praise and support for Thornton’s portrayal. @msbumbleb80 wrote: “Best episode so far and if Mississippi doesn’t protect those kids by any means necessary I’m going to jump through the screen.”  