Stranger Things writers, the Duffer Brothers, have broken their silence on a theory that’s been sparking fans’ curiosity across the internet. Claims a scene in season one had been re-edited was strongly denied by the pair, despite protests from viewers. Fans of Stranger Things think they’ve spotted some fishy behaviour when it comes to the very first season of the sci-fi Netflix horror. Claims of re-editing and re-cutting scenes have been circulating for some time and show bosses have finally weighed in with some answers. Denying any re-jigging of show material, the Duffer Brothers swore nothing had ever been tampered with from the original episode roll-out. Viewers provided their evidence that may suggest otherwise. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne The season in question is the very first instalment and fans have nailed the inconsistency down to the second. Episode two of that very first season sparked confusion as something just didn’t add up. Addressing the Peeping Tom in the room, the scene involved in the conspiracy shows Jonathan (played by Charlie Heaton) spying on Nancy (Natalia Dyer) at her friends’ pool party. The original scene is noted to have featured Jonathan raising his camera to take pictures of Nancy in just a bra. On Netflix, the episode there appears to show him lowering his camera and instead capturing Barb’s last moments before being abducted by the Demogorgon. However, the following episode still includes a picture of Nancy partially clothed. Speaking with Variety, it seems the Duffers have admitted to altering shots after the episodes have aired in the past. They insinuated this practice by revealing they have “George Lucas’d” scenes from Stranger Things before. DON'T MISS...David Harbour admits he had doubts over Stranger Things [INSIGHT]Stranger Things star admits he was 'apprehensive' about Vecna reveal [INSIGHT]Stranger Things theory: Could Running Up That Hill save Max again? [THEORY]   Despite this, the official account for the Stranger Things writers’ room tweeted contrary information. They insisted that: “No scenes from previous seasons have ever been cut or re-edited. And they never will be.” In another tweet, the same cohort reassured fans this included the season one scene accused of being tampered with. First spotted on the social media site Tik Tok, the potential re-editing rumour was started there and took off exponentially. Pointing out this seemingly strange inconsistency generated many users commenting on things playing out differently to how they remembered it when they went back to re-watch the show. The theory behind a supposed re-edit of the material was a PR mission to enhance Jonathan’s image. Currently considered one of the show’s true heroes, the older scene tarnished the overall perception and fans believe it to be the reason the brothers would resort to making changes. Watch Stranger Things seasons 1-4 on Netflix now.