Prince William and Prince Harry have not been seen together since July 1, 2021 when they reunited to unveil their mother’s statue at Kensington Palace. Today would have been Princess Diana’s 61st birthday, but there have not been any new pictures of the brothers side by side. Judi James broke down the body language timeline of William and Harry that led to the brothers “acting like strangers”.  She claimed: “When we look at the body language timeline of brothers William and Harry we can see the glaring evolution from complimentary brothers, in what appears to be an almost exclusive, tightly bonded relationship to men acting like strangers, with their animosity barely hidden by any mask of civility as they bump up against each other in public like land mines primed to explode. “As young boys, their body language suggested dissimilar personality traits that formed a complimentary ‘fit’ when they were together. “With their mother very much the third party when it came to fun and spontaneously emotional, loving responses, William tended to adopt a slightly more adult and conscientious approach while Harry, like his mother, was all about naughtiness and pranks,” the expert opined. What were the signs that their relationship was close in their younger years? Judi suggested: “As Harry’s wingman, William provided an almost paternal presence alongside the infamous banter and competitive traits they shared. “As William’s wingman, Harry was the man to lighten the load for the brother born into a sense of destiny, duty and responsibility. “William had the status while Harry had more freedom and the potential for more irresponsible fun. “When Kate came on the scene the balance and the complementary characteristics remained and even possibly strengthened. “Kate and Harry’s body language together always suggested a sense of being partners in crime. “With Kate, William became what must have been an even stronger parental presence in Harry’s life and a stable base when he was fighting wars or globe-trotting.” What made their relationship more “vulnerable”? The expert claimed: “All sibling relationships based on status dominance and parental influence can be vulnerable though, especially when the younger sibling wants to be treated like a high-status adult themselves. READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meeting “If William did take on a role that maybe Charles should have done in Harry’s life the friction could have been inevitable. “It was clear at the launch of the ‘Fab Four’ that Harry and Meghan saw themselves as every bit as experienced and influential as William and Kate. “Meghan’s eloquence and determination when she spoke brought a new energy and some new skills where people might have been expecting timidity and a lack of confidence.” Judi notes that the body language between William and Harry became “toe-curlingly awkward”.