Petrol and diesel prices have massively affected drivers around the UK in recent months with weeks of near-consistent price rises. The latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows unleaded to an average price of 190.65p per litre, with diesel slowly falling to 198.42p per litre. Hypermiling and other fuel-saving techniques have all gained popularity amongst motorists looking to make their fuel last longer. One little-known fuel-saving tip can be done by replacing the car’s air filter, and it can have large benefits. Will Bullen, of Car Lease Special Offers, called on drivers to make sure their filters are clean, and if necessary, replace them. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "Dirty air filters cause your engine to work harder than it has to, which means more fuel is used. READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows “You should follow the manufacturer’s guidelines to change these as needed to help boost your fuel economy.” If the air filter is dirty, it passes less air into the engine and can impact fuel mileage by as much as 10 percent. It will also affect engine performance as the engine needs oxygen for fuel to combust. The less airflow the engine receives, the greater the impact on the power, acceleration and torque. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of rip-off parking prices at seaside destinations [WARNING]‘Incredibly dangerous’ fuel-saving tips drivers should avoid [DANGER]Almost half of local authorities unprepared for electric car switch [SHOCKING] In addition, failing to change the air filter can lead to other problems, including engine choking or even overheating. Generally, drivers should expect to change their air filter every 12,000 to 15,000 miles. This does, however, depend on driving conditions and how often a person drives. When looking at the air filter, drivers should always replace a dirty air filter, not clean it. Using a quality filter will not only improve the fuel economy but will also improve the performance of the vehicle. Changing a clogged filter can increase acceleration by between six and 11 percent in modern fuel-injected cars. Once a new air filter has been fitted, drivers can often see an immediate improvement. The more debris that is prevented from entering the engine, the further the vehicle’s lifespan will be extended. Earlier this month, The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said there was a real “cause for concern” in some parts of the industry. It also discovered a sharp rise in prices once fuel had been processed by oil refineries. Many drivers have called on the Government to reduce fuel duty to help drivers through the cost of living crisis. Penny Mordaunt, Trade Minister and Conservative leadership candidate, has vowed to slash fuel duty by 50 percent. She said she would do it to help “those struggling to get to work”.