Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Nicola Simister asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Air fryer tips please, I clean it every time I use, yet it has a grease scum over it. “I do scrub and scrub it with Fairy and bleach, but doesn’t shift, any recommendations would be great.” Nicole’s post was inundated with almost 100 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most suggested response was to switch the air fryer on with washing up liquid and water inside the basket. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Stephanie Gregory said: “I put water and washing up liquid in the air fryer turn it on for three minutes then just wipe it out with kitchen roll.” Cali Jade replied: “A drop of washing detergent boiling water and turn it on for a little while.” Georgie Stain commented: “I do this. Bit of washing up liquid in the bottom, swirl it in some boiling water. “Turn the air fryer on for five minutes then rinse off after! Works a treat.” Yvonne Drysdale wrote: “Fill half full with hot water and Fairy liquid, turn on for three minutes and it will clean itself.” Wilko Mickey commented: “Literally hot water and washing up liquid and turn it on.” Check your air fryer manufacturer’s cleaning instructions before using this method. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares the job to do ‘immediately’ if you spot blight [INSIGHT]How often to water hydrangeas - why healthy growth means watering LESS [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer couple boost property value by £68,500 [ANALYSIS] Washing up liquid can be found in most homes, but if you don’t have any it is relatively affordable to purchase. ASDA Smart Price Washing Up Liquid is just 34p. Sainsbury's Greencare Washing Up Liquid White Grapefruit & Yuzu costs £1. Tesco Original Wash Up Liquid costs just 44p. Ocado Original Washing Up Liquid is 70p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using liners, lemons, soda crystals, Elbow Grease and dishwasher tablets. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Laura Stewart wrote: “Liners. Mine comes up clean if washed straight away.” Joanne Jury commented: “I’ve seen someone do it with hot water and lemons. “Just leave to soak. The lemon juice will allow the grease to wipe off.” Mandy Bennett replied: “Bleach won't help you with grease, please ditch it. “Soda crystals would definitely be worth a crack. Make up a strong solution with hot hot water and wipe all over with a rough cloth. Good luck.”  Beckie Fowler suggested: “I wouldn’t use bleach as it has a special coating in it. “Let it soak in a dishwasher tablet overnight and will rinse off in the morning.” Lisa Hadfield said: “Cut a lemon in half dip it in baking soda and rub over it.” Janet Coogan replied: “I use Elbow Grease works every time just spray with it and leave for five minutes then wash in soapy water.”