Daniel Ricciardo's F1 future has been plunged into further doubt, despite the Aussie star vehemently denying speculation over a potential McLaren exit on Wednesday. The British team has further intensified uncertainty over Ricciardo's position with their latest signing. McLaren have signed IndyCar champion Alex Palou, who will represent Arrow McLaren in the IndyCar series. Palou is the second IndyCar champion McLaren have recruited in recent months after Alexander Rossi's arrival, and he will also test drive with the F1 team from 2023, joining Colton Herta and Pato O'Ward. Ricciardo's struggles since joining from Renault for the 2021 season have heightened uncertainty over his future, particularly in 2022 so far. His current contract expires at the end of 2023, but McLaren have somewhat indicated their discontent by suggesting there are clauses to terminate the deal earlier. Ricciardo has picked up just 17 points from the opening 11 races of the year and is currently 12th in the Drivers' Championship. Teammate Lando Norris is also comfortably McLaren's number one driver, now sitting seventh in the standings, 47 points ahead of the 33-year-old. JUST IN: Ricciardo speaks out on McLaren exit rumours - 'Hear it from me'  Ricciardo has taken to social media to address the increasing speculation surrounding his future at McLaren. He wrote: "There have been a lot of rumours around my future in Formula 1, but I want you to hear it from me. I am committed to McLaren until the end of next year and am not walking away from the sport. "Appreciate it hasn't always been easy, but who wants it easy! I'm working my a** off with the team to make improvements and get the car right and back to the front where it belongs. I still want this more than ever. See you in Le Castellet. Daniel." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's F1 dream in doubt as as DHL play down 'speculation'  Next up is the French Grand Prix on July 24 as McLaren continue to battle Alpine for the title of 'best of the rest' in the midfield. Norris and Ricciardo are fending off Fernando Alonso and Esteban Ocon, with both teams level on 81 points heading into the showdown at the Circuit Paul Ricard later this month. Ricciardo, an eight-time F1 race winner, will be the least happy with his performance since joining McLaren but sounds determined to turn his fortunes around after a tricky start to the campaign. Those at McLaren's patience could be wearing thin, though, and the continued arrival of new faces bears a warning.