Police have said that the 23-year-old man, believed to be in the front passenger seat of the Range Rover, was pronounced dead at the scene. They are currently appealing for witnesses. The driver of the Range Rover is in hospital being treated for serious but non-critical injuries, while a second passenger suffered minor injuries in the crash. Greater Manchester Police say specialist officers have been deployed to support the family of the man who has died. A spokesman for the force added: "The road remained closed during the early hours and remains closed. "Our Serious Collision Investigation Unit (SCIU) are now appealing for anyone who may have seen the two cars driving in the Gorton area to get in touch to help their investigation. "Officers are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have footage, including dashcam, mobile phone, CCTV or doorbell footage from the area in the moments before the collision took place."  Sergeant Andrew Page, of the SCIU, said: "My thoughts are with all those affected by this devastating incident – particularly the family of the man who sadly lost his life, and we are doing all we can to support them at this awful time. "We're working to piece together the circumstances behind this incident and will be conducting a full and thorough investigation to ensure that no stone is left unturned to establish exactly what has happened here. "While we have one woman in custody, we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen or heard anything in the area in the early hours – or who may have footage from around that time that could end up being crucial to this investigation." It is understood the incident occurred after 3am this morning (Tuesday). The A57 Hyde Road in Gorton is shut in both directions between Chapman Street and Reddish Lane. Transport for Greater Manchester has urged travellers to use alternative routes. The road is expected to be closed for some time. An eyewitness who saw of the aftermath of the crash told the Manchester Evening News there was a large emergency service presence on the scene, with several police cars, a fire engine and a fire service vehicle also on site. They said: "It looked like Range Rover went into the 5G mast at the side of the road. "I've never seen anything like it. I hope everyone's ok".  Anyone with information is encouraged to contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident 367 of 12/07/22. Alternatively, details can be passed via their LiveChat function at www.gmp.police.uk or via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.