But new research shows female entrepreneurs who play team sports are twice as likely to report their company has grown during the past two years. The study, for Women's Euro 2022 sponsor Visa, found almost 73 per cent felt that taking part in sports like football has had a positive impact on their business. Half said it helped them deal with stress, tiredness or being overworked, while one in three gained confidence which they brought to their businesses. They felt the most transferable skills were stress management and mental resilience, both named by 34 percent, and decision making, chosen by 33 percent. Women playing team sports are more likely to run bigger businesses, with those surveyed being three times more likely to have more than 10 employees and report a turnover in excess of £2million a year. Former England footballer Karen Carney, a winger capped 144 times, has been working with Visa on The Second Half, a programme helping female footballers plan careers after they retire. She went to Manchester last week to meet an ex-county champion netball player now running an ice cream business. Alanna Atkinson, who founded A Few Scoops after the pandemic and has a young daughter Adeline (pictured), feels playing a team sport inspired her to become an entrepreneur. COMMENT BY KAREN CARNEY MBE Seeing nearly 70,000 people packed into Old Trafford on Wednesday, a record attendance for a UEFA Women’s Euro match, was a brilliant moment in the evolution of our sport. While we are gaining rightful recognition and the imagination of the public, we can’t ignore that we need to offer support off the pitch, as I am aware playing football is a short career. While progress is being made, we do have a duty to carve the way for future generations and help level the playing field so that more girls see a career in sport as a viable choice. All players at some point will have to retire from the sport so being as prepared as possible is really important to ensure that when you move into your next career it is a smooth transition. That’s why I’m proud to team up with Visa for the UEFA Women’s Euro 2022 and have worked with it to set up The Second Half, an initiative that helps women footballers prepare for life after professional football. Ultimately this is about swapping relatable life lessons and transferable skills between sport and the world of work, so women and girls can feel empowered to reach their full potential, whether it’s on or off the pitch.