Charlene, Princess of Monaco, 44, stepped out with her husband Prince Albert II, 64, at the 73rd Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala on Monday evening. The Princess stunned in a Prada gown that was ice blue with floral detailing. Charlene paired the floor-length, sleeveless dress with a Judith Leiber crystal-embellished slide lock clutch bag in metallic.  Unfortunately, this product is no longer in stock. The description on the website says: “Judith Leiber’s Slide-Lock clutch bag is a classic silhouette to see you through a calendar of invite-only events. “Relinquishing the label’s typically quirky designs in favour of a boxy style, all-over crystals make the sparkling accessory glimmer under evening lights, while a traditional clasp and delicate detachable chain strap allow for versatile styling.” For footwear, Charlene wore a pair of Versace silver metallic leather platform sandals.  These shoes are a repeat wear for the Princess and are silver-tone leather Versace platform sandals with tonal stitching, covered heels and buckle closures. Unfortunately, these shoes are also out of stock. For accessories, Charlene wore a new Van Cleef and Arpels butterfly necklace. Sticking with the same brand, the Princess opted for a Van Cleef and Arpels flying butterfly bracelet.   This bracelet costs $125,000, or roughly £104,000 in British Sterling. Royal fans took to social media to praise Charlene’s style. Instagram user @ellainthecityboston wrote on Instagram: “Bravo Charlene! “Gorgeous gown and so nice to see her wearing Prada.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene makes ‘small statement’ to ‘look less fragile’ “Plus her jewellery is fantastic!” Similarly, @birdnerd327 said: “Lovely from head to toe!” Royal watcher @goosegirlenfys commented: “The perfect jewellery to go with the dress. “It’s whimsical but not childish.  “The icy platinum hair, the shoes and bag, it’s all great!” Instagram account @rmsgreeneyedlady added: “Gorgeous, I love the butterfly jewellery.” One fan, @vrougreen, compared her to a Disney character from Frozen, saying: “She looks like a grown up Queen Elsa! “Icy, but a warm and happy icy.” 