David Tennant, who played the doctor from 2005 to 2010, shared his condolences on Twitter, saying: "Sad news that Bernard Cribbins has passed away." It comes after Cribbins’ agent, Gavin Barker Associates, said in a statement: “Beloved actor Bernard Cribbins OBE has passed away at the age of 93.  David, who played the doctor from 2005 to 2010, shared his condolences on Twitter, saying: "Sad news that Bernard Cribbins has passed away." It comes after Cribbins’ agent, Gavin Barker Associates, said in a statement: “Beloved actor Bernard Cribbins OBE has passed away at the age of 93. “His career spanned seven decades with such diverse work ranging from films like, ‘The Railway Children’ and the ‘Carry On’ series, hit 60’s song ‘Right Said Fred’, a notorious guest on ‘Fawlty Towers’ and narrating ‘The Wombles’. “He worked well into his 90’s, recently appearing in ‘Doctor Who’ and the CBeebies series ‘Old Jack’s Boat’.” READ MORE: Frank Bruno blasts 'out of order' Sunak and Truss over mental health The actor also sadly lost his wife of 66 years, Gill, last year. His agent continued: “Bernard’s contribution to British entertainment is without question. “He was unique, typifying the best of his generation, and will be greatly missed by all who had the pleasure of knowing and working with him.” Show creator Russell T.Davies also paid tribute to the star, saying: "A legend has left the world", referring to Bernard on Instagram as "an old soldier". He wrote: "He knew everyone! He'd talk about the Beatles and David Niven, and how he once sat on the stairs at a party impersonating bird calls with TH White. “Then he'd add, 'I said to Ashley Banjo last week...' He loved being in Doctor Who. He said, 'Children are calling me grandad in the street!' "His first day was on location with Kylie Minogue, but all eyes, even Kylie's, were on Bernard. "He'd turned up with a suitcase full of props, just in case, including a rubber chicken. And what an actor. Oh, really though, what a wonderful actor." DONT MISS:Queen's invite to Meghan and Harry should 'extend to Netflix' (PHOTOS)Tom Jones, 82, sits during UK gig as singer seen using walking stick (NEWS)Martin Roberts 'worried for his life' as he talks 'trap set by wife' (LATEST) He recalled: "We once took him to the TV Choice Awards and sent him up on his own to collect the award, and the entire room stood up and cheered him. “That's a lovely memory.” Next to a picture of the veteran actor with his face poking through the hole of a fake brick wall, Davies wrote "Bernard Cribbins (1928-2022) I love this man. I love him. “That's him as Snout in A Midsummer Night's Dream. ‘D’you fancy doing some Shakespeare, Bernard?’, ’Let me see the script.' "He'd phone up and say 'I've got an idea! What if I attack a Dalek with a paintball gun?!' Okay, Bernard, in it went! "He loved Gill with all his heart; he mentioned her in every conversation we ever had. A love story for the ages. "I'm so lucky to have known him. Thanks for everything, my old soldier. A legend has left the world," he ended. BBC entertainment correspondent Lizo Mzimba also shared his sorrow, saying: "Bernard Cribbins has died at the age of 93. From the Wombles to Wilf in Doctor Who he entertained generation after generation. A genuine national treasure #RIPBernardCribbins."