New research by bedding experts Bed Kingdom revealed Kate Middleton's sleep and exercise routine. According to Bed Kingdom, following Kate Middleton’s sleep habits is key to getting the royal's look and slim body. A good night's sleep boosts energy levels and ensures great skin in the morning, as well as helping with digestion and weight loss. The Duchess of Cambridge’s tip for a great night’s sleep is "not to eat too close to bedtime", according to the experts. "Around 6pm to 7pm is an ideal dinner time, depending on when your bedtime is," they explained. READ MORE: Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!'  This is because the "stomach working to digest food can keep you awake just as you’re trying to drift off". Kate is also known to be a keen runner, just like her sister Pippa Middleton, and it is reported she likes to go jogging around Norfolk, where the Cambridges have another residence. Zara Tindall's husband, Mike Tindall, said during an appearance on House of Rugby that the Duchess of Cambridge would be the royal he'd include in his dream rugby team as she loves running. He explained: "I've got the Duchess of Cambridge on one wing because she loves running. She can run all day. Engine!"  Netdoctor explained some of the main benefits of running are weight loss as "it burns calories even after the workout has ended", relieves stress, helps you live longer and "is one of the most wallet-friendly workouts" as it is free. The Duchess of Cambridge is also a big fan of CrossFit, "a form of high-intensity interval training that exerts enough energy during the day to create a great night’s sleep," the experts at Bed Kingdom claimed. CrossFit can burn up to 15 calories per minute. It is believed Kate includes cardio and weight training in her weekly fitness routine and she reportedly does this without the help of a personal trainer. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'incredibly flattering' fashion trick The workouts include squats, push-ups and weight lifting to help build endurance and muscles. For her weight training, the Duchess of Cambridge reportedly goes to the Harbour Club in Chelsea, a £355 per month gym. However, the Royal Family have their own gyms and the Cambridges' fitness space is located in Kensington Palace. Kate is known to love tennis and has been pictured several times playing tennis at the Hurlingham Club in Fulham, in London, with an instructor. The annual membership costs £960, along with a £2,880 joining fee. Kate is also believed to be a fan of yoga. The Duchess reportedly practised prenatal yoga before the birth of Prince George in 2013. Yoga is great for "strength, balance and flexibility" but also "supports weight loss," Hopkinsmedicine explained.