Red Dwarf's Craig Charles would like to see the cast come back together for one last adventure into space. He exclusively told Express.co.uk the old crew are ready and waiting for the green light. Craig Charles has denounced any chance of a soaps return but there is one show he swears he will never turn his back on. Joining the cast of sci-fi comedy before his Corrie career began in 1988, the new game show host credits Red Dwarf for giving him his start. After 12 series the show came to an end, but Craig said he would love for it to make a return before it's too late. Teasing a long-awaited return, the actor revealed the original cast would all be on board to make a comeback at the hint of a green light. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot He told Express.co.uk: "We’d like to do more while we still can, I mean have you seen the state of the others? I'm the only one with my own hair. "Everyone’s still there, I'm still in contact with them. "I hope there’s at least one last special in us. It’s all about time." Craig went on to express his gratitude to the show for giving him his break, swearing he would never turn producers down. He said: "Red dwarf is the bedrock of my career, I’d never turn my back on it." Taking on the role of Dave Lister, Craig brought to life the third technician of the Jupiter Mining Corporation spaceship, Red Dwarf. In the pilot episode, viewers watch as he wakes up from three million years in limbo only to find out he is the last human alive. However, he soon discovers he is not the only one stranded in space and the show follows the technician as he navigates this new world with friends made along the way. DON'T MISS...‘Smoke everywhere’ Craig Charles says his family were ‘saved’ by alarm [INSIGHT]Craig Charles health: TV star addresses painful past [INSIGHT]Craig Charles health: Actor burst out laughing during heart attack [INSIGHT] Speaking of the shooting schedule, Craig remembers they were never an easy ask but that won't stop him going for one more. He reminisces: "I have one more trip into space, there’s a space bum still in me." The comedy did return to screens for a 13th special episode in 2018, bringing in record-breaking ratings for Dave. Reuniting for 90 minutes, the original cast delighted viewers with a two part extravaganza and at the time, hinted there would be more. Yet to see if this will be the case, Craig blames the inactivity on timing and busy schedules. Currently filming a second series of Channel 4 gameshow, Moneybags, the actor is booked up but remains adamant he would make time for another go at Red Dwarf. Moneybags will see the newly converted game show host bring his own flare to daytime TV once again as he guides contestants through to the £1million prize fund. Watch episodes of Red Dwarf on Amazon Prime.