The blaze started at the Chicken n Rice restaurant on 33 Longbridge Road, near the underground station. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) said crews from Barking, Ilford, East Ham, Plaistow and surrounding stations are at the scene as part of a flat on the building's first floor and part of the restaurant on the ground floor are "alight". It added: "10 fire engines and around 70 firefighters have been called to reports of a fire in Longbridge Road, Barking. "Longbridge Road is currently closed from Fanshaw Roundabout to Salisbury Avenue. " Station Commander Steven Vydelingum, who is at the site, said: "Crews are working hard to bring this fire under control. "Due to the road closure in place there is congestion in the area and motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible." The LFB was called at 7.24pm. The cause of the fire is not clear at this time. READ MORE: BBQ ban – 'Urgent' calls for new rules in extreme heat as Britain burns on hottest day EVER Big crowds gathered in the area as emergency services controlled the blaze, social media users reported. One said: "Incredible courage and bravery from LFB crew near Barking station just now. Controlling crowd, dealing with the fire and maintaining total calm around." The incident happened less than 24 hours after an intense day of fires in London, as the capital and several other areas across the country struggled with the heatwave. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Speaking to Sky News, he added that 41 properties were destroyed across the city. The mayor told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Yesterday was the busiest day for the fire service in London since the Second World War. Tuesday saw a record temperature of 40.3C (104.5F) in Coningsby, Lincolnshire. Meanwhile, 40.2C were recorded at Heathrow – 1.5C higher than the previous record of 38.7C in 2019 in Cambridge. In Wennington, east London, 100 firefighters tackled a blaze which according to the LFB destroyed two rows of terraced houses, four other homes, 12 stables and five cars. Footage showed fields and buildings engulfed in black smoke, and one firefighter at the scene described the incident as "absolute hell".  But fire services battled hundreds of blazes across the UK — about 20 other properties were lost elsewhere in England — with people advised against having barbecues in parks and private gardens and on patios and balconies. A major incident was also declared in South Yorkshire after firefighters were called to deal with a number of blazes spreading to houses. The most serious was in Barnsley, when a row of houses in the Moorland Avenue area was consumed by flames.