American actor James Caan has died aged 82. The news of the award-winning actor's death was confirmed in a statement made by his family on social media today. The sad news was confirmed on his official twitter account in view of his 116,000 followers. The statement read: "It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. "The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time," it ended. Following the sad news, fans of the Hollywood star started to pen tributes in the comments. READ MORE: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby Referencing Caan's role in The Godfather, @SlyCozzolino wrote: "While he will always be remembered as Sonny, he was also fantastic as Paul Sheldon in Misery. He will be missed." Actor Rob Reiner wrote: "So sorry to hear the news. I loved working with him. And the only Jew I knew who could calf rope with the best of them. Love to the family." Twitter user @PapaleoKathleen commented: "A great American actor. Do sorry for the loss of this great man. May he rest in peace." "So sad to hear this. His portrayal of Sonny Corleone was truly spectacular," added @TomosJones1608.  The Hollywood actor had a decades long career spanning both film and TV which saw him nominated multiple times for awards. Caan was born in the Bronx, New York, the son of Jewish immigrants from Germany. While studying at Hofstra University he became interested in acting and went on to study at the Neighbourhood Playhouse School of Theatre for five years. He made his debut on Broadway in Blood, Sweat and Stanley Poole but it was The Rain People which launched his career.  DON'T MISS...Cliff Richard, 81, sparks frenzy in outlandish outfit at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Michael Caine, 89, supported by assistant while using walking frame [UPDATE]Alicia Silverstone brands Natalie Portman's Clueless outfit 'stunning' [ANALYSIS] In 1972, Caan was cast in his most notable role as Sonny Corleone in The Godfather, alongside other Hollywood greats including Robert de Niro and Al Pacino. His next film Funny Lady turned out to be a big hit which saw him take on the role of Billy Rose opposite Barbra Streisand's Fanny Brice. Caan went on to star in two big action films including 1975 film Rollerball and The Killer Elite. In 1981, he starred in French film Les Uns et les Autres but took time away from acting after battling depression following the death of his sister. The star made his acting comeback in Stephen King's 1990 film Misery. He also appeared in For The Boys opposite Bette Midler and Mickey Blue Eyes with Hugh Grant. He went on to star in children's Christmas film Elf as well as 2014 film The Outsider. Caan was set to star in Megalopolis, marking his fifth collaboration with Francis Ford Coppola.