After Boris Johnson announced he would be resigning as Prime Minister, five Conservative candidates remain in the race to replace him. Liz Truss, Penny Mordaunt, Rishi Sunak, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat all have expressed public support for pushing through the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill in the House of Commons. However, Mr Sunak has previously “pushed back” on the Bill privately, and has won the support of Simon Hoare MP, who warned Foreign Secretary Ms Truss, against “impugning the patriotism” of those who criticised the Government-planned law. The Northern Ireland Protocol, agreed by Mr Johnson and Lord David Frost with the EU in 2020, sees customs checks for goods carried out between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK, avoiding a land border in Ireland but causing outrage amongst unionists. Earlier in 2022, the foreign secretary announced legislation overriding parts of the Brexit agreement, prompting threats from the EU. Mr Hoare, who backs the former Chancellor to become Prime Minister, said Ms Truss’s Bill on the Protocol was “a failure of statecraft and it puts at risk the reputation of the United Kingdom”. He added: “The arguments supporting it are flimsy at best, and irrational at worst.” Ms Truss insisted the Bill has a “strong legal justification” and the UK remains committed to seeking a negotiated solution. Jamie Bryson, unionist and editor of Unionist Voice, told Express.co.uk any Tory that takes over from Mr Johnson must back the “constitutional integrity of the UK”. Mr Bryson then noted the former Chancellor’s support from Mr Hoare, chairman of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee, and said it will “worry all unionists”. He added: “Whichever candidate prevails, it is imperative not only for the constitutional integrity of the UK, but also for peace and stability in Northern Ireland, that they make the complete removal of the Union-subjugating Protocol their priority. “Rishi Sunak has secured the support of Simon Hoare MP, which will worry all unionists. “Mr Hoare has shown himself to be a surrogate for the EU and Irish Government, constantly parroting their propaganda and siding with them against his own country. “I suppose most unionists will hope to see Liz Truss winning the race, primarily because of her role in the Protocol Bill and seeming desire to have the fight which is required with the EU. “Sunak is an appeaser, and the fact Simon Hoare and others is backing him means he is effectively the EU and Irish Government’s choice for PM. “That’s precisely why all those who value the Union must rally behind a candidate who is strong on the constitutional position of the UK.” It comes after Alliance Party MP Stephen Farry said Mr Sunak is the “least worst” option of all the Tory leadership candidates due to his approach to the Northern Ireland Protocol. When asked if he had a preference for who ultimately succeeds in becoming the new Prime Minister, Mr Farry said he wouldn’t support any of the candidates but said the former Chancellor has previously “pushed back” on the Bill. He told BBC’s Good Morning Ulster programme: “I would like to see an entirely new government put in place. I wouldn’t support any of the candidates. “The least worst of the eight, in terms of their approach, is probably Rishi Sunak as I understand he has pushed back a few times privately in relation to some of the antics of the government over the protocol. “But even he has played a few games over the protocol in recent months. Often people who maybe run as the more extreme candidate will moderate over time.” Lord David Frost, former Chief Negotiator of Task Force Europe, has urged Ms Badenoch to withdraw from the Tory leadership race and back Ms Truss. Thursday’s second round of voting left Mr Sunak in the lead with 101 votes, Ms Mordaunt in second on 83, Ms Truss in third on 64, Mrs Badenoch fourth with 49 votes, and Mr Tugendhat last at 32. Writing for The Telegraph, Lord Frost said: “Liz’s depth of experience, her energy and ideas – as well as the simple fact she has the most votes of the three – put her in the lead. “Free marketeers’ strength is that they have principles and convictions. Rightly so. But that can also create unnecessary dissension. It is now time for pragmatism. I urge Kemi to stand down in return for a serious job in a Truss administration.” Mr Hoare said in response on Twitter: “I don’t wish to be rude BUT who the hell is an unelected, failed Minister to tell any MP what to do? “For some unknown reason David Frost perpetually thinks we give a flying f*** what he thinks. We don’t and we won’t.”