Manchester United won’t enable fans to buy their new home shirt with Mason Greenwood’s name and number on the back. The England international was arrested in January and hasn’t played for the club since their 1-0 win over West Ham. He remains suspended, too, and isn’t eligible for training or matches at the current moment in time. United have today launched their new home shirt for the 2022/23 season. The Red Devils have gone retro, with the jersey having a white collar in a throwback to the 1990s - when they dominated the Premier League under Sir Alex Ferguson. United fans are now able to buy the shirt with their favourite players’ names on the back, ranging from Cristiano Ronaldo to Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford to Jadon Sancho. But fans have been prevented from acquiring a kit with Greenwood’s name on it. The England international was arrested in January and hasn’t played for the club since while a legal investigation remains ongoing. His profile was temporarily removed from the club’s website. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But Greenwood’s profile is back up at the current moment in time showing he’s scored 35 goals from 129 appearances for the club so far. United want to sign a new striker this summer, regardless of what happens with their current frontline now the transfer window is open. Ronaldo wants to quit Old Trafford for a team playing in the Champions League, leading to links to the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich. And United are open to selling Anthony Martial for the right price, seven years after the France international touched down from Monaco. United fans are able to acquire a shirt donning the name of new boy Tyrell Malacia, however. Malacia has moved to the Red Devils from Feyenoord to become the first signing of the Erik ten Hag era, having previously looked destined to end up at Lyon instead. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen He will wear the No 12 shirt that has been worn by winners such as Chris Smalling and Phil Neville in previous years. And, speaking after his move was confirmed, the Netherlands international said: "It's an incredible feeling to have joined Manchester United. "This is a new chapter for me, a new league with new teammates and a tremendous manager [Ten Hag] leading us. “I know from playing against his teams in the Eredivisie, the qualities that he has and what he demands of his players." And he added: "Whilst I know that I am still young and will continue to develop, I can promise the United fans that I will leave everything on the pitch every time I pull on the red shirt. "I'll always be thankful to Feyenoord for all they have given to me and my family. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “None of this would be possible if it wasn't for them. “Now I'm ready to focus on the future with United, and help my new club achieve success." Meanwhile, speaking recently, Wes Brown challenged Ten Hag to achieve consistency during his first season in the dugout. “Consistency,” he said when asked what the 52-year-old should be aiming for. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency. “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? “For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. “From that, the results happen.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here