Stranger Things fans are eagerly awaiting updates about season five, which will air on Netflix in 2024. The final season will feature the ultimate battle between Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) and the gang. A theory suggests Vecna could use Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) as a vessel so he can go back to human form. The final episode of Stranger Things season four saw Hawkins fall at the hands of antagonist Vecna. The youngsters found themselves at their most vulnerable yet as their home town started to crumble around them. Vecna put up a good fight against Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and is still alive. He may have gone into hiding for the time being but his work is far from over as he wants to see Hawkins turn to dust once and for all. Will Byers felt goosebumps on the back of his neck when he realised Vecna was still alive. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans outraged as Max star Sadie Sink dealt major award He has been connected to Vecna since the series started and it seems the link is getting stronger. In order to make himself more powerful, Vecna may use Will's human form as a vessel to carry out his bidding. Fans have taken to Reddit suggesting the villain will use Will's body as a host. Lumiaglow said: "My own idea at the end of season four is that Vecna's consciousness has gotten a full hold of Will's body. "It also appears that Will and Vecna share many similarities, one of them is their mutual penchant for painting or drawing. "Since we are given a hint in season four that Will has become quite keen on painting and he doesn't show his creations to anyone (barring one that he showed to Mike), in my view, he's slowly evolving into Henry Creel and perhaps his paintings are also taking an ominous theme. "It's also remotely possible that he's sired by Henry/Vecna, maybe through an anonymous donation through a fertility clinic? "The inner angst of Will is somehow also reflective of his struggle between the forces of evil and good and in this whole season he's remained somewhat aloof." However, another fan suggested it will be another character's body Vecna will take over. Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) was left in a coma at the end of season four after she was almost killed by the villain. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things fans to 'boycott' season 5 after 'unfair' Eddie death [DISCUSSION] Stranger Things theory: Could Running Up That Hill save Max again? [THEORY] Stranger Things season 5 theory: Will Byers to destroy Upside Down [DISCUSSION] Northernguy7540 said: "I think that in season five Vecna will use Max's body as his new host. It'll be friend versus friend, Eleven forced to fight Max." Buddy-Buddy820 said: "I think this is very likely. Max’s coma & Will saying Vecna is alive, but hurt is tied together. "When he heals is probably when we see Max wake up. And I think it’ll be Will that is able to get inside Vecna’s-Max’s mind using his true sight, freeing Max." [Sic] If Vecna is to venture back into the real world after he has healed, he will need some form of armour. It would not be surprising if he used one of the more vulnerable members of the group as a host. Will is likely to be the star of the final season, as the journey all started with him. Final plot details have not been revealed but Will and Vecna are likely to be at the centre of the drama. Will actor Noah recently confirmed another theory about his character's sexuality. Many fans believed he had feelings for Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) and the star told Variety: "It was hinted at in Season one. "It was always kind of there, but you never really knew, is it just him growing up slower than his friends? Now that he’s gotten older, they made it a very real, obvious thing. "Now it’s 100 per cent clear he is gay and does love Mike."  Stranger Things season 5 will air on Netflix in 2024.