Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s biographer Omid Scobie said sources told him the Duke of Cambridge is “keen” for his work to have “an impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble” with efforts ramped up State side. It comes just a few years after his brother the Duke of Sussex made the sensational decision to quit the Firm and move to the US.  Writing for Yahoo, co-author of Finding Freedom, Mr Scobie said: “A steady stream of orchestrated appearances from George, Charlotte and Louis – and William and Kate’s efforts during the pandemic – has helped the Cambridges’ popularity rise. “And it seems Kensington Palace is now hoping they can do the same in the US. “It’s why William sat down with People magazine, still one of the country’s most read magazines, last summer for a rare interview. “’William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble’ a source tells me. “The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have stepped up since the start of the health crisis in 2020 as the Queen was forced to take a step back from public duties.  READ MORE: Prince William pays tribute to wildlife ranger who protected animals And royal experts say they begun to make their mark with a new strategy to help modernise the Royal Family in preparation for their future role. It is unclear whether Prince William would reach out to his younger brother Harry for tips following a breakdown of their relationship. There has been increasing reports of a rift between the Cambridges and the Sussexes since Harry and his wife Meghan stepped down from their senior positions in the Royal Family and relocated to North America.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [BLOG]Kate and Prince William blasted as ‘out of touch’ monarchists [INSIGHT]Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to final [INFO] Speculation of remaining tension was recently reinforced by Harry and Meghan’s return to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee visit that didn’t see the two couples reunite as expected. The Duke’s relationship with his brother is understood to have been especially strained, with William reportedly being “deeply saddened” by the Sussexes’ explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey.  Until the Jubilee, Harry and William had not seen each other since they unveiled a statue in tribute to their late mother Princess Diana. And although there were reports of virtual communication between the two brothers in the lead up to the celebratory weekend, it appeared that tensions were still brewing when the princes were reunited for the first time publicly at a service of thanksgiving for their beloved grandmother, the Queen.  Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, have taken on an increasingly leading role in recent years, cementing their position as the future King and Queen.