The Crown's finale is expected to include moments that rocked the Royal Family up until 2005, a move which will potentially leave an opportunity to feature the story of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex leaving the Palace. This decision by the show's creators and Netflix also allows more time to be dedicated to the adult years of Princes William and Harry, as opposed to the initial plan to cut the coverage short in 2002. A show insider has revealed The Crown season six will now end in 2005 after its initial plans to end after the passing of The Queen Mother and Princess Margaret. Showrunner Peter Morgan has been encouraged by Netflix bosses to take the Royal Family's story a step further. Season five is due to air this November, while season six was expected to be the final outing of the Windsors' story. The source told the Sun: "It's a small but significant shift because it’s seen as marking the start of an era which becomes more focussed on Princes William and Harry and their father." The timeline change will allow for yet more explosive events to be dramatised. READ MORE: Nelson Mandela's grandson laughs at Harry's UN speech 'Worlds apart' They continued: "The marriage of Charles and Camilla is treated like the end of one turbulent period in the Windsors’ story, and the start of a whole new one." However, the plan to cover more of the Palace's chronicles isn't purely for the sake of covering potentially controversial storylines. The introduction of the Duchess of Cambridge is intended to incorporate a new love story fans can enjoy. With season six extending its timespan, the early romance of Kate Middleton and Prince William can now be included. Their days in the prestigious St Andrew's University will now have more air time for fans of the immensely popular show. The insider added: "Having the Duchess of Cambridge starring is an easy win for The Crown, as the creators know it will get more people watching. "Particularly as it will show her relationship with William just as their romance starts to blossom when they were both students." The Crown's potentially explosive final season is expected to air in the winter of 2023. Peter Morgan is the chief writer and creator of the show, which first appeared on Netflix in 2016. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan under pressure over Netflix reality show [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [UPDATE]Helen Mirren ‘relieved’ by response from Queen [ARTICLE] Since then, some of the biggest names in acting have revisited the often turbulent lives of people in power. Olivia Colman starred as Queen Elizabeth II, Gillian Anderson as Margaret Thatcher and Helena Bonham Carter as Princess Margaret. The popularity of the show has increased each season, as the modern-day events get ever closer. Some members of the Royal Family have made their thoughts clear on their characters appearing in the show. Rupert Myers, the Royal editor of The Mirror, told Lorraine Kelly how Prince Harry was not keen to feature in the hit drama. TV presenter Lorraine asked: "There are rumours about Prince Harry not being at all happy to be featured in The Crown. Can he be written out of it, can they do it without him?" Rupert explained: "Apparently Harry has got a big deal with Netflix so he's been putting his foot down saying he doesn't want to be featured."