The 2017 film adaptation of the science-fiction film centres around an 85-year-old experiencing the first symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease, to which her daughter Tess (Davis) and her son-in-law Jon (Tim Robbins) try to bring her comfort from. To do this they hire a service called Prime, designed to assist Alzheimer's patients by creating holographic projections of deceased family members. Having experienced her own mother’s battle with Alzheimer’s, Davis was able to channel her own emotions into playing her character. Speaking about her personal connection to the disease, Davis shared: “I found it very moving. “I had a lot of things to work with and interesting things to tackle, and my mum had Alzheimer’s, so the aspect of losing your loved one in dribs and drabs really resonated with me.” The star then commented on the interesting topic of memory, and how the film delved into how memories are used. She continued to say: “I just found it fascinating. "The topic of memory – how we remember things and losing memories, and all that – I thought that was fascinating. And very emotional.  DON'T MISS: Lung cancer: The 'unexplained' symptom that needs an 'urgent referral' - new BMJ report  However, instead of living in fear of the condition, which tends to affect older people, Davis seems to be thriving in her older age. Back in 2020, the star shared that she feels she has grown wiser and more in touch with herself the older she has gotten. Now aged 66, at the time she said: “I honestly feel that every year has gotten better. I like how I look better every year. I feel better. “It’s been my motto that if a person can do it, I can do it,” she added.  “It’s kind of ambitious, but I really believe there are no limits on what we can do and learn no matter what age we are.” Alzheimer’s disease is the most common cause of dementia in the UK, as reported by the NHS. Although the exact cause of Alzheimer’s is not fully understood, it is thought that a number of different factors increase an individual's risk of developing the condition which is associated with ongoing decline in brain functioning. These factors include: Due to the progressive nature of the condition, it is important to get a diagnosis as soon as possible, before symptoms become more severe. In order to do this, individuals need to be able to recognise the signs and symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease.  The NHS notes that the first important sign is usually minor memory problems. This could be forgetting about recent conversations or events, and forgetting the names of places and objects. As the condition develops, memory problems become more severe and further symptoms can develop, such as: After receiving a diagnosis, individuals can use medication to help relieve some of the symptoms they may be experiencing. In addition, psychological treatments such as cognitive stimulation therapy may also be offered to help support memory, problem solving skills and language ability. Thelma and Louise is on BBC Four, at 9:00pm on Thursday, July 14. 