Lisandro Martinez missed Ajax training on Thursday as he gears up to reunite with Erik ten Hag at Manchester United this summer. United have agreed a £46million deal to sign the Argentine defender, with personal terms already agreed ahead of his Old Trafford switch. According to Mike Verweij, Martinez 'wasn't welcome' on the Ajax training field on Thursday and instead worked on his own programme in the gym. He was cautious about risking injury before completing his United medical and linking up with Ten Hag's squad on their pre-season tour in Australia. The report adds United figures will soon meet their Ajax counterparts for the last time to finalise paperwork. It's understood that if all goes well in the final negotiations and with his medical, Martinez will become available for selection as early as next weekend Down Under. Martinez will likely become United's second summer signing after the £15m capture of Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia. Christian Eriksen is expected to follow him through the arrivals suite in Australia after agreeing terms on a three-year contract, once he completes a medical of his own and joins on a free transfer. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'makes decision on £210m offer' as Man Utd change stance Martinez's arrival will be met with excitement among the United fans after he enjoyed a stellar season under Ten Hag in 2021/22, winning Ajax's Player of the Year award. The 24-year-old's versatility boosts his value further; he's capable of playing at left-back and in defensive midfield as well as his natural centre-back role. He is the left-sided centre-back United have been crying out for since Daley Blind's exit, and boasts the reading of the game and passing range to help Ten Hag cement his play style at the club. There are some concerns over his 5ft 9 height, but he possesses an immense leap and has impressed with his aerial duel success rate in the Netherlands. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer United's fourth summer target is the one most desired by Ten Hag - Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. And there's a sense that deal is growing closer to complete after the Red Devils formally agreed a total package worth £72m with Barca. The La Liga giants need to sell, but the deal has been held up by £17m worth of deferred salary payments owed to De Jong. There may have been a compromise in negotiations with United where they will contribute towards that, unlocking the Netherlands international's exit and sealing Ten Hag's dream addition. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt