The cost of living is rising and retailers are doing what they can to support consumers. Amazon's grocery component, Amazon Fresh, is keeping prices low for customers in this time of nationwide struggle. Amazon Fresh has now launched a price match scheme with Tesco's Clubcard prices. The Amazon Fresh official website reads: "We've matched and locked the price on hundreds of own-label and branded products with Tesco Clubcard. "We'll keep the price locked for at least four weeks and add new products every week. "Spend less. Smile more. READ MORE: Tesco named most popular supermarket in new data "Offer available for online orders only and not redeemable in Amazon Fresh stores." In the FAQ section, Amazon Fresh continued: "We're always looking for ways to bring you great value across our whole range, 365 days a year. "We're now making it easier for you to see where we're matching and locking prices available to Tesco Clubcard customers." The retailer explained: "Prices on Amazon Fresh will be the same price or cheaper than Tesco.com Clubcard Prices at the date of matching. "We check prices weekly during the four weeks following the matching to confirm that they are the same price or cheaper." To price match Tesco, Amazon explained that it will check Tesco's Clubcard prices from the previous seven days, starting from July 18, 2022. There are plenty of items priced matched and locked on the Amazon Fresh website. These range from fresh fruit and veg, to meat and seafood, to beer, wine and spirits. READ MORE: Take your tomatoes out of the fridge if you want them to stay fresh Some of Amazon Fresh's "top picks" of priced matched items include the Warburtons Soft Tiger Bloomer White 600g loaf for £1, the 637g pack of Birds Eye Chicken Dippers for £3.50, and Kellogg's Special K Original Breakfast Cereal 500g box for £2.50. The price match offers extend to cleaning products too, with Persil Colour 3-in-1 capsules and Andrex toilet roll also price matched, among others. As for meats and seafood, Amazon's 12 British Pork Chipolatas (375g), Amazon's Two British Lamb Leg Steaks (300g) and Mowi Piri Piri Slow Roast Salmon fillets (180g) are matched and locked. This is the same for dairy and desserts such as Lurpak Spreadable Slightly Salted Butter Blended with Rapeseed Oil (500g) and Philadelphia Light (165G), among numerous others. Russell Jones, director of Amazon Fresh, spoke to the PA news agency about the grocer's latest move. He said that the campaign aimed to show customers how good their value was in comparison to their grocer competitors. The Amazon boss added that value is what consumers care most about at the moment. He listed two of Amazon Fresh's "key priorities" as bettering the shopping experience for customers and giving them more value for their money.