Naughty Boy has opened up on a "really beautiful" moment he shared with his mum after her dementia diagnosis. The I'm A Celebrity star, 41, real name Shahid Khan, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk where he addressed the realities of caring for a family member who had been diagnosed with the disease. Speaking about his relationship with his mum, the DJ told how she reflects on earlier times in her life. Naughty Boy said: "She often shares stories of her past, particularly about her younger years and I get to learn new aspects of her life that I never knew before. "She recently told me that she used to write poetry in college; she recited one of her poems in Urdu to me – it was really beautiful." The star told how his mum, Zahida, was diagnosed with the disease in 2019, after a stroke two years before. READ MORE: Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' Naughty Boy told how he now lives with his mum as he looks after her, resulting in a change in dynamic in their relationship. He explained: "Having moved in with my mum to care for her, following her diagnosis of vascular dementia, we have become closer than ever - not just physically, but mentally and emotionally. "Our relationship truly has changed for the better." However, he admitted that at times he can find the experience "overwhelming". The DJ candidly said: "Caring for my mum has been the biggest adjustment in my life. "Having this huge responsibility of looking after this person and ensuring they’re safe and well can be overwhelming at times. "I wouldn’t be able to cope without our live-in carer, as well as the supportive friends and family I have around me," he gushed. Recently, Shahid revealed that his mum has gone through 3 live-in carers who had been employed to support her following her dementia diagnosis. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [UPDATE] Talking to Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on This Morning, the star spoke honestly about caring for his mum. He said: 'It's easy to start thinking like a victim but it's when I started talking that everyone changed. "I'm not alone in this. We have a live-in carer for my mum, for the past three years and before I was Googling dementia, initially we went through 13. "But everyone needs to have that respite because, during Covid I was working from home as well," he explained. Shahid also revealed that his next album will be dedicated to his mum and will be called Heartland.He said: "Mum has always been our favourite person in the world, and that hasn't changed because of her dementia."I made mum the priority and that is something that will last forever."She knows her son stepped up and I'm glad we are here, she is now in a safe place," he added.