Eamonn Holmes, 62, was fuming when he was reportedly branded too "male, pale and stale" and allegedly dismissed from his job at ITV. However, he said the experience only increased the "fire in his belly", as he vowed to overtake the channel via his new position at GB News. Last night, as he claimed victory at the TRIC Awards as the Best News Presenter, he warned ITV that he was "coming for" them in the ratings. He was asked yesterday how his wife and former This Morning co-host Ruth Langsford, who presented his award to him yesterday, feels about his disparaging comments against ITV. "I haven't been slagging off This Morning. I'm telling the truth about ITV," he hit back. "ITV have been telling lies about me [and] I'm just putting the record straight." READ NOW: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby As he spoke before the press, he added that he was referring to: "The Ministry of Lies, their press office. "The point is I did not resign from ITV. ITV resigned from me. "And I never received a single explanation once why they wanted rid of me," he added. He hasn't been shy while venting about his former employer over the months, but previously told the world that he and Ruth are "not good at kissing bottoms".  It's clear that he has no intention of praising ITV, having described his bosses as "sly". He claimed he had been ousted from the channel as part of a diversity drive and challenged: "I'm not going to have myself derided as some sort of has-been. "I may be male and pale but I'm still at the top of my game!" Meanwhile Eamonn insisted last night that he's never described himself as "stale", telling the world that the "ITV press office said that". An ITV spokesperson previously insisted of his objections: "This isn't a version of events we recognise." Meanwhile Ruth delivered an impassioned speech last night as she stood beside her husband onstage, honouring the Alzheimer's Society - one of the TRIC Awards' nominated charities. "When [my dad] was first diagnosed with Alzheimer's, we knew absolutely nothing about the devastating impact it would have on him - and all the family actually," she announced. "That's why, for us, the Alzheimer's Society stepped in."