Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt has candidly opened up on her and husband Max Rogers’ plans for the future of their family. The pop star revealed she was sterilised after giving birth to her third child earlier this month, while Max plans to get a vasectomy. The couple already had two daughters together Willow, four, and Maple, two. But now it seems their family is complete, as Kimberly ruled out the possibility for a fourth baby. Asked if she would like to try for baby number four, Kimberly said: “No! I had my tubes clamped while I was in there.” Max then went on to explain that he is also taking steps to ensure they do not have more children. He added to OK!: “I’m having a vasectomy too – we’re not taking any chances. "I’m sure we’re going to be together forever, but if we did split for whatever reason then Kim couldn’t have kids with somebody else, so I shouldn’t be able to either.” Discussing the latest addition to their family, Kimberly revealed: “It’s mental at the minute, with breastfeeding and my healing, but it feels right. We feel complete." Max added: “It feels like we were supposed to have three children, but come back in a few years and see what I say.” Speaking on ITV’s Loose Women, Kimberly previously revealed that she and Max had discussed the environmental impact of having a large family. Kimberly said: "Sustainability is such a big part of our focus as a couple and as a family and we’d had our two children and we were really quite happy and we talked about waiting six to eight years and having the conversation and just being certain that we were done. "But within just that year or so of having the second one, we’re like 'I think we’re pretty much complete', until number three showed up." After achieving world-wide fame with the Pussycat Dolls, Kimberly went on to participate in a number of TV programmes. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT]Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton dons striking pink attire ahead of French Grand Prix [PICTURES] She was a judge on Sky One’s Got To Dance, starred in ITV’s Give A Pet A Home and won Celebrity MasterChef in 2015. But despite her busy schedule, she had always found time to be with her family. Speaking about her home life back in 2016, Kimberly highlighted how her husband and their 15-month-old daughter Willow were her priority. She said: “Friday night is all about being with my family. “Max and I spend the early evening playing with Willow, but once she’s in bed at 7pm we’ll get fish and chips from the local shop. “Max used to have fish and chips every Friday when he was growing up and it’s a tradition he likes to keep. Afterwards, we’ll cuddle up on the couch and watch a box set.” Kimberly has been married to Max since 2014, after the couple met back in 2011. The pair got engaged in September 2013.