SEAL Team actor Neil Brown Jr shared with fans why Jason Hayes chose to cure his TBI with this method of drugs and how his character Ray Perry used his own trauma to help his fellow Bravo teammate. Neil Brown Jr, who plays Ray Perry in SEAL Team, has revealed what he thinks of Jason Hayes' cure for his traumatic brain injury. The actor gave insight into how his character was there to lend the Bravo agent a hand due to his own past experiences. After suffering from mysterious headaches, Jason (played by David Boreanaz) learns his pain is linked to a brain injury he contracted earlier in his career. More than 20 years as a Navy Seal and the stress it brings with it, causes the injury to flare up again and the agent begins to blackout and lose his memory in season five. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Speaking on Jason's choice to try psychedelics as a cure for his head trauma, Neil shared with the show's Instagram story what he really thought. He said: "I think it's worth a shot because of what he's going through. "So yeah take em' but not for Ray Perry though!" Neil went on to explain his own character's role in helping his fellow Bravo teammate recover. He explained: "Jason is dealing with TBI and he's having to come to terms with it. "Ray uses what he went through when he was tortured and having a big secret that he was hiding from the team, that affects the team and since he knew how to handle that he brings it to Jason. "He tries to help Jason through his own shame and fear to come to terms with the TBI." The pair work together with the rest of the Bravo unit to plan and execute high-stakes missions. DON'T MISS...SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz reveals ‘difficulty’ of role outside acting [INSIGHT]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’  [TRIBUTE]SEAL Team’s Neil Brown Jr pays tribute to inspiration behind Ray [TRIBUTE] In the same sit-down chat, Neil answered fans' questions about what it means to be part of the Bravo unit. The start emphasised the comradery and closeness that the team have both in the CBS action drama and off screen. He revealed: "Being a part of Bravo, it's a collective agreement between the man to your left and to your right that you will be all in 110 percent to accomplish the mission no matter what. "You are fighting at the highest level of the highest level. "Bravo team is the best of the best and so it's a bond between a band of brothers." The hit show is in development stages ahead of its sixth season and left fans hanging off a cliff after a tense series finale. Ambushed in Mali, it is unclear which characters will feature in the next instalment but viewers will have to sit tight until next year to learn Bravo team's fate. Catch up on SEAL Team season five on Paramount+.