Collectively, pensioners have overpaid by £33million in the last three months, according to HMRC figures. Some 7,000 retirees are affected and could be due a refund. Thousands of people who access one-off lump sums from their pension have paid too much pension tax and could be due a refund, Birmingham Live reports. When Britons access their cash it’s taxed like monthly income and is subject to emergency tax. While repayments will be made automatically, experts advise people to consider making a claim. Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter said: "HMRC will make a repayment automatically, however given that could take time to be processed it is best to make a repayment claim yourself to avoid waiting." READ MORE: Inheritance tax: 10 ways grandparents could make HUGE savings Mr Greer added: "This emergency tax situation can be particularly frustrating for people trying to access their funds quickly, particularly if they don’t understand why it has happened. "It arises due to an oddity of the PAYE system when people start to take money from their pension." Meanwhile, the state pension could rise by almost three times inflation next year. The State Pension rose by just 3.1 percent this year, due to former Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to suspend the triple lock mechanism. DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT]  However, if reinstated it will be welcomed by pensioners who are struggling as food and petrol prices continue to rise and inflation hit 9.4 percent. Until then pensioners are advised to check they are receiving all the Government support they are entitled to. State pensioners are missing out on thousands of pounds in freebies from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which could help ease the cost of living. It’s not just pension credit that people could be missing out on, thousands of pounds of DWP help is available to people who have retired. READ MORE: Universal Credit to PIP: DWP benefits you could claim   Pension credit tops up a claimant’s earnings to £182.60 a week if they earn less. Couples will qualify if they earn less than £287.70 combined and will have their earnings topped up to this amount if they don’t. On average, Pension Credit can be worth up to £3,300 per year. Crucially, it could also mean an additional £650 cost of living support payment this year. Pension credit claimants may also be able to claim 15 freebies: 