Brenda Blethyn has played leading lady DCI Stanhope in Vera since it began in 2011. At first, she was joined by her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) until he left the ITV show in 2014. He was promptly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has remained by the detective's side ever since. Last month, the actor who plays Aiden confirmed the cast and crew would be taking a break from filming. In view of his 27,000 followers, Kenny penned: "And that’s a wrap for a little while on Vera. "Congratulations to our amazingly hard-working & talented crew…. But especially my buddy Brenda & cast." Despite the well-deserved break, it seems Kenny and the cast are back in Newcastle to resume filming for series 12. READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist In exclusive images obtained by Express.co.uk from June 27, Kenny and his co-star Brenda were spotted behind the scenes. The DCI Stanhope star looked happy as she posed for the camera in Wallsend with three adorable dogs called George, Alfie and Harley. In another picture, the actress, who was dressed in her signature mack and hat, could be seen bending down to pet the pups. It is no secret that leading lady Brenda is a fan of dogs as she often chats about her own pet, Jack. However, in an interview last year, the actress explained her beloved Jack wasn't allowed on set. "It’s only his photo [in the series]" she said. "You couldn’t get anything done if Jack was actually on set — he’d keep hanging on the back of my leg!" Despite being banned from the set, the 76-year-old's pooch has caused mayhem on live TV in the past. During an appearance on This Morning, Jack began jumping up and down Brenda's lap. DON'T MISS...Masked Singer winner: Who is Kandi Burruss? Meet singer [CAST]Downton Abbey star says she ‘didn’t think’ about backlash to new role [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes opens up on biggest TV regret [NEWS] The actress recently re-lived the mortifying moment when she discussed it on Lorraine. She told host Christine Lampard that she was very embarrassed by the situation. "It had so many hits on Youtube, it was so embarrassing," she revealed. "He still does it, he’s been done I don’t know why he does it." Filming for series 12 of Vera is well underway with production expected to end in autumn. However, fans are still waiting with anticipation for the final two episodes of series 11 to air. The first four instalments were spread out over the course of last year and the beginning of 2022. Although, ITV bosses are yet to confirm when fans can watch the remaining episodes. Vera is expected to air later this year on ITV.