The Metropolitan Police said they were called at around 1.15am this morning to reports of shots fired in the vicinity of Kingshill Avenue and Yeading Lane, Northolt. Officers and paramedics from the London Ambulance Service (LAS) rushed to the scene to find a man, believed to be in his 30s, suffering from gunshot injuries. He was rushed to hospital for treatment, although his condition is not life-threatening. A crime scene remains in place. No arrests have been made and the investigation continues. The Met said: "Police were called at approximately 01:15hrs on Tuesday, 5 July to reports of shots fired in the vicinity of Kingshill Avenue and Yeading Lane, Northolt. "Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and found a man, believed aged in his 30s, suffering gunshot injuries. "He was taken to hospital for treatment where he remains; his condition is not life threatening. "A crime scene remains in place. No arrests; enquiries into the circumstances are ongoing." Kingshill Avenue, between Northolt and Hillingdon in West London is partially closed at Yeading Lane and Park Lane after the incident this morning. A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 01.07am today (05 July) to reports of an incident on Kingshill Road, Hayes. “We sent an ambulance crew, a paramedic in a response car, and an incident response officer. We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance by road. READ MORE: Cabinet told to oust PM today as ministers look FURIOUS with Boris  “Our medics treated one patient at the scene for gunshot wounds, before taking him to a major trauma centre as a priority.” An eyewitness at the scene described seeing "at least nine bullet holes" in a car left at the scene "in driver's window and rear door on the driver's side". He told MyLondon: "There were clearly numerous latex gloves, a foil sheet and what appeared to be bandages on the road by the driver's door, suggesting there were injuries.  "A number of shots had passed through the car and exited the passenger's window, where they ended up is anyone's guess." DON'T MISSPound rallies against Euro and 'regains traction' [ANALYSIS]Rolls-Royce unveils six potential UK sites for nuclear reactors [REPORT]UK nuclear fusion plant to bring huge £11bn boost to economy [LATEST]  The man said he could not see any visible blood at the scene. As a result of the ongoing disruption, buses 90, 140 and E9 are diverting to alternative routes. 