Charles Leclerc has admitted to receiving text messages from Sebastian Vettel after his crash at last weekend’s French Grand Prix. Leclerc explained Vettel “always texts him” after the pair became friends when they were team-mates at Ferrari. The Monegasque even admitted the four-time champion messaged him after last Sunday’s accident. Leclerc was visibly angry after crashing out of the French Grand Prix while leading the race. The Ferrari star simply dipped a wheel on the outside of turn 11 which spun his car into the barrier. The mistake cost him a chance to close the deficit in the world championship, with Verstappen allowed to open up a 63-point advantage. But, Leclerc claimed Vettel was on hand to help him after the race on Sunday and admitted the German always messaged him at “tough times”. READ MORE: Martin Brundle backs Lewis Hamilton's replacement for Vettel's seat He said: “Our relationship evolved throughout the years. I arrived the first year and I was obviously super-impressed and I think I was probably very weird to him because I was shy and didn’t know what to say when I was with him. But now he’s a friend and he always texts me, like he did after Sunday, and always tried to make me feel better whenever I’m going through a tough time. “So it’s nice to see how much we’ve grown since I first met him.” However, it’s not the first time Leclerc has admitted Vettel texted him during his career. Back in 2018, the former Sauber driver revealed the two drivers had spoken through messages before they joined up at Ferrari. He explained: "If I did well in the simulator when I was still in Formula 2, he always sent me a text message. DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel falls shy of Lewis Hamilton feat due to F1 retirement [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton hails 'brave' Sebastian Vettel  [COMMENT]Bottas pokes fun at Mercedes situation and responds amid Vettel exit [ANALYSIS] "That was nice. I think it will work well with him.” Vettel has called time on his F1 career in order to spend more time with his family and children. Aston Martin was keen to offer the 35-year-old a new deal but talks were not able to change his decision. Vettel commented: “The decision to retire has been a difficult one for me to take, and I have spent a lot of time thinking about it; at the end of the year I want to take some more time to reflect on what I will focus on next; it is very clear to me that, being a father, I want to spend more time with my family. But today is not about saying goodbye. “Rather, it is about saying thank you - to everyone - not least to the fans, without whose passionate support Formula One could not exist.”