Polly Arrowsmith has been using loyalty cards for 25 years and once bought £350 worth of food in order to receive two free flights to Venezuela. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the cost of living expert disclosed which supermarkets have the best loyalty scheme and how to make the most of them. With food prices increasing by up to 40 percent in some parts of the UK, many Britons will be feeling the pinch right now. The average Briton spends £40.36 per person per week on food according to Nimbelfins, yet there’s no doubt this figure is increasing every week. Accountant Polly Arrowsmith has been trying out the different supermarket loyalty schemes for years and has some excellent tips to share with others. She told Express.co.uk: “Sainsbury's is the one that gives you the most bang for the buck and you can convert their points into air miles on Avois, use them at different shops, such as Argos or simply buy something from Sainsbury's.Last year, I got £198 worth of points.” READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance: 10 things you may be able to claim as a carer However, people might not realise how much they can save if they simply put their weekly offers to one side and forget all about them. Ms Arrowsmith explained: “You have to actively save your Nectar deals as they come out weekly. “I once did a £350 shop in Sainsbury's, to get enough points to enable us to buy two return flights to Venezuela with British Airways. “The savings on the flights were a lot more than the cost of the shopping!” DON'T MISSMassive changes coming to PIP payments - will you be affected? [ALERT]'Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [ALERT]NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you increase your chance of winning top prize? [INSIGHT] While the savvy shopper has tried Tesco's, Waitrose And M&S, she claims Sainsbury’s is one step ahead of its competitors because it’s spot on at predicting what customers are going to buy. She added that while Tesco Clubcard also offers savings of 20 percent, these are not personalised and can be a bit “hit and miss”. Ms Arrowsmith explained: “Sainsbury will notice if I do not buy a pizza after one or two weeks. “They assume that you bought the pizza elsewhere.” READ MORE: 'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning She continued: “They, therefore, offer you a lot more points to buy their pizza. “This will be 180 points, or 90p. “If their pizza is reduced - and 25 percent of the time it is - then the pizza that would cost you £5.50 or £6 in M&S or Waitrose will be £3.75. “So add in the 90p on your card, and the pizza will cost you £2.85.” Taking full advantage of supermarket loyalty schemes can help people make savings without being forced to switch supermarkets. Alternatively, people can save money on their food shop by supplementing their shop with finds from apps like Too Good To Go and Olio. A Bristol resident told Express.co.uk how food clubs are a good idea and they help her save a fortune. Elaine Wishart shared how she gets £25 worth of food for just £3.50 from a food club near where she lives. 