Nick Kyrgios has surpassed the £800,000 mark for career fines after receiving his latest hefty penalty at Wimbledon 2022. The short-fused Aussie has grown a reputation for his hot-headed antics on-court, inheriting the nickname of 'the third commentator' for his public criticism of himself and others around him during matches. That, more often than not, gets him in trouble, and it was no different in his Wimbledon first-round affair against young Brit Paul Jubb. Kyrgios complained to the umpire on several occasions throughout, claiming fans in the crowd were abusive towards him. The 27-year-old also cheekily questioned the age of the line judges in one of a selection of loud-mouthed rants throughout his victory. After the match, he was caught on camera spitting in the direction of a section of spectators, presumably those who he accused of abuse. After Wimbledon released their fines list for the Grand Slam so far, it became apparent his actions didn't go unpunished. The tournament has fined Kyrgios £8,211 ($10,000), the biggest handed out among 13 other competitors, extending his record of the most-fined player in tennis history. JUST IN: Nadal warned of 'great equaliser' at Wimbledon as big names drop out He has previously admitted that his total career fines likely add up to around £666,000 ($800,000), already over $1m Australian Dollars. Speaking to Turn up the Talk podcast, Kyrgios said: "All the fines that I get fined go to charity. That's for everyone. "So every time we get fined, they're like it's going to charity. I was like, 'I don't know why you would tell me that.' I would probably have in my entire career - man, I have been hit with some bigger ones - but I don't think all the time it has been fair, to be honest. But I would say I'd be approaching around $800,000 [USD], I reckon." READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios slapped with biggest Wimbledon fine along with 13 others Kyrgios not only holds the record for most accumulative fines received on the ATP Tour but also boasts the biggest fine ever single fine. After a code of conduct violation in his Western and Southern Open second-round defeat against Karen Khachanov in 2019, he was forced to pay a staggering £131,000 ($157,000). Kyrgios' Wimbledon 2022 fine was double the second-highest, Alexander Ritschard's £4,105. And there's also some distance between second-place in the all-time highest single fine - that honour goes to John McEnroe who was fined £14,572 ($17,500) for verbally abusing an umpire at the 1987 US Open.