To be immunocompromised means to have a weakened immune system, it means the body may not protect itself from viral threats, such as COVID-19, and may not be able to develop antibodies from vaccines. It could mean a restricted life stuck inside as everyone else lives theirs. However, there is a solution to this problem; and it may come in the form of Evusheld. READ MORE: Sean Connery’s dementia had ‘devastating effect’ on Bond star Evusheld is an antibody treatment, one that can be given to the immunocompromised population to protect them from COVID-19 for up to six months. The treatment has reportedly been found to work against a variety of coronavirus variants, including the two responsible for the fifth wave of coronavirus infections, BA.4 and BA.5. Such is the efficacy of this treatment that 26 nations have bought doses. But not the UK.  When asked by Express.co.uk about this matter, a Government spokesperson said: “The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency's (MHRA) market authorisation of Evusheld was based on the product’s clinical effectiveness against the Delta variant, and by the time of its authorisation, Omicron had emerged as the dominant variant.” Despite the evidence that Evusheld works against Omicron, the Government is not changing its mind; so the immunocompromised have had enough and set up their own campaign group called Evusheld for the UK. READ MORE: Your frying pan may be increasing your risk of the brain condition Speaking to Express.co.uk, the campaign group said: “There is strong clinical support for Evusheld across a range of medical specialties. Nonetheless, we are concerned that Evusheld is being held to an impossible standard of evolving evidence. “Despite real-world studies showing strong performance against Omicron BA1 and BA2, and subsequent data for BA4 and BA5, there has been a lack of transparency relating to government testing and how this will influence procurement and roll-out. We have also seen requests for studies on specific patient sub-groups, delaying administration even further.” They argue Evusheld would not only free people but also help the NHS and improve the economy: “Further, the economic benefits of Evusheld outweigh the costs. Our vulnerable members are currently extremely limited in their ability to participate in society. For many, the first lockdown of 2020 has never ended. “A drug that could significantly reduce the risk of poor outcomes from Covid would have far-reaching benefits for the economy. The fact that Evusheld substantially reduces hospitalisation in this group would also have a positive impact on NHS bed space.” The campaign group believe the drug could make a huge difference to so many lives, not just the immunocompromised. It’s not just those in the community who it would make a difference to, but their families as well. With Evusheld campaigners saying they could be together again in the truest sense, rather than standing two metres apart. At a time when there is so much division, there is an opportunity here to bring not just people, but families back together again after two years separated by a threat they cannot see, touch, taste, or feel.