The saying breakfast is "the most important meal of the day" is age-old, but many experts still swear by it. And starting the morning by eating a nutritious breakfast can set a person up for the rest of the day. Dietician Sarah Elder said: "The body uses a lot of energy stores for growth and repair through the night. "Eating a balanced breakfast helps to up our energy, as well as protein and calcium used throughout the night." Research conducted by yfood found that almost one in five Britons don't eat breakfast. Its most recent study showed that 19 percent of the nation are "likely to skip breakfast", as they don’t eat throughout the day and instead increase their calorie intake at dinner. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Fredrik Karpe, professor of metabolic medicine at Oxford Centre for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metabolism, argues that skipping breakfast "isn't good for you". Instead, higher levels of cortisol in the morning are just part of our body’s natural rhythm. "Not only that, but breakfast is key to jumpstarting our metabolism," he said. "In order for other tissues to respond well to food intake, you need an initial trigger involving carbs responding to insulin. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Breakfast is critical for this to happen." If a person's metabolism is high or fast, they will burn more calories at rest and during activity. A high metabolism means people need to take in more calories to maintain their weight. Dr Shirisha Avadhanula said: "We measure the body’s energy in calories. Weight loss occurs when you burn more calories than you consume. "Simply put, weight loss occurs when you consume less calories or exercise more, preferably both." For this reason, nutrition experts at yfood have highlighted some of the best breakfast foods to start the morning right. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Whether they are scrambled, fried or poached, eggs make a simple, nutritious breakfast choice. They are also an excellent source of protein, which will keep people feeling fuller for longer throughout the day. Looking for a quick breakfast? Greek yoghurt is a great option, and it contains probiotics which have been proven to be good for gut health. It can also help boost metabolism when eaten alongside a balanced diet. yfood exerts suggest trying topping the yoghurt with berries or chopped fruit to add more fibre, vitamins, and minerals. A classic breakfast choice and among the most nutrient-dense foods people can eat. Oats contain heaps of carbs and fibre. Experts explained that the addition of fibre at breakfast "promotes satiety and stabilises energy levels". This in turn will help reduce that mid-afternoon slump some pope experience that cause boredom cravings.