Eurozone bond yields fell on Thursday as global recession fears escalated following a second quarter of negative US growth, looking past German inflation figures that showed an unexpected increase in harmonised consumer prices. The bloc's biggest economy received its GDP figures for the second quarter today, adding to fears of a domino recession for the EU. According to the Federal Statistical Office, the gross domestic product stagnated in the second quarter of the current year compared to the previous quarter. Gross domestic product was unchanged between April and June compared to the previous quarter, as the Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) announced on Friday. Economists had expected 0.1 per cent growth. At the beginning of the year, however, the economy had performed better than expected: Destatis revised the plus in GDP for the first quarter upwards to 0.8 per cent from the 0.2 per cent initially mentioned. The economy was supported in the spring primarily by private and government consumption spending, while net exports dampened economic growth. "The difficult global economic conditions with the ongoing Corona pandemic, disrupted supply chains, rising prices and the war in Ukraine are clearly reflected in the economic development," the Wiesbaden-based statisticians explained. Federal Economics Minister Robert Habeck recently spoke of the "biggest energy crisis in Germany" - triggered by the strong dependence on Russia. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) only expects the German economy to grow by a comparatively meagre 1.2 percent this year. On Thursday, official data from Germany showed consumer prices, harmonised to make them comparable with inflation data from other European Union countries (HICP), increased by 8.5 percent on the year, following an 8.2 percent rise in June. Peter McCallum, rates strategist at Mizuho, said: "A lot of that German data surprise versus economists' consensus should already have been factored in by the market. "With that out of the way, European rates have been more trading on a dovish Fed last night and more importantly, the very poor US growth data." Germany's two-year yield, which is sensitive to rate changes, dropped over 15 basis points (bps) to its lowest since May 17. The 10-year yield, the benchmark for the bloc, dropped 10 bps to its lowest level since April 28. The country is facing a spiralling gas crisis. EU states have agreed to ration gas by 15 percent, as outlined n their gas emergency plan. But the German government wants to save even more gas than this. Speaking in Brussels on Tuesday, Federal Economics Minister Robert Habeck advocated a higher national savings target. Depending on the severity of the winter, he said "16 or 20 percent" could be achieved. EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen welcomed the agreement to ration gas supplies, describing it as a "decisive step to counter Putin's threat of a complete gas disruption". READ MORE: Gas crisis spirals in Germany as citizens could have to ration MORE Germany's GDP figures came as US gross domestic product fell at a 0.9 percent annualised rate in the second quarter. The Federal Reserve on Wednesday acknowledged that the economy was slowing as it lifted rates by 75 basis points for the second consecutive meeting. Still, US yields slipped as the move was in line with market expectations and fell further after Thursday's GDP data. Meanwhile, Italian bond yields were tracking their European counterparts with the closely watched spread between 10-year Italian and German borrowing costs relatively steady at 244 bps. DON'T MISS:Germans to fork out £839 per year over Russian gas crisis [DATA]Germany on 'cusp of RECESSION' as Merkel's legacy now in tatters [INSIGHT]VDL’s energy plan sparks EU revolt as several nations plot 'payback' [ANALYSIS] Earlier in the day, the spread had briefly touched 257 bps, its widest since April 2020 and above the level that prompted the European Central Bank to hold an ad-hoc meeting to discuss strains in euro zone bond markets in June. "Investors remain cautious given that we are close to the parliamentary elections in September," said Daniel Lenz, rates strategist at DZ Bank. "Markets are more in favour of predictable governments and those which play by EU rules." Italian bonds have been under pressure following the collapse of Mario Draghi's government last week. Rating agency S&P Global on Tuesday changed the outlook on the Italian sovereign to stable from positive in a surprise move. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg