The Royal Family have several royal tours a year, for example, Kate Middleton and Prince William infamously toured the Caribbean to mixed reviews earlier this year. What rules do the royals have to follow when abroad? Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the different travelling rules royals have to follow.  She said: “The Queen favours bold colours and prescribes them to her family because royals are meant to be easily distinguishable in a crowd. “However, a tragedy delivered a life lesson, giving rise to a whole new protocol that applies to this date. “When Queen Elizabeth’s flight landed in England after the death of her father, her dresser realised they hadn’t packed a black mourning outfit for the new mourning Queen to be received by her ministers. “Ever since then, Royal Family members have to compulsorily pack a black outfit when travelling.”  What other cultural things do the royals have to abide by? Daena added: “Whilst touring abroad, royal protocol dictates that royal women also honour local history and traditions. “That is, by sporting the colours of the country they are in, wearing jewellery gifted to the Queen by that country or respecting local customs such as covering of the head with a scarf.” The Duchess of Cambridge, who is one of the most stylish members of the Royal Family, still has to abide by royal modesty rules when touring abroad.  Daena explained: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. “It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. “Royal women are expected to wear tights whenever their legs are exposed in public. “The Duchess of Cambridge, who favours nude tights and has worn them with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude tights.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton prohibited from eating potatoes - follows Queen's rule Therefore, Kate will always pack tights when going on royal tours so her legs are not too exposed. Daena added: “Pennies or small weights are sewed into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind. “Royal women are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage. “In order to still wear bespoke dresses with daring necklines, the Duchess of Cambridge has her evening gowns altered ever so slightly to keep with the rules.  “Meanwhile her later mother-in-law, Princess Diana used to hold her clutch to her chest while exiting vehicles.” Royal women will keep these rules in mind when packing their suitcases and planning their outfits whilst travelling. The programme ‘A Royal Guide To Travel’ will look at all the rules the Royal Family have to follow, tonight on Channel 4 at 8pm. 