A Conservative manifesto promised a “levelling up agenda” and voters flocked to the idea that people and communities left behind by Labour, would get the chance to catch up, to compete on an even keel, to prosper and to grow. We were asking people who’d never considered voting Conservative, to do so on a promise of change. If that commitment was bold, then people’s response to it was brave. In 40 years, there’ve been 40 different government initiatives to stimulate local growth. We need grass-roots change, but Whitehall produces AstroTurf. Last month at the Northern Research Group Conference in Doncaster Northern MPs set out our New Deal for Britain. First, equalise Government spending around the UK. How can we expect the North to stand on its own feet when we’ve spent a staggering £6.5billion more on Transport in London than the North every year for a decade? Second, ditch Blair’s education policy that committed a generation to university.  It failed our young people and left the UK at the bottom of the G7 when it comes to productivity.  We need a vocational corridor – it’s time for Vox Bridge. Thirdly a devolution revolution, with local areas free to lower taxes, including corporation tax on a sectoral basis. Areas can compete to lower taxes enabling Sunderland to become more competitive than Singapore and Leeds to compete with Luxembourg. These changes offer the radical action our voters demanded when they sent Red Wall MPs to London with an 80-seat Conservative majority. Only one candidate in this Prime Ministerial race took the time to come to that Conference on the day, to listen to the 400 party members present and see the potential in what we had to say. He pointed out that conversation in conservatism has for too long been about finance, understandable because the City drives so much of our economy. But while it drives our economy, it doesn't guarantee our liberty. He argued that what truly guarantees our liberty is our manufacturing, the heart of industry which is northern conservatism. He doesn’t see the negativity that Labour paints it with. Like us, he sees extraordinary opportunity. Northern MPs fight for results.  Change cannot be delivered by simply shuffling the pack. We need a new deck. It is time for a clean start, a New Deal for Britain – the man to deliver that is Tom Tugendhat.