The popularity of electric cars is constantly growing. This is despite many drivers not being completely convinced by the electrically-powered vehicles. However, despite several barriers, Brits bought a record number of EVs this year. And now, the East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust (EEAST) is including some of them in their force. The EEAST is currently trialling two Skodas Enyaq iV 80x and one Vauxhall Vivaro-E van. The Skodas will be used as rapid response cars. Their responsibility will be attending to urgent calls such as cardiac arrests. READ MORE: New petrol station rules see drivers charged £100 at self-service pump The Vauxhall, on the other hand, will have various roles. These will range from falls response vehicles to mental health response vehicles. However, just like thousands of drivers across the UK, the service is not entirely convinced by EVs just yet. The EEAST said it is waiting for the technology to advance further before trialling electric ambulances. DON'T MISS Warning issued to drivers after fire engine blocked by parked cars [WARNING] Disabled drivers hit out at 'lazy' motorists who park in disabled bays [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow ‘life-saving’ air con tricks to save fuel [REVEAL] As it stands, the service has around 70 cars and nearly 500 ambulances. It covers Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk. Tom Abell, chief executive of the trust, said the trialled EVs are “much faster” than their diesel equivalents. The response cars can go from 0 to 60mph in around six seconds. READ MORE: Drivers can save more than £5,000 on a new Tesla using car tax scheme This is roughly six seconds faster than diesel response units. On top of that, the EVs can be charged to 80 percent in 30 minutes using the quickest available charger. Mr Abell said: “Clearly the challenge with it is going to be range, but actually in terms of their general performance actually they are superior in many ways and they're zero-emission which is fantastic." The chief executive added that the trial is in place to help the service learn what the range of the vehicles will be in practice. Knowing the range of the emergency vehicles is vital and can vary as they need to have specialist equipment installed, “which does consume energy”. Mr Abell said: "The east of England is a very diverse geographical area ... We know that this technology works very well in urban areas and cities. "We need to look at how it will work in more rural communities and what is the charging infrastructure and the ways of working that we're going to need to put in place in order to be able to support this technology moving forward." An NHS England grant of £250,000 is helping to fund the trial, including paying for new charging infrastructure, ITV reported. The ambulance service is installing chargers at its hub sites and is looking to roll it out to smaller stations. It also has a payment card system that allows charging at commercial charging sites. Mr Abell said: "The way we work clearly is that we go in and out of hospitals and as part of that our crews will be checking in at stations along the way. "If we can get the right technology and the right infrastructure in place, that should mean we will be able to keep the vehicles on the road and maximise their up time.” Mr Abell added he hoped electric ambulances will be trialled in the future. He said: "Electric vehicle platforms are much more established in a car format. "Clearly we are starting to see electric vans and electric trucks come onto the market. "We're keeping a really close eye on that and hoping we will be able to move on to ambulances in due course."