This utterly surreal development came courtesy of the Ukrainian government. Kyiv says my polling on the Ukraine-Russia war is advancing the Kremlin’s propaganda narratives. Who knew? I am one of 72 politicians, journalists, academics, and experts on a new global blacklist produced by the (Western taxpayer-funded) Ukrainian Center for Countering Disinformation, a government agency. The blacklist’s purpose is to make those named cower at Kyiv’s wrath. Because we are deemed unhelpful to Ukraine’s Herculean task of beating back the Russian military, Kyiv wants to intimidate us into silence. Judging by the other names on the list, Kyiv is going to be very disappointed with the results. Among the blacklisted Americans are Republican Senator Rand Paul, liberal investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald, and former Democratic congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, an Army Reserve Lt. Colonel. Although of differing partisan stripes and ideological hues, each one is deeply principled with a longstanding reputation for speaking truth to power. I am honoured and surprised to find myself on a list with these impressive individuals. None of us are inclined to become cancel culture’s latest self-censoring victims simply because President Volodymyr Zelensky’s foreign government has misinterpreted or misunderstood our words and actions. I assume Kyiv’s problem with me is that Ukrainian officials simply do not understand how polling actually works. Polling’s legitimate purpose is to educate and inform, not to support the official narrative. I conduct a monthly Democracy Institute poll of American voters for Express.co.uk. Our poll asks several Ukraine- and Russia-related questions. Two findings are crystal clear. First, Americans overwhelmingly support Ukraine’s right to self-defence and disapprove of Russian President Vladimir Putin. Second, Americans are increasingly unwilling to support a limitless campaign. Americans are far less supportive of economic sanctions than they were a few months ago; most believe the sanctions are hurting them more than they are hurting Russians. Most voters oppose more financial aid to Ukraine; most oppose direct American military involvement in Ukraine; and most oppose the Biden administration’s actual rationale for intervention: regime change in Moscow. Hence, Americans overwhelmingly disapprove of Biden’s handling of the crisis. Interestingly, we found broadly comparable results among French voters during our Express.co.uk survey during France’s presidential campaign. Other pollsters are now discovering similar answers across a swathe of Western nations. Each national leader standing behind Ukraine at the outset either has lost power, will lose power shortly, or has been seriously weakened. Furthermore, American voters are willing to accept their government letting Ukraine lose to Russia. And, more Americans wish to see Biden permanently exit the White House than Putin depart the Kremlin. That is the people’s indictment of Biden’s presidency, not an endorsement of Putin’s tenure. These findings have received considerable attention. Consequently, I have expounded about the results to respective domestic and foreign audiences. My role is to explain both what Americans (and others) think about the war and why they think the way they do. I provide analysis about popular opinion on these questions, providing my own views when requested. Our inconvenient polling data makes the Ukrainian government uncomfortable. Rather than counter our data with other data, however, Kiev has opted for a guilt-by-association, straw man argument. Unfounded government-sponsored attacks that seek to tarnish the reputations and quiet the voices of alleged opponents are a tactic most Westerners associate with Russia, not Ukraine. This is a perverse approach to winning Western hearts and minds. The West assumes Zelensky and his government prize free speech. But, such blatant disregard for this value, a cornerstone of liberal democracy, is an own goal that dilutes the effectiveness of Ukraine’s expensive international public relations campaign. President Zelensky espouses liberty and democracy at home, and this allegedly Churchillian statesman is currently fêted with a glamorous Vogue magazine photoshoot. Yet, the blacklist experience signals that he does not necessarily appreciate the need to match his words with deeds. Surely, the Ukrainian president is not simply a stereotypical politician after all?