John McEnroe joked that it may take “decades” for Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas to make up after the two took part in a Wimbledon third-round clash that was filled with controversy. Kyrgios and Tsitsipas' relationship has been described as love-hate in the past but after the Greek 23-year-old called Kyrgios an “evil bully” following the Australian’s 6-7(2), 6-4, 6-3, 7-6(7) win over the fourth seed, their bond may take time to repair. During the BBC’s coverage of Rafael Nadal’s fourth-round match with Botic van de Zandschulp, McEnroe speculated how long it would take the two to become friends again. “Do you think Tsitsipas and Kyrgios are back to being buddies after what happened the other night?” McEnroe asked fellow commentators Nick Mullins and Feliciano Lopez. “It might take them a little bit longer,” Mullins replied. McEnroe then added: “It might take them a couple of years? A couple decades!?” Lopez continued: “Not a couple of years but it might take them a bit longer than Nadal and [Lorenzo] Sonego.” Nadal made a point of calling Sonego to the net after their clash to apologise for earlier distracting the Italian. Despite defeating Tsitsipas in four sets, Kyrgios was slapped with his second fine of the tournament as he was billed £3,300 though his first-round fine of £8,211 dwarfed that punishment. JUST IN: Rafa Nadal's uncle wades into Kyrgios Tsitsipas Wimbledon row Tsitsipas was also punished, and after a match marred by poor gamesmanship, the pair continued to jibe verbally in their post-match press conferences and then continued on social media. Kyrgios repeatedly argued with the umpire during the match and called for Tsitsipas to be defaulted when he hit a ball into the stands. The Aussie was more subdued on Centre Court during his 4-6 6-4 7-6 (7-2) 3-6 6-2 win over American Brandon Nakashima but did raise some questions when he flouted the dress code as he wore a red cap and shoes as he exited the court. DON'T MISS  Tim Henman and Todd Woodbridge speculated that Kyrgios may be warned for not adhering to the dress code of all-white at Wimbledon. “Yeah that is going to be an interesting one,” Henman said during the BBC’s broadcast before Woodbridge added: “Do you think he will get a letter in his locker?” Henman joked in his reply: “He might get a little quiet word in his ear, he was so well-behaved, no warnings, no fines, we have got to make some money somewhere! Maybe it is the cap and the shoes. “I think all credit to him, this is a match where he came in as the favourite, there was much more pressure on him. It is a great opportunity, of course he is aware of where he is in the draw and how things are opening up so I am a fan of the way he has been playing.”