The NHS is braced for a spike in patients as experts predict temperatures could hit record highs. London could swelter in heat of 104F (40C) tomorrow while Peterborough is expected to hit 98F (36.7C) with Milton Keynes and Norwich at 96F (35.5C). All this will easily outshine the 95F (35C) expected in the desert city of Tamanrasset in the Sahara. Meteorologists have given an 80 per cent chance of Britain's record of 38.7C, set in Cambridge in 2019, being topped. The Met Office has issued the UK's first red extreme heat warning for today and tomorrow across a large part of England. The UK Health Security Agency also issued a Level 4 heat-health alert - a "national emergency". More than a dozen train companies are urging Britons not to travel during the red alert. Some 21 operators said they would be running a slower service on both days after National Rail implemented speed restrictions. And the AA warned of roads melting and tyres bursting. Weeks of hot temperatures have left fields extremely dry and at risk of fires, with a crop fire almost reaching the Lenham Cross war memorial in Kent. But thousands flocked yesterday to beaches and parks Southend, Brighton, Blackpool, Bournemouth and Southampton, and enjoyed the water at Henley, Grantchester and Bristol. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab insisted that, while adopting common sense, people "should be able to enjoy" the sunshine as MPs warned schools not to close. Some have chosen to ignore this advice but ministers claimed the "consensus" at Saturday's Cobra meeting was that youngsters would be at greater risk if left unsupervised at home. Tracy Nicholls, chief executive of the College of Paramedics, warned of the dangers. She said: "This isn't like a lovely hot day where we can put on a bit of sunscreen, go outside and enjoy a swim or a meal. This is serious heat that could end in people's deaths." And there were fresh warnings about taking a dip to cool off. The body of a 16-year-old was recovered at Salford Quays in Manchester, while a man's body was found in a brook in Sheffield on Saturday. And West Yorkshire Police yesterday confirmed a body had been found in Ardsley Reservoir, Wakefield. Health Secretary Steve Barclay urged people to look out for vulnerable neighbours and family.