At the end of Thursday night's Emmerdale, the ITV soap dedicated the episode to director Philip Wood. As the credits rolled at the end of the programme, a title card paying a tribute to the soap director popped up on the screen. The message at the end of the programme read "Dedicated to Philip Wood". Philip wasn't working on Emmerdale at the time of his death, although he directed a total of 66 episodes. He worked behind the scenes on the long-running soap from 1999 to 2005. Emmerdale isn't the only programme Philip worked on during his career, as he also directed several episodes of Coronation Street. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film He worked on Corrie from 2000, directing 22 episodes in total. Philip also directed Channel 4's Brookside, Desperate Scouse Wives and River City. It is unclear how or when Philip died, but in April Liam O'Brien, who played Ethan Blake in Emmerdale, paid a moving tribute to his co-star describing him as a "wonderful director". He penned on Twitter: "Very sad to hear of the passing of Philip Wood a friend of mine from the @emmerdale days, a great character and wonderful director. "First worked with him on a Brookside workshop in Belfast as a teen only to be directed by him in the farm nearly a decade later. RIP pal." (sic) Thursday's episode mainly centred around Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) and her cancer diagnosis. Faith's children Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain (Jeff Hordley) struggled to come to terms with their mum's decision to stop all of her treatment. It was an emotional moment as Cain and Chas had a heart-to-heart about their mother at The Woolpack. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [REACTION]Emmerdale’s Liam Fox ‘freaked out’ with co-star during new series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Sara Damergi leaves buyer emotional [VIDEO] Meanwhile, Faith spent the evening reminiscing with Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) about the past. However, viewers admitted to breaking down in tears over the emotional scene between Cain and Faith at the end. The duo put their differences aside and held hands as they watched the sunrise. Sharing their thoughts on social media about the moving scene, Julie Cleaver wrote: "Wow #emmerdale Such an emotional episode. Beautiful scenes, fabulously acted by all involved. Wish we weren’t losing Faith - such a great character brought to life by an amazing actress." Angela Dunn said: "Very emotional tonight. God love Faith for trying to bond with Cain, so pleased they have made up at least x." (sic) While Andy Kealey tweeted: "Very emotional episode of #emmerdale tonight. So moving with Cain and Faith at the end." "Just finished watching #Emmerdale, a beautiful episode it was well done, Jeff with a powerful performance alongside Sally and Lucy," Daniel Brown praised. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7.30pm on ITV.