Columnist Daniela Elser highlighted how the Duke of Cambridge is taking his Earthshot Prize awards ceremony to the US city of Boston in December. Meanwhile, the Duke of Sussex is reportedly filming an "at-home" docuseries with Meghan Markle which Netflix is said to want to be released at the end of the year. Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: "Thus the scene is set for an epic clash of brands, brothers, and approaches to public service, all of which is going to play out on every smartphone and TV screen in the world. Talk about bingeable content. "If ever there will be a moment that signifies how dramatically divergent the paths that the Wales brothers have chosen are, it will surely have to be one man enjoying the spotlight at a Presidential library while the other is being paid to let cameras inside his kitchen. "William’s awards, an initiative focused on real world efforts to tackle the climate crisis, are set to be held in conjunction with the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. "The iconography of this trip writes itself – we will have the 40-year-old future king striding about the place looking nothing short of world leader-like, possibly paling about with a former president or two, and all the while selling the monarchy as a dynamic and proactive institution. "But this crowning achievement (boom tish) will come right at the moment when the dignity and the seriousness of the Sussexes could be about to be severely – and publicly – tested." Ms Elser's comments come after William yesterday revealed the 2022 awards ceremony for his Earthshot Prize would take place in Boston. The venue for the £50 million environmental competition was widely anticipated. However, it remains to be seen if the Sussexes, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, will be among the guests. READ MORE: Harry defended after Duke mocked for speech to almost empty room The future King's initiative was inspired by former US president John F Kennedy's Moonshot project which set scientists the challenge of placing an astronaut on the moon and returning him safely. The John F Kennedy Library Foundation, alongside the City of Boston and its mayor Michelle Wu, will be host partners of the Earthshot Prize ceremony. Meanwhile, it was reported this week that Netflix wants Harry and Meghan's docuseries later this year to coincide with royal drama The Crown, which is out in November. A source told Page Six: “There is a lot to organize and a lot of things at play here." DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan under pressure over Netflix reality showMeghan Markle 'snubs father on birthday'Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning The insider added that Netflix "wants to make sure they get in there and don’t get scooped" by Harry's tell-all memoir which is due to be released later this year. The source added: “[Netflix executives] knew the book was coming out, which is why they wanted the series this year. “They don’t want to hold off any longer.” Speculation over whether the Sussexes will attend the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony in the US comes as William and Harry have been at the centre of an ongoing rift.