Penny Mordaunt has been eliminated from the Tory leadership contest after failing to catch Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. The trade minister crashed out of the race to lead the Conservative Party after winning 105 votes. Mr Sunak topped the fifth and final ballot of Tory MPs on Wednesday with 137 votes, while Ms Truss received 113. A series of 12 hustings will now take place across the country from Friday to help Conservative members choose who should lead the party. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will take part in a BBC debate on Monday, followed by another head-to-head hosted by Sky News on August 4. After a hard-fought campaign – which has reportedly featured ‘blue-on-blue’ Tory attacks – Ms Mordaunt thanked her supporters. During the race, the former magician’s assistant has seen her past put under the spotlight like never before during her political career. One comment that came back to bite her was her false claim that the UK would not have been able to stop Turkey joining the EU. Turkey has candidate status but is not a member of the bloc and has been involved in prolonged accession negotiations for years. JUST IN: Tory Leadership LIVE: Cummings rages at 'remainer' Truss as Mordaunt dramatically OUT Ms Mordaunt’s claim, which she has doubled down on in recent weeks, came on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show in May 2016 in the run-up to the Brexit referendum the following month. The presenter correctly told Ms Mordaunt: “The British government does have a veto on Turkey joining so we don't have to let them join.” But she replied: “No, it doesn't. We are not going to be able to have a say.” However, things got worse for the Tory MP, who was then a defence minister, as she was subsequently skewered by David Cameron. The Prime Minister who supported Remain in the Brexit vote, accused Ms Mordaunt, who backed Leave, of making “a very misleading claim”. Speaking on ITV’s ‘Peston on Sunday’, he said: “She is absolutely wrong. Let me be clear. “Britain and every other country in the EU has a veto on another country joining. That is a fact. “The fact that the Leave campaign are getting things as straightforward as this wrong should call into judgment the bigger argument about leaving the EU.” The Tory leader also claimed campaigners were trying to convince people to vote for Brexit solely due to the Turkey EU claim “that is not true”. Ms Mordaunt defended her claim in recent weeks during interviews on LBC and the BBC. DON'T MISS:Starmer mocked for 'economy booster' trip to Berlin [REACTION]'No to single market FOREVER' Starmer completes Brexit U-turn [UPDATE]Fury in Commons at MPs jeer Labour MP after final attack on Boris [WATCH] Despite her unsuccessful campaign to succeed Boris Johnson as Tory leader, she struck a positive tone on Wednesday afternoon. She claimed she would “continue to work hard” for her supporters and said Tory MPs “must all now work together to unify our party”. Ms Mordaunt also had a kind word for her Tory leadership rivals, Mr Sunak and Ms Truss. She said: “I pay tribute to anyone who puts themselves forward for such a demanding role.” She added: “Politics is not easy. It can be a divisive and difficult place. “We must all now work together to unify our party and focus on the job that needs to be done. “I am a One Nation, proud Brexiteer. My campaign put forward a positive vision for the country I love so much, remembering who we are here to serve. “Our mission is not only to deliver on what we promised but to win the fight against Labour at the next general election. I hope to play my part in both.”