Chelsea are set to submit an offer worth a total of £43million for Sporting midfielder Matheus Nunes and the bid could land within ‘the coming hours’ - according to reports in Portugal. The 23-year-old is a man in demand after lighting up last season’s Champions League with his energetic and combative performances in the middle of the park. Nunes earned huge praise from Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola back in February when he was labelled ‘one of the best in the world’ by the Spaniard. Guardiola said: “Sporting are a fantastic team, they are the champions of Portugal, which have a very strong league, with Porto and Benfica, they change the ball well, they have fast and intelligent players. I would say that Matheus Nunes is one of the best players in the world today.” Now Chelsea are looking to capitalise on the lack of concrete offers for the Portuguese international, despite interest from Wolves and Everton. According to A Bola, they will look to offer around £39m for the midfield maestro plus an additional £4m in add-ons. READ MORE: Chelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de Ligt The offer could be enough to get the job done for the Blues in what would represent a statement but left-field signing. Wolves have held extensive negotiations with Sporting but despite tabling a respectable offer, Nunes has doubts over a move to Molineux. Furthermore, Ruben Neves is no longer destined to depart, sparking doubts as to whether the cash is there to spend. Chelsea can offer Nunes the lure of Champions League football as they prepare to go for the jugular under new owner Todd Boehly. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtChelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transferChelsea face make-or-break Raphinha transfer meeting after receiving 'no response' on deal The Blues are starting to show huge ambition under the American, who has already made a shock play for Cristiano Ronaldo following talks with Jorge Mendes. City have also previously looked at signing Nunes but he seems happy to remain at Sporting for the time being. He is currently playing regularly and is in the form of his life ahead of the World Cup in Qatar. Thomas Tuchel wants to start cranking up Chelsea’s pursuit of new signings following a slow start to the transfer market. He is expected to keep Crystal Palace loanee, Conor Gallagher, next term following an excellent stint with the Eagles. That will provide even further competition in the middle of the park in west London and the capture of Nunes would also provide Tuchel with another exciting option. Nunes is a box-to-box midfielder that can affect the game at both ends of the pitch. He scored three goals and assisted twice in 33 Primeira Liga outings last season.