After a sensational return to live performing with her two BST Hyde Park performances this summer, Adele is gearing up for a huge run of shows at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. The previously postponed residency called Weekends With Adele will now kick off on November 18. Weekends With Adele will be 24 rescheduled concerts running from November 18, 2022, to March 25, 2023. In addition, the singer has announced eight more shows for fans to book. On the news, Adele wrote on Instagram: "Words can’t explain how ecstatic I am to finally be able to announce these rescheduled shows. I truly was heartbroken to have to cancel them. But after what feels like an eternity of figuring out logistics for the show that I really want to deliver, and knowing it can happen, I’m more excited than ever! Now I know for some of you it was a horrible decision on my part, and I will always be sorry for that, but I promise you it was the right one. To be with you in such an intimate space every week has been what I’ve most been looking forward to and I’m going to give you the absolute best of me. Thank you for your patience, I love you, Adele." A select amount of tickets are available across all 32 performances, but there are two opportunities to get tickets. READ MORE: Adele weight loss: Singer lost 7st by 'eating more' than she used to Access has been limited to give priority to those fans who held on to their tickets from the original dates or have been registered previously for a waitlist on the Verified Fan Pre-sale. Adele fans who are eligible for this will receive an email invitation from Ticketmaster on Wednesday, August 3. There will be a Refunded Fans Presale on Wednesday, August 10, which is only available for fans who purchased tickets on Ticketmaster.com during the Verified Fan Presale but have since had them refunded. The General Verified Fan Presale will take place on Thursday, August 11 for those who registered and were on the waitlist for the previous Verified Fan Presale. For more information from Ticketmaster, click here.