Arsenal left-back Nuno Tavares is set to be granted his loan move away from the club this summer, with a move to Marseille edging closer. The defender made 22 Premier League appearances last season but the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko means that he has fallen down the pecking order in north London. Express Sport understands that Tavares is close to signing for Ligue 1 side Marseille in a straight loan deal. Atalanta were previously keen to acquire the services of the 22-year-old, but negotiations stalled due to the Gunners’ unwillingness to insert a buyout clause in the deal. Lille, too, also registered their interest in the Portuguese defender but Tavares is thought to be set on heading to the Orange Velodrome. Negotiations accelerated after Marseille president Pablo Longoria travelled to London recently, with reports that he also met with the representatives of William Saliba whilst in England, and hope to be concluded soon. Tavares fell out of favour at Arsenal towards the end of last season despite first-choice left-back Kieran Tierney being sidelined with injury. Midfielder Granit Xhaka was deployed as a makeshift defender in the role by Arteta on occasions, with Tavares warming the bench. READ MORE: Arsenal discover Cody Gakpo transfer price with Edu working on 'mystery winger' signing However, the Gunners’ desire for Tavares’ move away to be only a loan without a buyout clause certainly indicates that the club have faith that he will be a member of the squad in the seasons to come. They will be hoping that the former Benfica star emulates the success of Saliba, who spent last season with Marseille. Arsenal are keen to offload several other stars in the coming weeks, with the likes of Hector Bellerin and Pablo Mari expected to depart on a permanent basis. Speaking about the size of his squad earlier this week, Arteta said: “We have a large squad so we have to make some decisions as well on the players that we’re not going to be using consistently and be fair and straight with them. READ MOREArsenal discover Cody Gakpo transfer price with Edu working on 'mystery winger' signingTaylor's Transfers: Arsenal double exit, Scamacca West Ham medical, Chelsea Broja twistFour Arsenal departures gather pace as Mikel Arteta seeks to finance two signings “That’s a process that is going to start very soon as well. We have to [move players on], we have a big squad and now we have to make things happen.” Arteta has welcomed five new signings to his side this summer, including Manchester City duo Zinchenko and Gabriel Jesus. And the Spaniard is showing no signs of stopping his shopping spree, with the Gunners being heavily linked to Leicester City playmaker Youri Tielemans, who is out of contract at the King Power Stadium next summer.