There are hundreds of protein drinks on the market that promise to help lower body fat or promote weight loss, but not all of them work and they usually taste pretty nasty. Protein powders can become bitty and the texture can put people off altogether. As an avid gym-goer, I regularly use protein powder before and after my workout but I decided to mix it up a bit and tried out Upbeat's new range of clear whey protein isolate drinks. And it's safe to say, I was impressed! Brand new to the market, the little bottles of goodness contain all nine essential amino acids, BCAAs and Vitamin B complex. And not to mention, they taste great. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake There's not many protein/energy drinks you can honestly say are delicious, but these hit the nail on the head. They come in three flavours - tropical, zesty range and mild berry - the latter of which is my favourite. While there is still a subtle hint of product, it soon becomes non-existent once the flavour hits your tongue. Containing 10g of clear whey isolate protein, vitamin B complex, 3000mg BCAA and zero sugar, each drink is only 62 calories - perfect! DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And good news: the range is all lactose and gluten free. My verdict The thing with protein shakes is they're not very refreshing. But I found the juicy flavours of Upbeat's bottles changed the game for me. During my workout, I usually take around 10g of BCAA, mixed with berry flavoured creatine. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim I ditched this powdery mayhem that I can never make without spilling everywhere or tend to forget altogether, and found I had more energy than I did the day before I gave them a go. Experts have found that energy drink can stimulate the release of the feel-good hormone dopamine, especially ones high in caffeine and sugar. But with Upbeat's drinks being completely sugar-free, I can only assume the tasty flavour alone worked a treat. The handy, bag-friendly bottles are just what you need (and certainly what I needed) during my workout.  Upbeat's website states: "with or without caffeine and absolutely zero sugar, they combine all the benefits of protein shakes, vitamin waters and energy drinks to keep you hydrated, energised and boosted, right when you need it". Their mission is to "make protein simple", because who wants be lugging around a bulky protein shaker everywhere you go for a quick protein fix? In short, Upbeat's protein drinks get a 10 from me. Delicious and nutritious, you can't go wrong with a protein drink that gives you the energy you need to get through a sweaty workout. It must be noted that these drinks should not be used as a meal replacement. You should still get high-quality protein from whole foods and only use protein drinks as a boost.