Sony has opened up its next major PS5 update for PlayStation insiders. Currently in the beta testing phase, the imminent update adds a whole host of community requested features, including Gamelists (folders), 1440p video output and the ability to test audio. Available to users in USA, Canada, Japan, UK, Germany and France, fans can register to become a beta tester by visiting the PlayStation website. U.S., Canada, Japan, U.K., Germany and France "Since PS5 launched, we’ve been listening to your feedback and working every day to bring you more community-requested features," Sony explains. "Today, we are rolling out a new PS5 system software beta that includes 1440p support, gamelists, and additional updates to enhance your gaming experiences and make connecting with friends easier on PS5. While beta access is limited to invited participants in select countries*, our goal is to bring these updates to our global community later this year. If you’re selected to participate in the beta, you’ll receive an email invitation when it’s available to download today. While there's a chance not all features will be widely available following testing, it's a pretty good indicator about what fans can expect. Of course, there's no official release date for the final update, but users can expect to see at least some of these features hit the PlayStation 5 later this summer. You can see the full list of patch notes below... New Gameplay and Personalisation Options • 1440p HDMI Video Output - The PS5 beta introduces support for 1440p HDMI video output, enabling players to choose an additional visual setting on compatible PC monitors and TVs.** - If the game you’re playing supports 1440p rendering you can experience native 1440p output on your display. - Or, if you’re playing a game with a higher native resolution like 4K, then you may benefit from improved anti-aliasing through supersampling down to 1440p output. - You can check if your HDMI device is compatible by selecting “Test 1440p Output” under “Screen and Video” options within system settings. • Gamelists - In your Game Library you can now create gamelists, which make organising your games even easier. - To start, go to the [Your Collection] tab and select [Create Gamelist]. Choose games to add to your gamelist, then decide what to name it. - You can have up to 15 gamelists and 100 games per gamelist. - All games under the “Your Collection” tab of your Game Library can be added to a gamelist, including disc, digital and streaming titles. - You can also add the same game to multiple gamelists. • Compare 3D Audio and Stereo Audio - You can now listen to and compare the difference between 3D and stereo audio on the same screen, and then choose your preferred setting. • Easier Access to In-progress Activities - When resuming a game, in-progress activities are often shown prominently at the top of the game hub to make it as easy and as fast as possible to get back to where you left off. New Social Features • Request Share Screen - You can now request party members to start Share Screen to watch their gameplay. - Go to the voice chat card, select the party member you want to send the request to, and then select [Request Share Screen]. • Joinable Game Notification - When you join a party and a party member is playing a game you can join, you’ll now receive a notification. You can join the game directly from the notification. • View New Friends’ Profiles - When you accept a friend request in the [Received] list, you can now view your new friend’s profile in [Accepted Requests]. • Send Stickers and Voice Messages in Game Base - In the Game Base card, you can now send stickers and voice messages to your groups.