 Charlotte Gascoigne was shocked to discover a note on her car that had been placed there by one of her neighbours. The note demanded that she stop parking on the street outside their house.  Roadside parking is not usually reserved for specific residents of a street, so anyone can park in front of anyone's house. This is usually the case, unless exceptions are in place, like marked disabled spaces or double yellow lines. As a result of these unwritten rules, Charlotte Gascoigne has found herself embroiled in a feud with her neighbours over parking. She recently had to park her car outside another set of four houses that are around the corner from her own. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel  Her neighbours left a note on her car demanding she stops parking outside a house that's not her own. But she claims there are four houses and eight parking spaces, so there's "plenty of room" for everyone to park. Charlotte, who posts on TikTok under the username @mummy_gascoigne, shared a picture of the note in her video. It read: "Hi, please can you not park up here as parking is for the houses up here." DON'T MISSEU speed limiters to be introduced today despite driver concerns [INSIGHT]Electric police cars are 'running out of puff' and causing 'problems' [SHOCKING]Supermarket 'fuel price wars' over with no incentive to cut costs [WARNING] READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel  The note featured a smiley face at the bottom, but the mum found the message to be "a little bit rude", as she said the parking isn't private, and she wouldn't have the same reaction if they parked in front of her house. She explained in her video: "I've just come to my car and I've seen this note. When I come home and there's absolutely no parking at all on my street, just at the side of my house there are another four houses with eight parking spaces. “It's not private, it's literally for everyone that lives on this street, not just for those four houses.” In a note back, she explained that she had no choice but to park there since there was no space outside her home.  The note featured a smiley face at the bottom, but the mum found the message to be "a little bit rude", as she said the parking isn't private, and she wouldn't have the same reaction if they parked in front of her house. She explained in her video: "I've just come to my car and I've seen this note. When I come home and there's absolutely no parking at all on my street, just at the side of my house there are another four houses with eight parking spaces. “It's not private, it's literally for everyone that lives on this street, not just for those four houses.” In a note back, she explained that she had no choice but to park there since there was no space outside her home.  Commenters on the video were quick to defend the mum, with many saying that unless the spaces are allocated - which Charlotte insists they are not - then she is able to park wherever she likes. One person wrote: "Don’t take this note to heart, people get so protective over road spaces. I think if they want a particular space - buy a house with a drive!" While another added: "Oh my god, why are people like this? You did so well to be so polite, I’d have been raging." And a third said: "Unless the space is allocated to their property then they have no say who parks there … but I suppose they did say please." Clarifying the parking space situation, Charlotte responded in the comments: "We don't have allocated spaces, I've been told this by the council."