Type 2 diabetes means your pancreas does not produce sufficient insulin or the insulin it does produce is not taken up by the cells. This wouldn't be a problem if insulin was not responsible for regulating blood sugar levels. Stripped of insulin, blood sugar levels can rise to dangerous levels, which in turn causes a cascade of problems. Fortunately, diet provides a means of regulating blood sugar levels. Certain foods slow the rise of blood sugar levels in response to eating, which helps to keep levels stable. According to research published in the Journal of Nutritional Science, beetroot juice is among the winning items. The study sought to measure the postprandial glucose elicited by either 225 ml beetroot juice (BEET), a control beverage matched for macronutrient content or a glucose beverage in healthy adults. READ MORE: Diabetes: The yellow drink that 'significantly' improves blood sugar levels within hours Postprandial blood sugar is a measurement of the glucose (blood sugar) concentration in your bloodstream in the period up to four hours after eating a meal. Postprandial finger-prick blood samples were taken at five, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 and 150 minutes over the course of the study to measure blood sugar levels in each group. A total of sixteen healthy individuals were recruited for the study. Results showed a "significantly lower glucose response" within the first 30 minutes in the beetroot juice group compared to the control control group. DON'T MISSVitamin B12 deficiency: The sign when waking up [TIPS]Covid: The 'top' sign to spot in the UK right now [ADVICE]Marilyn Monroe: Star's invisible health condition [INSIGHT The researchers posited that the "major components" found in beetroot juice, such as betalains, may account for the impact on blood sugar levels. Cutting down on carbohydrates can deal a decisive blow to high blood sugar levels. That's because carbs are broken down quickly by your body and cause a rapid increase in blood glucose. Not all carbs are created equal: some have a more pronounced effect than others. READ MORE: Diabetes: The tasty drink that can lower blood sugar levels in ‘minutes’ - ‘Significant’  The worst offenders rank high on the glycaemic index (GI) - a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own. Foods with a high GI include: Low or medium GI foods are broken down more slowly and cause a gradual rise in blood sugar levels over time. These include some fruit and vegetables, pulses and whole grain foods, such as porridge oats. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms include: See a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes, advises the NHS.