The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a lucrative deal with the streaming giant but have so far failed to release anything. Despite the delay, royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti said the project will be “disappointing” and Netflix should “reconsider the whole idea”. Mr Sacerdoti said people will watch the series only to see events we have already observed rather than to discover anything new about the royals.   He continued: “With Netflix losing subscribers as fast as it is, perhaps they might reconsider the whole idea of making and broadcasting the Meghan and Harry programme after all. “After all, we know what’s been going on in their lives because they’ve hardly been low-key about all of it. “It’ll be like the official version of history according to the couple, so will probably be tweaked and edited to present their preferred version of events. “Everything we’re seeing now in the run-up to it feels like a behind-the-scenes film before the main show even happens.”   READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ‘got very lucky’ with Netflix deal - 'Would be near impossible today'  The couple were already facing backlash for failing to produce content before Meghan’s animated series Pearl has already been scrapped by the streaming service. Now Netflix is reportedly pushing for the couples docuseries to air around the same time as The Crown season five but is yet to give an exact date. A source told Page Six that the streaming service fears being “scooped” by Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir. Executives at Netflix “knew the book was coming out, which is why they wanted the series this year,” the source said. “They don’t want to hold off any longer.” Harry’s memoir is yet to have a release date after failing to appear on upcoming releases from publisher Penguin Random House. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ‘got very lucky’ with Netflix deal - 'Would be near impossible today'  Mr Sacerdoti said the book is “possibly more interesting than the Netflix programme” after Harry previously said it will be “accurate and wholly truthful”. He added: “Obviously we don’t yet know what will be in the book. But the Oprah interview showed that the couple aren’t afraid to make bold and serious allegations against the royal family, and there have been other things they’ve said which might have upset the family too.” Another book causing problems for the couple is the latest tell-all book titled ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, by investigative reporter Tom Bower. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry 'panicking' over new memoir which 'will upset certain Royal Family members'Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' he will spark 'war' with FirmWilliam 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps as Duke 'wants to break out of royal bubble'   Mr Bower looked into the former actress from childhood to her new life in California with the Duke of Sussex. Neither Harry of Meghan have publicly spoken about the book and last week failed to respond to a question about the possible impact the book could have on his relationship with the rest of the Royal Family. As the couple arrived at the United Nations headquarters in New York Voice of America's journalist Margaret Besheer "Prince Harry, are you worried that Tom Bower's new book is gonna widen your rift with the Royal Family?" In a video shared on Twitter, the Duke and Duchess appeared to only briefly glance at the reporter. 