John West has recalled the John West Boneless Sardines in Sunflower Oil and John West Sardines in Olive Oil because of health fears as they may contain microbiological contamination and could be unsafe to eat. These products are sold in most UK supermarkets. John West boneless Sardines in sunflower oil Pack size: 95g Batch code: 109, 110, 111, 112, 113 Best before: December 2026 READ MORE: Kate Middleton's skincare - including diet  John West Sardines in olive oil Pack size: 120g Batch code: 109, 110, 111, 112, 113 Best before: December 2026  Since the recall was issued, point of sale notices have been displayed in all supermarkets that sell John West products. Popular retailers including Tesco, Morrisons and Asda, sell the tinned sardines but have now removed the affected items from their shelves. The Food Standards Agency explained: "If you have bought either of the above products do not eat them. "Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund." READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Customers can return the products for a full return with or without a receipt. John West said: "If you have bought John West Boneless Sardines 95g in Sunflower Oil or John West Sardines in Olive Oil 120g as detailed above, do not eat them." If shoppers have any questions or concerns, they can contact consumercontact@john-west.com. The Food Standards Agency states on its website that a recalled product is when "customers are asked to return the product" because "there is a problem with it that means it should not be sold". "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled'." They explained: "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. "This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers."