It is tempting to think both the Tories’ and the country’s problems will be fixed once Johnson is gone. Fair enough. Clearly, he has lost the faith of many big beasts within the party, making it many times harder to convince the country to keep him on as PM. Perhaps it would be better if he was given the boot. But while it is often said that the Tory Party is bigger than Boris Johnson, and so is the UK, it is also true that the Tory Party’s and the country’s problems are also bigger than him. Frankly, to get the top job now would be a poisoned chalice. Some of that is Boris Johnson’s fault, some of it external factors – from COVID-19 to Ukraine (which, even critics grudgingly admit he has handled impressively). On Brexit, he is more of an opinion-splitter. For most Remainers, he is the face of the whole thing. For many Leavers, he was only ever a half-hearted and opportunistic Brexiteer, who left Northern Ireland in the EU’s pull. When any leader has been around for a while, the public imagine a fresh pair of hands will switch the sun on again – whether Major after Thatcher, Brown after Blair, or May after Cameron. It rarely works out that way. Generally, the things that held back, dragged down or were too big for the outgoing boss will do or be the same for the incoming one. The UK finds itself with a housing crisis due to a chronic lack of homes. Will any major politician fix this, let alone one from the Conservative Party which believes its major vote base relies on ever-increasing house prices? On the economic front the UK has had years of low productivity, deindustrialisation, and a failure to turn its innovative ideas into commercially viable ventures. Who would fix that? Really? On Brexit, who would grab the opportunities in terms of the economy (think less red tape) or foreign affairs (think the Commonwealth)? And what about the bugbears of Tory voters: illegal immigration and ‘wokery’?   There may then be a more chilling truth that the problems go beyond Johnson to his party and even the country. The truth may be that short of a serious jolt like war the UK is circling into slow and steady decline. The political system is fundamentally anti-democratic, for one, shutting down voices on the conservative right (Reform UK, and before that UKIP and the Brexit Party), and the liberal left (Lib Dems and Greens). If a major event like COVID did not fundamentally course correct the UK (and other Western countries, to some extent) then what exactly will? By all means throw Johnson out, but he is more likely the symptom of a problem than the cause of it. Most in the parliamentary Conservative Party backed him until now – did it really take them this long to figure him out? No, more likely many now see him as an electoral liability, and there is the problem. So long as the Tories are fixated with winning elections, they are unlikely to focus on what to do once they actually get there. The party has had 10 years and three Prime Ministers to fix the UK. It hasn’t. Labour (or more likely a Lib-Lab coalition) would hardly do much better. Unless and until the country faces the reality of where things stand, no new leader is going to be able to turn the ship around. Ignore the nonsense about the UK being fixed if the ‘style of government’ changes. The UK will only change if its fundamental substructure is fixed. 