The blaze ignited on Sunday in Venta del Moro, just west of the city of Valencia and bordering the Cuenca province. A number of helicopters, aircraft, and fire brigades were dispatched to the scene by the Ministry for Ecological Transition. Multiple units were then joined by the military, including soldiers using Cougar helicopters. The efforts of the firefighting teams paid off on Monday, as they managed to extinguish the blaze thought to have been triggered by a lightning strike. However, the State Meteorological Agency then reported a change in wind direction that spread the flames and undid the efforts of emergency services. Ximo Puig, president of the Valencian government, took to Twitter to send a message of gratitude to those tackling the blaze, which the authorities were monitoring “with concern”. He wrote: “We are following with concern the spread of the Venta del Moro fire and we hope that the weather conditions allow it to be extinguished as soon as possible. “Thanks to all the troops for their great work in trying to control the fire.” One social media user, @javier_carcel, described the fire as the “lungs of Valencia burning”, whereas @manueelviana described how the images brought tears to their eyes. This comes after wildfires ripped through various regions of Spain in June, fuelled by one of the country’s earliest heatwaves to date. READ MORE: 'Simply no evidence!' Donald Trump 'absurd' January 6 legal threats One fire devoured 25,000 hectares of the Sierra de la Culebra mountain range in northwest Spain, which is home to one of the continent’s largest populations of wolves. Emergency services called the fire a “real monster” after over 600 firefighters attempted to extinguish the blaze. Environmentalist Sergi Garcia called the devastation wrought by the inferno “really worrying”. He told The Guardian: “This is a singular area, home to some of the richest biodiversity in Europe. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Horror as Putin official found in 'pool of blood' [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Should a second referendum be made illegal? [VOTE] Petrol prices MAPPED: Where in the UK you’ll get the best value [MAP] “And it’s been affected by a devastating fire of brutal proportions.” He added: “If this had happened in the summer, maybe the pups would have been able to flee. “But right now they’re very young.” The heatwave, with temperatures exceeding 40C, saw the damage highlighted across the Zamora region, where the mountain range is located. It is believed the lack of rain throughout the year and the presence of gusty winds generated the conditions for wildfires to spread quickly in affected regions. Comparable temperatures are typically felt later in the summer in Spain, with the soaring mercury linked by some experts to climate change.