Nick Kyrgios has stayed tight-lipped about his impending court appearance. It was announced on Tuesday that the Australian tennis star would be facing a court in Canberra next month following allegations he assaulted a former girlfriend late last year. Speaking in his post-match press conference following his Wimbledon quarter-final win against Cristian Garin on Wednesday, Kyrgios was asked whether he had any comment on the developing situation. But he simply responded: "I have a lot of thoughts and things I want to say about the matter but I've been advised by my lawyers not to speak about it. I can't tell you much right now. "Didn't really affect me at all, to be honest with you. Obviously seeing it -- I'm only human. Obviously I read about it and obviously everyone else was asking questions. It was hard. It was hard to kind of just focus on kind of the mission at hand. It was quarter-finals of Wimbledon today. I know deep down that's what I was prepared for." When pressed again later on about the issue, he added: "I understand you want me to give you the answers but I can't speak more on the issue. I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I can't." Kyrgios came through in three sets against Garin in a convincing 6-4, 6-3, 7-6 (7-5) victory on Court One. And speaking to on-court reporters following the match, he revealed just how much it meant to him to make it to a first-ever Grand Slam semi-final. "It was an amazing atmosphere here again," he said. "I never thought I'd be at a semi-final - I thought my ship had sailed. I may have wasted things at the start of my career but I'm really proud of the way me and my team have come back out here. "I don't have a coach... I would never put that burden on someone! But each and every one of my team play an important role. I thought I was on the backfoot a lot. But I'll take it and prepare for my next match." Kyrgios will now face either Rafael Nadal in the final four. An injured Spaniard came out on top after battling through fitness problems to win a five-set Centre Court epic. In the other semi-final on Friday, Brit Cameron Norrie will face reigning champion Novak Djokovic.