In a new twist, Frenkie de Jong has jetted out to the United States with the rest of the Barcelona squad for their pre-season tour. However, that could only add to the drama. And it’s possible Manchester United’s potential announcement for the midfielder will now be even more blockbuster as a result. Previously, there had been suggestions Barcelona wouldn’t be including De Jong on their pre-season tour of America. However, while Xavi has opted to leave the likes of Samuel Umtiti and Neto, Martin Braithwaite, Riqui Puig and Oscar Mingueza at home, the Netherlands international has now travelled. It is the latest development in a saga that has dragged on for far too long, now. But it’s certainly possible that it will make De Jong’s potential move to United all the more thrilling if it goes ahead. Now, fans will be watching with great interest. Every clip Barcelona post from America will see supporters scour the footage for information on De Jong and whether he’s there or not, as is usually the case with such high-profile speculation. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings It will only add to the excitement that, seemingly, only transfer windows and pursuits can provide. Then, if De Jong is nowhere to be seen, flights will be tracked all the way from America to Manchester. This has become commonplace on social media, with fans regularly theorising about whether their club’s targets are jetting off for pastures new. Take Cristiano Ronaldo last summer, for example. When footage did the rounds showing the Portugal international getting on a private jet in Italy, it sent the footballing world into overdrive. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Everybody wanted to know where he was going and, after previously being linked to Manchester City, he sealed a Hollywood homecoming to United instead. That only added to the hype around his future, especially given how he’d formerly looked set to do the unthinkable by moving to the Etihad Stadium. With De Gea, it’s possible similar scenes will unfold in the coming days or even weeks ahead. And United could even maximise the drama by using a private aircraft to fly the Barcelona star over, providing he finally accepts their offer to join. David Moyes confirmed United had a chopper waiting for Gareth Bale back in 2013, revealing two years ago: “Gareth Bale was probably the first name I thought of when I got the job. I thought Gareth Bale was a Manchester United player. He was the right type. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I wanted Gareth Bale to be my first signing at Manchester United. But it was already down the road a bit with Real Madrid. I tried to hijack it. I tried to get him. “Manchester United offered more money than Real Madrid. They offered more money to the player. “We did everything we could to try and get the player. We even had a helicopter at the training ground to take him and bring him back. We thought we had a chance. “But he chose Real Madrid and he made a brilliant decision because he went on to win four Champions Leagues. He’s had a brilliant career.” With United needing a morale lift in January 2014, United then flew in Juan Mata. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The sight of the Spaniard arriving via helicopter raised spirits, getting pulses racing in the process. And with De Jong now destined to be in America for the foreseeable future, it’s feasible a repeat will take place involving a plane. How United would love to show their top transfer target touching down in a manner befitting of a Hollywood movie. And the latest twist will only increase excitement if, and when, a deal for the Netherlands international eventually gets done. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here