Jeremy Hunt and Nadhim Zahawi were kicked out of the contest after failing to win enough support from their colleagues. Candidates needed the backing of at least 30 Tory MPs in order to remain in the contest. However, Mr Hunt had the backing of just 18, while Mr Zahawi was voted for by 25 MPs. The result is a huge blow to Mr Hunt, who is thought to have been planning his leadership bid for months. He made it down to the final two candidates in 2019 when he lost the contest to the incumbent of No10. In a statement reacting to the result, Mr Hunt said: "I want to thank my incredible team of loyal and talented supporters who put their faith in me. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG "It’s become obvious to me you only get one big shot at this, and I had mine in 2019. "Nevertheless, it’s clear that our party has an exciting future, with the amazing array of talent on offer in this contest, and I feel confident that we are on track to win back trust." Mr Zahawi said he was "grateful for the support of colleagues" and that he wished "all the candidates in the leadership contest the very best of luck". It leaves Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Penny Mordaunt, Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch and Suella Braverman still in the running to replace Boris Johnson. The first round of voting in the contest among Tory MPs opened at 1.30pm this afternoon, with parliamentarians given two hours to cast their ballot. Mr Sunak led the field, receiving the backing of 88 Conservative MPs. Tory candidates' key policies: what are they promising? Mr Sunak is thought to be almost guaranteed a place in the final run-off, with an exclusive poll by Techne UK for Express.co.uk suggesting he is the firm favourite to become Prime Minister among the British public. The former Chancellor was nine points ahead of his nearest rivals Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and trade minister Penny Mordaunt. He received support from 20 percent of the general public, compared to their 11 percent each. Ms Truss, who has not given any speeches or conducted any media interviews since announcing her leadership bid, received the back of 50 MPs in tongiht's vote. Ms Mordaunt was voted for by 67 of her colleagues after she officially launched her campaign this morning promising a return to the traditional Conservative values of "low tax, small state and personal responsibility".  Brandishing her Brexiteer credentials, Ms Mordaunt told a packed room in Westminster: "If we do not win the next general election, all those opportunities and the vision that the British people have from us leaving the European Union will not be realised. "We must win that election. I am your best shot at winning that election. I am the candidate that Labour fears the most. And they are right to." Refusing to be drawn into the war of words between candidates, she added: "I am not going to talk about other candidates. They can set out their stall." DON'T MISS:Brexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their banner [ANALYSIS]'Huffy' Sunak storms out of high-stakes ERG meeting [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Truss vs Rishi - who would YOU back as leader [GET INVOLVED]  Claims have been hurled by rival camps at one another as the candidates in the race jostle to win support from their colleagues. Blue-on-blue fighting has broken out despite those in the running to be the next Conservative leader publicly saying they despise mudslinging. Mr Tugendhat this morning lashed out at Mr Sunak's failure to guarantee an increase in defence spending if in No10. He said this morning: “Putin’s barbaric invasion of Ukraine shows we face the most severe national security threats of a generation. “A sudden u-turn on defence spending would undermine our credibility in NATO.” Mr Tugendhat, who is chair of the foreign affairs select committee, wants defence spending to be ramped up to three percent. Meanwhile, Brexit Opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries stunned many of their colleagues last night after launching into a full-blown assault on the frontrunner, Rishi Sunak. The loyalists to Mr Johnson announced they were backing Foreign Secretary Liz Truss in a bid to keep Mr Sunak out of office. Mr Rees-Mogg blasted the Richmond MP for raising taxes to "socialist" levels and "squandering" the Conservative party’s reputation on the economy.  Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries accused the former Chancellor's team of "dirty tricks" after claims that one of his supporters - ex-chief whip Gavin Williamson - had been trying to "syphon off" votes for Mr Hunt so he would make it to the final run-off with Mr Sunak. A source close to the frontrunner denied the claims. Mr Hunt hit back at the claims last night, warning it was a "very dangerous game to play" to start levelling unfounded allegations against each other. However, the results of tonight's ballot will do little to quell the rumours. MPs required the support of 20 Tories in order to end up on the ballot paper, but having received enough backing yesterday, Mr Hunt secured just 18 votes tonight.  When Mr Sunak gave the first speech of his leadership campaign yesterday he vowed to run a "positive campaign" and said he would not "engage in the negativity you have seen and read in the media". He also defended Mr Johnson saying that while he was "flawed", he had a "good heart". Speaking about the Prime Minister, whose downfall was partially triggered by Mr Sunak's resignation, the leadership candidate said: "I will have no part in a rewriting of history that seeks to demonise Boris, exaggerate his faults or deny his efforts." Tory MPs need to whittle down the crowded field of leadership hopefuls to just two finalists who will then be put to a vote of the wider party membership. The next vote between the six remaining candidates will take place in Parliament tomorrow afternoon. A new leader and Prime Minister is set to be appointed on September 5.