Yellowstone season five is coming to The Paramount Network on November 13 and fans are keen to find out what is in store for Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley). He found himself in trouble with his sister Beth (Kelly Reilly) at the end of the fourth season. But he may have even bigger problems on his plate in the new episodes.  Yellowstone fans will remember Jamie's relationship with his campaign manager, Christina (Katherine Cunningham) in season one. The pair formed a romance while Jamie was taking part in the race to become the next Montana Attorney General. She did not take kindly to his relationship with his father John (Kevin Costner) and it caused a rift between them. After they split up, Christina revealed she was pregnant and she gave him an ultimatum. At first, Jamie chose to stay with John, until he found out about his biological father. READ MORE: Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? Christina gave Jamie the chance to meet his son, but he may not be playing happy families any time soon. Fans have suggested Jamie's family could find out about his son and react badly, with some even suggesting it could result in Christina's death. Taking to Reddit, Dobes_24 said: "I think John will find out about Jamie's son. Christina will still not approve of Jamie going back to John Dutton. "She'll attempt to keep his son from him because of John and that will force Jamie to get rid of her. "Christina will be a woman taken to the Train Station. This will make Jamie be as bad as Garrett, or maybe worse because Christina is no addict endangering the boy, for killing the mother of his son. "But Jamie will get away with it because of John's approval. This will give John another chance at having a grandson." Christina is not the only one who has taken her child away from the Dutton family. At first, Monica (Kelsey Asbille) was reluctant to let Tate (Brecken Merrill) anywhere near John. It seems reasonable that Christina would try and stop Jamie from being a part of his son's life. However, AStoryGood added: "I'm pretty certain that in season five, John and the rest of the Dutton family will find out about Jamie's son, either all at once or gradually. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser praises wife for behind-the-scenes support [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY] Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on Rip and Lloyd fight [INTERVIEW] "I also feel that Christina will leave and take their son because Jamie goes back to John (looking forward to finding out his name), but I don't think Jamie will try to kill her. "Given all that's happened to him, I don't think he'll have it in him to kill the mother of his son, or he'll probably think it's best that his son gets away from the Duttons, especially Beth, if he can't." The fan went on to suggest that Jamie's love for his son will be the thing that saves him from the darkness he has found himself in. The fan added: "I strongly feel that if Jamie's son is written out of the show, it'll be a terrible waste of a plot line. "What would've been the point of introducing him only to just send him off? "Therefore, I'm more inclined to think that after [Christina] leaves, there will be a period without any word from either, but then Jamie will hear that Christina has died in something like a car accident, and probably by default (her having no relatives, will, etc.), he will become his son's sole guardian. "John, I agree, will be happy to have another grandson, and it'll be interesting to see how Beth reacts to the news." Other fans believe Christina will die, but it will not be on screen. AmericanWanderlust said: "I do think the little boy will come back into the picture at some stage. "Perhaps Christina dies offscreen. But that's about it. "I don't foresee the show killing her onscreen, and I really don't think Jamie is going to die and Beth and Rip are going to live and raise the kid. "That would be...surprising (Rip is for sure kicking the bucket by the end of the show - look at his name for god's sake). "And as someone else noted, I think the little boy is the only thing keeping Jamie alive at this stage." Fans will have to see whether Christina and her son return, and what will happen to Jamie's boy.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network from November 13.