Prime Day ends at midnight tonight, which means you've only got a few hours left to snag some of the best bargains available in this blockbuster sale. For those who don't know, Prime Day is an annual sales event that sees discounts across every department on Amazon. Think of it like Black Friday, but in the middle of a heatwave. With thousands of items included in the Prime Day sale, not every single one is a must-buy. Many of the deals are simply price-matching discounts we've previously seen on Amazon, while some are actually more expensive than previous price cuts. But amongst the pages and pages of deals, there are genuine gems that hit record-low prices that are definitely worth your time. We've spent the last 24 hours trawling through endless Prime Day deals, hunting for the best deals like a price-conscious truffle pig. Scroll down to find the seven Prime Day deals that you really cannot afford to miss. As always, you'll need to be an Amazon Prime member to take advantage of these discounts. If you're not already signed up for the £79 per year scheme, you can take out a 30-day free trial to access all of the deals. If you cancel before the end of the trial period, you won't be charged a penny. You'll also benefit from the other perks of Prime membership, including next-day delivery on thousands of items, streaming boxsets and blockbusters via Prime Video, two million tracks to stream via Prime Music, unlimited cloud backup for all photos, free games to download and keep on your PC, and more. Even if you've tried Amazon Prime before, it's worth checking whether your account is eligible again (Amazon reopens free trials every 12 months or so). Struggling to sort through the dizzying number of deals included in the Prime Day sale? Unsure whether the deal you're considering is really the best price? We've got you covered. Below are our top picks from the Prime Day sales – and you can't afford to miss some of these discounts! Prime Day shoppers can secure award-winning Cosori Air Fryer for a record low price of just £79.99. This air fryer from Cosori, which secured a Red Dot design award for its sleek modern hardware, arrives with its 'Air Whisper' technology that reduces the noise of cooking inside the machine, so you won't need to turn up the radio when you're preparing dinner. Despite the compact footprint, this Californian brand has managed to include room for 4.7-litres inside this air fryer. That should be more than enough to cook for four people – with space for an entire chicken inside the drawer, the kitchenware brand says. If you're new to air fryers, you'll be pleased to know that a recipe book with 30 recipes is included in the box as well as a companion app for your smartphone and tablet, which is home to hundreds of recipes to take advantage of your new kitchen gadget. Air Fryers are seeing a surge in popularity due to the small amount of electricity they use, compared to cooking the same meals in full-sized ovens. With the price of gas set to rise again later this year, cooking evening meals with these clever kitchen gadgets could save you a small fortune in the coming months. Air flyers also use around 90 percent less oil, compared with a traditional fryer ...so it's a healthier way to crisp-up chips, chicken, and onion rings at home too. We really weren't expecting to see a discount on the Microsoft Surface Pro 8 this Prime Day as it's the latest model of the critically-acclaimed two-in-one gadget. Surface Pro 8 can be used as a tablet or you can fold out the kickstand, attach a keyboard and get some real work done. Surface Pro 8 runs the full-featured version of Windows 11 and can handle any desktop applications, from Excel to Photoshop. Usually priced at £1,099, you can currently bag the Surface Pro 8 for a ludicrously low £683. The discounted model arrives with an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a super-speedy 256GB solid-state hard drive. It has a 13-inch touchscreen display with a slick 120Hz refresh rate. The Surface Pro 8 comes fitted with Thunderbolt 4 ports capable of powering multiple external 4K monitors – making this the perfect device to watch movies on a long-haul flight, work on the commute, and replace your desktop PC with an external display at home. And it's now more affordable than ever before. We haven't seen an AirPods Pro discount quite like this since Black Friday. If you missed out on the saving last year, Prime Day is the perfect chance to save on the best-selling earbuds. Discounts on Apple gadgets are few and far between. If you visit an Apple Store today, AirPods Pro will still set you back £239 – the same price as when they first launched. As such, Amazon Prime members shouldn't sleep on the chance to buy these popular 'buds for just £179. Amazon also offers payment plans for those who don't want to splash out £179 today, with prices starting from just £60.75 in three payments. AirPods Pro offer active noise-cancellation to erase any background noise that might be ruining your playlist, audiobook or podcast. These premium 'buds also support Spatial Audio, which creates a surround sound-like experience when listening to certain tracks from Apple Music or watching some of the biggest streaming shows, including the latest season of Stranger Things on Netflix. Each earbud has a 4.5-hour battery life, but the carry case means you'll be able to listen for 24 hours before hunting for a plug. We've never seen a price cut quite like this Fire TV Stick Lite deal, which has dropped the £29.99 price tag down to a ludicrously low £12.99. That's a whopping 57% discount – comfortably beating the record set on Black Friday last year. For those who don't know, the Fire TV Stick Lite plugs directly into the HDMI port at the back of your telly, bringing the biggest streaming platforms, games, and apps to the big screen. It also arrives with access to Alexa directly from the remote control, so you can ask the chatty AI assistant to dim any smart lightbulbs in your home, adjust an internet-connect thermostat, check live footage from a Ring video doorbell, get the latest forecast and much, much more. Fire TV Lite maxes out at 1080p High Definition streaming quality and does not offer universal volume controls (so you'll need to keep your telly remote on hand to adjust the sound) but if you can live with those compromises – this is a ludicrously low price for a brilliant gadget that brings the best streaming services to any television in your home. Fire TV supports Disney+, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, BritBox, Paramount+, and Prime Video, to name a few. Samsung's stellar The Frame TV has seen its price slashed by £230 during the Prime Day sales – dropping down to just £369. If you're looking to upgrade to a new telly in the Prime Day sales, you can't go wrong with this deal. While it might not be the latest iteration of The Frame (the model included in the sale was first launched back in 2020), the generous discount more than makes up for it. For those who don't know, The Frame is designed to avoid becoming an unsightly black rectangle when it's not in use. The Frame can display famous artwork on-screen when you're not watching so that it's almost indistinguishable from a painting on the wall, or a treasured family photograph. The border around the 4K QLED panel is designed to look like the frame around a painting and Samsung has designed a svelte wall-mount (included in the box) that allows the telly to sit flush with the wall. The Frame arrives with Alexa and Google Assistant preinstalled, so it will work seamlessly with any smart home gadgets, including video doorbells, smart lightbulbs and thermostats. The biggest streaming apps – like Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video, Apple TV+, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, All4 – are included out-of-the-box, so there's no need to buy a streaming dongle, like the Fire TV. Apple Watch SE has dropped to its lowest ever price – plummeting from £269 down to just £189. That easily beats the previous record low of £217. Better yet, if you don't want to spend £189 outright, Amazon does offer a payment plan on Apple Watch SE which costs £17.58 per month. For those who don't know, the Apple Watch SE brings notifications from your iPhone to your wrist – allowing you to check WhatsApp text messages, answer incoming calls, and follow turn-by-turn directions from Google Maps without taking your smartphone out of your pocket or bag, to name a few. Apple Watch SE also supports contactless payments so you can tap-to-pay at checkout and fall detection, which will alert friends and family if you take a tumble. The £189 model includes built-in GPS to track your walks and runs outdoors, although you can pay extra to upgrade to a model with 4G so you can answer calls and send text messages even if you've left your iPhone at home. Watch SE will also be updated to the latest version of watchOS later this year, bringing a number of new watch faces and workout tracking features – so this Apple Watch is only set to get better in the coming months! There's never been a better time to buy an Amazon Echo Dot. This Alexa-powered smart speaker has dropped to its lowest ever price during the Prime Day sales, plummeting from its usual price tag of £49.99 down to just £19.99. While it's true that deals on the Echo Dot range aren't all that unusual, we've never seen a price tag as low as this. The previous record was £24.99. The fourth-generation Echo Dot (the latest iteration) sports a spherical design and dramatically improved speakers to boost sound quality, which makes it the perfect choice for anyone hoping to use the smart speaker to listen to their favourite playlists, radio stations, audiobooks, or podcasts. Of course, the biggest selling point of an Echo Dot is the access to chatty AI helper, Alexa. With a quick voice command, your new Echo Dot can dim smart lightbulbs, set reminders, check the status of any Amazon orders, call friends and family with Echo speakers, find out the latest forecast and headlines, and more. All Echo Dot models include a 3.5mm port too, so you can connect the AI assistant to an existing sound system – upgrading it with voice control and multi-room support. MORE LIKE THIS