The Radio 4 host read out a question which was submitted by a listener asking if the name given to the Women’s football team of ‘Lionesses’ is sexist. Such comments caused a backlash on social media with the majority of fans mocking such suggestions and reminding the host of the number of young girls in particular who are being inspired by the Lionesses historic football performance. Following the Lionesses thrilling win against Sweden on Tuesday, where England mauled Sweden 4-0, a video of eight-year-old Tess, an England fan at the match went viral. The excitable fan was dressed in an England kit clutching a scarf in her hand with an England flag on her cheek as she danced to Sweet Caroline. The young girl told a reporter: “I want to be a footballer when I grow up.” Championing a women’s football team whose nickname embodies female power and pack or team mentality through the image of a pride of lionesses is empowering to women and girls not demeaning in a sexist way. Ms Barnett asked Anita Asante: “Do you like the term ‘Lionesses’? Why not ‘Lions’, why do we have to call them ‘Lionesses’?” The footballer laughed and replied that it was “one of those things” adding: “We gendify everything, don’t we? “But to be fair, it’s been a great branding tool for the national team and a way for fans to relate and connect with this group of players.” On the Radio show, Coronation Street actress Dame Maureen, 76, objected to the idea of a name change saying: “The Lions are a male rugby team” and noted the positive aspects of a “pride of lionesses”. People also took to social media to mock the suggestion with Twitter user @alicatte007 tweeting: “Of course it’s not sexist to call them lionesses. They are all women. None have balls and a penis, like lions…” User @nintendoubt815 contributed to the discussion saying: “Literally arguing with someone who seems to think it’s sexist to refer to the England women’s team as the Lionesses. READ MORE: United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to US makes emergency landing “Even though it’s literally the twitter handle and has featured on the shirt it’s like saying West Ham shouldn’t be referred to as the Hammers.” Another added: “Men players are Lions; female players are Lionesses. Simple.” For many, the idea of changing the name from one of female empowerment to hide behind a more ‘masculine’ term is in itself sexist. In doing so, it is also contributing to the fatigue felt by many with those who identify as feminists and nit-pick on such ideas which attempt to re-write femininity into a negative connotation. DON'T MISS: Next Prime Minister LIVE: Truss and Sunak handed lifeline - new poll (POLL)Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de... (LIVE)EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity (REVEAL) Commenting on the power and influence of the Lionesses, journalist Janet Street-Porter wrote in the Daily Mail: “There’s no doubt that the Lionesses have become huge stars in the process, role models for the young girls all over the country.” Tuesday’s match brought in historic viewing figures for the Women’s football tournament with 11.3 million people tuning in to watch the Lionesses claim victory. It is hoped that the final at Wembley Stadium on Sunday where the Lionesses will go head-to-head with Germany will see record viewing figures once again and see England’s women win their first major tournament.