Stomach cancer, also known as gastric cancer, is caused by the uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells that form in the inner lining of the stomach. Because the condition's signs can be so vague and ill-defined, it can take months to get a referral from a GP. One sign on the skin has been associated with the early stages of the disease. The first signs of gastric cancer tend to include poor appetite, weight loss, abdominal pain, discomfort in the abdomen and feeling full eating a small meal. Occasionally, the condition may manifest cutaneously, causing the eruption of a rash on the face, known as Papuloerythroderma. A report published in the Chinese Journal of Cancer research states: “Its typical manifestations are diffuse flushing papules, infiltrations, swelling and desquamation in almost all our body, especially in the face and the creases. “Besides the skin, it may also invade the mucus, the skin appendages, the lymph nodes." READ MORE: Bowel cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' pain that could be a warning It is characterised by the composition of dense paving stone shape papules on the abdominal wall. Harvard Health explains: “Stomach cancer, also called gastric cancer, is the uncontrolled growth of atonal cells that form the inner lining of the stomach. “The disease often does not cause symptoms until its later stage. Usually, by the time stomach cancer is diagnosed, the prognosis is poor. The majority of people diagnosed with the disease tend to be aged over 60, as the disease rarely occurs before the age of 50. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The vegetable that may increase your risk by 50% Risk factors for the condition include a diet high in smoked, salted, or pickled foods, a history of persistent stomach irritation, previous stomach surgery, or a genetic predisposition to the disease. “Eating plenty of fruit and vegetables may reduce the risk of stomach cancer,” says Harvard Health. Limiting the amount of alcohol and avoiding tomato products are equally important for the prevention of all cancer.