Toni Raurich, the director of the booking platform eBooking.com, shared some of the most unusual places to hide valuables in the hotel room. Toni explained "leaving valuables in the hotel is not always the safest option, especially if the hotel is of a very low category". "For this reason, it is highly recommended to hide things inside the room itself, with the aim of not leaving all our money in sight or things of value," he said. The travel expert, however, said there are many "surprising places to hide valuables in a hotel room when you travel" abroad, such as "a shampoo bottle". Toni explained: "One of the most common travel tips is to hide money or jewellery in an empty shampoo bottle. READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks "In the same way, inside the suitcase itself, you can have hidden pockets where it is possible to hide larger objects." The travel expert recommended another of "the most classic options": under the mattress. However, holidaymakers should only place the documents or money here, or whatever is not fragile, and "preferably in the middle of the mattress". This is "so that it cannot be found quickly when lifting the corner of it".  Toni explained another method is to do the opposite and "cheat on sight". That is leaving the documents or money in something that is in plain sight, "such as inside a newspaper or a book, or inside a box of tissues of paper". Toni added: "These can also be kept in an envelope and taped to the bottom of a drawer or chair. "Likewise, it is advisable that the money is distributed in different hiding places, to avoid everything being in the same place," he recommended. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Jonathan Wall, SimpliSafe’s General Manager, also shared some tips to "stay safe in your hotel room". He stressed the importance of staying in a hotel that has CCTV installed, as "this will give you added peace of mind, helping you switch off and enjoy your time away". "When you’re out and about, away from your hotel room, always leave the television on and place the 'Do not disturb' sign on the door. "When you are in your hotel room, make sure it’s always locked from the inside." At night, holidaymakers should make sure to use the latch and deadbolt for extra protection and privacy. Jonathan also recommended "requesting a non-ground level room as ground-level windows are common points of entry for burglars”. Although finding a place to hide valuables and money in the room can sometimes be tricky, the security expert recommended hiding the jewellery "under the mattress" or "in the shower pole and even in the toilet cistern". "Most hotel rooms have a safety deposit box as standard which is a more straightforward safety precaution - even the most basic hiding place is better than not hiding your valuables at all,” he said.