Australian royal writer Daniela Elser expressed her empathy for the Duchess of Sussex after her half sister Samantha Markle launched legal action. Meghan is being sued for defamation by her half-sister after the Duchess of Sussex said she was an only child during her tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021.  But the mother-of-two has stood by her statement, saying her comments were meant to be a subjective statement of her own feelings. Responding to the legal row, Ms Elser accused the duchess’ family of squeezing “every last dollar and drop of publicity out of their connection to the duchess”. Writing for NZ Herald, she added: “It is impossible not to feel sympathy for her being stuck with this grasping lot.” Ms Elser added: “No relation of a member of the royal family has caused as much tumult, spawned so many headlines, or made such a tabloid spectacle of herself as Samantha Markle, the older half-sister of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex.” In her legal documents, Samantha is not only suing Meghan for allegedly peddling a “rags to riches” tale in her Oprah interview, but also for comments she made in Finding Freedom, a book written by Meghan’s close friend Omid Scobie. Samantha has also accused Meghan of making up stories about growing up in "virtual poverty”.  READ MORE: 'Not over yet!' Meghan set for new legal showdown as sister files case In her defamation lawsuit, Samatha also argued Meghan lied about her and their dad Thomas Markle Sr. in the interview with Ms Winfrey, so they "could not interfere with or contract the false narrative and fairytale life story [she] concocted”. She also alleged the Duchess negatively affected her autobiography and prevented her from getting jobs, leaving her emotionally and mentally distressedDuring the interview with Oprah, the duchess said: “I grew up as an only child, which everyone who grew up around me knows. "I wish I had siblings. I would have loved to have had siblings. I mean the last time I saw her must have been at least 18-19 years ago. And before that 10 years before that."  DON'T MISS Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' in Oprah interview lawsuit [INFO]Meghan’s latest legal bid with sister fails [INSIGHT]Meghan's half-sister FAILS in bizarre Obama court request [REVEALED] The former ‘Suits’ star has argued against her half-sister's claims in her "meritless defamation case." Defending Meghan’s statement, her lawyers slapped down Samantha’s claim that it was dishonest for Meghan to claim she grew up as on only child. In the most recent round of documents, they wrote: "It is hard to imagine a more personal and subjective feeling than how one views their own childhood.  "Moreover, Plaintiff's opposition completely ignores the context of the statement, where Ms Winfrey asked Meghan about her 'relationship' with Plaintiff (to whom Ms Winfrey referred as her 'half-sister on her father's side'). Meghan alleged in the documents that her sibling "deleted numerous specific factual allegations and exhibits from her original complaint," claiming that the facts would "completely undermine" Samantha's case. In another motion, Meghan argued that this matter "has no place" in any court.  The Duchess argued: "We do not empanel juries to rule on whether two people are 'close,' or whether one genuinely feels that they 'grew up as an only child.' “Courts are not equipped to adjudicate the legitimacy of a person's feelings about their childhood and relationships. Nor should they be.”