After fears Russia would permanently shut off the Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline to Germany after it paused for maintenance, the pipeline reopened on Thursday at less than half of its capacity. But the looming possibility of a gas shut-up sparked panic in the bloc, with German economy minister Robert Habeck denouncing energy "blackmail" from Moscow. He added: "Putin's goal is to unsettle, drive up prices, divide society and to weaken support for Ukraine." Dr Marina Miron of the Centre for Military Ethics at King’s College London, told Express.co.uk this goal is precisely the tactic Putin will look to "exploit" against Europe as winter draws closer. Dr Miron described the four levels which will make up the rationale behind Putin’s leveraging of energy against NATO countries and allies. She looks to the economic, the military, the informational and the diplomatic levels to discern the Kremlin’s next steps. The result will likely be a “stalemate” for the UK, although Britain will escape much of the “crisis” that EU states will face. She told Express.co.uk the Kremlin had cleverly lined itself up to have the EU “depend” on Russian energy, with Germany “hit very hard”. Although the UK is “much less reliant” on Russian energy, with approximately eight percent of oil and three percent of gas supplies imported from Russia, the prices on international markets will still impact UK consumers. Shortly after the Russian invasion of Ukraine got underway, the UK Government committed to phasing out all Russian energy imports by the end of the year. READ MORE: Biden claims Glasgow is part of England in latest embarrassing gaffe Along with domestic production, the UK would look to a “diverse range of reliable suppliers beyond Russia including the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, and USA”, the Government said in March. But the alternative solutions for energy sources the UK is looking to instead of Russia may not be so easy to rely on, Dr Miron continued. On a diplomatic level, she explained, the ties with the likes of Qatar and Saudi Arabia that the UK has courted may hit snags as those countries move towards “strengthen[ed]” ties with Russia. Dr Miron explained: “Strengthening diplomatic and economic ties with the aforementioned countries – and ensuring they would not act against Russia’s interests – gives Russia the possibility to use the ‘energy’ card to destabilise the EU, and perhaps to a lesser degree the UK. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin offensive 'to run out of steam' - Zelensky poised [LIVE] 'Putin won't forget this' Fears of Turkey after huge Erdogan snub [REPORT] Britain tipped for £20BILLION trade boost after hit list drawn up [ANALYSIS] “The choice for the UK would be to rely on nuclear power and coal with the latter being at odds with the current shift in energy policies towards clean energy. “So, in a sense, the current situation and the dependency on Russia brings the EU/UK into a stalemate.” The Kremlin will “undoubtedly” look to “exploit cleavages on the international level” in this “stalemate”, Dr Miron said. She continued: “This could potentially, in the worst-case scenario, lead to social unrest and undermine societal fabric. “There are already a number of narratives tied to the current political climate, including Boris Johnson’s resignation and the shaky political situation in Germany, France and Italy.” But the energy crisis fulfils yet another role in the “card” for Putin to play, Dr Miron argued. She said: “On the military level, the looming energy crisis will make it difficult to support Ukraine not only in terms of weapons (which are, indeed, expensive) but also in financial terms. “European, UK and US leaders will have to make hard choices in terms of where their focus should lie on helping Ukraine or on using these resources to fix internal issues (economic, defence, etc.). “These decisions will, of course, be closely watched and exploited on the information level, making all these levels tightly interconnected.”