The mystery surrounding the release date of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir is all just a PR stunt, according to a royal expert. This comes as the memoir, which had been scheduled for release by Penguin Random House in late 2022, was missing from a recent list of upcoming publications. Veteran royal writer Robert Jobson said that the curious absence of the book from the publication list could be a way to build more publicity and hype. He told MailPlus' Palace Confidential: "The official PR statement said it would be out in the last quarter of this year, and they made a big deal about that in the official press release. "So I was surprised it wasn't on the list of upcoming publications. "However, maybe they are just having some fun and games behind the scenes. "They know they are going to bring the book out, the papers in New York know it is coming out. "Maybe they are just going for a bit more publicity - that or they need to check with lawyers." JUST IN: Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power'  Later in the programme, Mr Jobson warned that the impact of the memoir will likely be "huge" in the UK. He said: "It won't be stuff from childhood. It’s going to be the up-to-date stuff that’s going to be the explosive stuff. "Who made who cry in the Meghan and Kate scenario. I’m sure those things – if they are addressed at all – will cause major problems." It was also suggested on the programme that Harry's memoir may be dropped "out of the blue like a Beyonce record on Spotify".  Meanwhile, royal reporter Natalie Oliveri suggested the publication may have been postponed to allow for “late additions” to the autobiography following Harry and Meghan Markle’s attendance of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. She added that the publishers may be coordinating a “big surprise launch” for the end of the year, in order to draw more attention to any revelations within the memoir. Speaking to Australia’s Today Show, Ms Oliveri said: “We were thinking it would happen in September because that was when the publishers said - later this year, in the autumn for the UK." DON'T MISS: Prince William defended after backlash over 'tough love' with George [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership contest? VOTE NOW [POLL]  She added: “Now, we think it's being delayed because it hasn't been included in a list of the upcoming books on the marketing list. “Some were saying that it has been pushed back. There are suggestions that the Royal Family has potentially intervened here - I think that’s a bit unlikely. “But, perhaps we’re going to be seeing a really big launch later this year, a big surprise launch. "He could be making some late additions after attending the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” READ NEXT: Prince Harry 'has poison in blood' Expert warning over duke's memoirPenny Mordaunt’s verdict on Meghan's Oprah chat: 'Facts vs feelings'Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next weekPrince Harry sparks awkward moment during candid chatRoyal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... 