Kate Bush has experienced a massive resurgence in popularity, with a younger generation discovering her music for the first time since it was used in Netflix’s Stranger Things. The 63-year-old is said to be raking in £250k a week - but she may need to splash some of that cash soon. The Cloudbusting singer has a stunning £2.5million home in Devon, which she purchased in 2005. Famously reclusive, Kate bought the 200-year-old mansion in a bid to keep away from obsessive fans. But in 2012, her hopes were dashed as one broke into the house with a £3,000 Tiffany engagement ring in hopes of persuading her into marriage. Now, according to reports, Kate faces more safety woes as the cliffside her home is perched on is slowly eroding - leaving the property in danger of falling into the sea. Steve Gardner of Devon County Council told Devon Live: “That particular stretch of coastline is always on the move. It is always falling away. “It is just nature – the land is very soft there and susceptible to storm damage. “If you live there you can either accept it and let your house fall into the sea, or you can take action to prevent further danger – but that can cost hundreds of thousands of pounds.” If Kate does choose to fork out, the huge surge in popularity she has seen recently will certainly help to foot the bill. Running Up That Hill (A Deal with God) has been topping the charts, 37 years since its original release, with Kate earning millions of pounds in recent months. "It's just extraordinary," she told BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour. "It's such a great series. I thought that the track would get some attention. But I just never imagined that it would be anything like this." She added: "It's so exciting. But it's quite shocking really, isn't it? I mean, the whole world's gone mad." Speaking to host Emma Barnett, Kate continued: "The thought of all these really young people hearing the song for the first time and discovering it is, well, I think it's very special.” The track features as a way for one character, Max Mayfield, played by Sadie Sink, to be saved from a grisly death. "I think they've put it in a really special place,” said Kate, who is a big fan of the show. "The Duffer brothers created the series and actually we watched it from the first series onwards, so I was already familiar with the series. “And I thought, what a lovely way for the song to be used in such a positive way. "You know, as a kind of talisman almost for Max. And yeah, I think it's very touching, actually." Running Up That Hill has now reached the number one spot in countries including Australia, Belgium and Sweden. It even got to number four in the US, becoming her first ever appearance in the Billboard top five.