The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales have started their three-day visit to Wales by heading to the BBC studios in Cardiff. There, Camilla met some of the children and representatives from the broadcaster's Tiny Happy People - a project which had been hailed by her step-daughter-in-law in the past. In a clip shared on Twitter, the Duchess of Cornwall can be seen kneeling down to chat playfully with a young baby. The adorable tot sits on a colourful mat surrounded by toys and pillows in the company of other children and two adults. As the baby looks attentively at Camilla, the royal coos at them and touches their little foot before continuing her tour with Prince Charles. Kate endorsed the launch of the BBC project in the summer of 2020, when she took part in an exclusive interview with the broadcaster. The programme provides parents and caregivers of children aged up to five resources and support, including ways to develop the tots' language skills through a variety of free online activities like short films, quizzes and articles. Speaking about the project, Kate said two years ago: "Tiny Happy People really is gold dust for families, giving tips and tools to use particularly in those first five years." The project helps close the gap of support existing between the birth of the babies and the beginning of the schoolyears, the Duchess explained. She said: "Families and parents know how important it is to look after our children and to nurture and care for them. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in new photo by Kate in milestone partnership "But I didn’t realise before I started all of this work just how important it is. "Some of the science behind child development it is extraordinary. "For example, that 90 percent of our adult brain grows before the age of five. "It just shows what a precious time this is and what an amazing opportunity we’ve got to really nurture their minds and put them in the best possible position for their future lives. "There’s not a huge amount of support and guidance currently out there. I think what Tiny Happy People is providing for families is a real lifeline and very much needed." Much of Kate's royal work is focused on the early years, with the goal to raise awareness of how important they are for the development of healthy and successful adults. The Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge are two of the most prominent members of the Royal Family. They recently showed they are happy to work together as Camilla drafted Kate as a photographer, tasked to take pictures of her for the front cover of the issue of Country Life she guest-edited. Camilla posed for Kate, a keen amateur photographer, in the gardens of her Raymill home in Wiltshire. The portrait chosen for the front cover of the upcoming issue shows Camilla smiling in a baby blue ensemble. Sitting on a wooden bench in her garden, the Duchess holds a basket filled with flowers ready to be planted. Camilla also selected another picture taken by Kate, this time for the leader page. In this picture, the Duchess can be seen walking surrounded by forget-me-nots. Camilla guest edited the edition of Country Life to be released on July 13 to mark her 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary.