Tory MP Nigel Huddleston said he found the last Tory leadership debate on Sunday “unedifying” and expressed concern that it could do significant damage to the Conservative Party. He claimed it only benefitted Labour for the electorate to watch the remaining Tory candidates insult each other and bring up past endeavours that might affect their credibility as a Prime Minister. Speaking to Iain Dale on LBC, Mr Huddleston described the tone of Sunday’s debate as “wrong” and later dismissed comments that such issues were the faults of the candidates as opposed to the format.    Mr Huddleston said: “There were moments in that debate that were, quite frankly, unedifying. We all know that when there is blue on blue action, the only beneficiary is the opposition. “And I think the format allowed that to be the case in a way that most of the candidates recognise now was not great. “And especially at this stage of the debate where it is still only MPs that are voting. It probably was not the right thing to do. “I think it was a fairly decent debate overall but the tone was wrong.”    Mr Dale said: “But surely the candidates are to blame for that? I mean, Rishi Sunak did not have to ask Liz Truss ‘Which do you regret most, being a Remainer or a Liberal Democrat?’ I think I almost leapt off my seat at that point.” Mr Huddleston said: “Well, I think when the format is set up that way so it is difficult to say ‘Oh, well, no I’m not doing that’.” Mr Dale said: “Well, he could have asked her about her views on a policy. That’s what Penny Mordaunt did to Rishi Sunak.” Mr Huddleston said: “Yeah but, I mean, policy or stance on Brexit and other things, and indeed what are one’s broader values and beliefs that underpin them as a politician, actually, I believe, are quite important.” READ MORE: POLL: Who should win Tory leadership race as three candidates remain? [POLL]   Kemi Badenoch became the latest elimination in the Tory leadership contest as MPs voted for a fourth time to whittle the remaining candidates down to just three. Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt and Liz Truss are now vying to reach the final two, where the vote will then be extended to the 180,000 Conservative Party members. Mr Sunak has consistently received the most votes from MPs, achieving 118 votes in today’s result. Ms Mordaunt claimed second place with 92 votes, followed closely by Ms Truss with 86 votes; Ms Badenoch was eliminated with only 59 votes. DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner savages Tories 'wallowing in their own mess' with video [REPORT] Truss has best thought out plan for the economy, says Patrick Minford [OPINION] Penny Mordaunt 'biggest threat' to Labour as flaw propels MP to top [INSIGHT]  In a statement after the result, surprise success Ms Mordaunt said: "This afternoon colleagues once again put their trust in me and I cannot thank them enough. We are so nearly across the finish line. “I am raring to go and excited to put my case to members across the country and win. She also heaped praise on eliminated rival Kemi Badenoch, whose votes will be crucial in deciding which candidates make the final two. She said: "I want to pay tribute to my friend Kemi Badenoch who electrified the leadership contest with her fresh thinking and bold policies. "She and I both know that the old way of government isn't working as it should. Voters want change and we owe it to them to offer a bold new vision for this country. Kemi's passion for this showed and I'm glad she put herself forward to be heard." READ NEXT: Sunak and Mordaunt are real Brexiteers whatever critics may claimRaging radio caller lays into Sunak as he snubs final leadership debatMartin Lewis warns Brits of 'financial cataclysm' in plea to next PMEmily Thornberry humiliated as she tires to slam next PMBoris wields axe in final act of authority as top Tory MP suspended  