With the promise to boost your health, supplements might seem like a tempting option. However, many experts agree that there’s no replacement for a healthy and varied diet. What’s worse, there has been an increase in the number of reports, underlying the adverse effects linked to the dietary products, including green tea extract. Green tea is one of the most popular drinks worldwide. Celebrated for its powerful health effects, the tea is packed with antioxidants. From heart to liver, the natural substances are thought to be able to fight off many diseases and assist your general health. Despite these potent effects, it’s important to note that green tea extract can be toxic when taken in excess. Nataly Komova, RD and fitness expert at JustCBD, explained that the supplement could even lead to liver failure. READ MORE: Dementia: The popular diet shown to induce ‘significant deterioration of cognition’ Ms Komova said: “Frequent consumption of large amounts of green tea can spell trouble for your liver health. “We all know green tea and green tea supplements are loaded with caffeine. “The build-up of this compound in your liver can be dangerous. “One thing will lead to another - from liver damage to liver cirrhosis.  “If left untreated, the liver disease will then cause liver failure, which can cause death.” And Ms Komova isn’t the only expert who warned about the potential harmful effects of green tea extract. Dr Herbert Bonkovsky, expert on green tea extracts and liver damage, told Eat This Not That: “The risks are there and they are real. "People should not assume that because they are marketed as natural products that they are safe. If you take enough of it, it can kill you." READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk There’s also a study that highlights the taxing effects of green tea supplements on your liver. Published in the World Journal of Gastroenterology, the research looked at an adolescent male, who used a weight-loss product containing green tea extract. The researchers said: “Our case adds to the growing concern surrounding the ingestion of green tea extract and serves to heighten healthcare provider awareness of a potential green tea extract hepatotoxicity.” Furthermore, Ms Komova shared that your liver might not be the only target when it comes to green tea extract. She explained that the dietary product could also hamper your sleep or even lead to osteoporosis. Ms Komova said: “Studies show taking more than three cups of green tea or going overboard with green tea supplements makes you more susceptible to osteoporosis. “Green tea contains compounds that disrupt calcium absorption, negatively affecting your bone health.” Based on this evidence, experts advise people interested in taking the supplement to speak to their doctor first. Plus, it’s also important to consider if taking the product will interact with any other medications you’re on. The study concluded: “Although green tea has traditionally been considered safe, emerging reports linking liver injury, and in some cases liver failure, with the use of green tea extract should not be ignored.”