Don't ask X how his wife is, I tell him, because they're getting divorced and she's gone to Dubai with her toyboy. Don't ask after Y's second cousin because he died in 2020. Don't say anything awful about that bloke in the Treasury, because he was at school with Z's son. And don't go on about trans, because last Christmas our hostess's daughter said that she had to be called Humphrey. The Queen, according to royal biographer Robert Hardman, gets two folders when she meets someone new. One is called "personality notes" and the other "topics to be avoided". In 1974 when she met Queen Margrethe of Denmark she was advised not to mention the country's "reputation as the porn capital of Europe". Reasonable advice, even if it seems most unlikely Her Majesty would ever embark on a discussion of Danish blue... unless it was the cheese. Though it's possible Prince Philip could have blundered into the royal chit-chat with a fruity appreciation of the 1971 Danish art film 24 HoursWith Ilse. The trouble with "topics to be avoided", is once you know you are not supposed to mention something you invariably do. Like Basil's mantra in Fawlty Towers - "don't mention the war" - when the German guests arrive. It is inevitable he would end up goose-stepping out the dining room. Jeremy Hunt's surname is another hostage to fortune, most recently misspoken by Sophy Ridge on Sky News. But it's not the first time. Victoria Derbyshire, James Naughtie, Nicky Campbell and Carrie Gracie have done it. Top broadcasters all... irresistibly drawn to the C-bomb like moths to the flame. Poor Hunt. Perhaps he should change his name.  The actress Diana Dors wisely changed her name from Diana Fluck. But when she was invited to open a fete in her home town of Swindon the presiding vicar was so terrified of getting it wrong that he said: "We have with us today Diana Dors, whom many of you here in Swindon will remember as Doris Klunt." Years ago I went to a charity do for a well-known hospice. The main speaker was the recently married Duchess of York whose gaffe-prone tendencies were yet to be fully recognised. She was very effusive about the good work of the hospice and announced she was "dying" to come back for another visit. You could have heard a pin drop.  Wasn't there something depressingly old fashioned about the photographs of the political Wags at last week's G7 get-together in Bavaria? The main event was a boys' club shindig with only Ursula von Der Leyen as the token chick in a pantsuit. None of the consorts appeared very comfortable as they were photographed together in their smart casuals and blinding white trainers, looking wifey and mwah-mwahing each other. Only four of them turned up - Britta Ernst, Brigitte Macron, our own Carrie Johnson and Amelie Derbaudrenghien Michel. Britta is the wife of the new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and is a minister for education in the state government of Brandenburg. Amelia is the spouse of European Council President Charles Michel and works for the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Brigitte wears a lot of Chanel and Carrie is Carrie. All formidable women in their way, but sadly they looked like The Stepford Wives. Parents from Wymondham High Academy in Norfolk have been grumbling that long trousers are too warm in the summer term and have demanded the boys be allowed to wear shorts. In response the school has said that in line with its gender neutral policy ("something we are very proud of") both boy and girl pupils can wear skirts or trousers - but not shorts. Makes no sense to me but then I don't have a gender neutral policy. How times change. When I was one of the school-run mummies, we used to stand around in the playground in January lamenting the fact that our poor little boys were forced to wear grey flannel shorts in Arctic conditions.They must be soooo cold, we said. Why on earth couldn't they wear long trousers? Some of the more militant mummies took the issue to the headmaster but nothing changed. They certainly weren't given the option of wearing a pinafore dress and woolly tights like the little girls. But boys never feel the cold so they didn't actually care at all. Going into long trousers was once a mark of maturity. Shorts were for weekends and sailing holidays. As the good Lord intended. Now half the men in Britain dress like toddlers as soon as the sun comes out. Bring back the crumpled linen suit, I say. Nothing becomes a man more in the summer months. It was a weekend when the ancient gods of rock walked among us. The Stones in Hyde Park. Sir Paul McCartney with his chums Dave Grohl and Bruce Springsteen at Glasto. Grohl at 53 was the baby. Most of the others won't see 70 again. Or 80 in some cases. Of course it was wonderful and these musicians are living legends. McCartney ascribes his stamina to eye yoga, which sounds easier than press-ups so I may give it a go. But it was left to the great Joe Walsh of The Eagles (the other ageing supergroup that appeared last weekend in Hyde Park) to put it all in perspective. As in: "I had a lot more fun in my 20s in the 70s than I do being in my 70s in the 20s." Thanks Joe for saying it as it is. A message on Twitter from the Halifax with whom I have had a bank account for more than 40 years. There's a picture of a blue lapel with a badge which reads Gemma (she/her/hers). The text says: "Pronouns matter. #It'SAPEOPLETHING". I'll be closing my account despite reassuring (and identical) messages from the likes of "Dave" and "Lee" (pronouns unknown so I suspect they're bank-bots) who say: "We want to create a safe and accepting environment that opens the conversation around gender identity. "We care about our customers and colleagues' individual preferences. "For us, it's a very simple solution to accidental misgendering." It's becoming clear that unless people make a stand against these corporate cringes then it will never end. So, Dear Dave, I don't require my bank to open a conversation around gender identity. I merely require it to look after my money. So I'm closing my account. Best wishes, Jennifer (fee/fi/fo/fum).