The Bal de la Rose (Rose Ball) is a traditional charity event held every year in Monaco. This year, Princess Charlene did not attend the glamorous event but other members of the Royal Family, including Beatrice Borromeo and Charlotte Casiraghi, were photographed at the gala. Monaco’s famous Rose Ball started with Grace Kelly, who first held the ball in 1964 to support the Princess Grace Foundation. After Grace Kelly's death, her eldest daughter Princess Caroline of Hanover took over and every year arranged the event with long-time collaborator Christian Louboutin. This year, the ball's theme was a 20s revival. Princess Caroline of Hanover's family, including daughter Charlotte Casiraghi, her sons Andrea and Pierre Casiraghi and Pierre's wife, Beatrice Borromeo, attended the event. READ MORE: Sue Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer  Beatrice looked beautiful in a grey floor-length gown. The Dior dress featured a floral pattern embroidery and a train. The royal combined the dress with a silver clutch bag and silver diamond heeled sandals. Princess Beatrice also donned pearl drop earrings and a diamond bracelet.  She styled her hair in a low bun and opted for a natural make-up look with a smokey eye. Royal fans took to social media to praise Beatrice's look. Instagram user @oneplusonemakes8 said: "Absolutely stunning." Another one, @fedetavera, commented: "She is amazing! READ MORE: Sophie's 'close relationship' with Kate made her 'most stylish royal' "The most underrated royal." Royal watcher @unfurled.lotus.flower added: "Beatrice was 'the belle of the ball' in my opinion. "Gorgeous!" "That's a beautiful gown," said @rmsgreeneyedlady. Royal fan @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "Gorgeous dress and fits beautifully. "She’s a stunning woman." Princess Beatrice was last seen earlier last week during Paris Fashion Week attending the Dior show. She wore a white shirt midi dress with embroidered lace borders from Dior, brown pumps, black sunglasses and a purple and black print pattern silk scarf in the hair.