BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty previewed the final ever episode of Neighbours this week, which will be airing in the UK on Friday evening on Channel 5. To celebrate the series, Shaimaa Khalil beamed in from Ramsay Street in Australia, and Naga couldn’t help feeling jealous her co-star got the chance to visit the iconic soap setting. Naga revealed she was feeling jealous of Australia correspondent Shaimaa when she spoke to the BBC presenter from Ramsay Street. Shaimaa chatted to Naga from the other side of the globe in celebration of popular soap Neighbours coming to an end this week. “Shaimaa you know that being on Ramsay Street is something you dream of when you're younger and you get to do this,” Naga told the reporter. To which Shaimaa quipped to the presenter: “How jealous are you, Naga?” READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming Naga had to admit to her co-star in Australia she was feeling “very” jealous. “I have to pinch myself a little bit that I'm here,” Shaimaa added. “On the very day that Australia fans get to say goodbye to the longest-running soap opera. This has defined a generation.” Australian viewers will be able to tune into Neighbours’ series finale on Thursday evening, where it will air as a 90-minute special. UK fans will have to wait just a little longer, and the Channel 5 broadcast will cut the episode down to an hour. Shaimaa was clearly thrilled to present the BBC’s coverage on the finale from Ramsay Street. After chatting to Naga, she took to Twitter, posting: “It's not often that I get to make @TVNaga01 jealous! Normally it's the other way round.” "Wish you were here Naga #Neighbours 'NeighboursFinale,” she added when BBC Breakfast posted the video of their interview. DON'T MISS:Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star addresses ‘uncomfortable’ filming [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]Prince Harry will ‘not approve’ of The Crown’s portrayal of Diana [OPINION] Shaimaa also had the exciting opportunity to speak to two of the show’s long-running stars, Ian Smith and Stefan Dennis. Stefan said of the show’s legacy: ““It’s a show that takes the audience on a really good journey, every single episode. “You’ll get a tragic scene with light-hearted entertainment and even a comedy scene. “I think that’s the success of this show. It’s all the trimmings that go around it.” “All the good-looking actors and actresses, all the wonderful sets, all the beautiful locations, all the fantastic film work and all of that. “But all of that culminates into what the audience sees, and that is half an hour of pure entertainment.” This week’s finale is guaranteed to be a must-watch TV event, with huge stars such as Kylie Minogue, Guy Pearce and Margot Robbie all scheduled to make a reappearance. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One. Neighbours’ final episode airs Friday, July 29 at 9pm on Channel 5.