And only 43 percent reckon it can happen with a potential partner – which is six percent fewer than those who have fallen head over heels for an abode. The size of the rooms, big windows, and built-in bookshelves are among the top things that get people lovestruck. A fifth are instantly sold if a property has a south-facing garden, and 16 percent are won over by walk-in wardrobes. It also emerged nearly two-thirds (61 percent) claimed they are more likely to say “I do” to a new home than an expensive wedding. And a quarter get more excitement from viewing properties than going on holiday. Alistair Singer, from My Home Move Conveyancing, which commissioned the survey, said: “Love at first sight is definitely real, according to our report – but only when it comes to properties. “The search for the dream home can be daunting, but when you know, you know – and there are many things prospective sellers can do to help make buyers fall in love right away. “A home is so much more than just a building, it’s a place where people can start a family and make memories – so it’s no surprise that the right property can give Brits butterflies, sometimes even more than a potential partner.” The study also found over half (53 percent) of respondents reckon they fell in love with their current home as soon as they laid eyes on it. When they’d found “the one”, they waited just four days before making an offer on the property to make it theirs. But, according to the OnePoll study, it often came after kissing multiple frogs – as, on average, people who fell in love at first sight with their home had viewed five other options before finding the perfect fit. And for 46 percent of disappointed viewers, their romance was doomed to fail – as they weren’t able to complete on a home they immediately fell for. While six in ten have attempted to punch above their weight, and fallen hard for a property that was miles out of their price range. Alistair Singer added: “It’s tough when things don’t pan out, be it in love or in real estate. “There are ways to avoid disappointment, at least when it comes to securing your dream home. “Our advice if you “know” immediately about a property is to move quickly. “The next viewer may be even more enamoured and make an offer before you get the chance – so it’s important to take the leap to get your happily ever after.” In response to the findings, My Home Move Conveyancing is challenging Brits to find out whether they love their partner or their home the most – and have a chance of winning £500. 30 THINGS THAT MAKE BRITS FALL IN LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT WITH A PROPERTY: