UK broadband customers that are with Shell Energy Broadband will soon see their bills go up. The provider has begun informing customers that from September things will be going up by £2 a month or 6.1 percent, depending on when they joined Shell Energy. This price rise was meant to kick in earlier this year, before Shell Energy announced it was delaying it due to pressures on household budgets caused by the cost of living crisis. If you signed up for Shell Energy's broadband or landline packages before October 4 2021, or renewed your contract before then, then your bill rise by £2 a month. While for those that joined or renewed their plan between October 4 2021 and January 8 2022 their bills will rise by 6.1 percent. If you joined or renewed your contract after January 8 this year you won't be affected by the price rise as this already would have been factored in. Besides affecting Shell Energy broadband and home phone users, the price rise will also impact former Post Office customers that are in contract. Back in 2021, Shell Energy purchased the Post Office's broadband and home phone business. The upcoming price rises won't, however, impact Post Office customers that are out of contract, Money Saving Expert reported. Speaking to MSE, a Shell Energy spokesperson said: "Our customers are using more data than ever before, which increases the costs of running the network, so we’ve had to review our pricing." Affected customers are being informed by Shell Energy about the upcoming price rises. Some of those affected will be able to leave their contract penalty-free, and if anyone falls into this category they'll be told this in the email informing them of the price change. If you're able to leave penalty free, or are approaching the end of your contract, you may want to switch to a different provider and take up one of their introductory offers. Providers such as Virgin Media, Sky and BT regularly offer incentives for new customers to join them. Just recently Virgin Media was giving away a free TV to new customers, as well as offering special rates to customers to entice them over. It's worth pointing out though these leading providers have all also announced price rises that came into effect for 2022. Virgin Media, BT and Sky all announced price rises for customers that kicked into effect earlier this year. The price rise Virgin Media introduced for existing customers increased bills by up to £56 a year.