Which brings us, of course, to Boris Johnson. More particularly to Boris's last PMQ's - well, at least the last one where he is the PM bit and not merely the Q. So how did he do with his swansong? Well, it would be journalistically neat and tidy to be able to write nothing in his political life became him like the leaving of it blah blah ... but I can't. Today was just classic Boris, funny, cheeky, question-ducking, and god forgive me, as he left the despatch box of the Mother of All Parliaments actually saying "Hasta La Vista Baby" charming. Gone was the ill-tempered beetroot-faced indignance of recent Partygate weeks. He was light as a feather, and if I'm not mistaken rather enjoying the utter absurdity of questions being posed to a Prime Minister who'd long since left for the beach. He entered the Commons to cheers, and he left the Commons to cheers. In between parried blows from the benches opposite with the insouciance of a champion heavyweight facing bantamweight opposition. Nothing, but nothing was going to touch him today. They tried of course. New girl Kim Leadbetter who you may recall won the recent Batley and Spen for Labour, kicked off with that hardy perennial chastising the Prime Minister that "public trust in politicians is at an all time low." She is to be forgiven as she's a bit wet behind the ears, but Kim, if you're reading this, little tip for the future: public trust in politicians is always at an all time low, that's its permanent, immutable and well-deserved position. It's about as likely to shift as Ben Nevis is. I would strongly counsel against holding your breath for the headline "public trust in politicians at all time high!" But Kim's job was presumably to serve as a mere amuse bouche to Sir Keir Stamer's strong meat. Were we about to finally see a Prime Minister in waiting or just the latest in a long line of Labour party bench-warmers? Hmmmm. If I'd have been Keir I'd have feigned a bout of Omicron and left it to Ms Rayner. Angela might not be your first choice if you were picking a University Challenge team but today, with its end of term air, was the perfect playground for her more, ahem, robust approach to Commons debate. But I suppose God loves a trier. It's just that, as usual, after a fairly spirited, if awfully scripted, attempt to bash the PM (and more precisely the unseemly scramble to replace him) Sir Keir left himself wide open to Boris's quicker wit and punchier delivery. Like an Ernie Wise to Boris' Eric he deadpanned: "Every Labour policy made under my leadership has been fully costed." You line 'em up Keir, Boris will finish 'em off.   The Labour leader did make some salient points about Penny, Rishi and Liz - the three No10 hopefuls still in the leadership race - accurately pointing out "They get us into this mess and they have no idea how to get us out of it." But he would have been hard-pressed to find another person in Britain who cared less than Boris. Even Boris joked: "I've not been following this particularly closely but my impression is there has been quite a lot of debate about this already." In the end PMQs turned into a love-in, with Tory MPs taking turns to point out how bloody marvellous the Prime Minister they had just collectively stabbed in the back had been. Perhaps they were now realising just what a formidable enemy he will make - the Party's pi**taker-in-chief finally off the leash and able to scythe down political egos and ambition from the back benches - and of course via lucrative newspaper columns, book deals and after dinner speeches. Edward Leigh could barely contain himself on Boris's record of service, thanking him, somewhat presumptuously, on behalf of the people of the UK. Neither was Boris shy about joining in the hagiography, even offering his successor a four point plan to Prime Ministerial success. This seemed to include cutting taxes, getting the Americans onside and not listening to Twitter. Gosh, imagine if a Prime Minister had done all that in the first place! 