The 96-year-old monarch arrived in Edinburgh on Monday, spending five days there to celebrate Royal Week. She has carried out three major public appearances as part of the celebration and met with First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. On the first day of Royal week, the Queen attended the Ceremony of the Keys, where she was symbolically handed the keys to Scotland's capital, before returning them to elected officials. On Tuesday, she watched a military parade in the gardens of Holyroodhouse Palace. And on Thursday, the 96-year-old monarch attended the Reddendo Parade alongside Prince Charles. Concerns were raised over the Queen's health after she was pictured with purple-coloured hands at her meeting with Ms Sturgeon. GP Giuseppe Aragona said the condition could be caused by a number of issues. He said: "There are a few different reasons for why the Queen’s hands are so purple. "A lack of circulation, frail skin, exposed veins, bruising, a leakage of blood to the tissue beneath the skin causing the colour. "It could be cyanosis which occurs when there is not enough oxygen in the blood." Speaking to Metro, he added: "Blood which has a normal amount of oxygen is a deep red and means your skin is its normal colour, however low oxygenated blood is bluer which causes your skin to have a purple hue. READ MORE: Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised hands spark worry "It is known that cyanosis can develop quicker if the person has suffered a minor health problem, so this could be linked to her recent injury." She was also pictured with purple-looking hands in 2019, in an official photograph of her meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah and Queen Rania and their son, Crown Prince Hussein. This comes amid wider concern over the Queen's health in recent months, the main issue being her "episodic mobility problems". DON'T MISS: William and Kate outdone as surprising duo crowned hardest working [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry remain silent after update in Palace bullying probe [INSIGHT] 'The next Queen' Cool Princess Anne sparks fan frenzy as royal spotted [REACTION] As a result, she has been forced to miss a number of public engagegements. She missed the State Opening of Parliament in early May and missed the Easter Sunday Service at St George's Chapel the month before. More recently, she chose to take a backseat during June's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She has also been pictured using a walking stick at most events in recent months. The Queen is understood to be spending the weekend at the Sandringham Estate to recuperate. The Norfolk estate is much loved by the Queen. She typically spends Christmas there, remaining until February when she marks the anniversary of her father King George VI's death and her own ascension to the throne.