Alfred Hitchcock’s array of films during the golden era of Hollywood cemented his reputation as one of the most influential directors to this day. His leading lads and ladies will be featured in Talking Pictures on BBC Two on July 23, one of which was award-winning actress Tippi Hedren. Hedren’s most celebrated works in Hollywood are The Birds and Marnie, both directed by Hitchcock, which would win her critical acclaim and a Golden Globe. However, in her memoir, Tippi, the actress claimed life on-set with Hitchcock was terribly difficult and his obsession with her caused great distress. Hedren was enjoying a successful modelling career with small roles in television commercials when Hitchcock spotted her and put her under a contract with him. The contract and fame came at a higher price than the actress could have imagined when she rejected the director’s advances. She recalled in the memoir that “dealing with one of the most powerful men in motion pictures” was “difficult, embarrassing and insulting”. He allegedly told Hedren he would ruin her career if she left him, and while fans and those close to Hitchcock say the picture of the man she describes is incorrect, she has been steadfast in her claims. READ MORE: Elvis Presley death: The King's final day hour by hour – Why did he die alone? In a conversation with author Tony Lee Moral, Marni co-star Louise Latham contradicted Hedren’s claims saying she found them “hard to believe”. Latham said of Hedren: “She's a lovely woman, but I don't think Tippi should have said those things about Hitch. I wasn't aware of her being hassled on the set. For Hitchcock to go down as this monstrous thing, to the degree that [Tippi] was vulnerable is not accurate." Hedren claims Hedren was obsessed with her level to the point of stalking, having her followed and getting her handwriting analysed. The director was also reportedly fond of making crude jokes on set which Hedren found “terribly filthy”. Hedren reportedly reached out to Hitchcock’s wife Alma, who was described as “an enigma to everyone”. Hedren recalled that Alma had approached her apologising for the situation her husband had put the actress in. When Hedren retorted saying “but you could stop it”, Alma simply walked away without a word. Hedren has also highlighted “It was nothing new in Hollywood in those days”, and has claimed that she would be “a very rich woman” if sexual harassment laws were around then. It was not just Hitchcock’s obsession with Hedren that disturbed her, but the situations he put her in on set, especially during the filming of The Birds. The suspense thriller had a scene where Hedren’s character went into an attic and was attacked by birds. Hedren was reportedly told that the birds would be mechanical, the same type they had been using in the filming until that point. She shared that on the morning the scene was due to be filmed, the assistant director proclaimed that the mechanical birds weren’t working so real ones had to be used. She said: “When I got to the set I found out there had never been any intention to use mechanical birds because a cage had been built around the door where I was supposed to come in, and there were boxes of ravens, gulls and pigeons that bird trainers wearing gauntlets up to their shoulders hurled at me, one after the other, for a week.” After days of injuries and mental torment from working with the birds, Hedren collapsed into hysteria, and was medically ordered to have a week of rest. The following film Hedren worked on, Marnie, would earn her a nomination for a Photoplay award, but Hitchcock allegedly refused to let her go to New York to accept it. In her memoir the actress penned that the situation with Hitchcock escalated during Marnie’s filming, writing: “It was sexual, it was perverse.” Now at the end of her rope, Hedren demanded to be released from her contract with Hitchcock, and shared his response with NPR in 2016. The actress said: “He said, 'Well, you can't, you have your daughter to support and your parents are getting older.' And I said, 'They wouldn't want me in a situation in which I'm not happy.' And he said, 'Well, I'll ruin your career.' And he did." The actress said: “He said, 'Well, you can't, you have your daughter to support and your parents are getting older.' And I said, 'They wouldn't want me in a situation in which I'm not happy.' And he said, 'Well, I'll ruin your career.' And he did." Hedren remained in her contract, receiving a salary but was not allowed to accept roles from other directors and producers Her granddaughter, 50 Shades of Grey actress Dakota Johnson, shared her anger at her grandmother’s situation on The Hollywood Reporter’s Awards Chatter podcast. Johnson shared: “Hitchcock ruined her career because she didn't want to sleep with him, and he terrorized her. He was never held accountable. “It’s hard to talk about because she’s my grandmother. You don’t want to imagine somebody taking advantage of your grandmother.” Talking Pictures featuring Hitchcock’s Leading Actors airs on BBC Two at 2:35pm today.