A royal expert has claimed Prince Harry won’t approve of the next season of The Crown, which will bring the later years and sad death of Princess Diana to the screen. The Netflix series has already faced resistance from the Palace, and Elizabeth Debicki’s forthcoming portrayal of Harry’s mother could make the next instalment of the series its most controversial yet. Royal biographer Tina Brown has predicted the Duke of Sussex won’t approve of The Crown’s continuing portrayal of his mother, Diana. The series’ previous outing with Emma Corrin in the iconic role received acclaim, though the depiction of Diana’s eating disorder and relationship with the royals proved controversial. Netflix’s hit historical drama could now face even more backlash when Australian actress Elisabeth steps into Diana’s shoes in her final years. Tina claimed Harry, who admitted to watching some of the show in his interview with Oprah Winfrey, will be particularly uncomfortable with his mother’s role in the next season. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale “I don’t think that the next season of The Crown is going to be something that Harry is going to seriously approve of in the sense of the way it depicts his mother,” she said. “We don’t know how it will depict his mother. But right now, there’s really nothing that’s come out about their mother that they like.” Elizabeth’s predecessor Emma picked up an Emmy nomination for their performance, though some viewers weren’t happy with the show’s darker insight into the world-famous late royal. With a brand new cast depicting the royals next time around, The Crown’s return is already picking up a considerable buzz from Netflix subscribers. However, Tina claims the drama has received even more push-back from the Palace as season five continues production in the UK. She revealed the Royal Family are “very unhappy” about the series going ahead, and have made attempts to disrupt filming whenever possible. Tina told The AV Club: “Whenever they can, they stop The Crown filming in locations where they have an influence. “For instance, [Eton College] refused to let them film there, which was undoubtedly about recognising William's feelings that, you know, they weren't going to have it.” DON'T MISS:America’s Got Talent fans in tears after Oxford shooting tribute [REACTION]Stranger Things’ David Harbour lands role away from Netflix [LATEST]BBC Breakfast skewers Labour MP over Mick Lynch support [INTERVIEW] “So they've shown their displeasure by making it quite clear that they are not happy, and we'll give it no help.” It’s no surprise to see even more resistance to The Crown’s fifth outing, as the already divisive drama will feature some of the royals’ most controversial moments for its penultimate season. Set across the Queen’s “annus horribilis”, award-winning actress Imelda Staunton will be the final performer to portray the long-reigning monarch. Season five will include the dissolution of Prince Charles’ (Dominic West) marriage to Diana, and will also introduce James Murray as unpopular royal Prince Andrew. Rounding out the new cast is Jonathan Pryce as Prince Philip, Lesley Manville as Princess Margaret and Johnny Lee Miller as Prime Minister John Major. The fifth season will largely focus on the Crown’s role in the late-90s, with the series wrapping up with season six in the early 21st Century. It’s unconfirmed when the series will return, but filming is expected to finish in time for a 2023 release date. The Crown seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.