Tottenham have drawn up travel plans to finalise a deal for Barcelona star Clement Lenglet, according to reports. The defender would be Antonio Conte's fifth signing of the summer so far as the Italian looks to bolster his squad ahead of a demanding season. Conte's side has seen a vast increase to squad depth with club chiefs having already signed Ivan Perisic, Richarlison, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma. With back-up to Son Heung-min and Harry Kane in the form of Richarlison and huge upgrades on current midfield options in Perisic and Bissouma, the club are now looking to improve on defensive contingency with Lenglet's signing. Reports have claimed that Spurs have agreed a deal to sign the Frenchman on a season-long loan, according to various reports. And Spanish outlet Sport have now claimed that travel plans are now being drawn up as the Blaugrana aim to cut their wage bill. The report states that there is already a countdown to Lenglet's exit. The Catalonian club have worked in tandem to seal a deal to take the former Sevilla star to north London as soon as possible in order to give him a longer pre-season under Conte and also remove him from the Barcelona wage bill. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez With an announcement hoping to be made before Tottenham's tour of South Korea, a deal may be imminent with the club set to fly out on Saturday. Negotiations hit their peak on Monday after Tottenham agreed a deal that would see the Frenchman's entire wage at Barcelona covered. And that could see Lenglet travel to north London for his medical immediately in order to sign for the English giants. The publication further suggests that Lenglet accepted Tottenham's bid immediately, despite being willing to wait longer and see which other clubs could offer him a proposal. There was contact from Juventus until the 11th hour, although the deal could not be completed - and thus a move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium beckons. Champions League football was an extremely attractive proposition for the 27-year-old, with Spurs confirming their participation in next year's competition after finishing fourth in the Premier League on the final day of the season. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And his arrival will provide much needed quality, experience and depth for Eric Dier, Cristian Romero and Ben Davies as Spurs look to embark on another wonderful European adventure. Tottenham find out their group opponents on August 25 when the draw is made in Nyon. And they will embark on their adventure just two weeks later on the week commencing September 5. 