While many younger women may not find they put on weight around their thighs and hips, menopausal weight gain tends to settle around women's midsections. This can not only cause frustration, but belly fat also poses additional health risks. While losing weight can be challenging, experts have suggested keeping dieting simple in order to see better results. Most doctors recommend women try to address their menopausal weight gain with diet and exercise. Follow a few simple strategies that keep dieting easy and manageable.  READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Dan Brennan explained that weight loss is a long-term goal and should be treated that way. "In order to maintain weight loss, you need to make lifestyle changes that support your health," he said. "Don’t think about 'going on a diet'. "Instead, rethink your relationship with food. Make healthy eating a priority." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] While some diet plans and exercise regimes can come with hefty price tags and flashy promises, weight loss doesn't need to be that complicated. And Dr Brennan revealed these fads may only give people short-term results. "Don’t overcomplicate weight loss," he said. "It’s about eating less and moving more. Be serious about sticking to a healthy diet and watching how much you eat. "It’s OK to splurge once in a while on treats, but every day can’t be a cheat day." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Burning calories is a great way to shift unwanted weight. It is recommended that people get at least 150 minutes of aerobic activity per week. "Remember that small changes can make a big difference," Dr Brennan added. "Park in the back of the parking lot when you go shopping. Take the stairs instead of the elevator." Resistance training helps combat excess fat by increasing both after-burn after exercise and by increasing muscle size. Muscle burns more calories than fat, so by incorporating strength exercises, people can raise their chances of controlling their weight long-term.