The heatwave which is sweeping across the nation was at the top of the news agenda Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast. Weather correspondent Carol Kirkwood delivered advice on how to handle the heat, which could hit up to 41C, while presenter Jon Kay updated BBC viewers on the red extreme heat warning which is in place in much of England. However, many viewers felt the channel was "overreacting".   Disgruntled viewers hit out at BBC Breakfast's rolling coverage on Twitter throughout the morning. @WASPCommander fumed: "The whole tone is hysterical. Appalling coverage." Kathryn Bamforth added: "I've never known anyone like the English to go about the weather so much." Gary, who was referring to when host Jon was pooped on by a pigeon earlier on in the show, remarked: "You media always overreact! That’s why you’re making this country so soft and nobody can make a decision for themselves! P.s the pigeon got it right!" READ MORE: Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene  @Belfield68 added: "Two days, it’s just two days! Holidaymakers stepped onto a plane and headed for Greece at the weekend where they’ll sit in this for two weeks. This country needs a check-up from the neck up." Despite the backlash, other viewers felt BBC Breakfast's weather coverage was necessary. Alison Arrundale tweeted: "No, not overreacting at all. For the UK, 41 degrees is a good 10 degrees higher than the heatwave of 1976. "238 people have already died in Portugal because of the heat. Asthma and COPD suffers are already struggling in the UK."   Simon Leadbeater raged: "Feeling very cross this [morning] - this heat is just not being treated seriously enough." (sic) Jon, who was reporting from Cambridge, interviewed scientists and weather professionals for their take on the heatwave. He asked climate scientist Professor Richard Betts whether the media was overreacting. Jon said: "Our inbox has got quite a few messages from people this morning, saying, 'It's summer, it's a bit hot for a couple of days and then it will be back to normal, are we just overreacting?'"  DON'T MISS...Jon Kay 'splattered' with bird poo on BBC Breakfast [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood stuns in busty floral dress as she issues heat warning [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband [INSIGHT]  Richard replied: "I'd say this is not normal, climate change is making these temperatures worse. "There is a very high chance of getting record temperatures in this country. "We are not set up for getting high temperatures so we need to take care and we need to expect disruption." "This is not normal," the scientist stressed to those watching the programme at home.  London is due to be one of the hottest places in the world today, according to the Met Office. It's the first time the Met Office has issued a red warning since the system was introduced in 2021. The warning means "widespread impacts on people and infrastructure" are expected with "substantial changes" in working daily routines required. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays from 6am on BBC One. 