Temperatures are set to reach 35C on 31 July in London and the southeast. The midlands will see highs of 30C, while the north will reach maximum temperatures of 26C. On August 1, temperatures will be as high as 32C in London, 29C in the midlands and 23C in the north. Scotland will be cooler, reaching maximum temperatures of 15C. The warm weather will continue throughout the first week of August, with highs of 29C due on August 4. The first week of the month is set to be mainly dry, with very limited rainfall. British Weather Services meteorologist Jim Dale predicted temperatures of up to 31C over this period. But he said the warm weather will not be so extreme as the high temperatures seen by the UK earlier this week. Yesterday, temperatures reached beyond 40C on what was the hottest day ever recorded by the UK. The UK was hit by extreme fires as a result of the hot weather, with a major incident being declared in London after the capital was surrounded by a ring of wildfires. London mayor Sadiq Khan said yesterday was the "busiest day for the fire service in London since the Second World War". READ MORE: Human beings die at 111F, UK is heading there, says DR FAITH CHAN Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Dale said: "Over the next week, there is a couple of occasions where the temperatures rise. "Not 41C, so it's more likely to be very warm days without being out of kilter. "What we saw yesterday was extremely out of kilter as a result of climate change - a hot day became a very hot day." Speaking about the weather going into the first week of August, Mr Dale added: "It will be very warm at times in the south and the north, where there will be some periodic rain. DON'T MISS: UK heatwave recap: Transport chaos, wildfires and school closures [REPORT] BBC Weather: Thunderstorm warnings issued as mercury levels drop [INSIGHT] Lightning map: UK's record-breaking 40C heatwave to be shattered [ANALYSIS] "Around East Anglia and the southern midlands is dry weather. "There may be the occasional thunderstorm but it won't necessarily fill reservoirs and rivers. "So it's the drought we're worried about. "I think we'll see temperatures of 30C or 31C in the first week of August."