As exciting as the hot weather is, it is vital that drivers do not take their feet off the break when it comes to road safety. This is because there are a number of commonly practiced driving habits that could land motorists with £5,000 fines in certain circumstances. With that in mind, National Scrap Car experts have revealed the warm weather habits that drivers should avoid at all costs. Motorists could face a potential fine of £5,000 plus penalty points for wearing impractical footwear at the wheel. The experts said: “Whilst flip flops are notorious for making an appearance in the summer months, we can all agree that they limit foot movement to no more than a shuffle and for that reason, do not make the most appropriate footwear for driving in. “In fact, Rule 97 of the highway code clearly states that clothing and footwear should not prevent you from being able to use the controls.” READ MORE: Electric cars might not be the best way to tackle the fuel crisis This means that if drivers are caught by the police or involved in an accident, they can be charged for “driving without due care and attention”. This carries a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points on the licence. If the case goes to court, the maximum penalty could increase to £5,000, nine points, and potentially a driving ban. Drink driving is another serious offence that tends to be committed more often in warmer seasons. DON'T MISS CarFest to show off one-of-a-kind classic supercar - 'outrageous' [INSIGHT] Little-known petrol station hack will help drivers avoid high costs [REVEAL] Caravan owners urged to check vehicle before summer as prices spike [WARNING] Being in charge of a vehicle while above the legal limit is a serious offence and can result in three months imprisonment, a fine of up to £2,500, and in some cases, a life-long driving ban. Whilst most motorists are aware that it is illegal to drink and drive, approximately 85,000 people are convicted of drink driving related offences every year in England and Wales alone. It can get even worse for motorists who choose to drink and drive as a conviction also means higher car insurance prices. Additionally, National Scrap Car experts warned that it is impossible to state a universal figure when it comes to alcohol limits because the rate at which the body absorbs alcohol varies from person to person, based on sex, weight, and stress levels. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving However, arguably the most surprising revelation was the fact that drivers could be hit with an unlimited fine and a one-year driving ban for taking hay fever medication. Many hay fever sufferers will use medication, such as antihistamines to prevent relentless sneezing and watering eyes. And as innocent as that may seem, it’s important to know that this could make drivers drowsy and impact their ability to drive. Driving under the influence of any drug, including any prescription or over-the-counter medications, is illegal if it impairs the driver’s abilities. A conviction for drug driving carries a minimum of a one-year driving ban and an unlimited fine, whilst the worst offences can carry a six-month jail sentence. Other punishable bad habits on the list included changing the music on a playlist (£200 fine and penalty points), leaving dogs in hot cars (unlimited fine and a potential jail sentence), and overloading the vehicle (£300 fine and penalty points). Amy Josling, Car and Scrappage expert from National Scrap Car, said: “This warm weather has put a smile on everyone’s face and people will want to make the most of it by jumping in the car and planning fun trips away. “But as temperatures start to rise, it’s important to be aware of the latest rules and laws that could find drivers in a lot of trouble.” She added: “Being safe on the road is key to having a fun time this summer and the police will be clamping down on motorists to avoid as many accidents as possible when the roads are busy. “The regulations are always changing for drivers so it’s important to keep up to date, and with petrol costs continuing to rise in the UK along with the cost of living increases, the last thing anyone needs right now is to be lumped with a huge fine - if it can be avoided.”