Ryanair’s two cabin crew unions, USO and Sticpla have called for a five month walk out. The strikes will last until January. The industrial action will take place every week from Monday to Thursday each week according to Euronews. Workers are taking action in Spain over working conditions and an ongoing pay dispute with Ryanair. The unions would also like 11 cabin crew members to be rehired after the union claimed they were fired for striking in July. A union source said: “We are seeing a trickle of dismissals almost daily. Last week it was the tenth worker and yesterday another colleague from Barcelona who had been with the company for 12 years.” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares food passengers 'should avoid' on plane There have so far been 18 days of Ryanair strikes in Spain this year which have led to over 300 flight cancellations and almost 3,500 delays. The new action will mainly affect Ryanair’s bases in Spain which include Barcelona, Malaga, Alicante, Seville and Palma de Mallorca. National and international flights are likely to be disrupted if the industrial action lasts for the planned five months. CEO of Ryanair, Eddie Wilson said: “The impact of the strike is minimal, it affects Spain’s reputation more.” The union said: “The flight crew members receive the support of the passengers, they understand their motives, even if it is a nuisance to have their flight cancelled. “They have the solution in hand, which is to sit down and negotiate.” Barcelona El Prat airport has so far been the most affected by the industrial action and has seen the most delays and cancellations. Despite the striking crew, some flights are likely to go ahead due to a Spanish ruling protecting the right to travel. READ MORE: Cruise line finds way to dodge Venice’s cruise ship ban On affected flights, cabin crew will still operate the safety briefing but will not perform extra duties such as serving refreshments. Crew are demanding 14 public holidays for Spanish workers instead of the nine the company currently offers. They would also like to end subcontracting through several employment agencies and a wage increase. The unions claim that staff’s pay was cut during the pandemic and has not yet been restored to normal levels. British Airways staff at Heathrow had planned to strike but have called off action after the company made an improved offer. easyJet cabin crew have also been striking in Spain over working conditions and pay. British tourists have also had to contend with train strikes across the UK with more scheduled for July 30. There will also be a tube strike in London on August 19 unless an agreement is reached before then.