 The Taylor-Baker clan was rocked last week when Avery Baker (played by Omar Lye-Fook) arrived out of the blue to surprise his brother Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths). The Walford resident wanted nothing to do with his estranged sibling but was left crushed when he realised his brother had terminal cancer. Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Avery will die in upcoming scenes but will this lead to the Taylor-Baker family leaving Walford for good?     Until Avery turned up in Walford, EastEnders fans knew little about his relationship with beloved resident Mitch. The pair have a rocky bond but Felix Baker (Matthew Morrison) and Finlay Baker’s (Ashley Byam) announcement regarding Avery’s health has left Mitch shaken. In upcoming scenes, Mitch vows to put his feud behind him and focus on the little time he has left with his brother. Karen’s pleased to see the pair getting along but will Mitch get the chance to tell his brother how he truly feels before it’s too late? Read more: Trailblazing star of EastEnders Mona Hammond, 1931-2022 - Obituary     Next week, Avery is desperate to return to an old restaurant that he and Mitch used to eat at when they were younger. But Mitch comes up with another idea when he realises his brother is too weak to make the journey. The cab driver keeps Avery busy all day before leading him to the laundrette. The businessman is touched when he’s surprised by a Caribbean-themed party with all his family. As the party gets underway, Avery and Mitch reminisce.     Avery thanks his brother for everything he’s done for him over the years and the pair make amends. As Mitch talks to him, Avery peacefully passes away surrounded by his loved ones. Later in the week, Mitch struggles to reach out to his nephews. Karen and Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) encourage Mitch to support Felix and Finlay, reminding him they’re family. He agrees and takes them out to lunch at Walford East where they discuss expensive funeral plans. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Zack Hudson and Phil Mitchell to join forces  [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Kat Slater loses children as Alfie Moon returns [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Kim Fox heartbreak as secret exposed by Howie Danes [INSIGHT]    In the Vic, Karen hands Mitch a letter she found from his brother and they make a shocking discovery. Could Avery have been keeping a huge secret from his family? Meanwhile, Finlay and Felix discuss extravagant funeral plans as they prepare to give their dad the best send-off possible. As he tries his hardest to support his nephews, Mitch debates how he should tell them the truth. Karen offers her help and the couple tell Felix and Finlay the news together.     However, the brothers refuse to listen and in denial about the admission, head off to explore Walford together. The siblings attend a party at Peggy’s and get to know the locals while Mitch and Karen reel from the discussion. The Taylor-Baker clan have been through a lot in recent months and Avery’s death could be the final push to convince the family they need to move elsewhere. If Finlay and Felix bond with the locals, Mitch and Karen may feel they should make way for a new generation of the Baker family. Could this be the end for Karen and Mitch in EastEnders? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   