The lavish party is allegedly one of the reasons the PM wishes to stay on as caretaker of No10 until a successor has been elected. Government sources quoted by the Daily Mirror's Pippa Crerar claim the planned party is one of the reasons Mr Johnson wishes to stay in Downing Street. The sources claim Mr Johnson and Carrie have planned a lavish bash at the grace-and-favour country home to mark their marriage. Ms Crerar claims two sources informed her the PM is keen to go ahead with the party despite announcing his resignation this morning. The couple had originally tied the knot in secret. Their ceremony was in front of a handful of guests at Westminster Cathedral. They later celebrated in the Downing Street garden, but still were only allowed 30 guests due to Covid restrictions. However the party planned for this summer, pencilled in for July 30, is tipped to be a larger and more glamorous occasion. A No10 spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The Prime Minister has a strong sense of duty and will continue to serve his country until a new leader is in place, solely to continue his obligation to the public.” The PM would have to cancel the party in the event that he leaves office. One Conservative source told the Mirror: “It beggars belief that even after all the criticism Johnson has faced regarding integrity and probity, one of the reasons he is staying is to have his wedding party at Chequers. “It's a national asset not his personal home. The Johnsons should do the decent thing and find a different venue. “And Boris should do the decent thing and leave No 10 immediately.” A second insider added: “It's crass if it goes ahead.” The backbencher 1922 committee is expected to draw up a timetable of when Mr Johnson will have to actually leave No10. The PM stated earlier today: “I've agreed with Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of our backbench MPs, that the process of choosing that new leader should begin now. “The timetable will be announced next week. And I've today appointed a Cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place.” Chequers is the country home of the Prime Minister, and became the name given to Theresa May's failed Brexit proposal in 2018. Built in 1565, the mansion comes replete with a heated indoor swimming pool, putting green and 1,500 acres of grounds. The estate costs taxpayers almost £1million a year. According to the Times, Mr Johnson had planned to install a £150,000 treehouse for his son in the estate, before it was stopped when police raised security concerns. Downing Street sources also claimed the PM was warned about how the expensive installation would look to the general public. A Government spokesperson said there was currently no treehouse at Chequers, nor were there any plans for one to be built in the future. They added: “We do not comment on private or family matters which do not involve any ministerial declarations or taxpayer funds.” The Chequers Trust received a £916,000 “grant in aid” from the Cabinet Office in 2020/21 – up from £882,000 last year and £879,000 the year before. David Cameron hosted an Ibiza-style 40th birthday rave for his wife Samantha at the house in 2014, inviting 200 guests and even twerking like Miley Cyrus to a trendy DJ.