British UFC star Molly McCann stopped Hannah Goldy with a powerful flurry as she recorded her sixth win inside the UFC Octagon. McCann stunned her foe with the same spinning elbow that knocked out Luana Carolina in her last fight before following it up with a blistering combination for the first-round TKO win.  McCann started off the finishing sequence with a clubbing overhand right before propelling herself into a spinning elbow that buckled her foe. Then, as Goldy slumped to the canvas McCann battered the American with a blistering combination of strikes to record the quick stoppage. As the crowd erupted, McCann lept over the Octagon to celebrate with her team in an almost carbon copy version of the way she did in March. Talking post-fight a visibly emotional 'Meatball' told Michael Bisping: "I don't know if I've ever seen this in combat sports in the Uk, getting behind a female athlete. You're working class everybody that has got behind me. I appreciate you, it's those walkouts, it's that energy that you bring. That's what gets you finishes. "To so everyone else on this card that didn't want it as much, they let you down, I will not let you down, I'm not Everton football club." After nearly knocking out a second opponent in a row with her trademark spinning back elbow, McCann said: "Have you ever seen lightning strike twice? Well now you have. How about that!"    She continued: "I think you've seen after the last win, I didn't go on a big three-month bender. I'm committed to the game. Dana, Mick, Shawn, Hunter whenever you want me I'm out." Before the proud Liverpudlian led an arena-wide "f*** the Tories" chant. Next up, hoping to make it 2-0 for Liverpool is McCann's training partner Paddy Pimblett who exploded with excitement backstage as his friend scored the blistering finish.     He faces Jordan Leavitt in the third to last contest of the evening. Pimblett is currently 18-3 as a professional MMA fighter and 2-0 in the UFC. Leavitt is 10-1 overall and 3-1 in the UFC. 'The Monkey King' is on paper the toughest test of 'The Baddy's' career. 