Missy Peregrym swapped special agents for super mum duties but it looks like the FBI series regular is set to make her return. She took to Instagram to tell fans Maggie Bell will be back for season five of the drama. Following the birth of her second child last month, fans were left in the dark as to whether the actress would be featuring in season five. Taking her full maternity leave, it has since been confirmed she will be coming back, however, it will be delayed. With her absence continuing on until September, sources have confirmed viewers should be seeing Missy back in action around mid-autumn. The CBS star shared her update to her Instagram account. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' She wrote: "FBI is starting up again in a couple weeks, but I will be returning to work in September. "I’m relieved and grateful that I am afforded the space to bond with my family, to rest and heal and be a mother (which is harder than work!)." Going on to thank her supportive community for staying with her through her off-screen months, she wished for every new parent to get the same opportunities to take time off work. Her daughter Mela Joséphine Oakley was born on June 6. Speaking on what the actress's time off will mean for her character's role in the series, showrunner Rick Eid gave updates on the timeline. He said: "The reality is that [Maggie’s recovery] is a journey, it’s going to be a while." "When she does come back, whenever that is, she’ll probably for the most part be the same ol’ Maggie, but she did go through something pretty traumatic. "There are not only physical injuries but maybe some emotional ones, and that may affect how she sees the world and how she handles cases." DON'T MISS...FBI season 4 delay: CBS crime drama set for lengthy hiatus [UPDATE]FBI exit bombshell as Missy Peregrym confirms break from CBS drama [INSIGHT]FBI season 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] FBI season five is kicking off on September 20 and until Missy is ready to come back, Shantel VanSanten will continue as Nina Chase. The next instalment is set to have audiences on edge as a host of new plot twists and nail-biting moments have the show's characters in turmoil. Fans are hotly anticipating the release of the series that is going into its new season without airing a season four finale episode. The final fixture was cut due to its storyline featuring a student's involvement in a deadly robbery that too closely mirrored real events at that time. Viewers really have no idea what the upcoming run of the CBS show will hold but what they can expect is more thought-provoking cases and crime junkie level entertainment. As for the cast, with no major announcements made, it seems safe to assume the usual roster will return for more rollercoaster twists and turns. With Missy returning, the new season is set to be as explosive as ever. Watch all seasons of FBI on Sky Witness.