 Residents living opposite an industrial estate in Bulwell, Nottingham, have vented their anger at drivers causing incidents near their houses. The locals have previously complained about what was going on, comparing it to the popular car film series “Fast and Furious”.  According to a Facebook post from Nottinghamshire Police, incidents have taken place at both the Blenheim Industrial Estate and Phoenix Park and Ride areas. The police had dispersal orders in place on July 10 to help deal with the anti-social drivers. This gave them the power to break up groups of two or more people. It is usually done when it’s believed their behaviour is causing a nuisance, harassment or distress. READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows  One resident said anti-social behaviour and car meets happen "every night" though. Patricia Warden, a healthcare assistant at the Queen’s Medical Centre, said she is amazed “someone has not died”. The 60-year-old added: “It happens every night you get people racing around here, I don't know how someone's car hasn't been wrapped around a lamp post yet or someone hasn't died. It can't go on. "We're not talking about 10 or 15 cars meeting up either, it's more in the region of 70. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of rip-off parking prices at seaside destinations [WARNING]‘Incredibly dangerous’ fuel-saving tips drivers should avoid [DANGER]Almost half of local authorities unprepared for electric car switch [SHOCKING]  “It used to happen at the Morrisons up the road, but it's moved down here now. "It's not a bad area, but this has been happening for a year or two now. I do dread it, and I've got animals too," she told Nottinghamshire Live. Another resident, Debbie Nagy, 55, said the accidents happen every weekend “without fail”. She also said she was “amazed” that they had not been stopped, adding that she is worried about her back fence as someone could “end up coming through it”.  Ms Nagy continued, saying: “It sets my dogs off, you hear people on the roundabout whizzing up the estate along with the popping of exhausts and tyres squealing. “I'm worried about my dog getting out too. "I turn my TV up to drown out the noise, but you shouldn't have to put up with it.” As a potential solution to the problem, Debbie suggested that the police could put bollards up.  It is hoped this would keep residents safe and slow the drivers down, reducing the nuisance they cause. Not all residents in the area say they have been affected though. Anthony Slack, 83, who lives in the area, said: "I've not been out that much of late since my wife recently passed away, but I haven't heard anything. “I haven't been affected if it has been going on."