Emmerdale first welcomed Emily Kirk (played by Kate McGregor) in 1999 and  she remained in the drama until her exit in 2008. So what happened to Emily and where is actress McGregor now? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the ITV star and her exit from the soap. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Emily was first introduced in the late 1990s as the daughter of single father John Wylie (Seamus O'Neill). He had lost his wife when Emily was two and was very overprotective of her, so she spent her childhood living under his strict rules. Everything changed when she started working for Viv Hope (Deena Payne) at the post office as her whole world opened up. She was first romantically involved with Butch Dingle (Paul Loughran) but he later died of injuries sustained in a bus crash with the couple getting married on his death bed. READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage Emily later embarked on a romance with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), having first found friendship due to both of them marrying into the Dingle family. They got married and were briefly the foster carers of Debbie Jones (Charley Webb) before it was realised she was the daughter of Cain (Jeff Hordley) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). Emily and Paddy broke up after he cheated on her with Viv and she went on to leave the village twice. The first time was when Debbie, who didn't want to be a mum, asked Emily to leave with her baby girl Sarah. Emily then returned a year later to hand over the baby to jer dad Andy Sugden (Kelvin Fletcher) but her neighbours still referred to her as a "child snatcher". Feeling lost, Emily found comfort when she started training to become a vicar and left Emmerdale in 2008. Emily Kirk actress Kate McGregor originally left Emmerdale in 2005 as she was going on maternity leave. She returned in 2007 but it was the beginning of the end as she left the ITV soap a year later. At the time, McGregor released a statement explaining why she chose to leave Emmerdale behind. She said: "I've had an amazing eight years on the show but feel the time is right to try something new. "I will miss everyone at Emmerdale desperately but I'm really excited about what the future holds." DON'T MISS...BBC viewer ‘totally dismayed' over end of impartiality [REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Entire family wiped out by newcomer [THEORY]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation  [HEALTH] Following her stint on Emmerdale, McGregor swapped the small screen for the stage. She performed in a theatre production called The Flint Street Nativity but since then, it appears McGregor has taken a step back from acting altogether. The former Emmerdale star has kept out of the spotlight with no other credits under her belt. Moreover, she doesn't have any social media so it is unclear what her private life is like. Prior to leaving Emmerdale, McGregor stated she wanted to spend more time with her newborn son. She told the Liverpool Echo: “Your perspective on life changes when a little one comes along. "His dad had been looking after him full-time but now he is going back to work as a teacher. “Plus, he’ll be at school soon and I wanted to be around for that and have the energy. "I was coming home exhausted and then you don’t get the best of each other.” Emmerdale airs four nights a week at 7.30pm on ITV.