The brother of Nick Kyrgios has opened up on the troubles the controversial Australian star has gone through before battling back to reach his first Grand Slam final. Kyrgios, 27, will take on Novak Djokovic on Centre Court on Sunday afternoon for the right to be crowned Wimbledon men's champion. A resurgent Kyrgios has long been accused of not fulfilling his mercurial talent, with his on-court behaviour often overshadowing performance. Even at SW19 this past fortnight, he's been fined for spitting in the direction of a spectator and for an 'audible obscenity' in two separate incidents. But brother Christos has now revealed the extent of the problems the star has gone through, battling with alcohol and mental health issues. The two siblings were also estranged for a prolonged period, but are now back on good terms ahead of Nick's moment of destiny. "People wouldn’t know this but Nick and I stopped talking for quite a while. He was so unhappy in himself that he shut out the people that had his best interests at heart,' he wrote for The Age. "I’m far from perfect, but as a big brother it killed me seeing him go through the pain he was suffering. Mum was worried sick about him. We all were. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal bizarrely called out by UFC star just days after Wimbledon withdrawal "He was caught between trying to be someone everyone said he was and being the person he wanted to be." The older Kyrgios claimed that professional tennis changed Nick, causing him to be a "prisoner in his own body." He added: "I’d come over to visit Mum and Dad’s and Nick wouldn’t get out of bed before midday." Kyrgios, 27, is now engaged to fiance Costeen Hatzi, and Christos said the Australian Open doubles' winner had undergone a "transformation" in recent times. And whilst he is unable to be in England to support his brother in person, he took to Instagram on Sunday to offer words of support. DON'T MISS:John McEnroe calls out Wimbledon with Elena Rybakina in women's final - 'She's Russian'Sue Barker replacement: Who will replace Sue Barker as BBC's lead Wimbledon presenter?Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina shuts down fears of Russia politicising title Alongside a photo of himself, Nick and two dogs, he wrote: "Your ability to focus gives you the power to do anything you want with your life. Don’t allow distractions and negativity to get in your way. As soon as you focus on the right questions, you’ll start getting all the right answers." Djokovic will undoubtedly start the clash as favourite, as the top seed bids for a seventh Wimbledon crown, and 21st Slam title in all. But fans of the Canberra man will be hoping an extra day of rest has benefitted him, after Rafael Nadal withdrew from their scheduled semi-final with injury.