Boris Johnson, who was triumphantly elected in 2019 with a clear mandate to ‘Get Brexit Done’, emerged as a new hope for the British people; a true patriot who was genuinely passionate about the cause of our nation’s sovereignty and prosperity. Fast forward three years later, and the man who helped achieve the groundbreaking 80-seat majority we saw at the last general election has been ruthlessly ousted by his own party. Though it is clear that Boris’ premiership has been tainted with its fair share of cataclysmic scandals, this latest turn of events is nothing short of an aggressive coup d’etat by MPs who are flagrantly advancing their own political careers at the expense of the Conservative party’s credibility. Ex-Cabinet ministers who clamoured about “integrity” and morality, have proven themselves to lack any such qualities in their cold-blooded betrayal of the Prime Minister. In their shameless quest for power they have also managed to undermine the much-needed political stability our nation was enjoying after the social and economic upheavals resulting from the Covid-19 lockdowns. Familiar anti-Brexit voices, such as that of Guy Verhofstadt, along with Michel Barnier, are rejoicing at the potential prospect of an EU sympathiser becoming the next Prime Minister of the UK and dragging our country back into subservience to Brussels. We, the British people, must not let the EU establishment use this crisis as an opportunity to frustrate – or even reverse – the Brexit vote. The next leader of the Conservatives must be committed to obeying the mandate of the people, ensuring that our nation flourishes, independent and free from the shackles of the European Union or any other supranational entity. The next Prime Minister must put the interests and wishes of the British people first. They need to truly bring something new, sensible and rational to the table. This is a great opportunity for the Conservatives to live up to their name and offer a revitalised vision for Britain, which should seek to distance itself from the increasingly fragmented geopolitical climate – where we can clearly witness the ideals of liberal globalism crumbling. Instead, the next leader of the Government should focus on domestic issues; tackling the spiralling cost of living and soaring fuel prices, enforcing a firm control of our borders and pushing for a complete review of our education system. We want to see an end to the madness of ‘carbon net-zero’ and a cutting of all Green taxes and levies. Let’s invest in our industries and regenerate British agriculture and farming. What our nation now needs is a truly conservative agenda and a total repudiation of the progressive ‘woke’ ideology which is so pervasive in the Labour and Lib Dem parties. Only time will tell whether the ousting of Boris has been a ghastly mistake – however, one thing is clear: political agency belongs to the electorate. We must use our power at the ballot box to decide at the next general election who is to lead Britain into the future – and vote for a Prime Minister who genuinely represents our voices and concerns and stands firm on the defining issue of our time: the vote to Leave the EU.