Suzhal The Vortex landed on Amazon Prime Video on June 16 globally. The show follows the disappearance of a young girl in Tamil Nadu. However, this is more than just a missing persons case with the truth threatening to rip apart the town. Set against the backdrop of an annual micro-festival in the region, the story features many twists and turns which have left audiences wanting more. Suzhal the Vortex stars Kathir, Aishwarya Rajesh, Sriya Reddy and Radhakrishnan Parthiban. Amazon Prime Video has yet to officially renew the show and given it’s only been a couple of weeks, it could be too early to make a decision either way. Amazon will be looking at viewing figures before making any sort of announcement but the show has received a positive reaction from viewers on social media. READ MORE: Mirzapur season 3: Will there be another series? The drama was written by husband and wife duo Pushkar and Gayatri. On the question of a second outing, Pushkar said: “Good question. We’ve got an idea but it’s fleshed out but we still have to write it out. “So that will take a little while. We are generally very slow but we’ll get around to it.” One of the big questions left unanswered in season one involved a little girl being chased with many fans keen to find out what happened to Amani? Pushkar went on to tease: “But the answer for that is not in this season but somewhere down the line.” Gayatri said: “A lot of people have their own interpretations. So in the second season there might be a little bit of solution.” However, they said it was “too early” to give too many hints about what to expect next. The pair said they were happy viewers were picking up on the little nuances which they had expected only critics to notice. Gayatri said the reception had been “overwhelming” with reaction coming in for all over the world. Pushkar reflected: “We didn’t expect it to happen so soon. We thought with a web series with eight episodes, 45 minutes, it’s a lot time to spending on watching it. You’ll maybe watch an episode a day or two episodes a day but people are binge-watching it. “It was released on Friday and by Friday evening a whole bunch of people had watched the series. So that was heartening. People are going back-to-back-to-back on the episodes.” The filmmakers said they were pleased fans were noticing the “abstract ideas” and “metaphors” they had included. DON'T MISS...Mirzapur season 2 ending explained: Who died in Mirzapur series 2? [ANALYSIS]Mirzapur season 3: Is Munna really the father of Beena's baby? [THEORY]Mirzapur season 3: Is Bauji the father of Beena's son? [INSIGHT] Suzhal the Vortex marks the first Tamil-language series for streaming platform Amazon Prime Video but the creative pair said it was only later on they found out it would be a pioneer, which eased the pressure for them. Reflecting on the conception of Suzhal the Vortex, Gayatri said: “When we started writing we decided this story deserves a long form [format] - you need more time to explore each and every country, the world and so on. The two-hour format was not quite possible.” The duo kept the story to one side and when Amazon came along, they shared their idea with the streamer picking up Suzhal the Vortex. During the writing process they hit a stumbling block as they sought something to tie all the various story elements together. Luckily, they came across the micro-festival in the show which tied everything up. Gayatri and Pushkar also said their inspiration came from all over the world, noting particularly HBO series The Sopranos and The Wire - both of which have been cited many times as the beginning of the golden age of television for their in-depth storytelling. Suzhal The Vortex is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now