Chartered chemist and founder of SOS Serum Skincare, Bruce Green, shares his expertise on the dos and don'ts when it comes to applying sunscreen safely. "Use enough cream to cover thoroughly all exposed areas: face, nose and ears, hands, arms, and legs," Green said. Most people simply do not apply enough, and if you're actively sunbathing, you will need to apply more than you think. "As a guide, adults should aim to apply around two teaspoons of sunscreen if you’re covering your head, arms and neck. "And two tablespoons if you are covering your entire body whilst wearing a swimsuit." If, however, you are purposely laying out in the sun, "think about a double application of sun cream". Apply sunscreen to the skin up to 30 minutes before sun exposure, and then reapplying another layer once you're in the sun. READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk Green added: "Reapply sunscreen every two hours or so and after swimming or sport." "It's like getting a protective coat of armour," he said. "A good sunscreen will give protection against both UVA and UVB rays." To help protect the skin against sun damage, and to minimise the risk of skin cancer, SPF 30 (as a minimum) is warranted. "You should always use a face/body sun cream with a minimum of SPF 30," Green emphasised. DON'T MISSCliff Richard health: Star's 3 tips for 'healthy ageing' [TIPS]Sleep: The 'Navy SEAL' sleep hack to fall asleep in seconds [ADVICE]Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms of a growing tumour [INSIGHT] READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk "For ultimate protection, look for a mineral based, SPF 50, Broad-Spectrum SPF, such as SOS SPF 50 Sun Cream," said Green. "Remember, no matter how good or effective your sun protection purchase is, it will only be as good as its application and re-application." How sunscreen works Green explained: "Sun creams work to reflect UVA and UVB rays away from the skin and act as physical blockers. "This is achieved through ingredients such as inorganic minerals like zinc oxide, which are able to achieve this protective shield on the skin." Wearing make-up and sunscreen While many make-up products on the market offer SPF protection, Green cautioned that they offer "too low" of protection, such as SPF 15. "Always apply a separate sun cream product," said Green, making clear this step should be done before applying foundation, for example. Moreover, you should allow the skin a few minutes to absorb the sunscreen before applying foundation. Sunscreen don'ts Green stated: "Not applying sun cream is the main mistake to make! Just because it's not a sunny day, don’t be fooled – 80 percent of the harmful rays are still there. "Sunlight is like a good Champagne; a little can invigorate and stimulate, in excess it intoxicates and poisons." Green cautioned that not reapplying sunscreen throughout the day is another "sunscreen don't". "Just like any product you wear on your face, suncream has an expiration in terms of longevity," Green elaborated.