Garden pests are more common during the summer months and can destroy a whole garden. Pests to look out for include aphids, slugs and fungus gnats which can cause various different problems. According to gardening experts at Sutton Manor Nursery, July is a month where gardeners should “be aware” of any pest problems and “take action” if one occurs. They said: “Garden pests are a huge problem all throughout the year, but even more so in the summer months. “It is incredibly important to take action as soon as you realise that you have an infestation in your outdoor areas. “There are so many different ways that pests can cause considerable damage to your gardens.” Pests tend to chew on leaves and different parts of plants which can then lead to a whole host of other problems. READ MORE: Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine This can have implications on the growth of the plant. The experts added: “In addition to this, the pests can also transmit diseases to the plants that can spread and cause deaths in plants that you have planted and nurtured in your garden. “The common signs that you should look for in your garden and your plants are discolouration of leaves, wilting, holes, leaf curling and browning of leaves.” Decay is also a sign of a pest infestation. DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [COMMENT]Common mistakes homeowners make which could affect house value [EXPERT]Monty Don: ‘Best defence’ for tomatoes as ‘risk of blight increases’ [INSIGHT] If any of these are visible or found in the garden, the gardening experts said to “take immediate action”. They continued: “One way of getting rid of harmful pests in your garden is to actually introduce beneficial pests. “Pests such as ladybirds, lacewings and small birds are actually a brilliant way to get rid of the extremely harmful aphids. “There are so many methods that you can use to try and get rid of unwanted pests and prevent them from returning.” READ MORE: Paint: ‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating This also includes using eggshells to deter slugs and snails as well as using a homemade soap spray to get rid of bugs. If possible, it is best to use natural deterrents to keep pests including slugs and snails at bay. James Partridge at Greenshop said: “While you might think of slugs and snails as greedy predators feasting on your veg patch, it’s important to remember that these pesky bugs are also pretty for lots of other garden wildlife, including birds, frogs, toads, hedgehogs and even carpet beetles. “So, by encouraging more of these creatures to visit your garden, you can control slugs and snails naturally.” The expert recommended using a feeder or a bird table with some seed or nut mix. Ponds are also a great way to attract frogs and toads. James added: “While encouraging predators is effective, it can take a bit of time to work. “So, if slugs and snails are laying siege to your plants right now, you may also want to add some eco-friendly physical barriers. “Horticultural wool can be laid around the plant to deter slugs and snails, they’ll struggle to move over the dry, fibrous texture.”