Barcelona are reportedly prepared to put extra pressure on Frenkie de Jong in order to ensure he moves to Manchester United, according to reports. The Netherlands international doesn’t want to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. However, that won’t stop his current employers from upping the ante when it comes to getting him out the door. Barcelona signed De Jong from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019 believing the 25-year-old would be a major hit. However, the midfielder has often struggled for consistency during his time in Catalonia - blowing hot and cold under managers Xavi, Ronald Koeman, Quique Setien and Ernesto Valverde. Barcelona are determined to get De Jong off their wage bill so they can register new signings such as Robert Lewandowski, Andreas Christensen, Franck Kessie, Raphinha and Jules Kounde. They also need to re-register Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto, who have both signed new contracts with the club. And, now, Sport say Barcelona are ready to put even more pressure on De Jong to ensure he jumps ship. During pre-season, the former Ajax star has been used as a centre-back. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And though Xavi has insisted he isn’t playing games, it’s clear the Spaniard is showing De Jong he won’t be used in his natural position as a midfielder. Barcelona are well-stocked in that department, particularly after the arrival of Kessie. They believe youngsters such as Pedri and Gavi are the foundations to build on, while Nico Gonzalez is another player tipped for a bright future. That all bodes well for United, who remain calm and confident that De Jong will be theirs by the time the transfer window slams shut. Yet the player still has doubts about a move to Old Trafford. De Jong is happy at Barcelona, both the club and the city, having long dreamed of wearing their famous red and blue colours as a child. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong He wants to play in the Champions League, something United can’t offer after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. And De Jong, the publication says, would prefer to play for the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich instead. Chelsea have been linked but, while that’s the case, the Blues aren’t willing to match or better United’s offer of £63million. And Bayern Munich have spent most of their budget already, landing the likes of Sadio Mane and Matthijs de Ligt from Liverpool and Juventus respectively. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Barcelona chief Joan Laporta has again reiterated that he’d love to keep hold of the player. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "In football, you never know. I can't say categorically,” said the club’s president. “It all depends on the different parties. But in principle, I can say there is a strong possibility he stays, and I can say as president I will do my best for him to stay at Barcelona/ "The first thing to say is we want Frenkie to stay at Barcelona. “We love the player and him as a human being. I want him to stay at Barcelona. He's a high-quality player and a good guy. I also know that he wants to stay." And, when asked if De Jong needs to take a pay cut to stay, he added: "All we are doing with Frenkie is the same as the rest of the squad. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “The signings coming in have adjusted their salary to the new structure. But Frenkie has a contract and we respect that. We can't force him to take a pay cut. It's his decision. "We are trying to manage the football club in a prudent and sustainable way. “So we have to have these talks and we do so in a calm and considered way. “We have explained the situation and are grateful to any players who can help us. It was the same with Dembele and I am very grateful to him. And after months of talks, he accepted a renegotiation of his salary and he can be proud of his decision. "[If De Jong doesn't take a pay cut] Then he will continue. He has has a contract. We will respect that decision. For us, he's a Barcelona player. We count on him." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here