Lewis Hamilton has been enrolled for a new motor racing-inspired film, which Brad Pitt will play the lead for. The Mercedes driver is beginning to spread his wings away from the sport, and a movie role may be the next logical step in his career. According to The Sun, Hamilton has been onboarded to be a consultant in a new film being produced by Apple Studios. He will be present throughout the process to ensure that the racing-based movie is largely realistic and nothing is too out of the ordinary. The 37-year-old has agreed to be on set and teach Pitt all he needs to know about motorsport. It is also believed that Hamilton will also teach the team, including actors, how to use a ‘200mph-plus F1 car’. The film, which still remains unnamed, will be directed by Joseph Kosinski, who has enjoyed success with Top Gun 2 recently. A source apparently told The Sun: “This is one of those films where everything just seems to be in the right place at the right time. JUST IN: Toto Wolff explains George Russell radio chat after French GP incident “F1 is obviously huge, but Brad is totally the right man for this role. Joseph couldn’t be hotter at the moment thanks to the new Top Gun movie and Lewis is excited at the thought of a new experience. It’s perfect. They’re all so up for it.” It is believed that Hamilton will receive an executive producer credit for his help with the film, which will be another string to his bow. The Mercedes driver is beginning to transition slowly into the mainstream media, despite already being a household name, though he has been keen to assure fans that his F1 career is not drawing to a close despite rumours. DON'T MISS...Leclerc fans turn on Max Verstappen but cheer Hamilton at French GPHamilton sends message to Verstappen and Leclerc after podiumChristian Horner weighs in on Charles Leclerc crashes He finished second in the French Grand Prix, behind Max Verstappen, last weekend, as he notched up his 300th career start. And the driver has joked that he had spoken with team boss Toto Wolff about hitting the milestone of 400. He joked to PA news agency: “We talked a few weeks ago about how long our partnership can go and the number that was discussed was five to 10 years, so we can get to 400. But I still feel fresh and still feel like I’ve got plenty of fuel left in the tank.”