Millions of people who rely on PIP will be paid at a different time than usual next month because of the August Bank holiday. It also affects millions of Britons who depend on other benefits including Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits. The August Bank Holiday falls on Monday August 29 this year and is the last one of the summer. It means the day people receive their benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will be affected and people are being warned in advance. However, the good news is people who usually receive their money on Monday will be paid on Friday 26 instead. This applies to anyone who receives DWP benefits if they are paid on Monday. READ MORE: ‘Surprised it’s not a lot more’ 270,000 more Britons axe TV licence After the August Bank Holidays, the next ones fall in December on the 26 and 27 of the month. Britons who would usually receive their payment on the 26, 27th or 28th will get it early on the 23rd. Those who would typically get paid on the 29th will get it on the 28th if they are in Scotland or Wales. People who are paid on January 2 and 3 will get it on December 30th and the 4th January payment will move to the 3rd in England and Northern Ireland. DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, cash strapped Britons are being reminded to conduct a benefits check if they don’t receive Government help. Approximately £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis urges anyone earning £30,000 or less to do a 10 minute benefits check. On a recent Money Show, Martin told viewers: “It’s a tough time for many people’s pockets as we know, yet up to seven million of you are missing out on benefits and state help that you are entitled to.” READ MORE: Little known hack could save Britons £40 a month on energy bills In some cases some people with £50,000 in family income could qualify for a top up. Martin added: “And don’t think ‘it’s not me’, the benefits web can stretch as high as some people with £50,000 of family income.” More than one million people are thought to be missing out on Universal Credit since changes to the earnings threshold were brought in last year. People can quickly check using the benefits calculators on Entitled To and Turn2Us. DWP benefits to check for: