In comments which appeared to advocate ousting the Holborn and St Pancras MP from the top job, the recently sacked Labour frontbencher said it was "time to fight back" and "reclaim our party". The partner of Sir Keir's deputy leader, Angela Rayner, made the explosive comments while speaking at a rally for striking BT workers. "We need a Labour leadership that is prepared to stand up and does not look the other way when BT workers are going to foodbanks," he said. "Let’s be absolutely clear – it is not good enough, it is not good enough for the Labour Party to say that we probably won’t be able to give you a pay rise in line with inflation. "Because that means the Labour Party is committed to cutting people’s wages in real terms and that is totally unacceptable." Deep divisions within Labour were exacerbated earlier this week when Sir Keir axed Mr Tarry from his role as a shadow transport minister. Read more: Tory leadership LIVE: Rishi Sunak's brazen northern lie exposed The Ilford South MP defied orders from the party leadership not to join rail workers on the picket lines when they walked out on strike on Wednesday. Mr Tarry also gave a series of unapproved media interviews in which he appeared to make up Labour policy on the spot, suggesting the party would grant rail workers an at least inflation pay rise if in Government. Sir Keir's tough approach to discipline in the aftermath of the incident sparked outrage among left-wing MPs. Labour backbenchers lined up to attack the leader's decision and accused him of failing to be on the side of workers. Appearing alongside Mr Tarry this morning, former shadow chancellor John McDonnell appeared to call for other frontbenchers to shun Sir Keir's stance on the strikes. He said: "If you're a Labour MP, whether on the frontbench or the backbench, you should be on the picket lines."  Meanwhile, former party leader and now independent MP Jeremy Corbyn said: "I think the duty of Labour MPs is to support its affiliates." He added: "Our job is to unite everyone in this campaign for real social justice. "It's called socialism, where you don't leave anyone behind." Sir Keir has been left scrambling to regain his authority in the midst of the public display of disunity among the party. Ms Rayner has remained silent on the issue so far, failing to release any public statement supporting Sir Keir in the 48 hours since Mr Tarry was sacked. The deputy leader and Mr Tarry are understood to have become close in 2020 after he ran her campaign to take on the role as deputy leader of the party. The pair have been pictured socialising at a number of events together. Ms Rayner separated from her husband Mark in 2020.  Meanwhile, Mr Tarry, a father of two, has also parted from his wife. Speaking yesterday, Sir Keir claimed Mr Tarry's appearance on the picket lines had nothing to do with his sacking. He said: "Sam Tarry was sacked because he booked himself onto media programmes without permission, and then made up policy on the hoof, and that can't be tolerated in any organisation because we've got collective responsibility. "So that was relatively straightforward."