Yellow stains can be caused by a plethora of different things. Food, sunscreen, deodorant and tea and coffee are some of the items that can cause permanent yellow stains if they’re not cleaned correctly. For those who have items with yellow stains, an expert has shared a simple baking soda and white vinegar hack for removing them. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk exclusively told Express.co.uk: “If you’re removing yellow stains from white upholstery, reach for the baking soda and vinegar. “Apply a small amount of baking soda to the stain, dunk an old toothbrush in vinegar and scrub the baking powder into the stain. “Wipe away the residue with a clean, damp cloth.” Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is an alkali that’s normally used in baking. READ MORE: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children It’s usually mixed with acid to activate the ingredient. Bicarbonate of soda dissolves organic compounds like dirt, grease and other sticky substances. The solution is slightly abrasive which makes it even more effective for cleaning. When mixed with white vinegar, the acid breaks down the bicarbonate of soda releasing carbon dioxide gas. DON'T MISSCommon house features that devalue your home by 20% - ‘quick to amend’ [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [UPDATE]Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [ANALYSIS] This helps to lift the dirt from the surfaces being cleaned. Baking soda and white vinegar can be used in the washing machine. Homeowners can use half a cup of baking soda in with detergent to boost clothing cleanliness. A cup of white vinegar can then be poured in during the rinse cycle to help kill bacteria. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The two ingredients can also be used to unclog drains. To do this, allow hot water to run for a minute to warm up the pipes. Next, drop half a cup of baking soda down the drain. Then put in one cup of white vinegar and cover the drain with a plug.  Allow the solution to work for 10 minutes. Homeowners may hear a fizzing or hissing sound. After 10 minutes, rinse the solution away with more hot water. There are some items where baking soda should not be used to clean. Aluminium cookware, antique silver, gold-plated pieces and marble surfaces are just some of the items that shouldn’t be cleaned using baking soda.