Tyson Fury has doubled down on his offer to fight Anthony Joshua for free and claims he will sign the contract with his fellow countryman today. 'The Gypsy King' broke the internet when he offered to face 'AJ' for no wages during a recent leg of his After Party Tour. Talking about the Joshua fight earlier this month Fury listed off his requirements to face his rival, stating that the bout must take place at Wembley Stadium with no entry charge and a free-to-air television broadcast in the United Kingdom. He said:“It’s all about money, Mr Businessman [Joshua]; he’s not a fighting man. I swear to God I hope he wins the fight against Usyk so that I can come out of retirement and fight him for free. However, the terms are these; I want it at Wembley Stadium, I want it free to enter and I want it on free-to-air in television in this country. I’ll fight him in England, not abroad in a foreign country for more money; here for free for the people.” Now, in a post to social media on Wednesday Fury has reiterated his terms, saying: "Right, this is a reconfirmation about what I've said about fighting Anthony Joshua for f*** all in England. That's how the fight happens I'll sign the contract today. The fight's got to be for free. Free to air television, I want all tickets to go for free. No money is to be made out of this British, historic fight if it happens. There's the terms, I'm in the driving seat, take it or effing leave it. The ball is in your court guys, take it or leave it. Either way I don't give a damn. There's the offer, peace out."  The likelihood of a free event ever happening for such a massive fight is extremely unlikely. Two weeks ago, Fury's most recent request was laughed off by Frank Warren's son Francis Warren in an interview with Boxing Social. “Free, yeah? Apparently, there’s a video going around, I haven’t seen but yeah, we will have to look at that one,” Warren joked. Speaking to iFL TV about the same request, he added: "If someone can produce a budget then great - show me how that works - but it is what it is."  Clearly, Fury's comments should be taken with a pinch of salt. Earlier this year the lineal heavyweight champion claimed that he would only get back in the ring for £500m during an appearance on Piers Morgan Uncensored but has always entertained the idea of a blockbuster British showdown with Joshua. BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul calls out Chris Eubank Jr as YouTube star weighs in on Conor Anthony Joshua torn apart ahead of Oleksandr Usyk fight as boxing icon Joshua 'brain transplant' comment explained with AJ 'scared' of Usyk A two-fight deal between Joshua and Fury has been agreed upon in principle since June 2020, with the first fight having a 50–50 purse split and the rematch a 60–40 split in favour of the winner. Then, in March it was reported that the deal was nearing completion but dreams were shattered when a judge in the US court ruled that Deontay Wilder was owed a third fight with Fury. Shortly after, 'AJ' was forced to face WBO mandatory challenger Oleksandr Usyk in September -- which he lost -- leaving the possibility of a Joshua-Fury fight in tatters. Now, with Fury announcing his retirement in April and Joshua preparing for his rematch with Usyk on August 20 talk has begun to circulate again. Should Joshua overcome the odds and beat the Ukrainian next month then the fight will almost certainly be booked regardless of requests. Fury still holds the WBC title and appears to be keen to partake in an undisputed unification bout against the winner of the 'Rage on the Read Sea' -- be that Usyk or Joshua.