Former Aston Villa manager Alex McLeish has urged Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham to turn down any advances from Real Madrid and instead make a blockbuster move to Liverpool. Both sides have been strongly linked with a move for the England international, but any transfer may have to wait until next summer as the German side are unlikely to sell both Bellingham and Erling Haaland in the same window. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has credited Liverpool with an interest in the 19-year-old, and claimed they have contacted Bellingham’s people and Dortmund. "A few weeks ago Liverpool called the people close to Jude Bellingham and Borussia Dortmund to enquire about the situation to understand if they had the chance to make a proposal,” Romano told his YouTube channel. “The answer was no. The player is untouchable this summer. Liverpool are thinking of Bellingham alongside many other top international clubs. I’m not saying that he will be a future Liverpool player but they have started the conversations and tried to approach Borussia Dortmund. It will be a crazy race similar to the [Erling] Haaland saga." Real Madrid are also reportedly interested in Bellingham, to join a new-look midfield of Aurelien Tchouameni, Eduardo Camavinga and Federico Valverde who will eventually take over from the legendary trio of Luka Modric, Toni Kroos and Casemiro. JUST IN: Jules Kounde's next club 'confirmed' as Barcelona chief addresses Chelsea transfer hijack McLeish however has told Bellingham that it is time for him to return to England. “Jude has served his time abroad,” McLeish told Football Insider. “I always feel, when you are that age, that you want to play for someone in the Premier League. Why not Liverpool? “A couple of years ago they won the Champions League and they have recently won the Premier League. They are flying every single season, they are a force to be reckoned with. Why not Liverpool? Real Madrid might come in but is it the name that catches you more than the way you can settle into a club?”  Liverpool are reportedly unlikely to make an addition to their midfield this summer, but boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he is a fan of Bellingham. “He’s not on the market,” Klopp said. “So that’s the first problem with that player. Well, the only problem with that player! “I don’t think something will happen in midfield, but you never know. If somebody comes to you and says, ‘I want to go…’ “We can go through it. Where do you want to start? So, Fabinho, [Jordan] Henderson, Thiago, [James] Milner, [Naby] Keita, Curtis Jones, Harvey Elliott, Fabio Carvalho, [Alex] Oxlade-Chamberlain. Now you tell me what kind of player are we missing? So where is the need for a midfielder? The day when somebody comes to me and tells me why exactly.”