Naga Munchetty, 47, had the perfect response when a Twitter user took to the social media platform to criticise the BBC Breakfast presenter. Following Friday’s instalment of the BBC morning show, an unnamed user wrote: “Only me who thinks Naga Munchetty is a bit of a w****r?”The brutal comment didn’t go unnoticed by Naga and she responded a few hours later.She bluntly replied: “Doubt it.”Naga was swiftly inundated with comments from fans who praised her for her frank retort. READ MORE:Ainsley Harriott threatens legal action after sister nearly drowned Clare said: “Really like you @TVNaga01. Clearly doesn’t suffer fools gladly, does the political stories with gravitas and the naff stories with good grace and a cat lover into the bargain!”Lucy then echoed: “With excellent shoes!”Antoinette remarked: “The amount of men who have an issue with you is bloody crazy? You obviously intimidate them with your wisdom, wit and great golf handicap!”And Paul added: “TV would be better with more Naga's - yes opinionated - yes not always everyone's favourite - but smart, funny and has a personality and lets that shine through. I'll take more Naga-style presenters every day of the week thanks.” Naga has regularly presented BBC Breakfast since 2014 alongside numerous co-stars including Dan Walker, Charlie Stayt and Jon Kay.The journalist was forced to say goodbye to another colleague earlier this week when Pakistan and Afghanistan reporter, Secunder Kermani, announced he is leaving the BBC for a new job at Channel 4 News.Secunder revealed the news on Twitter, writing: “Pleased to say I’ll be joining @Channel4News as a foreign affairs correspondent later this year based out of London. “Am looking forward to working with a great team on stories right across the world.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne, 69, displays natural beauty after her face lift woes[LATEST]Ashley Roberts puts on braless display after showing off peachy rear[PICTURES] Naga was among hundreds to comment and she said his departure is a “huge loss”.She lamented: “Congratulations! A huge loss for us, and C4’s immense gain x.”Naga experienced more sadness this week following the death of her beloved cat, Missy.Sharing the sad news on Instagram, Naga said that Missy’s passing had left a “massive hole” alongside a selection of adorable photographs. She penned: “Said goodbye to our darling, sweet girl Missy yesterday.“She may have been small, but she was immense in stature. The sweetest cat I've ever loved. “She's left a massive hole in our hearts and home.”BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.