  Spice Girls star Victoria Beckham, 48, has opened up about how she had started “burying” herself in clothing after she was called both “skeletal” and “porky”. The star described how she has been driven to “do something different” with her fashion line after all the criticism she has faced.      Victoria, who has the fashion line VB Body, spoke about how she used to be perceived by the media in a new interview. “You know, it’s very much what fashion people do. I wanted to do something different. I decided I wanted to wear more fitted dresses,” she said. “I wanted to show more skin. I wanted to celebrate the fact that I’m a woman. And I wanted to stop hiding under clothes.” Opening up about a time when newspapers and magazines could write scathing articles about women’s bodies, Victoria explained how her new mindset feels like a resolution.     “I’ve had ‘Porky Posh’ on a headline, I’ve had ‘Skeletal Posh’,” she reflected. “After I had Brooklyn, there was a picture on the front of a newspaper pointing to every single part of my body as to where I had to focus on losing the weight from. Imagine doing that now.” Victoria also spoke about a resurfaced old clip a friend had sent her that included Virgin Radio presenter, Chris Evans. “I went on a TV show called Don’t Forget Your Toothbrush with Chris Evans many years ago, and I’d just had Brooklyn and lost a lot of weight after,” she told Vogue Australia.      “It happened to my mum after her pregnancies. It doesn’t mean you have an eating disorder. And he made me stand on scales and be weighed. Can you imagine doing that nowadays?” Victoria’s diet has been the subject of much speculation over the years, which has in part been thanks to her ex-footballer husband David Beckham, 47. David spoke about his wife's diet on the River Cafe Table 4 podcast, explaining that Victoria had eaten "the same thing for the last 25 years." "Since I met her she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate from that," he added. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [INSIGHT] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [NEWS] Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [NEWS]      David and Victoria have four children altogether, including three sons and one daughter. Their eldest son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, got married to actress and model Nicola Peltz in a lavish wedding in Miami earlier this year. Their second eldest child Romeo, 19, appears to be following his dad’s footsteps on the football pitch. Meanwhile, 17-year-old son Cruz has taken inspiration from his Spice Girls mother and appears to be pursuing a career in music.     Their daughter Harper is ten years old, but is due to turn eleven this Sunday. Victoria is a pop star turned fashion designer, while David is considered one of the greatest football players of all time. Vogue Australia July 2022 issue starring Victoria Beckham is on sale today, Monday 4 July.    