Prime Day officially gets underway tomorrow, July 12, but that's not stopping Amazon from slashing prices early. The online retailer has just released a swathe of bargains on its own-brand devices with some starting from as little as £12.99. Prime shoppers can head online and grab products such as the Echo smart speaker, Fire TV Stick and Kindles at prices that seem pretty hard to believe. And don't worry if you don't have Prime as Express.co.uk has a nifty trick that offers all of the best deals without paying the usual £7.99 fee. Full details here. If you want to get a pre-Prime Day discount then there's the Echo Dot for just £14.99 or the Fire TV Stick Lite for £12.99 - that's one of the lowest prices we've ever seen. Kindles also now start from as little as £34.99 and there are Fire Tablets for under £25. All of the main deals start at midnight tonight but if you fancy cashing in early then here are all of the best Prime Day deals that are available right now. BEST EARLY PRIME DAY DEALS 2022: Amazon Fire TV Sticks Now is a good time to pop a Fire TV Stick in your online shopping basket. The basic Fire TV Stick Lite is now just £12.99 with this device capable of streaming content from platforms such as Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video. If you want something a little more impressive then you'll also find the Fire TV Stick 4K and Fire TV Stick Max, which features speedy Wi-Fi 6 technology, also slashed in price. Fire TV Stick Lite • NOW £12.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K • NOW £12.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K Max • NOW £12.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Amazon Echo Fancy adding a few more Echo speakers around your home? The Prime Day sale means you can buy these music makers for as little as £16.99. Even the Echo devices with a display are now cheaper than ever with the Show 5 just £34.99 and the latest Show 10 reduced to £189.99 Echo Dot • NOW £16.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Echo Dot with Clock • NOW £29.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Echo Show 5• NOW £34.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Echo Show 10• NOW £189 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Amazon Kindle Now is a very good time to treat yourself to a KIndle with these e-readers now starting from just £34.99. Along with the Kindle getting a price cut there's also money off the popular Fire tablets with the Fire 7 now £24.99. Kindle • NOW £34.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Kindle Kids Edition • NOW £49.99 - SEE THE DEAL HERE Kindle Oasis • NOW £159.99 -  SEE THE DEAL HERE Of course, it's not just access to the sale event that you get as part of Prime as this service also offers movie and music streaming along with faster delivery with some products sent the same day. Prime also includes unlimited storage for your holiday snaps via Amazon Photos and you can share these benefits with other people in your home. “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.”