Nick Kyrgios has given his verdict on Novak Djokovic’s Wimbledon semi-final clash with Cam Norrie as he awaits the winner in Sunday’s championship match. The world No 40 is already through to the final following the withdrawal of Rafael Nadal and shared his thoughts on what is now the only men’s semi-final match. Djokovic and Norrie will do battle for just the second time, as the 20-time Major champion takes on the first-time Grand Slam semi-finalist. The winner will earn themselves a showdown with Nick Kyrgios on Sunday to play for the trophy, and the Aussie has given his thoughts on their clash while he lays in wait in the final. “We never know,” he said about the chance of meeting the top seed in the championship match. “He has an incredibly tough match today. We all know what Cam is capable of. The growth of Cameron Norrie is insane.” The 27-year-old recalled his early memories of playing the British No 1 as a child, admitting it was “nuts” that they could now meet on the biggest stage possible. Kyrgios continued: “ I just remember that kid with a pink sweatband playing under 10s that I used to destroy every time I played him. JUST IN: 'I made a mistake' John McEnroe blames Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon   “Now he's a semi-finalist at Wimbledon, and we have the chance to go up against each other at a Grand Slam is just nuts.” But Kyrgios did think the top seed was still the favourite to come through, relishing the chance to face the defending champion. “Look, I'm excited either way,” he said. “I think a Kyrgios-Djokovic final would be mouth-watering. I feel like if you do your research, I think you would consider him the favourite today. That's who I'm probably going to be preparing for. But at the same time I'm not counting Cameron Norrie out at all.” DON'T MISSRafael Nadal faces worst case scenario after Wimbledon injuryHenman teases Cash after 'four glasses of wine' before BBC dutyWimbledon nightmare as Russia claim Moscow-born finalist as their own The Aussie spoke after admitting he had a newfound “bromance” with the world No 3, revealing that Djokovic had sent him a message sharing his hopes of meeting him in Sunday’s final earlier in the week. “We actually message each other on DMs in Instagram now and stuff. It's real weird,” he smiled. “Actually, like, earlier in the week, he was like, ‘Hopefully I'll see you Sunday.’” 