Sharing the news on Twitter, the official account for The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall wrote: “Congratulations to everyone who received Honours today at Windsor Castle! Another medal for Daley! Gold medal-winning and four-time Olympian diver @TomDaley1994 was presented with an OBE for services to Diving and support for LGBTQ+ rights.”  Tom Daley, an Olympic diver, came out as gay in a video in 2013 when he was 19. Since then, Tom, 28, has married his long-term partner Dustin Lance Black. Speaking to British GQ, Tom said: “It was kind of traumatic, but then [also] a very liberating experience. “To be honest, I wish I had come out earlier.  “One thing that's hard is exploring sexuality in the public eye. I think if I wasn't in the public eye maybe things would be different. “It's a very surreal thing to have to go through that in the public eye.” The pair married at Bovey Castle in Devon in May 2016 and their son, Robbie, was born via surrogate in June 2018. Tom won gold at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and admitted he was not sure if he will compete in Paris 2024. READ MORE: Meghan 'leveraging royal status' in latest move  He said: 'It's difficult, because I know that I'm getting better. I always said that I'll keep going until my body gives up or until I get the gold medal. And I've got the gold medal. “But my body's getting better. So there are lots of decisions to be made in the next year or so. This time that I've had since the Olympics, when I've not been diving, I've realised, you know what? I actually miss it. “I actually do like diving! It's something that I would probably do recreationally anyway.” Other notable figures were also presented with Honours today at Windsor Castle by Prince Charles, including Dame Donna Langley Shamshiri, who was appointed Dame Commander of the British Empire.  DON'T MISS:UK Covid cases surge across Britain: calls for lockdown [COMMENT]Locals shove fish through holiday cottage letterbox to deter tourism [PICTURES]Alert sounded at 30,000ft as passenger flight issues 7700 'Squawk' [INSIGHT] The official Twitter account wrote: “In her role at @UniversalPics, Dame Donna has overseen film franchises such as the Bourne movies and @DespicableMe, and launched a Women in Film Mentorship programme with @THR.” Artist, writer and illustrator Oliver Jeffers was awarded an MBE for Services to the Arts. The account made on behalf of Prince Charles said: “Congratulations to artist, writer and illustrator @OliverJeffers on his MBE for Services to the Arts. “Jeffers' picture books have been translated into over 30 languages and his second book, 'Lost and Found', was developed into a @BAFTA award-winning short animated film.”