Many will celebrate, (mostly Main Stream Media Luvvies and Remainer fanatics such as Michael Heseltine and John Major), many will be terribly sad about the missed opportunity, and for some of us despite all his shortcomings, politics has just become a lot duller. A majority of people may say that is a good thing – politics is not entertainment but rather about dealing with the affairs of state, and that is undoubtedly true but charisma and the ability to “walk with Kings – nor lose the common touch” as Kipling put it, should be valued. The Remainer establishment never forgave Boris for Brexit and their celebration as the Prime Minister stepped down was unseemly and ill-mannered to say the least. Alastair Campbell – where do I start – was at his hyperbolic best. The man who brought us the Iraq war with his boss Tony Blair was on hand to moralise about Boris Johnson. Does he think we all suffer from amnesia? Seriously, the man has zero self-awareness. BBC, Sky and ITV journalists couldn’t hide their delight as they told us the Johnson era was over, even before it was. Not so much reporting the news as forcing it along. Tory opponents in Westminster were giving jubilant interviews thinking they could now just move on, ignoring the fact that many Conservative voters and members are so angry at what they see as a media/Remainer plot to oust the leader who understood who they were and what they wanted and brought an 80-seat majority in 2019. Meanwhile those who feared Johnson because he stood up for the rights of the UK, couldn’t hide their delight – Michel Barnier, remember him, eurocrat and failed French presidential candidate, and his Belgian side kick Guy Verhofstadt were so happy they could hardly contain their joy. The latter tweeted, “Boris Johnson’s reign ends in disgrace, just like his friend Donald Trump…Things can only get better.” So much for the language of diplomacy. Grace and basic good manners have left the scene. And a reminder that these are the sort of politicians who Heseltine and Major want us to become closer to again – no thanks. So many in the Westminster bubble and on the Brussels gravy train are very happy that Johnson is gone and this should be concerning for all those who value UK democracy.It leaves us asking who actually runs our country – is it the media, commentators, Brussels, other vested interests or are the people actually the ones who decide?Did Boris Johnson make mistakes? Yes, he did, many mistakes including the monumental mistake of agreeing the Northern Ireland Protocol and causing an internal border in the UK. He was trying to put that right despite EU intransigence and I hope whoever succeeds him will continue to right the great wrong of the Protocol. Stopping Jeremy Corbyn becoming PM was for me Johnson’s greatest achievement. People may think things are tough at present but my goodness they would have been so much worse. Johnson also made good decisions such as those around the vaccine roll-out and of course the interventions he made to support President Zelensky in Ukraine. The people of Ukraine have told us that even if the UK doesn't value Boris Johnson they certainly do, and all that he has done in leading the charge against Putin, who by the way must be absolutely delighted that Johnson is going. All Leaders make a mixture of mistakes and good decisions and it should be for the electorate to decide in the round at a general election whether to re-elect or reject. Along the way there will be by-elections at which people can make their views known, and that has certainly been the case recently. The Conservative parliamentary party, however does love to engage in regicide, whether it’s Margaret Thatcher or Boris Johnson – whatever the consequences. Too often Tory colleagues rush for the nuclear “change the leader” button instead of engagement. I don’t know whether Boris Johnson would have won the next General Election – we will now never know, but surely it was up to the electorate to decide on his future as PM and not a group of self-serving MPs who were then able to persuade their colleagues that his time was up. In his resignation speech Boris referred to the “herd” mentality amongst his parliamentary colleagues. As someone who was stabbed in the front last year by my colleagues, I know exactly what he means. Leadership challenges start with those who think they can do better, people who are blinded by ambition regardless of their ability. The interests of the country are not their main focus but rather themselves and how they can climb the infamous greasy pole. The “herd” are persuaded to follow as they don’t want to be on “the wrong side” and instead of making their own balanced judgement they get carried away in the moment, perhaps hoping for preferment in any new dispensation. Principle and loyalty are thin on the ground. I am sure there are many who will in a couple of months wonder if they did the right thing - some of them will never admit it of course even if they know they didn’t. So now we move into a new chapter for the Conservative Party and for this Government. The next few weeks will bring forward many who think they are capable of leading the country at this difficult time, but as we are told in the Bible “many are called but few are chosen”.