Thomas Muller ruthlessly laughed off a move to Arsenal after being asked by a fan. The Bayern Munich vice-captain was caught off guard by a fan while signing autographs on the Bundesliga Champions pre-season tour, quickly responding with a mocking no. Muller is widely regarded as a legend in Munich having spent his entire career in Bavaria. He has played a huge 624 games in all competitions since making his debut in 2008, scoring 227 goals and contributing a further 243 assists. He has a stacked trophy cabinet from his time at the club having won the Bundesliga 11 times and the Champions League twice. The unorthodox midfielder also boasts an impressive record for the national team having won 116 caps and scoring 44 times. He was crucial in their World Cup winning run in 2014 having finished the tournament as its second top scorer having found the net five times. Given the loyalty he has shown throughout his career, it is perhaps unsurprising that he has no intention of leaving the German champions. Twitter user @slideintomyCDMs asked the 32-year-old to join his club Arsenal with the Munich hero laughing before responding with a strong no. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer fee Muller is unlikely to be a target for Mikel Arteta given Arsenal’s clear intention to sign younger players approaching their prime during the summer’s transfer window. Fabio Vieira, 22, and Gabriel Jesus, 25, have both joined the club so far with both coming in with a considerable shelf life with room for progression. Oleksandr Zinchenko looks to be the next star to join and is the same age as his former Manchester City team-mate, hence coming with a large scope for growth. 19-year-old Brazilian forward Marquinhos has also arrived as a name for the future with the Gunners looking to build a squad that can challenge in five years in addition to now. Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale approves of the Emirates hierarchy’s intention to target young players with potential. The stopper spoke to Sky Sports about how much this could help the team. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal "We're bringing in players who are hungry and young like we did the previous summer," he said. "But we're also bringing in winners as well, who have done it at this level. Everyone who's come in has raised the level and if anyone else can come in and raise it again, it's only going to benefit us." It is clear that Muller will not be joining Arsenal in the summer given his humorous retort however Gooners can look forward to the upcoming season with excitement given their transfer business so far.