A plume of boiling air is making its way from the Mediterranean and will smash into the UK at the start of next week to trigger a heatwave. On Friday, maximum temperatures will hit a high of 28C in London and just a few degrees lower in surrounding areas up to North West England, according to the latest weather maps from WXCHARTS. The mercury will dip slightly on Saturday with highs of 25C in South East England before nudging back up to 28C on Sunday in many southern areas of the UK and possibly 26C as high up as in the North East below Newcastle. Maximum temperatures will remain at around 28C in the same areas but it will be Tuesday when the UK will be smashed by the start of a scorching week-long heatwave that sends weather maps turning blood red. Millions of Britons will be basking in the latest scorcher, with highs of 31C around London and East Anglia, dropping only slightly to 30C in many other surrounding areas in the south. Large regions of northern England could see temperatures of 27C, while Wales could enjoy 25C heat. But on Wednesday, the latest heatwave picks up significant speed as the mercury could hit a stunning high of 34C across a small region in southern England. Maximum temperatures will range from 30C-33C in several other surrounding areas as the bottom half of the UK map turns blood red. Thursday will see highs of 32C at the far point of South East England and then down to highs of 27C in the South West next Friday. But the scorching heatwave makes a swift return on Saturday July 16, with highs of 30C-31C showing in the South West, and just a few degrees lower as far up as the North West. The mercury ramps up again just 24 hours later on the Sunday and could again peak at 34C in some southern areas of England, and above 30C in London, the South West, South East and East Anglia. READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast warning as roads could MELT in 40C heatwave The Midlands could bask in heat of 28C, with those in Northern Wales enjoying maximum temperatures of 27C. Heatwave conditions continue into the start of the new working week on July 18, the maps showing the mercury could once again peak at 34C in the South East. The Met Office said an "Azores High" will extend over the UK throughout this weekend, with temperatures increasing day-by-day that will lead to "prolonged sunshine for much of the UK". Highest temperatures are expected in southern and central England and Wales, although temperatures across the vast majority of the UK will be "above average" through this week and into early next week. DON'T MISSWildfire horror in Spain as 'burning' heat intensifies [PICTURES]UK hot weather: New maps turn BLOOD red in 41C heat [MAPSBBC Weather: Kirkwood predicts mercury to shoot up to 29C this week [VIDEO] Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist David Oliver said: “We’re at the start of a stretch of warm weather for much of England and Wales, that could last for much of next week. "In the short term, many can expect temperatures in the mid to high 20s Celsius over the weekend, and then in the low 30s Celsius during the start of next week. Much of next week will remain warm for the time of year as well as dry and sunny.” The Met Office added in its latest update: Heatwave criteria is likely to be met in some locations from the weekend and into early next week. "Most likely areas for these thresholds to be met is the southwest England and south Wales, although other areas with higher thresholds could also reach heatwave thresholds early next week." AccuWeather Senior Meteorologist Tony Zartman said temperatures could surge from a high of 28C on Sunday to a scorching 33C by Sunday in south-central and southeast England. He told Express.co.uk: "High pressure will be building across Spain beginning today and strengthen through the upcoming weekend. "This high will be generating warm to hot air that will expand north into southern parts of England by later in the weekend and early next week (Sunday through Tuesday), with the peak currently expected to be on Tuesday. "Maximum temperatures across south-central and southeast England will rise from around 25-28C on Sunday to around 30-33C on Tuesday. "Areas from Wales and northern England north through Northern Ireland and Scotland will not be as warm. Other than an isolated shower across northern Scotland, most places will be dry both Sunday and Monday. "A weak front will bring scattered showers to Northern Ireland, Scotland and perhaps into northwest England on Tuesday. "By Wednesday and Thursday, temperatures may drop off slightly across southern England but more very warm to hot air may arrive for next weekend."