An endearing photo of a young Duke of Cambridge has resurfaced. While many of the senior royals bare a striking family resemblance, this picture is so uncanny it left even the Prince amazed. Comparisons were made between the body language of Prince William and his son George after their appearance together at the Platinum Jubilee. However, in this case it is his second child, Charlotte, who bears an exceptional likeness to the Prince. Prince William mistook a picture of him go-karting in 1992 with his daughter Princess Charlotte. In 2020 the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Khidmat Centre in Bradford. While there, the couple was presented with a cake baked by Siami Ali adorned with photos representing their life and family. According to the Sun, when Prince William spotted the image of his 10-year-old self, he was blown away by how closely he resembled Charlotte. He reportedly said: “Is that me? Doesn’t it look like Charlotte?” Kate agreed: “It looks so much like Charlotte.” Still in disbelief, William said: “Is that me? That looks just like Charlotte, that’s incredible, I haven’t seen that before. “Very alike in similarity.” It’s not the first time Princess Charlotte’s similarity to her dad has been observed. Royal commentators Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie of podcast Royall Obsessed argued the young Princess had inherited William's cheeky smile. READ MORE: Kate dazzles and she and William bring Prince George to Wimbledon [REVEAL] The pair agreed Charlotte has a one-sided smile similar to that of her father. Ms Fiorito said: "I think Charlotte has her father's smile. "The cheeky little smile that you can see in her pictures, to me, is so Prince William. "Charlotte has a one-sided smile and I love it." Meanwhile Princess Charlotte was described as a "mini me" version of Prince William by royal watchers when the 2020 Christmas card of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge was released. DON'T MISS: Prince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staff [REVEAL]Prince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staff [INSIGHT]Kate dropped into controversy – picture mocks Wimbledon's Russia ban [ANALYSIS] One fan of the family-of-five wrote on Twitter: "Charlotte is William’s mini me, and William used to be Diana’s". Opening up about his daughter in the 2020 ITV documentary, ‘Prince William — A Planet for Us All’, the Duke of Cambridge said: “Now I’ve got George, Charlotte and Louis — they’re my life and your outlook does change.” When she was born in 2015, Prince William also said she was a “little joy of heaven”. He has given rare snippets of insight during royal engagements, for instance, he saying that she “loves to dance”.