Emmerdale has been thriving since the 1970s with a plethora of memorable characters making the ITV soap what it is today. One of which was Butch Dingle (played by Paul Loughran) who was central to the Dingle family as the son of Zak (Steve Halliwell) and Nellie Dingle (Sandra Gough). Sadly, his time in the village ended tragically, leaving the famous family devastated. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Butch Dingle, whose real name is Francis Albert Dingle, first showed up in Emmerdale in 1994 and starred in the ITV drama for six years. He was given the nickname "Butch" by his dad when he was six years old after bringing some flowers home from school to dry and press into a book. Zak thought his son was too sensitive so started calling him Butch to try and get him to "man up". Unable to express how he truly felt in fear of letting his dad down, this led to Butch becoming a troublemaker and a bully during the early years of his life in the village. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Years later, Butch was in a relationship with Emily Wylie (Kate McGregor), despite her father's disapproval. Sadly, in 2000, tragedy struck as he was involved in a village bus crash, leaving him with serious injuries. Eager to be man and wife, Butch and Emily got married while he was in hospital but he died shortly after. Butch is buried next to his brother who died a few years earlier with a tombstone that reads "Dead but still Dingles". After leaving Emmerdale behind, actor Paul Loughran went on to feature in various series. Some of which included Doctors, The Bill, Heartbeat, Mobile and I Fought the Law. His biggest role after leaving the Yorkshire series was in ITV's Blue Murder for six years as DS Butchers. Loughran then decided to take a step back from acting altogether and pursue a very different career. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom star pays tribute to ‘incredible’ actor Emily Cox [TRIBUTE]Martelle Edinborough age: How old is Emmerdale's Suzy Merton star? [AGE]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton leaves village for good in Holly twist [THEORY] For seven years after, the Butch star went back to university so he could train to be a primary school teacher. He reportedly worked at a school in Blackburn until 2016 when he rejoined the world of entertainment in the drama Jericho. In the same year, he appeared as Darryl Perkins, the imprisoned father of Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) in Coronation Street. One year later, he also had a minor role in BBC medical drama Casualty. Little is known about Loughran's life after 2017 as he hasn't appeared on TV since. He doesn't have any social media so his relationship status is also unknown. It is believed that Loughran could have returned to his career in education. Emmerdale airs four nights a week at 7.30pm on ITV.