Manchester United have been warned Frenkie de Jong doesn't want to join the club because of the uncertainty around Cristiano Ronaldo and following the departures of players like Paul Pogba. Former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor has given a stark verdict on the Red Devils' pursuit of the Barcelona star. United have been targeting De Jong throughout the summer window. A fee has been agreed with Barca but the player is desperate to stay at the Nou Camp. Erik ten Hag knows the player well from his time at Ajax. However, that doesn't appear enough to convince him to make the move to Old Trafford. Ten Hag has reiterated his stance that Ronaldo is not for sale despite the 37-year-old telling the club he wants to leave. Meanwhile, Pogba left at the end of his contract and has rejoined Juventus. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target fourth deal, Chelsea £55m bid, Barca plot Arsenal move  Agbonlahor says United do not have the pull that they once did. And he says the departure of Pogba, along with Ronaldo's situation, is putting De Jong off even more. Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and Man United fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. DON'T MISSArsenal have fresh transfer need as injury creates Mikel Arteta dilemmaBarcelona star Frenkie de Jong breaks silence as Man Utd look to close dealMan Utd have free run at £42m striker who fits swashbuckling Ten Hag style  “Manchester United have got Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be? "And they've got problems at their club. He will choose Bayern or Chelsea or stay at Barcelona."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt