The Ministry of Defence said the Panorama investigation had put “brave Armed Forces personnel” at risk. Last night’s programme said it had identified 54 suspicious killings by one SAS unit on a six-month tour. But the MoD insisted the claims were “fully investigated” and two Royal Military Police probes did not find enough evidence to prosecute. Panorama said one victim in 2010 was Haji Ibrahim, a former district governor, whose hands were bound before he was killed. The SAS said he was shot dead “when he demonstrated hostile intent by brandishing a hand grenade”. Panorama claimed another man who had surrendered and been detained was killed on January 15, 2011. The official account says he “reached behind a mattress, pulled out a hand grenade, and attempted to throw it”. Several weeks later, the unit killed a detainee who “attempted to engage the patrol with a rifle”. Panorama said the same reason was given for other shootings the next month. An MoD spokesman said: “We believe BBC Panorama’s episode about SAS operations in Afghanistan jumps to unjustified conclusions from allegations that have already been fully investigated. “We have provided a detailed and comprehensive statement to Panorama, highlighting unequivocally how two service police operations carried out extensive and independent investigations into allegations about the conduct of UK forces. “Neither found sufficient evidence to prosecute.” The spokesman added: “Insinuating otherwise is irresponsible, incorrect and puts our brave Armed Forces personnel at risk, both in the field and reputationally.” “The Ministry of Defence of course stands open to considering any new evidence. But in the absence of this, we strongly object to this subjective reporting.” The SAS took over counter-uprising operations in 2009, with hundreds of raids on suspected Taliban targets. The aim was to arrest key insurgency leaders and those involved in bomb-making. But the BBC said “grave” intelligence flaws meant civilians were mistakenly caught in the operations. A senior officer who worked at Special Forces HQ said: “Once somebody is detained, they shouldn’t end up dead. For it to happen over and over again was causing alarm at HQ. It was clear that something was wrong.”