Currently, households are experiencing a double whammy of skyrocketing energy bills and rising inflation. As it stands, inflation is sitting at 9.1 percent and is expected to exceed 11 percent by the end of this year. The UK’s energy price cap is also expected to rise to £3,200 in October, placing further pressure on households. With these economic issues not showing signs of slowing down, the chances of the country falling into a recession are becoming more and more likely. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Rihannon Philps, a personal finance expert at NerdWallet, shared her thoughts on how households can safeguard their finances ahead of the “looming recession”. Ms Philps explained: “While it is certainly daunting to switch on the news at the moment and hear yet another report focusing on the state of the economy or a looming recession, there are a number of precautionary measures you can take to prepare yourself for any future difficulties that could occur. “These are just some of the main considerations that can be taken into account when it comes to strengthening your financial position ahead of a recession.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  The finance expert noted the importance of paying off your debts ahead of a possible economic downturn. She added: “Always aim to prioritise paying off debts, with a particular focus on any high-cost debts such as credit cards or pricey overdrafts. “There are very few feelings comparable to the relief of knowing that you’re in a debt-free position, and paying off as much as you possibly can in the lead-up to a potential recession should help to give you breathing space if there are any financial difficulties thrown your way later down the road. “It’s always worth researching whether the amount you need to pay back on your debts can be reduced by lowering interest, for example with a zero percent balance transfer credit card.  “If you do choose this option, you need to make sure that you can pay off the card before the zero percent deal expires as interest charges would apply after this.” Furthermore, Ms Philps emphasised how the threat of recession is an opportunity for families to review their spending habits. “It might seem obvious, but many people are often unaware of exactly where their money is going each month,” she said. “A £10 direct debit here and a £5 meal there might not seem like a big deal, but all these little expenses can add up, so an MOT of your finances can help to analyse where you can make changes and what you need to prioritise in your monthly budgets. “Creating a simple budget sheet on your computer that highlights all your bills and outgoings (both necessary and luxury) in one place should help you to see where you can afford to cut back. “It might be that some of the subscriptions you are still paying for are no longer needed, or you can save by finding a cheaper deal elsewhere.” Access to a healthy emergency fund of savings is also a crucial factor in surviving a recession, according to the personal finance expert. Ms Philps said: “Nobody, regardless of the type of work they are in or the amount of money they earn, is exempt from the possibility of financial difficulties. “Because of this, it’s worth building up a financial buffer fund on the off chance you lose your job, are unable to work, or become faced with unexpected costs in the future. “In an ideal world, individuals would have built up around three to six months worth of savings ahead of the recession. “However, this may not be realistic for many people, whose finances may be stretched because of the rising cost of living. “But any amount you can save is better than nothing and could help to cushion any financial blows you may encounter in the future.”