Tiger Woods is relishing the opportunity to play at The Open once again. The golf legend missed the US Open last month as he did not want to jeopardise his chances of appearing at St Andrews this year.  The American won three of his 15 majors at The Open, known by many as the "Home of Golf", which will celebrate its 150th anniversary when the tournament commences next week. Prior to his comeback at The Masters, the 46-year-old committed to competing in Scotland this year as he wants “one more run at a high level” at capturing the prestigious Claret Jug in Scotland. Speaking on Tuesday following the JP McManus Pro-Am in Ireland, Woods said: "The plan was to play the US Open. But physically I was not able to do that. No way physically I could have done that. I had some issues physically with my leg and it would have put [the Open] in jeopardy. There’s no reason to do that. "This is a pretty historical Open we are going to be playing. I’m lucky enough to be part of the past champions who have won there and want to play there again. I don’t know when they are ever going to go back while I’m still able to play at a high level. And I want to be able to give it at least one more run at a high level." JUST IN: Tiger Woods turns hero by helping woman hit by tee shot from Dragon's Den star Peter Jones   The Open will mark just the third tournament Woods has entered since his return to action at The Masters in April. Woods also made the cut at the PGA Championship, but was clearly struggling with his right leg at Southern Hills before deciding to pull out and skipped the US Open. At the JP McManus Pro-Am, he used a golf cart at times to get around Adare Manor Hotel & Golf Resort in County Limerick. "I’ve gotten a lot stronger since the PGA, that’s for sure," Woods added. "I’ve been able to put in a lot more reps, which is great. “I still prefer riding in a cart. I’m doing that here only because I don’t need to push it right now. I’ve got a long week ahead of me and all of next week to do that. Save the legs. We can still train as hard as we do each and every day.  “But as far as duration on my feet, let’s try and keep that to a minimum until we have to. And then when we have to, let’s go." Asked how long he believed he could be competitive at The Open beyond this year, Woods replied: "If you would have asked me last year if I’d play golf again, all of my surgeons would have said no. “But here I am playing, and I’ve had played two major championships this year. I will always be able to play golf, whether it’s this leg or ... different body pieces that have been replaced or fused. But if you say championship level, that’s a totally different story. That window is not as long as I would like it to be." The sport’s oldest major gets will take place between July 14-17. 