The much anticipated Blackpool week will feature on this year's Strictly Come Dancing. After three years of disruption due to the coronavirus, competitors will get the chance to twirl on the northern city's iconic Tower Ballroom floors. Surviving the pandemic, Strictly Come Dancing is gearing up to hit a big milestone and that means it's finally time to return to some of the show's most iconic venues. However fans won't spend another year disappointed at not seeing their favourite pairs waltz in one of the show's much-loved landmarks. It has been confirmed the next series will make the journey back to the iconic Blackpool Tower Ballroom. A much anticipated week throughout the competition, the show struggled to air from its northern hub due to coronavirus restrictions. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? After three years of disruptions, the BBC said Blackpool marks the return of the series to "normal" programming at long last. Good news for both contestants and audiences alike, Blackpool has been branded as a landmark week for dancers to reach during the competition. A source told The Sun newspaper: "Blackpool week is such an important part of Strictly and everyone was gutted not to be able to go for the last two years. "The production team are working out the logistics but everyone is feeling really hopeful that the show will be able to return there for 2022. "And the fact that it will reach the landmark 20th series makes it all the more important." A new stop could be also added to the show's roster with none other than Buckingham Palace itself rumoured to host the show. It has been revealed Prince Charles and Camilla are "very much driving" the cause to have their favourite BBC Latin and ballroom show broadcast live from the royal residence. The BBC "couldn't quite believe what was being offered" when Buckingham Palace came knocking on Strictly Come Dancing's door. DON'T MISS...Strictly’s Dianne Buswell laments Anton du Beke's dramatic role change [INSIGHT]'Twinkle toes' Shirley Ballas says Strictly should perform at Palace [COMMENT]‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage [INSIGHT] Circulating the rumour mill ahead of the upcoming series, fans and experts have been putting together guesses for who will feature in the sparkling line-up. The Glitterball Trophy went home with actress Rose Ayling-Ellis last year, so who is in the running to fill her dancing shoes this time? It has been speculated BBC bosses are looking to add some flavour to the menu this winter by going after two famous foodies. Celebrity chef, Gino D'Acampo and host of daytime show Packed Lunch, Steph McGovern, are both tipped to appear on the dance floor. Next, swapping sports for the Samba, Olympic diver Tom Daley and former sports presenter Helen Skelton are reportedly being chased by Strictly, with the latter being listed as one of the "top targets". Long rumoured to be donning some sequins, is queen of the 2016 I'm a Celeb jungle and former Gogglebox star, Scarlett Moffatt. She told DigitalSpy: “The Strictly people think I’m this pro dancer because I do a few dances on TikTok. I think everyone thinks I’m a professional dancer." Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air on BBC One in the autumn.