There is now a hugely important decision for the 160,000 party members to make. Their choice will determine the future of the United Kingdom. Of course, there will be some who feel bereft at Boris Johnson’s imminent departure from No 10, especially after his bravura performance during Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday. However, the party needs to look ahead. A new PM will be in place by early September, and it promises to be a fascinating contest. It has been suggested that Mrs Truss has the party membership behind her, making her the favourite to win the leadership race, but she won’t take anything for granted. Conservatives will want to see both candidates at hustings, and listen carefully to what they have to say. It will be interesting to see whether Mr Sunak can win over party members and demonstrate that he is the right man to steer the nation through challenging times. The two hopefuls clearly have different visions for our future. There is certain to be vigorous debate over the next few weeks but both will be aware that once it is over, the party must unite around a new leader. Televised debates in recent days have seen contenders knocking the stuffing out of each other. Their discussions sometimes became personal. Future hustings will have a different tone. Both Mr Sunak and Mrs Truss will want to have a clean fight, while making their positions clear.  Dame Deborah James has been laid to rest in a dignified funeral. She achieved a remarkable amount in a relatively short life and her legacy will be there for decades to come. The funeral must have been exceedingly challenging for her family. The nation’s love and support is there for them. By raising awareness of bowel cancer, Dame Deborah saved lives. Her work was carried out with the vital support of those who loved her, which continued into her final days, and we are all grateful. British people don’t usually celebrate when the temperature drops, but everyone will welcome cooler weather today. The country often seems to struggle with extreme weather conditions, and this week has been no exception. Let’s hope there are more sunny days to come this summer, but preferably not quite as sunny as those we’ve just endured. 