It is strange, is it not? Miners used to strike, dockers walk out, British Leyland fitters shut down production lines. Union aggression seemed to be the preserve of the manual worker, and indeed the old fashioned working class. Faces and lungs black with coal dust, hands calloused from a lifetime riveting steel plate, they were the horny handed sons of toil who actually might just have had an axe to grind and point you could sympathise with. Not any more. Currently holding the country to ransom - which let us face it is the ultimate point of industrial action - are those well-known victims of capitalist oppression doctors and barristers. Oh and teachers. And railway workers, who as we all know earn well above the average UK salary and even into six figures. Well-paid workers of the world unite, you have nothing to lose but your capital gains. Doctors' union the BMA is demanding a 30 per cent pay increase. That is not a typo, that is actually THIRTY per cent. And if it does not happen they will ballot for industrial action and we will all be healing ourselves for a bit. The NHS website tells us the most junior trainee doc earns between £30,000 and £34,000 which rapidly spirals up through £40,257 to £53,398, £50,373 to £78,759, £80,693 to £91,584 and, as a consultant, a basic salary of £84,559 to £114,003 per year (massively subbed in many cases with private work). Head spinning yet? How do the poor loves scrape by? The BMA is an odd fish. A venerable near-200-year-old institution it was a gentlemans club fiercely opposed to the NHS - until Nye Bevan basically bought off all the doctors with bribes. Now it boasts an increasing number of leftie firebrands and is basically Momentum for medics. One suspects however its predilection for taking the money remains - hence the 30 per cent demand. Elsewhere our poor barristers are demanding a 25 per cent increase to stave off penury, teachers 12-15 per cent dependent on the union and railway workers seven per cent which is starting to look positively Spartan. Of course if successful these middle class bids for a self-interested pay hike would hit us all. We all know inflation has risen stratospherically in the last 12 months from less than one per cent to more than nine per cent - and this has hit everyone from dockers to barristers hard. But very annoyingly, and it is really really annoying, the answer to too much money in the money supply is not higher wages and thus greater money supply. That way lies an economics 101 inflationary spiral - the £2.50 litre of petrol and the three quid tub of butter. The cost of living crisis and its associated nine percent inflation is dreadful but it is a blip largely triggered by Vladimir Putin and A Chinese virus lab in Wuhan. No western nation has escaped it. Almost all indicators suggest it will be back down to a more manageable 2.5 per cent within a year. In the meantime we need to stoically grit our teeth, tighten our belts and hold our nerve. It will pass.