Matt Willis has revealed his children he shares with wife Emma prefer to shun fame, and they feel “uncomfortable” when their well-known parents are approached in public. It comes as a huge reaction was sparked on social media when one of their sons wore a pink top and sported long hair. Matt, 39, spoke to Wendy Golledge on the Sweat, Snot & Tears podcast about the pressures of fame and what his children think about it all. He shares Isabelle, 13, Ace, ten, and Trixie, six, with his Big Brother presenter wife Emma Willis, 46. Wendy asked him: “Do the kids get involved with any of the fame with you guys now? I know you keep them off of social media as much as possible, but do they get involved?” “No, I don't think so,” Matt replied. “I don't think they really care about that stuff, they don't want to be famous. “I think we've kind of instilled that in them that that's kind of like a byproduct of what we do.” He continued: “In my experience, when I was younger, it was the down point. “I loved everything about it apart from being famous. “Now, it's much easier for me so I've got kind of a level which I really like where if anyone knows who I am, they're a fan, and then they've got something cool to talk about. “Whereas with Emma, if she goes anywhere, people stare at her, so they don't really like that, I think they find that a bit uncomfortable sometimes. “People come up to her, they find that uncomfortable but they deal with it quite well.” Matt added: “We're always really open and honest with them about everything, so I think they've kind of got a good grip on it, I think. DON'T MISS...'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [ADMISSION]Lily James, 33, looks unrecognisable in stunning gothic transformation [PICTURES]Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz's gesture to 'protect their marriage' [INSIGHT] “Plus, in my daughter's class there's quite a famous footballer's kid, so we're nothing to them!” Matt also explained he prefers to stay away from social media, and if he does post something he won’t read the comments. He inadvertently sparked an enormous debate with one picture he uploaded, showing middle child Ace with long blonde hair, wearing a pink top. Followers of Matt and Emma, who got married in 2008, flocked to share their opinion on gender norms for children upon seeing the photo - but the parents don’t want their kids to be affected by anyone else’s opinion. “I just love my son and I let him be whoever he wants to be,” said Matt. “I don't see why how you want to dress or how you want to have your hair should be such a big talking point, but it is to some people and that really shocked me. “And I think what happened after that really made me kind of go, ‘Yep, stay away from that.’ “It kind of really cemented that for me. I'm like, ‘I don't want you having to worry about this s**t right now.’”