Towels are one of the most used linens in homes and are also one of the most prone to stains and soiling. Washing them can be time consuming as well as expensive, especially if forking out on lots of different products. Whether the stains come from dirt, liquids, food, makeup, or anything else, there is no need to only rely on common cleaning products, as you can use cheap alternatives to tackle the chore. One substitute in particular has made the rounds on social media as well as amongst cleaning experts and that’s baking soda. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, has been used when cleaning the home for several years and it is extremely versatile. It tends to be used to clean items like the carpets, targeting limescale and cleaning a toilet. However, it can also be used to brighten and remove stains from towels. Baking soda can also help soften wash water, meaning towels may come out of the machine softer. This can even be used as a fabric softener replacement as actual fabric softener should never be used when washing towels. Fabric softener contains wax and oil that repels water, which means if it is used to wash towels they will not be as absorbent as they used to be. READ MORE: I tested a 10p hack to clean my greasy cooker hood filter - so easy! Baking soda has the same conditioning properties and can also work at removing stains on towels. Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their brightness. For this method, I started by filling up a container with warm water and then poured in a generous serving of Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda, which was around one cup. This product retails for only £1 in Home Bargains, but can also be picked up form Ocado for £2. Then I added the towel to the container and made sure it was entirely submerged into the water. DON'T MISSGrow ‘healthier’ hydrangeas using worms - gives ‘access to nutrients’ [EXPERT]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [TIPS]Where does Penny Mordaunt live now? Inside the life of the ‘outsider’ [INSIGHT] It was then important to leave the towel soaking in the water for at least two hours as a pretreatment for the stains. Once the two hours were up, I took the towel out of the container and wrung it out before putting it in the washing machine. To accompany the towel in the washing machine drum, I added only a light sprinkling of baking soda and a quarter of a cup of laundry detergent to the washing machine drawer. I then set the washing machine cycle to a 40 degree wash, which took less than an hour. The reason I set the temperature to 40 degrees is because cleaning experts have said that this is the best temperature to wash towels at. READ MORE: Estate agent shares how to ‘maximise’ house value with ‘no costs’ Washing at 40 degrees will ensure your towels stay feeling and looking their best for longer, whilst removing most of the germs that breed there. When the time was up, I opted to let the towel air dry outside due to the hot weather the UK is enjoying at the moment, rather than using the tumble dryer. But before hanging the towel out to dry, I made sure to give the towel a good shake after washing as this helps to fluff the fibres that aid with absorbency. Hanging the towel out to dry I was amazed with how well it removed every single stain. Not only that, but it also brightened the towel so much - I had never seen it look so white. After leaving the towel outside for an hour, it had already dried and was not hard and crunchy at all. Using detergent with bleach will also help to keep white towels bright. This will also help to remove more basic stains such as makeup or dirt. For it to work, use a mixture of bleach and water with detergent to soak the towels first, just like the baking soda method. Then, rinse them out and put them through a regular wash.