Scams now account for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. While there are a variety of scams doing the rounds, fraudsters are taking advantage of the cost of living crisis to con people out of cash. Experts are warning Britons not to fall for cost of living scams inviting people to apply for Government help. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has issued a warning to people to “watch out for scammers targeting people about the Cost of Living payments”. Britons do not need to apply for this financial help as it will be paid into their bank accounts automatically. On Twitter, the DWP said it will never ask for personal details by text or email. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rate on savings to 2.75% offer - 'Excellent' The DWP said if one is eligible: "You do not need to apply for the payment "You do not need to call us "Payment to you is automatic "We will never ask for personal details by SMS or email."  DON'T MISS:State pension rise slammed: 'Protection of pensioners is crazy' [UPDATE]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING]Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more [ALERT]  The DWP warnings have been echoed by Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis who mentioned the scam in his weekly MSE newsletter. Action Fraud is also asking people to be vigilant and not fall for an Ofgem scam. A spokesperson warned: "In May, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced that all households with an electricity supply would receive a £400 grant. “However, this will be paid in lump sums from October automatically – there's no need to apply. "You will never be texted by Ofgem to sign up to anything in order to get money or a rebate – so if you get a text like this, don't respond to it or click any links." READ MORE: Universal Credit: Why you might not receive £324 cost of living boost Fraudsters are becoming more and more sophisticated and are even able to ‘spoof’ numbers of banks. This Morning viewer Millie Clark how she lost £22,000 in a sophisticated scam, where fraudsters convinced her they were from her bank, HSBC. She received a call from someone pretending to be from HSBC and when she questioned if they were from the bank the caller asked her to check the reverse of her bank card. The number was the same because fraudsters can “number spoof” which means they can change their number identity to match the bank's. Meanwhile, there are a number of HMRC scams currently doing the rounds which people need to watch out for. HMRC recently issued three tips to help people spot a scam: