Princess Beatrice, 33, gave birth to Sienna Mapelli Mozzi in September 2021 but managed to get her body back almost instantly. Her breathtaking appearance was seen lately when she was celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with the rest of her family. Princess Beatrice could manage to lose weight after giving birth to a baby girl because she followed a balanced diet and exercised regularly.  What other measures did she go to achieve such impressive weight loss? Dr Charlotte Norton, the Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic claims the Princess used a natural method to initially lose weight. She told Express.co.uk: “I’m sure there would have been a lot of factors which contributed to Princess Beatrice’s impressive post-baby weight loss. “One of the things that aids with weight loss significantly is breastfeeding.  “While the amount of weight that can be lost via breastfeeding varies person to person, typically an individual could look at burning between 500 and 700 calories per day.” Breastfeeding burns up to 500 calories a day. On average if a woman is taking the recommended amount of calories each day and breastfeeding exclusively then she can lose one pound every week or two. What diet did Beatrice follow to get her body back?  Dr Charlotte added: “In order to achieve sustainable weight loss, it is likely that the Princess would have had a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more. “Coupling a healthy and nutritious diet with exercise would have also contributed to her weight loss. “However this would of course depend on the healthcare advice provided post-pregnancy. “Lastly, sufficient water intake aids in the removal of toxins from the body and boosts metabolism. “Drinking a glass or two of warm water first thing in the morning can aid in weight loss and belly fat reduction.” Has Beatrice’s exercise routine changed since having a baby? The expert explained: “I think it is likely that Princess Beatrice would have focused on dieting and exercise prior to having a baby and perhaps continued this on throughout pregnancy with professional guidance and advice. “It is quite normal for those who exercise regularly pre-pregnancy to continue this throughout pregnancy.  “This can of course aid in post-pregnancy weight loss. “That being said, exercise post-pregnancy would largely depend on the type of pregnancy that Princess Beatrice experienced. “While it is normal to begin exercising soon after giving birth, depending on the trauma to the body, it may differ from person to person. “I imagine that providing Princess Beatrice’s birth was healthy, then she would have certainly implemented some cardio and resistance training to aid her in losing weight.” 