Going on a staycation during the summer is a great way to explore a new area without the hassle of plane travel. Groupon has just unveiled several discounts on beautiful staycations in the UK so customers can enjoy their dream trip without spending a hefty amount. Demand for staycations has grown since the pandemic and continues to be one of the UK’s most popular holidays. While it can be pricy, Groupon has just launched a massive sale on UK holidays so customers don’t have to fork out a fortune on a quick escape. Escape to the coast of Cornwall, visit Ireland or stay in a countryside cottage and book offers with prices slashed by up to 51 percent off. Here are some of the best offers available to book now. Travellers can enjoy anywhere from three to seven nights at the stunning Bay Retreat Villa in St Merryn Park, Cornwall and it’s now 51 percent off. The ideal family getaway for exploring the coast, it’s also dog friendly and the best deal is if customers book seven nights, they can pay only £47 for each night. Book on Groupon (£47 up) Perfect for a couples weekend away, visit Warrington and stay in the beautiful hotel for 46 percent off standard prices. With this deal you get breakfast, a glass of house wine, the option to have a main course dinner in the hotel restaurant and there’s plenty of availability from now until September 30, 2022. Buy on Groupon (£59 up) Visit the coastal village of Gortahork in Donegal and stay at the Ostan Loch Altan with this Groupon offer that includes breakfast and a two-course dinner on the first night. The perfect chance to explore a new area, it’s near Glenveagh National Park and is great for hiking lovers. Buy on Groupon (£146 up) Enjoy the ultimate city break and stay in Kensington, London at a secret four star hotel where you can get breakfast for two with this offer. On sale for 37 percent off, it’s perfect for exploring London’s Museum and Gallery District and surrounded by delicious restaurants and more. Buy on Groupon (£119 up)