Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong has been tipped to snub Chelsea this summer and sign for Manchester United. The talented midfielder looks set to embark on a new chapter of his career after three years at the Nou Camp. If the 25-year-old chooses to put pen-to-paper on a deal at Old Trafford, Chelsea will have to turn their attentions elsewhere. And Express Sport takes a look at four players the Blues could sign instead. Declan Rice Declan Rice was once part of the Chelsea academy but was released at the age of 14. West Ham subsequently took the ace on and have since helped him become one of the best midfielders in Europe. Rice has been linked with a whole host of top clubs over the last couple of years after a string of stellar displays for the Hammers. And the 23-year is best pals with Blues star Mason Mount – so a return to Stamford Bridge could be on the cards. Matheus Nunes Sporting Lisbon’s Matheus Nunes is another midfielder who could slot in at the heart of the Chelsea side if De Jong doesn’t fancy a move to west London. The 23-year-old Portugal international, who grew up in Brazil and worked in a bakery as a teenager, was a key player for Sporting last season and helped his side reach the last 16 of the Champions League. And he has been described as “one of the best in the world” by Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star    Youri Tielemans Leicester star Youri Tielemans has been a long-term target for Arsenal - but a move to the Emirates Stadium has not yet emerged. The 25-year-old only has one year remaining on his contract at the King Power Stadium and has refused to put pen-to-paper on a new deal. So if Chelsea are willing to match the Foxes’ valuation of the Belgium international, they could well hijack the Gunners’ move for him and bolster their midfield with a proven Premier League gem. DON'T MISS Hakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea future Juventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circle Ronaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future   Georginio Wijnaldum Georginio Wijnaldum starred for Liverpool during their run to Champions League glory in 2019 and Premier League success a year later. But he moved on to Paris Saint-Germain last summer after his contract at Anfield expired. The 31-year-old endured a miserable campaign in France and was often named on the bench under Mauricio Pochettino, who has since lost his job as PSG boss. So if Wijnaldum wants to draw a line under his time in France and quickly move on, he could target a move to Chelsea - and the Blues would surely be interested. 