Harvard University say patients with young onset Alzheimer’s tend to struggle with episodic memory. Episodic memory is the ability of the brain to form new memories or recall recent experiences in their lives. In contrast, Harvard University say patients with late onset Alzheimer’s disease “show the combination of changes in thinking and memory due to Alzheimer’s disease plus those changes that are part of normal ageing”. While the idea of developing dementia at a young age can be anxiety inducing, it is important to remember it is very rare. READ MORE: Cliff Richard: Star's 3 tips for healthy ageing  As teams of scientists are working towards new treatments for dementia, other groups of researchers are investigating how dementia can be diagnosed more effectively. A new study has identified a link between dementia and eye health. Published in the journal Ageing And Mental Health, the analysis involved over 76,000 participants. READ MORE: Covid Vs hay fever: The ‘key’ sign that could help tell them apart The researchers found those who had surgery on cataracts had a 30 percent reduced risk of developing dementia in the 10 years after the operation. Analysis of the data also found people with an issue with their sight had an increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia. Associate Professor Beibei Xu from the Medical Informatics Centre at Peking University said: “This study is among the first to evaluate the association between sight problems and cognitive outcomes in older adults through a comprehensive examination of all available population-based studies in English. “Although the reasons behind this remain unclear, it suggests that diagnosing and treating eye conditions may be beneficial – both to improve a person’s quality of life and also to potentially slow down or stop memory loss.” Professor Xu added: “Finding ways to prevent or delay the onset of dementia could help reduce its devastating impact on the lives of affected individuals and their families, especially in light of the growing burden of the disease.” All of the research conducted is crucial, the more information scientists have on the disease, the more they can use to develop new treatments. While a cure is far from a short-term possibility, researchers such as Dr Cara Croft believe they could become available within the next decade. Although this means little for the patients of today, it could make all the difference for the patients of tomorrow.