Cleaning enthusiasts and fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple hack for deterring ants from entering homes. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on social media. Her fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning tips and tricks on groups. A Facebook user posted in a group: “Hi, I have ants coming into my house and even climbing onto the worktops. “I’ve sprayed vinegar and put down pepper but they are still coming in. “Has anyone had this experience and got rid of them effectively?” The post received more than 230 comments from cleaning enthusiasts. The most popular response was to use peppermint oil. READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid Penny Burton said: “Peppermint oil. That gets rid of them.” Michelle Irwin replied: “Put a bit of honey or jam on the ground and you will soon see where their point of entry is as they will all go to the honey and form a line to carry back to where they live. “When you find this out, then place ant powder or strong essential oil like peppermint at the entrance or inside as that is their nest.” Linda Hawkins Rice commented: “Peppermint oil put on the counter where they're entering. Works for me.” Lorayne Beinke suggested: “I use peppermint and water and a spray bottle - they hate the smell.” DON'T MISSHeatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [UPDATE]Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [ANALYSIS] Tamantha Tellez-Briggs wrote: “Peppermint essential oil works great. “Baby powder usually works too.” Kate Robinson said: “Find where they are coming in and put peppermint essential oil down. “Honestly, it works and it smells nice.” Laura McMurray replied: “I had ants last year attracted to every surface I used an apple scented cleaning wipe. READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Peppermint oil sorted it for me. I wiped a bit on the floor near the door.” Peppermint Essential Oil Pure and Natural is available for £1.97 on Amazon. Miaroma Peppermint Pure Essential Oil is £5 from Holland & Barrett. Tisserand Peppermint Organic Essential Oil costs £3.50 from Waitrose. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch included using orange peel, lemons, corn meal and talcum powder. Joanne Marie Coleman said: “Leave orange peel on the floor and next to the hole they’re getting into they absolutely hate the smell and they will soon stop coming in.” Sue Bevan replied: “They hate lemon juice, try bottled juice or lemon washing up liquid diluted in water and use a spray bottle.”  Sarah Kavanagh wrote: “I had this before and I used lemons cut in half and I put them all over my kitchen and in my presses but I took everything out of my presses and cleaned them down with lemon juice.” Kathy Riggins said: “Corn meal, if you sprinkle cornmeal where you think they’re coming in and even around your pet’s food bowls (if you have any)￼￼￼￼ they will eat the corn meal which they cannot digest so it kills them. “I know this sounds ridiculous if you’ve never heard of it before but it really does work.￼ You can even sprinkle it on the ant hills.” Edwina Gregory commented: “Talc always works for me.” Diane Stevens replied: “Talcum powder stops them crossing. They don’t like it.”