The Minister for Brexit Opportunities was taking part in a discussion on Sky News on Sunday. The Tory MP for North East Somerset was giving his views on the Chris Pincher scandal and the upcoming Tory leadership race. Mr Rees Mogg has remained unwavering in his support of his boss, Boris Johnson. However, viewers' attention was drawn to a clock positioned behind the Johnson loyalist. The clock has roman numerals for most of the numbers but an "M" where "12" would be, "O" where "3" usually is and "G" at both "6" and "9". The revelation provoked a social media frenzy as viewers took to Twitter to mock the politician. Colin Bartlett wrote: "Apparently Jacob Rees-Mogg has a clock with roman numerals except for M at 12, O at 3, G at 6 & 9. "Confirmation that JRM is a tasteless wannabe nouveau-riche who would be required to use the tradesman's entrance by proper landed gentry (like wot I am)! People were quick to notice that the clock was not keeping time and made made jokes to the effect. Steve Houlden quipped: "Rees-Mogg's clock is 2 minutes behind while its owner is 200 years behind the times." While Tim Priestley said: "@Jacob_Rees_Mogg you are that posh that you have a clock with part of your surname on. "You need to sack your servant responsible for watch winding - three minutes late." Simon Wolf added: "Proof that Jacob Rees-Mogg is stuck in the past (compare the clock times)." READ MORE: Jacob Rees-Mogg warns against leadership election 'stitch-up' Mr Rees-Mogg has never been afraid to accept a challenge, something that was clearly illustrated in his first foray into national politics. In 1997 the then 26-year-old decided to contest the Labour stronghold of Central Fife. He stunned locals when he turned up to campaign with his nanny and was driven around in a high-end Mercedes. However, he had the sense not to use his Bentley, remarking to journalists: "My Bentley would be most unsuitable for canvassing." The Tory MP is also known for other eccentricities, which have burnished his reputation. DON'T MISSRees-Mogg savages bid to blame Brexit for cost of living crisis [NEWS]Warring Tories urged to focus wrath on Brexit EU red tape [SPOTLIGHT]Keir Starmer slapped down by Rees-Mogg over 'half-cock' Brexit plan [REVEAL] In a debate on London Local Authorities Bill in December 2011, Mr Rees-Mogg said that council officials with the power to issue on-the-spot fines should be made to wear bowler hats. Then in February 2012, he used the rarely-uttered word “floccinaucinihilipilification" during a parliamentary debate. The word means "the habit of considering as worthless” and gained the Brexit Opportunities Minister further notoriety. It was noted as the longest word uttered on the floor of the House of Commons.