Kate Middleton and Prince William split time between London at Kensington Palace and Norfolk at Anmer Hall. But the couple is reported to move their three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four, to Adelaide Cottage in the near future. Adelaide Cottage is on the Windsor estate, which would make the family geographically closer to the Queen and Sophie Wessex’s family.  What is it like inside the historic home? Interior experts at Stelrad have pulled together what they know about Adelaide Cottage. They have provided expert commentary from an interior design point of view to Express.co.uk. Chris Harvey, an Interior Expert at Stelrad said: "Nestled in the Berkshire countryside, Adelaide Cottage has been in the Royal Family since 1831. "It is located on the 4,800-acre Windsor Great Park, which is privately managed by the Crown Estate. "Adelaide Cottage is just half of a mile from Windsor Castle, Queen Elizabeth's primary residence. "It has been renovated in honour of the Queen. "Therefore, the cottage reportedly features traditional decor such as French windows, multiple fireplaces, a covered veranda, porte cochère and gingerbread trim.  "There is also a nautical-inspired theme which is seen through unique features such as golden dolphins and ceiling rope decorations recycled from a 19th-century royal yacht, according to The Sun." The expert also provided some advice on how to add "royal touches into your home". Mr Harvey suggested: “If you want to incorporate some royal touches into your home to achieve that traditional and elegant look, it doesn’t have to break the bank! “The royal estate is known for its iconic style which will never go out of date. “It brings together neutral colours and carefully crafted furniture to achieve a luxurious finish. READ MORE: Kate and William's secret signs after 'flirty' Wimbledon appearance “Although bespoke furniture pieces and golden plated embellishments are out of the question for most of us, here are some interior design tips and tricks which can help you add a touch of glam to your own home. “Rummage through your local second-hand stores or at pre-loved websites to get your hands on vintage treasures that you wouldn’t be able to find elsewhere. “Whether it’s a bold velvet sofa or some statement tiling, establish a focal point in each room and dress the rest of the space to compliment.  “But stay clear of clashing patterns,” the expert warned. Mr Harvey added: “Dress up a dull-looking room by hanging a chandelier.  “Focus on your lighting to achieve maximum impact once the sun goes down. “Artwork and sculptures can completely transform a space. “So pick out your favourite pieces or unleash your creativity. “Picking the right colour scheme can create the illusion of a high end. “So incorporate royal colours such as golds, deep reds, and royal blues into your home.” 