Nicola Sturgeon outlined plans to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence this week, pressing ahead for a vote in October 2023. While the First Minister has dominated elections in the country in recent years, garnering a comprehensive level of support for secession has proved a more difficult task. The idea of Scottish independence comes with a number of complexities, including which currency Scotland will use, how leaving the UK will impact the economy and whether Scotland should join the EU as an independent state. Since the UK voted for Brexit in 2016, Ms Sturgeon has been clear that she would want to take an independent Scotland back into the EU. But James Heywood, an economy expert from the Centre For Policy Studies, told Express.co.uk that the EU may assume a large amount of control over the Scottish economy if this were to happen. He told Express.co.uk: "It's difficult to see how the EU would allow Scotland to join without them having the same sort of requirements that they have had of other members and those who have applied. "There would be requirements in terms of the budget, which might be difficult for Scotland because it effectively gets a subsidy per head from Westminster. "There would also be the question about whether Scotland would need to join the euro." Mr Heywood added that even if Scotland doesn't adopt the euro and joins the EU, Brussels could still dictate the country's trade policy. He continued: "It would depend on the currency, if Scotland adopts the euro then yes there would be very significant control from the EU over the Scottish economy. "We are seeing the problem now the Eurozone's monetary policy has to be set on a Eurozone wide level. Different economies in the Eurozone are seeing very different inflation figures, so setting interest rates based on completely different inflation rates. "There would be vastly more problems for Scotland if they were forced to join the Eurozone, but even if they somehow managed to join the EU without joining the currency, there would still be significant EU control because Brussels could control its trade policy. "We are already seeing the problems with the trade barriers between the UK and the rest of Europe. Scotland would be facing those problems with the UK, and this would cause problems for Scottish consumers." Another issue for Scotland could be its extremely high deficit. It ballooned to 22 percent of economic output in 2020-21, according to the latest figures from the Scottish government’s annual report entitled Government Expenditure and Revenue Scotland (GERS). READ MORE: ‘One way or another it will happen’ Blackford threatens with IndyRef2 The first step for any country wishing to join the EU is to comply with a set of standards broadly set out in the ‘Copenhagen criteria’, which cover stable governance, democracy, protection for human rights, a market economy, and the ability to adhere to the EU’s political and economic aims. All new members of the EU are formally required to work towards membership of the euro and to reduce budget deficits to three percent or less as part of the rules set out in the Maastricht Convergence Criteria. If a member state does not comply with the convergence criteria rules on public deficits, the European Council has the option to enforce policies to reduce the deficit, known as the Excessive Deficit Procedure. New member states can negotiate a transition period, however, as Croatia did after joining the bloc in 2013. DON'T MISSScotland facing EXODUS of companies after Sturgeon unveils indyref bid [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon facing 'political suicide' over 'illegal' referendum [ANALYSIS]Putin pundit tells Sturgeon to contact Russian hackers for Indyref2 [INSIGHT] Critics of independence have warned that austerity measures could meet Scotland. Former prime minister Gordon Brown said in January that Scotland could face "50 years of austerity" and highlighted the importance of UK trade. He said: "The nationalists and Nicola Sturgeon used to say it was a disaster for Scotland to leave the EU trade. I think 15 percent of our trade was with European countries. "In fact 60 percent of our trade is with England, Wales and Northern Ireland. "When you look at the economic disadvantages of leaving Britain compared to leaving the EU, the problems that would raise and the loss of jobs and the threat to our national income is four or five times greater than it has been from leaving the EU."