Novak Djokovic has admitted that he's in "no rush" to end his career as he plans to continue dominating the "young guns" on tour after winning a fourth consecutive Wimbledon title. Djokovic was the pre-tournament favourite heading into Wimbledon having not lost an official match at the English slam since 2016. But the disruption to his 2022 season had raised some doubts on what kind of Djokovic would turn up to the tournament. He looked shaky in his opening-round match against Soonwoo Kwon and only won in three-straight sets twice on his way to the Wimbledon final. Against both Jannik Sinner and Cameron Norrie, Djokovic dropped the opening set and a similar pattern followed in the final against Kyrgios. The Australian appeared to be the more relaxed of the two in the early exchanges as Djokovic tried to find his bearings. But Djokovic had 31 other Grand Slam final appearances to draw upon for experience and soon got back on top in the second. The tide had shifted from that moment and Djokovic confidently dispatched Kyrgios in three hours to clinch his fourth consecutive Wimbledon title. JUST IN: Kyrgios' umpire jibe after losing Wimbledon final to 'god' Djokovic  That also means he's won at least one Grand Slam title in 11 of the last 12 years. He now moves just one behind Rafael Nadal in the race to finish with the most Grand Slam titles in the men's game. World No 1 Daniil Medvedev was not at Wimbledon this year due to the ban in place which may well have given a Djokovic boost in his hopes and chance of winning a title. The Russian tennis star has threatened to take over in the men's game, but both Djokovic and Nadal are still on top for all three majors this year heading into the US Open. And following his win at Wimbledon, Djokovic insists retirement is far from his mind. DON'T MISS  "Wimbledon historically has always come at such an important stages of my life and my career," Djokovic said. "When I say Wimbledon as a tournament, but me winning Wimbledon. Few times, I think it was in 2018 when I was starting the year with elbow surgery, trying to work my way back in the rankings, not playing well. This was the first slam that I won that served as a springboard for later US Open win, 2019 Australian Open. "It's not a coincidence that this place has such relevance in my life and career. It's a relief, as well, considering what I've been through of course this year. It adds more value and more significance and more emotions, of course. "I don't feel I'm in rush really anywhere to end my career in a year time or two year time or whatever it is. Just I'm not thinking about it. I want to keep my body healthy 'cause that's obviously necessary in order to keep going at this level. Of course, keep myself mentally sane and motivated to compete with the young guns." 