During the middle of a performance at Festival Bureaugard in France, Liam Gallagher stopped singing and left the stage without an explanation – and it wasn't until the following day when fans learned why. Taking to Instagram on Saturday, July 9, Liam posted: "Apologies to everyone who came out to Festival Bureaugard last night, I was so disappointed to have to cut the set short. I have been diagnosed with laryngitis and am on doctors orders to get some rest. "Unfortunately that means I also have to cancel my upcoming show in Cognac. "I never want to let anyone down am really sorry for any disappointment but I have to put my health first LG x." What is laryngitis? The NHS explained: "Laryngitis is when your voice box or vocal cords in the throat become irritated or swollen." The main symptoms of laryngitis might include: READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk Laryngitis usually goes away on its own within a fortnight, but during that time it's advised to "speak as little as possible". With Liam being a singer, the extra strain on his vocal chords would not do his health any good. In addition to speaking (and singing) as little as possible, the health body also recommends drinking plenty of fluids during the recovery period. Moreover, it may help to keep the air moist by "putting out bowls of water". The NHS elaborated: "Central heating and air conditioning make the air dry." Adults who have laryngitis are also advise to "gargle with warm, salty water", although this tip does not apply to children who develop the condition. People are also better off staying away from caffeine or alcohol during the recovery period. To help speed up the recovery time, people are advised not to smoke, talk loudly, whisper, or spend time in smoky or dusty places. A pharmacist might also be able to help with laryngitis, who can give advice on appropriate treatments. This may include paracetamol or ibuprofen, cough syrup, or solutions to gargle, or lozenges to manage the pain. If your symptoms do not improve after two weeks, or the condition is "very painful", then it's best to seek professional medical advice. "If your laryngitis is caused by an infection, the GP might prescribe antibiotics," the NHS added. What causes laryngitis? "Laryngitis usually happens when you have an infection from a virus, such as cold or flu," the NHS explained. The condition may also be caused by allergies to dust and fumes, acid reflux, coughing over a long time, or clearing your throat too often. If, at any point, you are experiencing difficulty breathing, do call 999 or go to A&E.