A Brexit row erupted on GB News after presenter Dan Wootton clashed with a guest over the successes Britain has gained outside the EU. Mr Wootton demanded evidence from broadcaster Amy Nickell after she argued that Britons had gone off Brexit with the majority of the public not viewing leaving the European bloc as having been a success. Mr Wootton told the GB News guests: "There's no Brexit in Australia, where I've just been and it costs $11 that's about five pounds to buy one lettuce at the moment, there's no Brexit there." "There is something that you're all completely glossing over," remarked Ms Nickell "The people no longer believe in Brexit," she continued. Mr Whootton asked: "Where's the proof of that Amy!?" "Currently only seventeen percent of people are currently happy with the way the Brexit deal is going," replied Ms Nickell. "We're losing billions, we have for next year the predicted growth, the only country that is beneath us is Russia." "So do you just propose overturning the referendum," quizzed the GB News host. "No, and also I think it is incredibly misleading when you're saying that rejoining the single market is undermining Brexit because there are plenty of countries not in the EU that are in the single market, Iceland, Norway." The debate rages as growth in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed further last month to a two-year-low as concerns over the global economy and raw material shortages impacted new orders. Some firms also highlighted that ongoing Brexit-related disruption and weaker growth has impacted new demand from the EU. Duncan Brock, group director at the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply, said: "Supply chain managers reported that ports and paperwork were their undoing in June with Brexit a thorn in the side of manufacturers combined with weaker domestic demand, inefficient performance in supply chains and an overall shaky UK economy." Meanwhile, former prime minister Tony Blair, who fiercely opposed Brexit, has admitted the Leave vote in 2016 was irreversible at a conference in central London organised by his own institute. DON'T MISS: "The stuff in Northern Ireland is doing us damage," he told the audience. The former Labour leader said that Boris Johnson's administration was not going wrong in all areas, pointing to positive climate change ambitions. "It is not that everything that the Government is doing is wrong, but it is not nearly enough to see us through." He said what the UK needs is "vast and needs to be bridged".