Tom Walker joined BBC Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt on Saturday morning and discussed his performance with the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton. The pair performed a festive rendition of For Those Who Can't Be Here and stunned viewers listening to their performances. However, Tom admitted that he only had an hour of rehearsal with the Duchess and was worried about their performance. Looking back on their performance, Tom confessed that Kate had admitted that their duet was the first time she had played with another musician in seven years. He had nothing but high praises for Kate as they prepared for the stunning performance, which was part of the Royal Carols Christmas special service. Tom exclaimed: "It was just mad, really. You know, when you look up sometimes in your career, and you're like 'how's this happened, how has this come about,' and that was one of those moments. "It was surreal to be a part of that and to have the Duchess playing one of my songs on the piano, to be accompanied by her." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool However, he went on to reveal that he was concerned that their performance was not going to go to plan and wasn't as "perfect" as he had hoped for. He explained: "She was amazing. Considering we rehearsed like a week before for an hour. She left the rehearsal, and I was thinking it wasn't perfect. "I was a bit like hopefully, by the time we get there on the day, it's going to be sweet. But she absolutely nailed it. "You know it's one thing rehearsing it together, just the two of you, to then a week later be like, a whole camera crew, 40 people all about doing lights and other stuff, to just pull that off in a few takes, is amazing. "She hadn't played with another musician for seven years, I think she said. So it was a pretty high-pressure situation." Royal Carols: Together At Christmas was staged for people who supported their communities during the Covid pandemic. Prince William and Kate tweeted that this Christmas would be different to what so many people had planned. They wrote: "From those who are alone or having to isolate away from loved ones, to the incredible people supporting our NHS and caring for those most in need - we are thinking of you." DON'T MISS...KKate Middleton ‘secret’ rehearsals ahead of Christmas performance [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's piano teacher remembers her as a 'lovely' student [LATEST]Kate Middleton praised by Tom Walker for 'special' duet performance [WATCH] As the pair began to perform, viewers were in awe of the Duchess' talent and took to social media to express their love. Emma Maudsley commented: "Amazing! Loved it!" @loveforcambridg added: "THE DUCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE IS AN AMAZING PIANIST, their performance was so beautiful, and I’m so proud of her." @01Kirsty praised: "In tears already. Thank you for doing this. It’s beautiful." @Bexyb78 exclaimed: "I’m so blown away! Such a beautiful and heartwarming moment #TogetherAtChristmas." In a recorded introduction to the service, Kate praised the "inspirational" people who have served their communities during the "bleak time" of the pandemic. Kate said the UK had faced "many challenges" during Covid, including the deaths of loved ones and frontline workers coming under "immense pressure". Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday from 10am on BBC One.