Winning two Tonys, an Emmy and a Laurence Olivier award, he drew praise for his original interpretations of Shakespeare plays including Titus Andronicus in 1955 and King Lear in 1962. His groundbreaking production of A Midsummer Night's Dream in 1970, inspired by Chinese acrobats, featured actors walking on stilts and a red-feather swing in a white-cube gymnasium.  He also worked in film, directing William Golding's Lord Of The Flies in 1963. Frustrated by the lack of funding and constraints of UK theatre, Brook moved to Paris in 1970 and set up the International Centre For Theatre Research in the dilapidated Théâtre des Bouffes du Nord. He used his new-found freedom to explore theatre's meaning. Brook travelled the world and staged productions in classrooms and abandoned warehouses. Amid the ruins of Persepolis in Iran in 1971, he staged Orghast, a play constructed around an invented language that no one understood. "I can take any empty space and call it a bare stage," Brook wrote in his 1968 book The Empty Space. He formed a productive relationship with Sir John Gielgud but his avant-garde approach frustrated actors. One fed-up group even tricked him into putting a paper bag over his head and left the room silently, leaving him alone. Peter Brook was born in Chiswick, west London, the son of Latvian-born Jewish immigrants and scientists. His father, Simon Bryk, had escaped Tsarist Russia and his surname was changed to Brook upon his arrival at Dover. Together with Brook's mother, Ida (née Judelson), he set up a pharmaceutical company.  Educated at Westminster and Gresham's schools, in London and Norfolk respectively, he studied languages at Oxford University and directed his first production, Doctor Faustus, at the Torch Theatre in London before he was 20. After a stint as stage director at Birmingham Repertory Theatre, he began his 20-year association with the Royal Shakespeare Company. He was appointed a CBE in 1965. Brooke was married to actress Natasha Parry from 1951 until her death in 2015. He is survived by their two children, Irina and Simon, both of whom are directors. Peter Brooke born March 21, 1925 – died July 2, 2022, aged 97. 