Lewis Hamilton has hit out at Nelson Piquet's racial remarks towards the seven-time world champion at Silverstone. Three-time world champion Piquet's racial comments directed at Hamilton were revealed on Monday and the Brit has claimed that there needs to be a platform for younger people to come through and have a voice.  Hamilton told Channel 4: "They come from a different time when there was no inclusivity. Today, why are we giving them the platform? We've got to stop bringing in younger people who are more conscious of the environment that we live in, more conscious of the direction we need to go in and create more opportunities for them. That's what we need to be doing. Creating more of a platform for the younger people to come through and have a voice and be a part of the changes that we're working towards creating." On Monday an interview from a podcast in 2021 was released of Piquet using a racial slur to describe Hamilton. The three-time champion in the 1980s was condemned by the sport, with F1 and the FIA issuing statements condemning racism. Piquet is the father of Red Bull star Max Verstappen's partner, and has been banned from the British Grand Prix. The British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC) claimed Piquet's language was “wholly inappropriate” despite his apology. They confirmed his Honorary membership had been suspended with immediate effect.  A second clip surfaced on Saturday of Piquet referring to Hamilton as a “neguinho” when discussing the 2016 title battle with Nico Rosberg. Piquet has denied making racist comments, claiming his words were lost in translation and were never intended to offend. He claimed he would ”never use the word” and claimed discrimination had no place in F1. Hamilton responded to the initial clip, claiming "these archaic mindsets need to change" and that action needs to be taken. "It's more than language," the seven-time World Champion wrote on Twitter. "These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I've been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk. 