Customers are being reminded that there is less than a week left to renew their claim for the benefit. The tax body is calling on more than 222,600 tax credits customers to renew their claims before the deadline this weekend. HMRC customers are being told not to leave their renewal until the very last day as this could put their future payments at risk. As it stands, tax credits assist low income households with financial support and over 363,000 claimants have renewed ahead of the deadline. Some recipients of tax credits are eligible for the Government’s new £650 cost of living payment. Those who only get tax credits will be able to qualify for this sizeable sum but will get paid later this year as opposed to this month, which is when most eligible people, on other benefits, are being paid. Eligible tax credit customers will be contacted by HMRC which will issue the payments automatically sometime in the autumn. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Tax credits help working families with targeted financial support and more than 363,000 customers have already renewed ahead of the deadline. The final deadline for those looking to renew their tax credits via the HMRC is July 31 which means families only have days left. Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for Customer Services, warned that the tax credit deadline is “fast approaching”. Ms Lloyd explained: “The July 31 deadline is fast approaching and renewing your tax credits is too important to forget.   “HMRC support is available at all times of the day and night via GOV.UK and the smartphone app to help customers get their renewals right." The tax body encouraged anyone who is still waiting to renew their claim to do so as soon as possible. She added: “It’s great to see so many customers have already renewed their tax credits. “I urge those who are yet to renew to do so as soon as possible, in order to avoid having their payments stopped.” READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack It is possible for all tax credit customers to manage their claims quickly and easily online by visiting the HMRC’s website. After completing the renewal, HMRC can use their online account to check how far their claim is progressing. If someone’s circumstances change which could affect their tax credit claim, they must report to HMRC as soon as possible. Examples of a change which could count as a circumstance change include living arrangements or childcare no longer being the same as it once was. Furthermore, if someone’s working hours or income increases or decreases they should tell the tax body. Using the HMRC app, customers of the tax body are able to notify and make any change to their claim. For example, customers can renew their tax credits or make changes to their existing HMRC claim. On top of this, they can check their tax credits payments schedule and discover how much they have earned for the year. All customers are reminded that tax credits are coming to an end and will be replaced by Universal Credit by the end of 2024.