Princess Diana was known for her impeccable wardrobe and vast jewellery collection. When the Princess of Wales died, her royal jewels, including tiaras, necklaces, and brooches, were returned to Her Majesty the Queen. The Queen was free to do whatever she liked with the jewels, and decided to give some pieces to Camilla. In recent years, Camilla has been photographed wearing some of the same jewellery as Diana wore during her lifetime. However, the Duchess altered the pieces to suit her style, making them look a little different to how they did before. A prime example of this was when Camilla donned a brooch that Diana wore as a necklace. The brooch is in the shape of an oval pendant and features the Prince of Wales’ three feathers, surrounded by a circle of diamonds. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids Hanging from the pendant is a pear-drop emerald stone. During Diana’s lifetime, the princess wore the pendant attached to a silver necklace, while Camilla later opted to don it as a brooch. The Duchess of Cornwall was seen wearing the jewel to a party to celebrate her husband’s 50th anniversary as the Prince of Wales in March 2019. She combined it with a dark green dress.  Diana also opted to wear the brooch as a necklace with green outfits, as the colours complement each other well. The princess donned the jewel during a state visit to Vienna in 1986, matching it with a dark green sequinned gown. So, what is the history behind the piece? Originally a brooch, the jewel was first given as a wedding gift to Princess Alexandra of Denmark by the Ladies of Bristol in 1863. Princess Alexandra married Bertie, the Prince of Wales, and the couple later became Queen Alexandra and King Edward VII. This is how the brooch eventually found its way into Diana’s jewellery collection. Although Diana and Camilla wore the brooch in different ways, it is no surprise that some royal fans and experts have suggested the situation is rather strange. Charlotte White, Head of Design at Europe’s largest online diamond jeweller, 77 Diamonds, said: “The notion of Camilla wearing a sparkling emerald and diamond brooch that once rested gracefully as a pendant on Diana’s skin and close to her heart, does feel somewhat jarring when you think that many years ago Camilla was Diana’s husband’s lover.” The diamond expert continued: “In fact though, this antique emerald and diamond brooch is technically the property of Her Majesty the Queen and after Diana’s passing would have been returned to the Queen. “And yet, this 158-year-old jewel does contain within it an undeniable link to Prince Charles, the man to whom both these women are inextricably linked. “The jewel’s smooth and polished teardrop emerald pendant hangs from an oval comprised of diamonds encircling, also in diamond form, the three-feathered insignia of the Prince of Wales. “If jewels such as these could talk, wouldn’t you just love to hear the stories of everything they’d witnessed?”