Cleaning enthusiasts have shared a simple homemade solution for ousting ants using baking soda and icing sugar. Fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have been sharing their cleaning hacks on social media groups. On one such group, Facebook user Amanda Beard asked: “Hi, has anyone got a pet-friendly way to get rid of ants please?” Amanda’s post received 60 comments from fellow cleaning fans. However, the most popular response was to use a mixture of both bicarbonate of soda and icing sugar. Julie Hughes replied: “Mix a paste of icing sugar and bicarbonate of soda, works every time for me.” Samantha Scott commented: “To get rid of them use half icing sugar, half bicarbonate of soda, which over a week or so will get rid of them. “Talc won't get rid of them properly.” Vicki Keane said: “I mix half baking soda and half icing sugar and sprinkle it over nests or wherever ants are and it seems to work. “We had ant issues a few years ago. It was a nightmare, several nests popping up and always getting in the house between February/March and late summer. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing to do’ when mowing your lawn - ‘encourages weeds’  “Filled in holes around house so they couldn’t get in and started using this homemade mix outside and they have all disappeared this year! “Wish I used baking soda and icing sugar years ago then I would never have been on 'squishing duty’.” Icing sugar and baking soda can be found in most homes but for those who don’t have them, they can be purchased fairly cheaply from most supermarkets. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda is available for just £1.75. Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda costs £2 from Ocado. ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda is just 55p.  DON'T MISSGrass care: Lawn 'jobs you should be doing' in August [INSIGHT]Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' [UPDATE]How to clean white goods: ‘Simple’ tinfoil hack for dishwashers [ANALYSIS] Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda Multi Purpose Household Cleaner is £1.35 from Amazon. Tate & Lyle Fairtrade Fondant Icing Sugar is 85p from Waitrose. Silver Spoon Icing Sugar costs £1.70 for a kilogram from Tesco. Sainsbury's Icing Sugar costs £1 from Sainsbury’s. ASDA Icing Sugar can be bought for just 85p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from cleaning enthusiasts included using white vinegar, lavender, cucumber, window cleaner, black pepper and cinnamon. Carol Mccormick said: “I spray my window sills inside and out with a mix of white vinegar and water. “I was overrun with them but hardly see any now.” Julie Blackshaw replied: “They really don’t like lavender - mix lavender oil with water snd spray.”  Christine Ann said: “They can’t stand the smell of cucumber.” Joanne Smith commented: “Use window cleaner. They don't like it. “It also kills the smell they leave for other ants to follow.” Maureen Endicott suggested: “Black pepper, they don't like it.” Pauline Erskine said: “Cinnamon and vinegar.”