In effect, the grassroots will now decide between Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and the former chancellor Rishi Sunak as our next prime minister. Not even the most fervent Tory supporter could pretend that this is an inspiring choice. Both are experienced, front rank politicians but each is weighed down by a whole carousel of negative baggage. The next round might have been more interesting if it had featured Kemi Badenoch, who has emerged as a new political star thanks to her clarity of expression and conviction. Still, there will be relief in many Tory circles that Penny Mordaunt did not make it on to the shortlist. The longer the competition went on, the more her hollowness was exposed. Yet Ms Mordaunt, for all her flaws, was presented as the darling of the constituency associations, partly due to her service in the Royal Naval Reserve. Now she has been eliminated, her place as the activists’ favourite has been taken by Ms Truss, giving her an edge over Mr Sunak. Her backers would say that this is no more than she deserves, for she possesses a number of qualities that could make her a successful prime minister. The longest continuously serving member of the Cabinet, first appointed as environment secretary in 2014, she has a tremendous work ethic, a powerful sense of optimism and an enduring spirit of resilience. As a minister, her accomplishments include a string of post-Brexit trade deals and securing the release of British Iranian prisoner Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a goal that evaded three previous Foreign Secretaries. “She is someone you’d go tiger-shooting with,” says a senior Tory. “She’s very gutsy, self-assured and tough.”  Also in her favour is her unusual background. She was not born into a traditional, affluent Tory family but is the daughter of Left-wing teachers who sent her to the local comprehensive and took her on CND marches. For a time in her youth she was a member of the Lib Dems. Since joining the Tories in 1996 there has been little dispute about her robust commitment to the Conservative cause or her ambition to reach the top, leading to comparisons with Margaret Thatcher. But Ms Truss is hardly in the same league. As she showed in the leadership debates, she is a poor communicator and a wooden speaker. Some of her past speeches have been an embarrassment, such as her notorious lament at the Tory Conference in 2014 that too much of our cheese is imported. Nor does she inspire confidence that she has the capacity to deal with the economic crisis. Her frequently repeated mantra of going “for growth” is a wish, not a plan, and she has failed to explain how her battery of tax cuts will be funded. If the contest had been held a year ago it would have been a walkover for Mr Sunak – then basking in the glow of the successful Covid furlough scheme. But since then his popularity has fallen dramatically. He is blamed for our economic woes and his vast personal wealth, highlighted in the row about his wife’s tax affairs, jars in the midst of the cost-of-living crisis.  Party members are also angry at the relentless growth of the tax burden during his spell at the Treasury, despite his claims to be a Thatcherite free marketeer, while his standing with activists is further undermined by his central role in bringing down Boris Johnson. Yet with his command of economics, his remarkable intellect, and his calm decisiveness, he remains the most plausible candidate for the premiership. No other modern chancellor has faced the challenges that confronted him. His strategy of conquering inflation and balancing the books is the only sensible course for the nation. Furthermore, despite personal attacks about his riches, his own story could be an asset in this election. With an Indian heritage, his elevation to No 10 as the first ever ethnic minority PM would be the embodiment of the modern British dream of equality of opportunity. We can never be certain how someone will perform in the top office. Highly experienced Theresa May was a dud, uncharismatic Clement Attlee a master. Unlikely as it may now seem, the winner this summer may turn out to have the stamp of greatness. 