Vladimir Putin's mouthpiece, Vladimir Solovyov has hit out at France's opposition to Lavrov's recent visit to Africa as Russia attempts to gain influence on the continent. Solovyov told his state-backed tv show that "Russia winning the fight for Africa" as the propagandist hit out at Emmanuel Macron. Solovyov told Russia1: "Macron is now worrying not about gas, but about Africa where Lavrov has arrived. "The French have suddenly realized that their backyard is no longer theirs. "Russia is winning the fight for Africa. "What was many years ago a colony, a territory of France, is in fact once again a territory of Russian influence.  "In any case, Lavrov's tour of Africa has really turned out to be a triumphantly illustrative march. "Macron can only grieve." Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday that Moscow supported Ethiopia's efforts to stabilise its internal political situation in remarks that sought to draw a contrast with what he presented as meddling by the West. Lavrov was in Addis Ababa wrapping up a four-nation African tour aimed at drumming up support for Moscow at a time of confrontation with Western powers over the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Childish' EU shuts down official relations with UK [LIVE]Europe is trying everything it can to turn us against them - LETTERS [LETTERS]No 10 claims delays at Dover 'not caused by Brexit' [REPORT] Most African nations, mindful of economic interests and historical ties with both Russia and the West, have declined to take sides over Ukraine. Ethiopia was considered a stalwart ally of the West until conflict broke out in November 2020 in its northern region of Tigray. The Ethiopian government has come under pressure from the United States and the European Union over its conduct in the conflict, which has killed thousands and displaced millions. "We confirmed our firm support for those efforts which the government is making to stabilise the situation and launch an inclusive national dialogue to solve the key questions," Lavrov said during a joint media briefing with his Ethiopian counterpart Demeke Mekonnen. Lavrov described African countries trying to define their own futures and solve their own problems as part of a trend towards a multipolar world which he accused the West of opposing in its pursuit of US hegemony. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Childish' EU shuts down official relations with UK [LIVE]Europe is trying everything it can to turn us against them - LETTERS [LETTERS]No 10 claims delays at Dover 'not caused by Brexit' [REPORT] Mr Demeke said his country was grateful for "Russia's unwavering support in helping us in safeguarding Ethiopia's sovereignty". The Ethiopian government has accused its foreign critics of seeking to unduly interfere in its internal affairs. Presenting Russia as a respectful friend to Africa, as opposed to overbearing Western powers with a colonial mindset, was a leitmotif of Lavrov's remarks during previous stops in the Congo Republic and Uganda. He expanded on the theme during a half-hour speech to diplomats at the Russian embassy in Addis Ababa in which he presented the Russian government's positions on Ukraine and international relations in general. READ NEXT:Macron 'hurting businesses all over EU' just to spite BrexitDire Dover delays leave 40,000 tourists stranded in huge queuesFrench told to turn off lights to save 'every little bit'Macron facing NUCLEAR nightmare as scorching heatwave cripples SIX ...Erdogan's fury with Macron: ‘He needs mental examination!’