 Ian Dykes, 63, said he is "disgusted" after he was fined for parking his car for the short period of time. The driver parked his vehicle at the East Street Car Park in Nottingham. He then found his attempts to pay for the parking session were rejected four times.  This was after constantly trying to enter his car registration number. Unable to park, Mr Dykes drove away from the car park and found somewhere else to park his car. He then set off on a job he was sent out to by his employer to do. However, the driver was hit with the large fine one week later - around half of his daily wage. READ MORE: Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses  Mr Dykes told the Nottingham Post: "What it was I work for Dell as an engineer and I was heading for the NG1 to park. "There's a cinema by the multi-storey car park and I had to go and do a job there to fix a machine. "And there was a car park just close by and I used the number to ring to pay for the parking. "So I rang it and put my registration number in, then they asked for it again so I put it in again - it asked my about four times for the number. "It wouldn't accept payment so within the eight minutes I was there I thought it's pointless leaving it here. "So I thought I'll go and park at the multi-storey car park, which I did. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [REVEAL] Drivers warned of huge fines for needlessly using their car horn [WARNING] Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT]   "And then a week later I got a fine for £60 fine for trying to pay for parking! "I appealed against it, showed them the ticket from the multi-storey car park with the difference of time which was eight minutes and they rejected it. "They said you'll have to pay £60 which I think is disgusting to be honest. "And everywhere you go in NG1 there's a problem with the parking, it's a nightmare trying to get close to the businesses where you're called to work. But I don't get it back, you see, I lose it out of my daily pay. He added: "That £60 comes out of my daily pay so that's like half my pay for the day. They said that the machine was working fine and it just wasn't, it was just looping all the time. It was just a nightmare. "There was only enough space for not even 20 cars and there was just one space in there so I thought I'd park there because it was not even five minutes away from where I needed to be. "I work in the Nottingham area five days a week for Dell, and I don't know the area very well because I've only lived here for five years, but if someone was to come into the city to do some shopping in the city centre, it's a nightmare to park." The issuers of the parking fine, Euro Car Parks were asked for comment by the Nottingham Post, but have yet to reply. Additional reporting by Jack Thurlow. 