The Queen has attended the royal weddings of all her children and grandchildren. But she has only worn blue a handful of times on these occasions. These include Prince Charles and Princess Diana’s wedding in 1981 and Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew’s nuptials in 1986.  The Queen also wore blue to her sister Princess Margaret’s wedding in 1960, as well as the first wedding of Princess Anne in 1973. However, all of these weddings sadly ended in divorce. Therefore, is the Queen wearing blue to a wedding a sign of bad luck? The Queen is the only person who can acceptably overshadow the bride, and her wedding attire always sets trends.  The style experts at Nasty Gal spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Queen’s choice to wear blue at these royal weddings. They said: “There’s an old superstition on wearing blue to weddings - ‘Married in blue, you will always be true’. “Therefore it’s surprising that the Queen has worn blue to so many royal weddings which have ended in divorce.” What does the colour blue symbolise?  The experts explained: “Blue can often symbolise strength and authority, so it’s definitely a colour that’s fit for a Queen. “It’s interesting that both the Queen and the Queen Mother wore blue to Diana and Sarah Ferguson’s weddings. “The similar colour choices show the unity and bond the two had, showing the love the Queen has for her mother and family. “They also both wore blue dresses to Prince William’s christening. READ MORE: Fans gush over Queen and George's 'special' bond in pictures “Blue can be seen as a cold colour, whereas yellow, green and purple are much warmer tones which match the general feeling of weddings and celebrations of love.” Why did the Queen choose against wearing blue at Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle’s weddings? The experts added: “The Queen wore yellow to Kate Middleton’s wedding and green to Meghan Markle’s.  “Both are colours that represent spring, new beginnings and growth. “These were the weddings of the new generation of royals. “The colours the Queen wore could symbolise the hope she has for the new stage of the Royal Family. “Clearly, both marriages are thriving which could mean they’re lucky colours for love!” 