A content creator detailed the "hack" recently. Armen Adamjan is the man behind Creative Explained. He creates "how-to" videos with hacks, tips, and tricks on his social media accounts. He said: "Never put potatoes in the fridge, it'll turn to starch into sugar. "So place them somewhere cool and dry and in a very dark spot." Why should people avoid storing potatoes in the fridge? We often assume the best place to store food is always the fridge. However, keeping some foods in the fridge can cause them to be ruined more quickly. Raw potatoes are one of these foods. Putting them in the fridge increases the sugar they contain. READ MORE: 'Fresh for weeks': How to keep carrots crunchy, berries mould-free and greens crispy It also increases the acrylamide within the potatoes. The chemical is found in starchy foods cooked at high temperatures and has been linked to cancer in animals. In fact, the Foods Standards Agency has said: "The most important food not to keep in the fridge are potatoes. "When these are stored in the fridge, the starch in the potato is converted to sugar. "When baked or fried, these sugars combine with the amino acid asparagine and produce the chemical acrylamide, which is thought to be harmful." What other foods should you not store in the fridge? DON'T MISSKeep veg and lettuce fresh with a genius tip - 'smartest decision' [HACKS] 'Don’t store in water!’ Keep carrots fresh and crunchy for months [HOW TO] 'No mould!’ Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with hack - no freezing [FOOD] Armen also discussed how to store a number of other common foods. What does he suggest? Onions and garlic Keep these outside the fridge in a dry cool area. Lettuce Wrap it in foil and keep it in the fridge. It will stay fresh for 30 days. Scallions and asparagus Fill up a jar with a little bit of water and add the produce. Then loosely place the plastic bag over them. They'll last for 10 to 14 days. Cucumbers Put them in a plastic bag, poke some holes in the bag and place them in a cool spot in the kitchen. Tomatoes Keep them on a kitchen counter to help preserve the flavour. Bananas Wrap the top of the bananas, or the stem, in plastic and store them in their own spot away from other fruit and veg. Bananas will encourage lots of other fruit and veg to go off prematurely.