Kremlin mouthpiece Solovyov has laid out a horrifying scenario in which Russia targets England with a nuclear-armed hypersonic missile but leaves the rest of the United Kingdom unharmed. Solovyov boasted in his latest TV rant that after the missile strike, Wales and Scotland would become independent while Ireland would be allowed to reunite. Solovyov lashed out in a tirade against the chief of the British Armed Forces Admiral Sir Tony Radakin. He went on to threaten Britain, saying the UK could be targeted in a strike by Russia's hypersonic Sarmat missile. The Putin propagandist told Russia1: "Admiral Tony Radakin…what are you the admiral of? What did you achieve? When did your British weapons beat anyone? "Who did you beat, and where, Admiral? They have completely lost their minds….  And they are lecturing us, the country [we can destroy with] one Sarmat." READ MORE: Lukashenko begins crackdown on OWN people with brutal step Another pundit, Professor Andrei Sidorov, dean of the Faculty of World Politics at Moscow State University, argued that more than one Sarmat would be needed to wipe out the whole UK. "We won't touch Scotland. Scotland will be independent," replied Solovyov. 'Wales has been quiet so far. Wales, too, will be independent. And at Biden's demand, Northern Ireland will unite with Ireland…. "The Union Jack will be over…." More than two weeks have passed since Russia's last major territorial gain in the war in Ukraine, capturing the eastern Ukrainian city of Lysychansk. Ukraine's General Army Staff said on Tuesday that Moscow's forces were busy shoring up their positions in recently seized territory and mounting limited but unsuccessful ground assaults, albeit in numerous different locations. A senior Russian security official said on Tuesday that peace in Ukraine when it came would be on Moscow's terms as Russian forces struck targets across the country with missiles even as their ground offensive stuttered. Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's former president who is now deputy head of its Security Council, struck a defiant tone though, signalling that Moscow was ready to do whatever it took in order to prevail. DON'T MISS: Top ranked Belarussian troops rebel against Russian invasion [REVEAL] 'Deploy weapons!' Lukashenko orders Russia send nuclear strike on West [REPORT] Putin hints at unleashing horror defence pact with Belarus [INSIGHT] "Russia will achieve all its goals. There will be peace - on our terms," Medvedev said. He has become increasingly hawkish in his criticism of the West since Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on Feb. 24 in what it calls a "special military operation" to ensure its own security. The Kremlin has said there is no time limit to a conflict which Ukraine and the West have called an unprovoked war of aggression designed to grab territory and erase Ukrainian identity. Britain's ministry of defence, which supports Kyiv, said on Thursday it believed Russian forces were unable to advance swiftly due to personnel shortages. 