This summer is the fourth occasion Cristiano Ronaldo has fought to leave Manchester United behind. The Portugal international is eager to quit the Red Devils for a team playing in the Champions League, just 11 months after his blockbuster return. However, there’s currently no indication he’ll get his wish with the fallen Premier League giants adamant their No 7 isn’t going anywhere. Ronaldo did his part for United last season, with the 37-year-old scoring an impressive 24 goals across all competitions. However, that wasn’t enough to propel the Red Devils into the Champions League with the team finishing sixth in the table amid a horrendous campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Though Erik ten Hag is the new power figure at United, Ronaldo still wants to go. Chelsea have emerged as potential suitors, while Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich have all been linked as well. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at all four times Ronaldo has battled to get away from United over the years. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez In 2006, Ronaldo starred as Portugal reached the semi-finals of the World Cup in Germany - where they’d lose to France. However, the United star upset the whole of the United Kingdom when he appeared to try and get Wayne Rooney sent off. Ronaldo was seen winking to the bench as his team-mate received his marching orders for a perceived stamp on Ricardo Carvalho. And, amid a backlash, he then publicly expressed a desire to quit by saying: "I should get out of Manchester as the circumstances are not right. "Nobody stood up for me and my desire is to play in Spain. Will it be Real or Barcelona? It will be one of them." Ultimately, it was neither that year with Sir Alex Ferguson intervening to ensure Ronaldo stayed put. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen In 2008, United were the best team in the country. They won the Premier League title, beating Chelsea to the prize, while the Blues were also beaten in the Champions League final in Moscow. Ronaldo, after winning the lot with United, then tried to secure a move to Real Madrid - who believed they had a deal lined up. Yet Ferguson, once again, intervened. The Scot persuaded Ronaldo to stay put, with the Portugal international going on to spend another 12 months at Old Trafford. He added another league title to his collection, though his last game for the club was a 2-0 defeat to Barcelona in the Champions League final. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team In 2009, Ronaldo eventually got his wish. It was certainly a case of third time lucky, with the United star getting his wish of a move to Spain. Previously, Ferguson had claimed he ‘wouldn’t sell that mob a virus’ when referring to Madrid, who embarked on a very public pursuit of the forward. Yet, in the end, his hands were tied. Ronaldo was eager to play for the biggest club and the world and did exactly that, spending nine glittering years at the Bernabeu before jumping ship for Juventus in 2018. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fast-forward to now, and Ronaldo again wants out. United expected to be challenging for the Premier League title when he returned in August, especially having won two of their opening three matches. But, ultimately, that didn’t happen. The Red Devils finished sixth last term and, in truth, were lucky not to finish lower given their shambolic season under Solskjaer and Rangnick. Ronaldo feels he stands a better chance of winning trophies if he quits United, who haven’t won a single piece of silverware since Jose Mourinho steered them to Europa League glory in 2017. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.