Demography expert Paul Morland has called for a tax to be introduced to childless adults. In a piece for The Times, Mr Morland pointed out that the growing population is ageing and growth is slowly down as no children are being born. But Toby from Brighton hit out at the suggestion. Speaking to BBC's the Vine show, Toby said: "I think the idea of filling the world with more children is ludicrous given that the state of climate change at the moment. "The things they say you can do best is to have one less child. "My wife and I have decided not to have children for many reasons, one of them being climate change. "Not having kids is better than not eating meat or stopping flying. READ MORE: Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water "It's the best thing you can do. It seems that the idea of having more kids to look after elderly people just doesn't work. We've got to find better ways of doing it." It comes after Mr Morland said: "This may seem unfair on those who can’t or won’t have children, but it recognises that we all rely on there being a next generation and that everyone should contribute to the cost of creating that generation." It comes as the proportion of children living in families which could not afford essentials fell by a quarter in the six years before the coronavirus pandemic, research suggests. The rate of children in material deprivation fell from 24 percent in 2013 to 18 percent in 2019, according to analysis by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS). But over the same period relative child poverty rose, driven by benefit cuts, researchers found. It increased from 27 percent in 2013 to 31 percent in 2019, its highest level since 2007, using a measure of children living in a household with income below 60 percent of the median. Researchers believe the reductions in material deprivation were in part down to a fall in the prices of essential goods including food and gas. They say current inflation rates, not seen since the early 1980s, are "eroding the real value of household incomes", and material deprivation among children could rise along with the cost of living. DON'T MISS Mo Farah 'touched by support' after revealing he was trafficked to UK [INSIGHT]Will schools close in the hot weather? What you need to know [ANALYSIS]GB News: 'Unconvincing' Truss torn apart by body language expert [VIDEO] The findings are published in the IFS's annual report on living standards, inequality and poverty. It found that the proportion of children living in material deprivation fell by six percentage points between 2013 and 2019, based on asking families whether they could afford a range of items and activities. The proportion of children in low-income households whose families could not afford adequate heating fell from 22 percent to 12 percent over this period. The IFS said this is likely to reflect a 17 percent fall in the real price of gas, with prices of clothing and unprocessed food also falling in real terms.