Outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson has a few months left in office as a "caretaker" and will continue to manage the Government while the Conservative Party elects his replacement. The timetable remains undecided as of yet, but should arrive in the next week, Mr Johnson said, as he works to create one with the party's Parliamentary 1922 Committee. Candidates are emerging ahead of that official announcement, some of whom have spent the last few years helping prop up the Prime Minister's ill-fated regime, and Express.co.uk has taken a look at the official competitors. Grant Shapps has announced his candidacy this afternoon by immediately criticising the Government in which he served alongside Mr Johnson. The Transport Secretary, who was not among those to resign last week, said he would end an era of “tactical Government by an often distracted centre”. He launched a platform along a common theme; the cost of living crisis. Mr Shapps pledged to address the crisis and rebuild the UK economy until it becomes the largest in Europe by 2050. He said he would cut personal taxes for the UK's “most vulnerable” while ruling out a General Election. READ MORE: 'Et tu?' moment threw bomb at Tories’ heart, blasts CAROLE MALONE Ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak has become the most senior Tory to launch a leadership bid, announcing his intentions on July 8. While he was slightly behind some of his colleagues, his website Readyforrishi.com betrays his long-held leadership ambitions. His team registered the domain on December 23, 2021, as the Partygate scandal ignited, and he appeared still loyal to Mr Johnson. In a campaign video, Mr Sunak promised to "rebuild the economy", despite having commanded economic policy for two years, and pledged his unending patriotism just months after reports revealed he held a US green card. Regardless, he was immediately propelled to top favourite with odds of 2/1 to become the next PM. As serving Attorney General, Ms Braverman was among those calling for Mr Johnson to resign from within Government. She became the first Tory to express leadership ambitions the day before he resigned, throwing her hat in the ring on July 6. Her hopes were met with immediate ridicule from the Labour frontbencher, as she was excoriated in Parliament by shadow Attorney General Emily Thornberry. Ms Thornberry asked her what her plans to shrink the Government would mean for the Crown Prosecution Service as UK courts suffer from "record backlogs". Ms Braverman has one high-profile backer, her former European Research Group colleague Steve Baker who said she would deliver on priorities such as "cutting taxes and seeing through Brexit", earning her odds of 7/1 from Ladbrokes. Foreign Affairs Select Committee chair Tom Tugendhat became a candidate on July 8 alongside Mr Sunak. The MP, who has represented Tonbridge and Malling since 2015, has not yet received a Government appointment but is a popular outside candidate. Mr Tugendhat said he would proudly serve as Prime Minister for the first time several months ago, now on odds of 9/1. But he has one potential handicap that could douse his hopes of taking the UK's top office. He voted against Brexit, and while he has since supported efforts to realise the "will of the people", his vote will likely work against him. Kemi Badenoch became the most recent candidate to run for Tory leader when she launched her bid this morning. Ms Badenoch, who resigned with more than 50 other junior ministers on Thursday, confirmed her candidacy in The Times, where she advocated for limited Government and "truth". While she has criticised Mr Johnson, she previously served under him in several positions. From 2019 to 2022, the outgoing PM assigned her to four roles in as many departments. She resigned on Thursday as Minister of State for Local Government, Faith and Communities but doesn't have success odds from leading bookmakers yet.