BBC diplomatic correspondent Paul Adams, speaking from Kyiv, said Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is blaming the west for the current global food crisis. Referring to Mr Lavrov, now in Africa to strengthen foreign alliances, he explained the Russian Foreign Minister is now in Africa to incite the counties he visits to stick with Russia and, at the same time, to convince them that “they should not blame Russia for this crisis”. Mr Adams told BBC Breakfast: “One of the major impacts of the war here in Ukraine has been this effect on global food crisis. “The UN increasingly exercised about the fact that more and more people, particularly in the Middle East and Africa, are being pushed into food insecurity, possibly even towards famine. “That’s why last Friday’s deal that was reached in Istanbul after two intense months of diplomacy was so important. “A deal to get grain that was trapped in Ukraine’s ports, in particular in Odessa, out safely into the global market to relieve this pressure. “You might think that the Russian attack on Odessa, just the day before yesterday, less that 24 hours after the deal was signed, might cause problems for Russia’s Foreign Minister [Sergei Lavrov] as he goes to Africa. “He is there to reassure some traditional allies, allies since the days of the Cold War. “[He is there to tell these countries] that they should stick with Russia. “And that Russia will supply as much grain as it possibly can. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as ‘all four Russian cruise missiles’ “That Russia will fulfil its orders and that these countries should not blame Russia. “They should look at the west to blame for this crisis, for example saying that the ships that have been trapped in the port of Odessa for the last five months had been effectively held hostage by Ukraine”. The comments came a day after the strike that Russia carried out in the port of Odessa. According to authorise in Ukraine, the strike destroyed a Ukrainian military vessel and a number of US-supplied Harpoon anti-ship missiles. DON'T MISS: Truss to supercharge Brexit Britain's growth by slashing red tape [WATCH]Liz Truss campaign run by hardline Remainers, claims Brexit architect [LISTEN]French excuses over Dover travel 'mess' dismantled [INSIGHT] The Russian attack happened only a day after Russia and Ukraine signed separate agreements Friday with Turkey and the United Nations to reopen grain exports from Ukrainian Black Sea ports. President Zelensky commented the strike and said that the attack showed that Russia cannot be trusted to stick to the deal. He also accused Russia of "barbarism". In the wake of the attack, Secretary of State Antony Blinken commented: “This attack casts serious doubt on the credibility of Russia’s commitment to yesterday’s deal and undermines the work of the UN, Turkey and Ukraine to get critical food to world markets”. READ NEXT: Rwanda policy backed by smugglersBrexit: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argumentBBC TV licence fee defence sparks backlash as Brits demand changeSky nightmare after asylum expert unleashes foul-mouth rantOil price slump: Joy for UK motorists as oil falls to £78 a barrel