It certainly feels like 2008 again. David Tennant is returning as Doctor Who, Tobey Maguire has donned the red and blue colours of Spider-Man once again and, now, Cristiano Ronaldo wants out of Manchester United but is unlikely to get his wish. However, the very fact he’s questioning the club’s ambition is a damning indictment of the Glazers and their tenure as owners. It emerged on Saturday that Ronaldo had asked to leave United providing a suitable offer arrive, just 11 months after his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus. There is certainly a line of thought that a parting of the ways would suit all involved, even though it represents a nightmare scenario for Erik ten Hag so early into his reign. Ronaldo was always going to be a short-term solution when he returned to Old Trafford, despite insisting he could be a ‘big thing’ for the next three and four years. He certainly didn’t disappoint last term, registering 24 goals across all competitions including 18 in the Premier League. Ronaldo was a shining light under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, conjuring some of the magic of old to get some pulses racing at Old Trafford despite a campaign of utter mediocrity. But he isn’t the player of old. That, despite his talent and quality, is clear. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Ronaldo’s arrival actually seemed to have a negative impact on the rest of United’s forwards. Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial, who had had their moments under Solskjaer, suddenly regressed. And his move also overshadowed Jadon Sancho, who had been expecting to be the club’s talisman following his £73million move from Borussia Dortmund. If Ronaldo does depart, it won’t be like when he quit for Real Madrid in 2009. The Red Devils would be selling a player approaching the end of his career, rather than in his prime. But there’s no denying the fact that the Portugal international wanting to quit speaks volumes about the Glazers. Ronaldo feels United can’t match his ambition. The most-successful team in Premier League history, can’t live up to what one of the best players in history wants. He believes the club need six or seven signings, close to the figure that was mooted by Rangnick back in April. It’s worth noting that, when the German said that, the Red Devils hierarchy were far from happy. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But it’s true. It’s obviously true. This United squad, for all of Ten Hag’s coaching ability, won’t be winning the Premier League title anytime soon. Diogo Dalot and Luke Shaw are two full-backs who will be staying but are they good enough? Shaw was decent under Solskjaer but regressed last term, cutting the inconsistent figure he often resembled under the likes of Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. Likewise Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof. Maguire and Lindelof have long struggled for consistency, while Varane didn’t exactly set the world alight upon touching down from Real Madrid 12 months ago. In midfield, the club are far too light. Fred and Scott McTominay are good players, but not assets that can fire this club to the biggest trophies in the land. Even with Frenkie de Jong arriving, the club need a defensive-midfielder. At the moment, though, they’re not even pursuing a single one. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Wingers like Sancho and Rashford would benefit from increased competition, besides that of Anthony Elanga. Elanga is on the right track but is nowhere near good enough to start every single week. And United also need a striker regardless of whether or not Ronaldo stays. He can’t play every week, something he’s actually privately accepted, but the Red Devils have baulked at some of the fees being floated around for top targets. They want De Jong, they’re on the verge of signing Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez is another priority target. But the trio alone won’t be enough to bring back the glory days. The Glazers have the money, the club have the money, but the Americans don’t seem willing to release the substantial funds that are required to turn everything around. Top clubs would. Manchester City have solved problems in a single transfer window in the past, while even Liverpool have done the same by spending big money. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Richard Arnold has claimed the money is ‘there’ but is it really? He’s hardly going to condemn the Glazers given they’re the ones who gave him a nice promotion mere months ago. United losing Ronaldo won’t be the end of the world, just as it wasn’t when he quit for Real Madrid all those years ago. But the very fact it’s over the club’s lack of ambition is damning and sums up the current state of affairs at Old Trafford. How we’d love to know what Sir Alex Ferguson thinks about it all. Alas, we’re unlikely to find out until the Scot decides to speak. United aren’t the team they used to be and Ronaldo knows that. His move back was meant to usher in an exciting new era under Solskjaer but, less than a year on, both parts of that double act could be gone.