Towie's Yazmin Oukhellou, 28, is understood to be in hospital in a serious condition in Turkey after being involved in a fatal car crash. The reality star's friend Jake McLean, 33, was killed in the crash after it is understood that he lost control of his car. The 33-year-old was understood to be driving in Bodrum, Turkey when he lost control of his car. When emergency services arrived on the scene, nothing could be done for Jake, while Yazmin is believed to be being treated in intensive care. A source told The Sun: "Apparently Jake was driving when he lost control of the car and it went off a cliff." Another source said: "It's a complete tragedy and a total loss of life. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello "Everyone is in shock and is hoping Yazmin makes a full recovery", the MailOnline reported. Yazmin and Jake previously dated, with her living in Dubai with him for a year. She confirmed their relationship with a loved-up Dubai snap in December. However, in January Yazmin revealed they had split in an Instagram post. This comes as Yazmin was recently spotted enjoying lunch with her ex and fellow Towie star James Lock. The pair were pictured on a lunch date in Essex after training for a Celeb MMA event. Nonetheless, the reality star insisted that the pair were just friends, with Yazmin going to her ex for advice. She said: "Me and James are just friends. "He's really been there for me recently after getting out of an abusive relationship. DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [HEALTH] ‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage [INSTAGRAM] Amber Heard appeal asks court dismiss Depp verdict or order new trial [HOLLYWOOD] "I've been through a lot of s*** and find it hard to trust people. He's that person I can turn to in bad times. "It's like I can't be friends with an ex without people thinking there's something going on. "I'm trying to be independent and heal. I want to sort my s*** out and focus on myself", she told The Sun. James is now dating Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson on and off. Yazmin was set to return to the UK later this month to start filming for The Only Way Is Essex. Last month saw the Towie cast jet off to the Dominican Republic for filming. The ITV2 show was expected to make a huge comeback as Yazmin reunites with her ex James on screen. Others on the show include Pete Wicks, Amber Turner, Amy Childs and Harry Derbridge.