Lydia (played by Karen Blick) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale lately, with the last storyline she was involved in being when she wanted to buy a caravan. In the end, she accepted it was too far out of her reach and settled for the renovated one Sam Dingle (James Hooton) surprised her with. As well as this, she has also been undertaking a job as a waitress at the café and she has continued to clean Home Farm for Kim Tate (Claire King), but upcoming scenes on the ITV soap could see her give this all up for a new venture. The drama begins next week as the fallout of Kim firing Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) and the Take A Vow company as her wedding planners continues. Needing someone to undertake the responsibility of organising her wedding to Will Taylor (Dean Andrews), the businesswoman approaches the person she trusts most. Enter Lydia, who has no choice but to become Kim's wedding planner when her boss tells her this is what she will be doing for the next few weeks. Still juggling her other jobs as well at the moment, Lydia tries to cope with the amount of stress which has been put upon her shoulders. With Kim on the phone as she works at the café, Lydia promises the village villain she will plan her the wedding of the decade. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party Knowing it's been a lot of stress for Lydia to organise her wedding, Kim could come up with an idea to repay her friend for everything she's done. With Leyla struggling to keep Take A Vow afloat at the moment, the businesswoman could ask to buy her out of the company. As she knows she has lost the battle, Leyla could accept Kim's bid and she could bid farewell to the business she built up from the ground. Kim won't be running Take A Vow, however, as Lydia will become the new owner as the takeover of the business begins. Lydia would be shocked Kim is giving her an entire business but having dealt with the wedding to an impeccable standard, she could see herself as a new mogul for planning weddings. Although Lydia has never had any business acumen, she could come into her own as she appoints a new team of staff to work alongside her. This could include getting some members of the Dingle family involved such as Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) who has a mind for business. Having developed an interest in hair styling and make-up, Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) could be a part of the beauty team alongside Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley). With Lydia in charge, the business could go from success to success, showing Leyla that maybe her management style wasn't the best. Will the Dingle family takeover the village as they exert their power over the Woolpack, beauty salon and now Take A Vow? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [COMMENT] 'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [COMMENT]Liam Fox married to Hollyoaks star before old girlfriend reunion [ANALYSIS] The actress who plays Kim, Claire, has spoken about her character's relationship with Lydia in the past, having gotten to know her over the past couple of years. Claire explained as part of the who drugged Kim storyline her alter-ego trusts Lydia with her life, no matter what. With the character having no idea who was poisoning her, the soap actress said: "She’d ruled out Lydia at this point. "Because she drank it and just seemed totally innocent of it. Also, Lydia has been a real support and help to Kim recently when she passed out. "So yes, she has ruled Lydia out," Claire added and Lydia was a source of support to Kim when she hit a hurdle in her relationship with Will earlier this year. However, if she becomes the new owner of Take A Vow, Lydia might not get the business makeover herself and remain with her roots. Speaking with regard to the protocols put in place as a result of the pandemic which meant actors had to do their own make-up, the actress who plays Lydia, Karen, said: "Thankfully, Lydia is not awfully glamorous, so I did not have to recreate some fantastic look. "Jess, the head of make-up here, talked me through cutting my fringe and I was more nervous about that than recording the episode. "You need to show your eyes when acting, so it had to be done," she added. It seems viewers on Twitter would like to see more of the beloved character at the centre of big storylines on the show. Ryan wrote on the social media platform: "Leyla can't be the only wedding planner on #Emmerdale. Didn't Lydia used to plan weddings?" Darrenn added: "hello, loved last night's #Emmerdale, great stuff from you and @jamhoot, can’t wait to see what’s coming up with Lydia, hope you are having a lovely weekend Karen." Mike posted: "Good to see Lydia and Sam scenes tonight #Emmerdale @karenblick @jamhoot." Will viewers be seeing more of Lydia if she does end up becoming the new owner of Take A Vow? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.