Manchester United need to sell some of their current defenders before pursuing Lisandro Martinez, according to reports. The Ajax star is also wanted by Arsenal, despite Mikel Arteta already having a strong centre-back pairing in Ben White and Gabriel at the Emirates. However, while he’s open to a move to north London, his preference appears to be a reunion with Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford. Manchester United want to sign a new centre-back this summer, with the likes of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane blowing hot and cold under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Yet the Daily Mail say that, while they’re eyeing Martinez, they’ll need to offload three of their current centre-backs in order to raise funds. Phil Jones is mentioned as one potential casualty, a decade on from his arrival from Blackburn Rovers. The England international was tipped for the very top by Sir Alex Ferguson, who even compared him to Busby Babes icon Duncan Edwards. Jones starred as United won the Premier League title in 2013, wrestling the crown back from fierce rivals Manchester City. But injuries have marred his career over the years and his potential, at the age of 30, remains unfulfilled. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Jones made four Premier League appearances for United last term, which is also the same amount as Eric Bailly. Bailly is also mentioned as a player who potentially holds the key to a deal, with the Ivory Coast international frustrated over in Manchester. A year ago, when Solskjaer was manager, he was persuaded into penning a new contract with the club. Bailly was promised more opportunities but, just two months after his renewal, the Red Devils splurged £40m on Varane - who arrived from Real Madrid. United are set to cut the former Villarreal star loose, providing a buyer can be found. And, if they’re successful in getting Bailly off their books, then that will only add to Ten Hag’s transfer kitty. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen A third player presently deemed surplus to requirements is Axel Tuanzebe. Solskjaer expected the 24-year-old to be a significant part of United’s future, having excelled at youth level. However, last season, he experienced nightmare loan spells at both Aston Villa and Napoli. At Villa, Tuanzebe felt he was marginalised following the arrival of Steven Gerrard as manager and due to the 42-year-old’s Liverpool past. And Tuanzebe made just one league appearance for Napoli in Serie A, spending the bulk of his time in Italy watching on from the sidelines. United will be hoping they can beat Arsenal to Martinez’s signature. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But they’ll have to act quickly, with the centre-back open to moving to north London even if his preference is a reunion with Ten Hag. Meanwhile, former Ajax star Marciano Vink was asked about Martinez’s future last month. And, when quizzed on whether he’d be on the move this summer, he said: “You never know, of course, but if there are so many economic gains to be made. “Ajax should always focus on the next one. I think €40m should definitely be negotiable. “I think [Ben] White is good, and Gabriel is still a bit unpolished. Neither of them are brilliant builders. “He [Martinez] would be brought in for the position of left central defender, and I don’t think they’ll take Gabriel out at Arsenal just like that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If they get Martinez, I think they’ll get him for the bench. As a back-up.” He then tipped Martinez to move to La Liga, insisting it would ‘suit him better’ despite interest from United and Arsenal. “Martinez is a very good and tough defender, he also shows it in the Argentine team,” Vink said. “I think the system and the way in which Ajax played and the combination with [Jurrien] Timber made him an even better player. They are two pitbulls standing there. “He has a very good pass and creates a good build-up. He sees the game well. I only wonder if he is really suitable to play in England. “I’d rather see him in the Spanish league. I think that suits him better.”