Sajid Javid has said that a referendum on Scottish independence cannot be ruled out "forever". Mr Javid launched his bid for the Tory leadership contest overnight with an interview with The Sunday Telegraph. The former health secretary was quizzed in a series of quickfire questions on BBC's Sunday Morning programme. On the question of Scottish independence, Mr Javid said he would not rule out another Scottish independence referendum "forever", but would not have one "at least for a decade". He said: "The last one was for a generation and that generation hasn't changed. "No, not forever but not at least for a decade." This echoes Jeremy Hunt, who earlier in the programme also told Sophie Raworth that he would block another referendum "for at least a decade". JUST IN: Remainer Tory leader hopefuls warned against Brexit voter 'betrayal'  The question of Scotland's future comes just two weeks after Nicola Sturgeon laid out her clearest timetable yet for another independence referendum. Last month, she told MSPs that her Government wanted to stage a second independence referendum on 19 October 2023, using the same question put to voters in 2014: “Should Scotland be an independent country?” Ms Sturgeon also set up a showdown with Downing Street by taking the legality of a new referendum to the UK Supreme Court. She hopes that the court will grant Scotland the legal powers to stage a referendum without Westminster's permission.  Ms Sturgeon said there was a "widespread sense of relief" after Boris Johnson announced his resignation. The SNP leader told the BBC: "The chaos and complete lack of integrity that has characterised Boris Johnson's premiership has in the last few days descended into complete and utter farce. "All at a time when people in every part of the UK are struggling with very real challenges. DON'T MISS: I wouldn’t even let Boris take my dog for a walk, says MICHAEL COLE [COMMENT]Rees-Mogg tests Brexiteer credentials of candidates with single demand [INTERVIEW]Tom Tugendhat squirms over bid to become PM [VIDEO]  Ms Sturgeon added that the chaos in Westminster had proved her point on independence. She said: "Scotland needs a permanent alternative to Westminster which is why the independence choice is so necessary". However, BBC Scotland correspondent Philip Sim suggested that the fall of Boris Johnson was a blow to the SNP. He wrote: "The SNP love campaigning against him. He is a regular and prominent feature of their campaign ads - and a virtual stranger to those of the Scottish Tories. "Could there be a little part of the first minister which feels she's missed the chance to go up against Mr Johnson in an independence referendum?" READ NEXT: 'Jeremy Hunt and I are not soulmates but this is why I MUST back him'Hunt blows Tory leadership wide open with Esther Mcvey DPM dealCost-of-living crisis forces families out of the countryside - PollBrexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU mostPenny Mordaunt launches patriotic Tory leadership campaign 