A video was posted on Twitter by user @ldtnubs showing people being evacuated from the terminal while a siren went off. The alarm is joined by an automated message saying: “Attention please. An incident has arisen that necessitates the immediate evacuation of this area.” It has been reported that armed special operations officers are on scene and ensuring that the evacuation is carried out efficiently. Twitter user @ldtnubs tweeted: “Whole of terminal three being evacuated at Manchester Airport. No news yet but everyone is leaving.” David Williams, who tweets with the handle @david4lcs, said: “Manchester Airport evacuation of Terminal 3. Chaotic. “Everyone told to leave and go outside but barely anyone hearing instructions. Now open again. Long queues.” The tweet was posted with a video showing travellers queuing up inside the terminal while the alarm is still ringing advising people to listen for further instructions by staff. Greater Manchester Police told Express.co.uk they have not received any reports from the airport indicating any problems. A Manchester Airport spokesman confirmed the incident was down to a false alarm as a result of a small area being evacuated due to one of the red boxes being set off, with the situation now back to normal. The latest incident comes against a backdrop of mounting frustration at airports UK wide, with passengers complaining about lengthy complained queues leading outside airport terminals that have forced many to miss flights and lose hundreds of pounds. Airline passengers have been hit by disruption for several months, with the situation worsening due to the rise in demand sparked by the half-term school holiday and the four-day Platinum Jubilee weekend. JUST MORE: Boris Johnson on the brink of snap election The aviation industry is suffering from staff shortages after letting thousands of people go during the coronavirus pandemic. Speaking last month, Mick Lyon, from Liverpool, said his time at Manchester Airport on Friday was "very frustrating". Travelling home from Paris, the 39-year-old said passengers were queueing outside the terminal as passport control barriers were closed down. He said: "I travel for work and fly most weeks and Manchester Airport is certainly the worst experience at any airport. "Literally needed someone to open up the barriers so people could queue orderly... it could have easily been avoided by opening up the barriers." DON'T MISSSimon Calder explains how Ryanair strikes could hit Britons [INSIGHT]Heathrow strikes: Key workers vote to strike - over 70 airlines hit [UPDATE]Airline passengers forced to sleep by bins as BA cuts 1,500 flights [ANALYSIS]