Virgin River fans were thrilled to see the series hold its position in Netflix's top 10. The escapist drama introduced Denny (played by Kai Bradbury) as Doc's (Tim Matheson) grandson, who was hiding something about his health. Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) found a bottle of pills labelled clonazepam in his drawer, but what are the klonopin pills for? Virgin River fans were intrigued at the arrival of Denny as the mysterious character was not giving much away. The youngster had lost both of his parents, with his father dying recently from a health condition. He explained to his grandfather Doc Mullins how he lived alone with his grandmother after their deaths. Denny was acting strangely while he was staying at the clinic, breaking into the medicine cabinet to steal something. Later in the season, Lizzie was fetching something from Denny's drawer when she came across a bottle of clonazepam, otherwise known as klonopin. READ MORE: Virgin River explained: Who is Ryan Cutler?  She made the brave decision to tell Doc what she had seen, saying she knew people "took the pills to get high". Doc confronted Denny about the pills and he said he was taking them for anxiety following his father's death. However, this was not entirely true as he was in fact taking the medication, which belonged to his father, to curb the symptoms of Huntington's Disease. He explained to Lizzie how he couldn't be with her romantically as he had a terminal condition. Huntington’s Disease is caused by the formation of toxic protein fragments which accumulate and poison cells causing neurodegeneration. Damage to nerve cells can cause muscle tremors and in some cases anxiety. Klonopin is thought to 'tone down' signals emitted by nerve cells. For patients with Huntington’s, Klonopin is prescribed to ease muscle tremors and rigidity. However, it can sometimes worsen some psychiatric symptoms such as depression. Klonopin can cause some side effects such as dizziness and headaches, as well as tiredness. DON'T MISS... Is Denny really Doc’s grandson in Virgin River? [INSIGHT] Who is Stacie in Virgin River? [EXPLAINER] Who bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4? [INSIGHT] Denny passed out when he got back from helping Lizzie, and it may have been as a result of his medication. He was not prescribed the pills by a doctor, instead, he was taking his father's old medication. Doc advised he sought help from specialists, but Denny was reluctant to open up to anyone else about his condition. Hopefully, season five will see Denny come to his senses and seek professional help. He said he did not want his family to think differently of him, which is why he kept it a secret. However, he ended up revealing to Lizzie how he could not be with her for this reason. She may be the one to persuade him to see a specialist and get properly prescribed medication. Lizzie clearly has feelings for Denny and she would be willing to help take care of him. She has already proven her selflessness by helping Hope (Annette O'Toole) following her accident.   Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now. Season 5 is in production.