Kate looked radiant in a long white dress as she attended the Guards Polo Club in Windsor to watch the annual Royal Charity Polo Cup, supporting William who played in the match. Kate was spotted arriving at the prestigious club with William as he took to the polo field ready for the charity match. The Duchess was accompanied by the couple's adorable black cocker spaniel - named Orla. She looked relaxed in a white Emilia Wickstead dress with black detailing down the front and matching black sunglasses, as she watched the match. Later in the day, Kate was seen playfully stroking the young pup as she enjoyed a glass of Pimms in the sunshine.    Orla is believed to be the couple's second pooch, after their previous dog Lupo, who was a wedding present from Kate's brother, died in 2020. With this match, the Duke of Cambridge will raise funds for and awareness of a number of charities and associations close to his and Kate's heart. The royal couple hope to raise £1million for as many as 10 different charities. The patronages and organisations to benefit from this game are SHOUT, The Foundling Museum, The Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, London’s Air Ambulance, Mountain Rescue England and Wales, The Anna Freud Centre, Family Action, The Forward Trust, East Anglia Children’s Hospice (EACH) and The Passage, Kensington Palace said.    William will play in the round robin event, with three teams competing for the cup, and will be part of the US Polo Assn team, taking on BP Polo and Monterosso Vikings. Playing with the Duke is James Harper, who has been named captain of England for the match against Uruguay for the Coronation Cup at Guards, which will take place later this month. The game today is far from being the Duke's first charity polo match, as the royal has hosted and participated in several games aiming to support organisations over the past years. He has also played alongside his father, Prince Charles and brother, Prince Harry - who is said to be an impressive player. The Dukes last played together in public in July 2019, when they led opposing teams while their wives and children looked on from the sidelines. Despite both brothers playing polo for many years, the Duke of Sussex took up the sport at a professional level after moving to California, where he now plays for the Los Padres team. The team, which is led by Nacho Figueras - a professional polo player, model and close friend of Harry's, is based at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club, close to where the Sussexes now live. Prince William's left-handedness is said to give his younger brother the upper hand when it comes to playing the equestrian sport. 