There have been many chaotic scenes at UK airports this year, with passengers facing heavy queues at airport security. But how can passengers save money on liquids and get more through security? Reena Sewraz, money expert at Which? shared her top tips on liquids with Express.co.uk. This could help make it easier to get through security. She said: “Many brands now offer shampoo and conditioner bars. “They are easy to travel with as they don't count as a liquid, gel or aerosol and won't need to be placed in a see-through bag to pass through security. “It's also possible to buy things such as solid toothpaste and deodorant sticks, which won't count towards your liquids allowance either. “These kinds of products are growing in popularity as they often use less packaging and may be more sustainable. READ MORE: Airport chaos: All countries reporting major delays and queues Shampoo bars or bars of soap won’t count as liquids at security and don’t take up much space in hand luggage. Reena added: “Those wanting to take toiletries that are larger than 100ml on holiday with them could use a click-and-collect service to get them delivered to an airport branch of Boots. “These can be picked up after passing through security. Customers can order and pay for the toiletries they’d like online by placing the order three days in advance. “They will also need to choose the date of their flight as the pickup date. “Check whether there is a Boots at the airport by using its store locator online, they can be found around the UK, including at Heathrow, Gatwick, Luton and Manchester airports. Boots’ click and collect service costs £1.50 for a spend less than £15 – otherwise, it's free.” Click and collect toiletries can also be taken on the plane in a duty free carrier bag which doesn’t count as hand luggage. Reena said: “If travelling in a group, you could buy your toiletries when you arrive at your chosen destination and share - rather than buying individually. “Consider coordinating and sharing full-sized items. For instance, one person buys the sun cream, while someone else brings toothpaste. READ MORE: The Cruise crew deal with gatecrashers at VIP escape     “If one member of the group is taking a bag for the hold, consider splitting the cost of full-sized toiletries to go in their bag. “In its price analysis, Which? found that a full-sized Dove body wash, costing £1.15, was cheaper than the travel-sized version, which cost £1.50. “In the case of the Tresemmé Moisture Rich Conditioner, it costs £1.50 for the miniature 100ml size, nearly five times the cost per 100ml for the full-sized product.” Full sized products are nearly always better value and can be purchased in a holiday destination or packed in a shared cabin bag. Reena added: “Some hotels and Airbnb rentals provide shampoo, conditioner and shower gel for guests. “See if you can find out whether they offer these products before you go so you don’t buy products you won’t need. “It can also be worth keeping the bottles to reuse for your own liquids in the future, as they’re often travel-sized and many hotels will just throw them away when you leave.” Miniature bottles always come in handy and are a great way to decant larger products for short trips abroad.