Barcelona head coach Xavi Hernandez is working on a sensational deal that would see Lionel Messi return to the club next summer. Reports in Catalonia claim the club legend could re-sign for Barca when his contract at Paris Saint-Germain expires in 2023. The 34-year-old was essentially forced to find another club in August 2021 after the La Liga giants found they were unable to keep the Argentinian star at the club due to the league’s strict salary cap put in place. That ended the Barca maestro’s 21-year relationship with the club and he later signed a two-year deal with an option for a third season with PSG worth a reported £94m. But the Catalan giants appear to have out their financial troubles behind them for now after selling off their 10 per-cent of their TV rights for the next 25 years to a financial firm. READ MORE: Ronaldo 'concern' over rival Messi is influencing Man Utd decision They have spent over £105m this summer to sign Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha from Leeds, with more deals lined up. And according to local publication Sport, Xavi is keen to engineer a deal that would see Messi make an emotional return to the Camp Nou before he decides to hang up his boots. The report claims Xavi has an ‘excellent relationship’ with Messi, having played alongside him between 2006 and 2015. Messi was the leading figure for years in helping Barcelona win eight La Liga titles and three Champions League trophies, breaking the record for most goals for the club with 672 as well as being their record appearance-maker with 778 games. And their collective wish is to see the club icon back in the Blaugrana colours once again, believing it could boost Barca financially as well as on the pitch. DON'T MISSDe Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over Man Utd moveBarcelona can claim fourth and fifth Chelsea transfer winsXavi's latest cunning tactic may force De Jong closer to Man Utd move And back in November, he declared his intention to return to the club at some point: “As a player?” he asked. “I always said that at some point I will return to Barcelona because it is my home and because I am going to live there. And obviously if I can contribute and help the club I would love to come back.” It would appear that Xavi's vision for Messi's second coming is also shared by president Joan Laporta, who claimed that Messi's chapter at Barcelona “isn’t over”. "Messi was everything," Laporta told ESPN. "To Barca, he's been possibly its greatest player, the most efficient. To me he's only comparable to Johan Cruyff. “But it had to happen one day. We had to make a decision as a consequence of what we inherited. The institution is in charge of players, coaches. "I would hope that the Messi chapter isn't over. I think it's our responsibility to try to ... find a moment to fix that chapter, which is still open and hasn't closed, so it turns out like it should have, and that it has a more beautiful ending."