Sunak was giving a speech encouraging members of the public to join his campaign when eagle-eyed viewers noticed the simple spelling mistake behind him. Just under a barcode on a banner behind him, read: “Scan me to join the campiajgn”. The misspelt word should have read “campaign” but the simple error led hundreds to mock him on Twitter.  Sharing the mistake, TheBuzzerUK wrote: “NEW: Rishi is Ready.. for spellcheck”. Mocking him, one user wrote: “He needs to tell his staff to go easy on the champiaigne”. Another said: “Didn't he just say his biggest weakness was attention to detail”.One person wrote: “It should say, ‘Scam me.’” It comes as Rishi Sunak continues his campaign to be the next Prime Minister of the UK following Boris Johnson’s resignation last week. Suella Braverman was the latest candidate to be knocked out of the race yesterday, disappointing some Express.co.uk readers who were hoping the former Chancellor would instead be eliminated.  In a poll that ran from 9am to 3pm on Thursday, July 14, Express.co.uk asked: “Who do you want to go out in today's round of voting?” In total, 5,094 votes were cast, and the winner of the second ballot, former Chancellor Mr Sunak, received the most votes against him, with 35 percent (1,761 people) wanting him to leave the contest. Mr Tugendhat received 20 percent (1,030 people) of the vote from readers and was just five votes clear of being eliminated from the contest. Six MPs took part in the second ballot of the Tory leadership contest with Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat progressing to the third round of voting on Monday, July 18.  READ MORE: Brexit Britain's economy shoots UP as Eurozone struggles Attorney General Ms Braverman promoted herself as the only “authentic” Brexiteer candidate but received the fewest number of votes from Tory MPs. Boris Johnson has reportedly begged defeated Tory candidates to back anyone but Rishi Sunak. Sunak’s resignation just two days before the PM announced he was stepping down is believed to have been a trigger in forcing Boris to quit. While the soon-to-be ex Prime Minister has said he will not publicly endorse any candidate he is understood to have made his aversion to Mr Sunak clear to others in the race.  DON'T MISS:Man kicks seagull for knocking ice cream out of child's hand [COMMENT]One person dead in paddleboard tragedy as emergency services swarm sea [INSIGHT]'Let's claim back our streets' Gang of teenagers terrorise estate [PICTURES] A source told The Times: “The whole No 10 team hates Rishi. It’s personal. It’s vitriolic. “They don’t blame Saj [Sajid Javid] for bringing him down. They blame Rishi. They think he was planning this for months.” Another source admitted there had been concerns that Mr Sunak would go “soft” on Putin and sanctions against Russia, something the PM views as part of his legacy. A friend of Boris said: “Of course he’s disappointed, of course he’s frustrated. He’s been pushing Rishi for a compelling growth strategy for many months without success. 