House prices have smashed records for the sixth consecutive month this year according to Rightmove’s recent property index report. With average asking prices resting at a staggering £369,968, many are left wondering how long price hikes are due to continue and while Britain anticipates a new PM, economic uncertainty persists. Express.co.uk spoke to an expert for his forecast on the housing market over the second half of the year. The Tory leadership race is in full swing with two remaining contenders, Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, vying to take the position of Prime Minister. The contest is due to draw to a close on September 5, after which Boris Johnson will be handing over the keys to Downing Street to the new Tory MP-elected leader. The UK economy is already in a fairly sorry state, with inflation taking yet another leap to 9.4 percent as the cost of living continues to rise. But with the sudden political upheaval stirring further economic uncertainty, will this have a knock-on effect on the spiralling housing market?  READ MORE: How to get a mortgage approved: 5 tips to ‘boost’ chances - expert  Anthony Codling, CEO of property platform Twindig said: “If history repeats itself, the house price growth may plateau whilst a new Prime Minister is found. “Many will forecast house price falls, but we expect house prices to neither move significantly up nor down while the current political storm calms down and the dust settles.” Assessing the previous major political events, including the past two general elections as well as the Brexit referendum, many believed each would make for a “white-knuckled ride”. However, Twindig’s research showed just the opposite, with average house prices remaining steady on level ground during periods of uncertainty, before taking an upward incline when doubt subsides.  Mr Codling said: “It seems that in the face of uncertainty if you don't know whether to turn left or to turn right, the best thing is to do nothing. “It seems that house prices need a reason to move either up or down and without that reason, they take the path of least resistance and stay still.” He continued: “At the risk of bruising politicians' egos, the housing market data suggests that the level of housing market activity takes very little notice of what is going on in the Westminster bubble.” Rightmove research suggests the past two months have seen a marginal dip in demand, which also could indicate a slight price increase stagnation. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property science said: “Although the market remains hot, it’s moving from a boil to a simmer as we head into the second half of the year.”  DON'T MISS: Home improvements which won’t add value to your property - ‘avoid’ [ANALYSIS]Common mistakes homeowners make which could affect house value [INSIGHT]How to save for a house as a solo buyer - 9 tips from an expert [EXPLAINED]  However, while house prices are largely predicted to plateau, they still remain exceptionally high and as the Help to Buy scheme is due to close in three months, many might be wondering “what comes next?” Ben Woolman, director at Woolbro Group, said: “Resilient property prices are not, indicative of a healthy property market. “Hopeful first-time buyers will again be hardest hit as they are faced with rising rent prices, inflation and energy costs – all while trying to save for a deposit on their first home. “More worryingly, the Government has yet to confirm any replacement to the Help to Buy scheme.  “Whoever emerges as Britain’s new Prime Minister come September 5 must, as a matter of urgency, spell out a clear roadmap for how they plan to address the country’s crippling housing crisis.” However, while a narrowed focus on the crisis would be welcomed by many, the likeliness of it raising up the agenda is questionable. Mr Codling told Express.co.uk: “House prices are at record highs and whilst the majority of voters are homeowners, the Government is unlikely, in my view, to take action to deflate house prices. “The overwhelming majority of conservative party members choosing their next leader and our Prime Minister are no doubt homeowners, wary of new developments springing up in their back yards. “Time will tell if the levelling up agenda remains on the table but until the political dust settles in September, expect Conservative Party leader hopefuls to pander to Generation Own rather than Generation Rent, and for housebuilding targets to take exit stage left and take a back seat.” 