Since Daniel Craig stepped down from playing James Bond after No Time To Die, many actors have been looked at to play 007 going forward. One of the best and brightest candidates up to play 007 next is none other than the Bridgerton heartthrob Regé-Jean Page. This week, however, had fans a little worried for the star's future as Bond. According to reports, Page was announced as the star of an upcoming Marvel Cinematic Universe spin-off. Secret Invasion, the Disney Plus series, was given new details over the weekend at San Diego Comic-Con (SDCC). Included in its line-up were Cobie Smulders, Samuel L Jackson, Ben Mendelsohn, Kingsley Ben-Adir, Emilia Clarke and Olivia Colman. But the original report claimed Page would also be a part of the franchise - potentially knocking him out of availability to play Bond in the near future. However, an uproar followed when it was revealed the star's name was included as a mistake. TVLine later reported: "A Disney spokesperson phoned TVLine late Saturday evening to state that Page, who currently can be seen in Netflix’s The Gray Man movie, is not part of Secret Invasion, and was accidentally included with the official cast list." It is as of yet unknown whether Page is secretly involved in Secret Invasion and will show up at some point in the series, or if he was genuinely included in the Hollywood star line-up erroneously. The British-Zimbabwean actor has been at the top of the ongoing Bond odds for the past few months. He has overtaken the likes of Henry Cavill and Tom Hardy in the ever-changing ranking of potential 007 stars. READ MORE: James Bond Goldfinger star only joined Connery film on one condition Recently, Page has been near the top of the leaderboard once again. Page currently has an incredible 4/1 from Ladbrokes on becoming the next James Bond on the big screen. However, he still has a long way to go to beat the frontrunner Idris Elba, who has a strong 7/2. Alex Apati said of the Luther star: "Idris Elba is establishing himself as a firm frontrunner in the Bond betting, with punters believing 007 chiefs could well turn to the Luther star." However, in recent months, Page has confessed he doesn't hold much hope in actually becoming the international spy going forward. The 34-year-old recently chuckled: "Ah, the B-word. I think that if you are British and you do anything of note, that other people take notice of, then people will start talking about that." DON'T MISS...James Bond Goldfinger star only joined Connery film on one condition [INFO]James Bond bosses tried to hire New Zealand star over Timothy Dalton [NEWS]Goldfinger star Shirley Eaton dazzles in racy throwback snaps [PHOTOS] Page added: "I think that's fairly normal and I'm flattered to be in the category of Brits that people have noticed. Nothing more – or less – than that." While Page has been vague about his role in any future Bond movies, he most recently took on a secret agent role in the Netflix movie The Grey Man. In it he worked alongside Ryan Gosling and Captain America star Chris Evans to showcase just how menacing he can be. But the real excitement in Page's career is on its way to the big screen in March 2023. Page is starring in the first Hollywood blockbuster adaptation of the Dungeons & Dragons series. Page plays the noble paladin Xenk in Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves. After that, it seems as if his film slate is a little empty. So his future as James Bond is still possible, despite his protestations. SOURCE / SOURCE