Antiques Road Trip's Charles Hanson has been starring in the hit daytime series for 12 years, fascinating viewers with his intimate knowledge of the antique world. He shows no signs of slowing down either as he continues to regularly compete in the challenges. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Charles Hanson's life away from the camera.   Charles Hanson first worked as a chartered surveyor before discovering his passion for antiques. The 44-year-old now regularly stars on Antiques Road Trip as well as its sister show Bargain Hunt. He has worked for various antique houses across the UK, including in Staffordshire and Cheshire. But 17 years ago, Charles took the risk and opened up his own antiques business. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon   Charles is the proud founder of Hansons Auctioneers and Valuers which is located in Etwall, Derbyshire. Since then, the Antiques Road Trip star has expanded the company with a total of four auction centres that offer free antiques, collectables and jewellery valuations and auctions all year round. In 2018, Hansons London launched at the Normansfield Theatre, Teddington, and the following year, it was a Staffordshire County House Saleroom opened at Georgian mansion Bishton Hall. Then two years ago, Hanson Holloway's Ross in Banbury, Oxfordshire, opened its doors.    According to Hansons Auctioneers and Valuers' website: "Whether you want to make some extra money from your objects, embrace the story around a cherished family heirloom or get lucky with unknown treasures, our experts can guide you every step of the way." The Derbyshire branch was the first valuers to open as that is where Charles is based. He lives there with his wife Rebecca Ludham and their two young children Matilda and Frederick. Charles and Rebecca have been married for 12 years and neither of them has looked back since. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kevin Webster's long-lost son identified [THEORY]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [RELEASE DATE]Antiques Road Trip's Paul Martin on importance of family heirlooms [CAST]   The happy couple reportedly met while they were on a night out with friends. He expressed to Derbyshire Live how he felt "lucky" to be with someone like his wife. Charles said: "I'm used to dealing with beautiful things but Rebecca is the most beautiful treasure of all and I'm very lucky she is my wife." Antiques Road Trip will be returning for another episode with Charles next week.   The synopsis for the next episode of Antiques Road Trip reads: "Seasoned antiquer and auctioneer Charles Hanson accompanies Ochuko Ojiri on his Road Trip debut. "A dealer, gallery owner and vintage enthusiast from London, Ochuko loves 20th-century art, but what will he be able to acquire with a modest starting sum of £200? "This treasure-hunting tour kicks off in Yorkshire, with our experts behind the wheel of a 1970s open-topped Triumph Spitfire. "Their joint aim is to buy antiques that will make a profit when sold at auction - no mean feat! "Charles finds an item that promises to bring joy to the home, while Ochuko plumps for a sleepy Japanese poodle." Antiques Road Trip airs weekdays at 4.30pm on BBC One. 