Chelsea expect to finalise a deal to sign Raheem Sterling from Manchester City this week, according to reports. Chelsea are claimed to be very close to securing the England international's arrival. Sterling has just one year remaining on his City contract. He was not always a regular starter in the Premier League under Pep Guardiola last season and is set for a new adventure. Chelsea are in the market for goalscorers following Romelu Lukaku's loan return to Inter Milan. Sterling has proven at City he can be a serious threat in that regard from out wide. And CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs says the 27-year-old is edging closer to being a Chelsea player. He claims Sterling is the priority for the Blues despite suggestions they could be interested in Manchester United's wantaway superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. Jacobs claims a full agreement with City is close and Sterling could be a Chelsea player this week. His departure will end a seven-year stay at the Etihad. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo to Chelsea, Man Utd medical, Arsenal submit new bid  Sterling has won four Premier League titles, four League Cups and an FA Cup during his time in Manchester. But now he is set to return to his home city of London. A fee for the forward is set to be in the region of £45million. Sterling is not the only winger Chelsea are in the market for this summer. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel also wants to sign Leeds star Raphinha. A fee of around £60m was agreed with Leeds last week, though Barcelona are thought to be the Brazilian's preferred destination. Former Chelsea left-back Scott Minto believes Sterling would be the better signing of the two. He said on talkSPORT: "I would definitely go for Raheem Sterling. I think he would be a superb readymade signing. DON'T MISSTottenham 'ask about signing second Barcelona player' during Clement Lenglet negotiationsMaurizio Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'Man Utd have already signed one Ronaldo replacement but now they need a second  "I'd go for him over Raphinha. I'm not quite sure where they are in levels there but it looks like Raphinha is the one Chelsea are chasing right now, but I'd go for Sterling. "Because you know what you're getting, he does what it says on the tin. I think he's just a little bit below world class. "World class for me, if you had a world XI, would he get in there? I think he's just probably a little bit below that but he shows world class touches, games, moments. "And in terms of the Premier League, you can't prove anymore than he's already done. So I would go all out for him even if you overpay."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here