Conor Benn has revealed that his fight with Chris Eubank Jr will hopefully be announced in the next couple of days as the final details of the contract are being ironed out. A deal to book a fight between the sons of former rivals and British boxing legends Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr is nearing completion and the boxing world cannot contain its excitement.  Speaking to talkSPORT, Benn revealed that an announcement will be made in the next 24-48 hours, saying: "We'll hopefully have the announcement in 24/48 hours. I'm waiting for it to be finalised, that's all." Last week, it was reported that negotiations were in full swing but that an announcement had been delayed due to a disagreement about a proposed rehydration clause. The pair have reportedly agreed to a 156lb catchweight bout to take place on October 8 at the O2 Arena, London. The agreed limit will be completely foreign to both men with Benn having never fought above welterweight (147lb) and Eubank Jr competing no lower than middleweight (160lb) during the course of his career. As Benn is giving up a sizeable weight advantage his team is reportedly keen to insert a rehydration clause for Eubank Jr, with a limit currently being agreed for a secret second weigh-in on the morning of the fight (Saturday).  For a time, it seemed as though the fight was simply a rumour and nothing more, with Benn and his promoter Eddie Hearn repeatedly denying that they were in talks with Eubank Jr's team. “No, not that I’m aware of,” Benn told iFL TV when asked whether he was fighting Eubank Jr next. “I swear I saw something that said they were adamant I was fighting Mikey Garcia, where did they pull that one from? It’s nice though because they keep my name in their mouths.” Before Hearn added: “There are no negotiations, we are not close to a Eubank fight. Of course, listen, that fight is always massive, I’m talking to Kalle [Sauerland] this week but our focus is on other fights other than Eubank. I’m not saying we wouldn’t take that fight but that’s not close and it’s not on the horizon.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua ‘wasting time’ with Fury bout as Tyson warning resurfaces Joshua doubts raised by Calzaghe as Garcia decision questioned Joshua vs Usyk full undercard: including three rumoured fights But Benn is now suggesting in line with recent reports that the fight will take place in the near future. When the bout is officially announced, it is expected to be broadcasted on DAZN PPV with estimates suggesting that the winner will pocket the majority of the total purse, which could be as high as £7m depending on ticket sales and pay-per-view buys. Benn is currently undefeated during the course of his professional boxing career with a strong 21-0 record. In his last fight, he knocked out durable South African veteran Chris van Heerden. Eubank Jr, meanwhile, holds a 34-2 record, with his two losses coming against top-level operators George Groves and Billy Joe Saunders. His last outing was an impressive 12-round demolition job of Liam Williams. 