Arsenal hammered Sevilla 6-0 at the Emirates on Saturday to continue a promising run of pre-season form in front of their own fans. A hat-trick from Gabriel Jesus, a brace for Bukayo Saka and a late goal from Eddie Nketiah will have delighted those in attendance, with the new boy and two fan favourites all chipping in for a solid afternoon's work. With the competitive campaign edging closer, Express Sport takes you through five things we learned from the Gunners' latest pre-season test... Putting a behind-closed-doors defeat against Brentford at London Colney to one side, Arsenal fans have had plenty of positive signs to stew over in recent weeks. Nurnberg, Everton, Orlando City and Chelsea were all cast aside before Sevilla arrived in north London, and the Spanish outfit bore the brunt of the Gunners' momentum. A free-flowing first-half display saw the home side race into a 4-0 lead inside 19 minutes. Sevilla were partly at fault due to several unsuccessful attempts to play out from the back, but Mikel Arteta's men coasted to victory and fans will surely be eager to see how they stack up when the competitive action begins. JUST IN: Timo Werner 'accepts 50 per cent pay cut' to end Chelsea woes as Thomas Tuchel blind-sided  Marquee summer signing Gabriel Jesus gave those in attendance a real treat by netting his first goals at the Emirates in an Arsenal shirt. The Brazilian started the move for his first, feeding Granit Xhaka before breaking his neck to get into the box where he met the cross for a tap-in. His next came about a minute later when he latched onto Gabriel Martinelli's whipped ball in after a quick free-kick, and he reacted quickest to net his third with a real poacher's effort from a corner. The treble means that Jesus has racked up seven goals in five pre-season matches, sparking genuine optimism among Gunners fans that he can do serious damage this campaign. The former Manchester City star will certainly go into it brimming with confidence, which was evidenced by dancing feet, electric movement and ambitious passes against Sevilla. DON'T MISS...Arsenal snubbed by Paqueta as star 'prefers' two Premier League rivalsNewcastle 'tracking Brazilian wonderkid' with £50m release clauseLiverpool and Newcastle scouting wonderkid but Chelsea may get chance  Midfield maestro Martin Odegaard took to the pitch on Saturday for the first time since being named as the new Arsenal captain. While experienced campaigners like Xhaka were still vocal throughout, the Norwegian was able to lead by example and put on an accomplished display. Odegaard chipped a delightful ball over the top to the onrushing Saka, who was shoved over to earn a penalty that led to the opener, and he constantly made things happen with passes between the lines. The 23-year-old skipper will lead the young Gunners into the new season with 18 months of experience under Arteta in the bank, and early signs show that he will have no problem handling the added responsibility. The Ukrainian was hard for Sevilla pin down due to a tendency to pop up in multiple positions throughout the match. Sometimes an orthodox left-back, others a left wing-back and occasionally drifting into central areas, Zinchenko should have no trouble adjusting to Arteta's complex demands both in and out of possession. The former Manchester City star is comfortable on the ball, as you'd expect, and had his fair share of attacking joy on Saturday. He could have signed off with an assist if Odegaard had swept home in the second half after picking out the midfielder with a low cross. While Arteta's side came racing ferociously out of the blocks, they put cruise control on after the 20-minute mark. One would find it hard to blame them given the extent of their lead, but the boss is undoubtedly trying to drill a ruthless mentality into his players. There is less than a week remaining until the Gunners' Premier League season gets underway with a tough trip to Crystal Palace. Arteta will be desperate to make a statement start after beginning last term with three defeats on the bounce.