Jack P Shepherd stars as David Platt, Coronation Street's previous teenage terror who has grown up to become the local barbers on the cobbles. While he may have calmed down in recent years, he is never too far away from the ITV soap's gripping storylines, with his family always in the middle of some drama. So it's no surprise that fans are eager to find out more about the actor behind David Platt. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. As Coronation Street fans already know, David Platt was born on Christmas Day, 1990. From his first appearance, young David was played by actor Thomas Ormson until he left in March, 2000. One month later, Jack P Shepherd showed up for the first time as 10-year-old David and hasn't looked back since. So this means that David in Coronation Street will be turning 32 at the end of this year. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon Corrie's David Platt actor Jack P Shepherd is a little older than his ITV character. Shepherd was born on January 14, 1988 which makes the actor 34 years old. While he may have become one of Corrie's best-known stars, Shepherd wasn't initially meant to stay in the soap for very long. In fact, Shepherd previously said that he was contracted for just three months when he was a child.  Talking to Manchester Evening News, Shepherd said: "I thought 'Oh that's nice. It's a nice gig for three months and then I'll try and go and get other things. "But they kept on wanting to keep me around like a bad smell." Shepherd won the 2008 British Soap Award for Villian of the Year and 10 years later, he was presented with the best actor prize. He also won the Best Soap Actor at the TV Choice Awards last year. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kevin Webster's long-lost son identified [THEORY]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [RELEASE DATE]Coronation Street’s Spider Nugent addresses future on ITV soap [CAST]  But it wasn't always in Shepherd's plan to become an actor as he shared with his fans on Instagram, along with a cute picture of him dressed up as Bugsy Malone as a child. He explained: "11 year old me as Bugsy Malone... "A year before in 1998 I was failing at school. "My mum was tearing her hair out, school books were empty. I would write the date and the title and that was p*****g it. "Teachers didn’t know what to do. I wasn’t naughty or disruptive in class, I just did s** all! Nothing. "Then, it was the 6 weeks holidays. The dreaded 6 weeks she said 'You’re not sitting on that PlayStation for 6 weeks! "You’re going with your sister to a youth club. Ya can sing, dance and act so put these little jazz shoes on and get in’t back of car …NOW!'" (sic)   In response to his trip down memory lane, one fan simply wrote: "And a star was born". Another said they "love this story" while another commented on how "proud" he must be making his family. They said: "You were destined for stardom and I am sure that your parents are so proud of you. I know I would be." Coronation Street airs four nights a week at 8pm on ITV. 