Alastair Campbell, a journalist and former spokesman to ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair, became furious at political commentator Douglas Murray this evening. Murray accused Campbell of throwing around "pseudo-medical terms" about leaders while they debated the current position of Boris Johnson, alongside Piers Morgan. It came as 41 MPs announced their resignations since Tuesday evening in response to Johnson's refusal to back down as Prime Minister. As the chat became heated, 65-year-old Campbell said "I'll see you later," before ending his call. Following the breaking news that Johnson has sacked Michael Gove, Campbell had commented: "This is what happens when you elect to the highest office in the land, one of the most serious jobs in the world, somebody who is fundamentally not serious. "What's happening in there is that he's surrounded himself with pretty second-rate people who do nothing but try to prop him off. "Some of the ministers have decided they won't put up with it anymore, some don't really have that choice, but deep down he knows the game's up." Douglas argued: "First of all I don't think it's appropriate for Alastair Campbell to be throwing out pseudo-medical terms about political leaders, and frankly -" Campbell interrupted though, snapping: "Listen, I can say what I want!" As the men began to talk over each other, Piers stated: "Listen, the show's called Piers Morgan Uncensored, you can both say what the hell you like!" He shouted: "Let Douglas speak, Alastair," adding: "Guys, guys time out!  "Alastair, let Douglas have his say then we'll swap, you're both uncensored say what you like!" A visibly irritated Campbell replied: "If you're going to bring me on to talk with these right-wing nonentities who are part of the problem in this country anyway, people like Murray and The Spectator, where Johnson was spawned, they are part of the problem - they created this beast! "They created this man who has no morality, no honesty, no openness, and Piers, I've got to tell you, I thought I was coming on to talk to you, because you're quite a serious person, I've got Sherwood on pause downstairs, take Douglas Murray, take him and I'll see you later, all the best." "Thank you, Alastair Campbell," Piers replied, as  Murray grinned and commented: "Lots of love." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan holds pig on live TV as he savages Johnson in rant [LATEST]Bargain Hunt’s Caroline Hawley opens up on alternative career path [INTERVIEW]A Place in the Sun's Craig disappoints buyer with news' Not happy' [VIDEO] Campbell shut down his screen and left Piers to explain: "We've sadly lost Alastair Campbell. "Douglas Murray, given you had the grace to stay with me, would you like to have the final word?" "Sure," he replied. "Alastair Campbell and some of the very bitter remainers have just been one of the reasons why Boris Johnson has been able to stay. "He's always been able to say, 'Look, there are these very powerful figures at the centre of politics who want to drag us back into the EU.' "We've even had it from Tory MPs in Boris' own party so his one thing holding onto power has been, 'I'm Mr Brexit, I know what I'm doing, and outside are these forces wanting to drag us back to the EU.' "But I reiterate my point, we do not need to hear about the concept of truth, decency or integrity in politics from Alastair Campbell. "Well, I would give him a final word of reply, but he, unfortunately, left the building." Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Mondays to Thursdays from 8pm on TalkTV.