Postal workers will strike this month, Unite has announced, as the union negotiates working conditions with Royal Mail. The move will impact services across the country as Royal Mail threatens job and pay cuts, Unite said. People will see deliveries hobbled and leave offices without on-site managers later this month. Unite said 86 percent of its members voted to initiate strike action in July, starting in a couple of weeks. The trade managers' union said 2,400 managers would start with "work to rule" action between July 15 and 19. Work to rule means they will work only on duties specified in their contracts, with no additional services provided.    Strike action will follow a few days later, between Thursday, July 20 and Friday, July 22. Their absence from offices will mean people have to plan for little to no postal service. Alongside unfulfilled deliveries, Unite has said a selection of other services that will go unattended around that time. The union has specified eight ways in which their strike action will impact the public.  They include: Unite is objecting to Royal Mail plans to "cut 700 jobs and slash pay by up to £7,000". The union said it was given no other option than to endorse a "ruinous" course as the business is "awash with cash". Unite claimed Royal Mail reported £311 million in profit and paid out £400 million to shareholders while proposing cuts for workers "so savage they will destroy the service". Sharon Graham, the union's general secretary, said Royal Mail chiefs were driving a 500-year-old "essential" service "close to ruin". She said: “This business is awash with cash but it is putting profits and dividends for the few at the top ahead of its duties as a public service. “There is not a single aspect of these cuts which is about improving customer service. "They are being driven entirely by a culture of greed and profiteering which has seized a 500-year-old essential service, driving it close to ruin. “Our members are determined to force the business to take a different path, and they have the full backing of Unite.” A Royal Mail spokesperson said: “We are disappointed that Unite/CMA has notified us of planned industrial action. There are no grounds for industrial action. The extended consultation on our recent restructure concluded earlier this year, and the restructuring is complete. "We committed to protecting pay for all managers who stay with Royal Mail, and the vast majority have seen an increase in their earnings. "We allowed managers to request voluntary redundancy with a package of up to two years' salary, which was over-subscribed. We also made several concessions during the process, which Unite declined. “We have contingency plans in place to minimise disruption for customers in the event of industrial action, and we will work to keep people, businesses and the country connected.”