Logan Mwangi was cruelly beaten by his mother, stepfather, and stepbrother, punished severely, called names, and killed in his own home before being callously dumped in a river like fly-tipped rubbish by those who were meant to protect him. His body was found in River Ogmore in Bridgend, South Wales, by police on July 31, 2021. Stepdad John Cole had carried lifeless Logan into the water with the assistance of 13-year-old Craig Mulligan, and only called the emergency services several hours later. They, with Logan's mum Angharad Williamson, had murdered the youngster - and were each jailed for life at Cardiff Crown Court last week. But Logan had been referred to social workers in August 2020 after he suffered a broken arm when he "fell downstairs." In March last year, a social worker was assigned to the family. But within three months, he was taken off the child protection register meaning he was no longer considered to be at "significant risk of harm." The murder comes after a series of similar tragedies including the deaths of Arthur Labinjo-Hughes, six, and 16-month-old Star Hobson. Both were killed by their parents' partners, Wales Online reports.    Logan, described as a "lovely little boy – cheerful, chatty, polite, kind and caring", suffered after Cole came into his and Williamson's life. The youngster, who seldom saw his father Benjamin Mwangi, had a close relationship with his grandmother and would frequently have sleepovers at her house. But these stopped not long after Williamson met Cole. Logan's teacher at Tondu Primary School, Catherine Richards, said: "Logan was a loving, kind little boy. He loved school, loved being in the outdoor classroom, and would light up the classroom with his smile… He was very bright, he loved the muddy kitchen and his numbers. He was engrossed in everything, inquisitive and loved learning… He was a polite little boy." Williamson, 31, had moved from Essex to Wales in 2015 after becoming pregnant with Logan in order to live with her mother. During this time Mr Mwangi remained living and working in Essex but was present for Logan's birth in 2016. During Logan's pregnancy, she began suffering seizures After briefly moving back to Essex with Logan and Mr Mwangi Williamson and her son returned to Bridgend and the couple split up. In 2017 she met and married Jordan Hunt but they split up after Hunt was convicted of attacking Williamson.  In 2019, she met and started a relationship with Cole. They met each other at the Railway Inn pub in Bridgend and slept together that night. After that, they started a relationship which Williamson described as "perfect". She said: "I desperately wanted a little fairytale family." Williamson's mother described her daughter as a "melodramatic person" and overemotional but she said they were best friends. Logan's teacher Ms Richards said Williamson was "over-emotional and over-familiar" and would be angry at staff on a number of occasions. She was also described as a "needy person" who liked being centre of attention. And John Cole, 40, born in Rugby, Warwickshire, was later revealed he was a former member of the National Front and former friends and colleagues described him as "very racist". John went under the nickname "Jay" at times. One friend said: "John was very racist to Asian or black people or any people who are different.” His interests were playing late-night gaming sessions on his Xbox and going to the gym. Despite questioning Williamson on her relationship with Ben Mwangi his partner Williamson accused Cole of having an affair with another man. He has a number of previous convictions on his record dating back some two decades. He was convicted of common assault in September 2002. In April 2003, he was convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm followed by a battery conviction in October 2004. In March 2005, he was convicted of resisting or obstructing a constable. In April 2006, there was a conviction for possession of cannabis. In September 2007 he was convicted of intimidation of a witness, battery, blackmail, and perverting the course of justice. He was also convicted of burglary, theft, handling stolen goods, going equipped for theft, taking a conveyance, possession of a bladed article, criminal damage, possession of cannabis, and resisting a police officer. Cole was in a relationship with co-defendant Mulligan's mother for more than a decade and brought up her son, Craig Mulligan, as his own. They lived in the Midlands before moving to Wales in 2017 for a "fresh start".    Craig Mulligan, 14, was born in Coventry, West Midlands. He was the stepson of John Cole. He was placed into care at the beginning of 2021 after his biological mother assaulted him and was sectioned under the Mental Health Act. His father, who remained absent throughout his life, died in a car crash in 2012. He was said to be "besotted" with his stepfather and would do anything for him. A dog tag later discovered by the police featured a picture of Mulligan. It said: "To dad, Happy Father's Day. Love Craig." The tag did not feature Logan at all. The teenager was described as a "complex, troubled, and violent boy" who had achieved a greenbelt in Muay Thai, which includes forceful kicking and punching. He could also be manipulative and was described as using a "baby voice" if he was in trouble. A teacher described Mulligan as attacking a fellow pupil without provocation. He said Mulligan was “jumping” on another boy and pulling him to the ground by putting his arm around his throat. When asked why he had done it the youth said he had been “dared” by another boy. He was also described by a neighbour as pulling a little girl's feet from under her, causing her to injure her face. On another occasion, he was caught repeatedly punching another pupil in the midriff. When asked to stop he said: "No, he’s an a**hole." A woman who fostered Mulligan described him as "having a desire for violence" and said on one occasion he grabbed the family dog by its back legs and sprayed deodorant in its eyes. The foster mum said the youth talked about the horror film series The Purge and said he told her that when the new film came out he was going to kill her, her husband, her daughter and their dog – a comment which "horrified" her. The foster mum said she told the teenager’s social worker about what the boy had said but "she just brushed it off as if it was nothing". She said on one occasion Mulligan persuaded her to buy him a metal baseball bat. She said she thought it was because he wanted to play the game but he instead went straight to a local park and began smashing it up. On the day Mulligan was due to leave the family’s care to live with Cole and Williamson he "turned into a monster" and she had to leave the house. The woman's daughter described Mulligan tried to get her young nieces to play "a murder game" and told them he would put them in black bags. She also described him slashing a paddling pool with a knife. In the week running up to Logan's death, Mulligan made repeated threats that he wanted to kill his stepbrother and wanted him dead. He told his foster sister: "I want to kill the five-year-old" referring to Logan. Mulligan's social worker Debbie Williams said the youth would swear at her and tell to "f*** off" but described it as "more of a banter thing" – though she acknowledged that he did sometimes "go too far". Ms Williams said on one occasion the youth also called her a "c***".   Many accounts were given of both Cole and Williamson mistreating Logan, whether it was by subjecting him to draconian punishments or failing to report injuries. There were many red flags during the run-up to his death. Speaking about Cole Logan's grandmother Clare Williamson said: "We first clashed heads when Angharad was in hospital and I was looking after Logan. I would take him to the hospital and Jay didn’t want me to take him in to disturb Angharad. I felt he was a two-year-old child and needed his mother." There was also evidence that Cole was racist towards Logan and gave him the name "Coco Pop" because of his skin colour. Prosecutor Caroline Rees QC, speaking during the trial, said Cole “didn’t like Logan” and “treated Logan unkindly and viewed him differently” due to his "longstanding racist beliefs".  Williamson's friend Rhiannon Hales said the couple were "strict parents" and described an incident when Cole told her he didn't like Logan. She said: "Jay said he would always love Angharad even if he didn't love Logan." Jodie Simmonds met Cole and Williamson in 2019 and witnessed Logan being punished by the couple. She said: "Jay was sat in the doorway, Logan was in a push-up position… [His arms] looked tired and they were shaking. I remember them shaking. He was upset, crying, and had a runny nose… I was told he had been naughty and needed to learn..... "Logan collapsed, he lost the weight on his arms. Jay told him to get back in position and his time would start again… [Logan] followed the instructions… He was three, four years old…I went into the kitchen with Jay and discussed with him how old Logan was and if it was appropriate to be dealing with Logan that way… I was agitated, angry, frustrated at what I had listened to… “He didn’t listen, shrugged it off, wasn’t concerned at all… I was upset… I got Angharad and told her… She was in the back garden smoking..... [She said] that he needs to learn because his behaviour had been so poor… That Logan needed to learn his lesson.”  Ms Simmonds also witnessed an incident when Logan was refused takeaway food due to his behaviour. She said: "Logan was being brushed off and being told he wasn’t allowed to eat the KFC with us because of his behaviour... "[Cole] said he hadn’t been good enough to deserve fast food… He was sat in between the sofa chair and the doorway on the floor..... [The KFC] was eaten but Logan didn’t have any. I gave him some of my popcorn chicken when Cole left the room. [Logan] was given Weetabix. [Cole] said how tasty the food was, almost rubbing it in… I shook my head at Angharad to do something.” During this period Ms Simmonds said she noticed a change in Logan's personality and appearance. She said: "He was withdrawn, lost visible weight at the time, his complexion was quite pale. His demeanour was very down, quiet..... "He was becoming more withdrawn because he was being punished all the time… He was being sent to his room, being told off all the time, being denied cakes and confectionery." The witness said she was present when an argument between Cole and Williamson which saw the latter receiving red marks around her neck and chest. Williamson claimed Cole had strangled her but he said he had pushed her away after shouting in his face. In August 2020, Logan was taken to hospital by Williamson having suffered what she believed to be a dislocated arm but when treated it was discovered to be a fractured humerus. Williamson told officers she had tried to "pop" the arm back into its socket and had sent Logan to bed with Calpol the night before but when he woke up in the morning his arm "didn't look right". In a statement to police Williamson said: "I decided I could pop Logan’s arm back in place. I took a firm hold of Logan’s arm, pulled it straight, and twisted it back. I put it back in place and heard a click. Logan was in pain when it clicked back in place but it felt better and he stopped crying." She added: "At the time I thought I was doing the right thing by putting his arm back in place but I now realise it was a mistake. I feel guilty about it and I’m sorry I didn’t take him to hospital yesterday. I just made a bad call.” Williamson later called the police in January 2021 and claimed Mulligan had confessed to her he had pushed Logan down the stairs in Maesglas and said Cole was the person who tried to put Logan's arm back in but she "lied" to protect him. Logan's social worker Gaynor Rush said Logan had suffered what was described as a burn on his neck from a bath tap but Cole later claimed Williamson had deliberately burnt Logan's neck with a hot teaspoon because he was "being annoying".    Logan was placed on the child protection register in March 2021 due to concerns about Cole. Social workers were expected to visit the family every 10 days and were able to offer additional help. Ms Rush, who was assigned the task until she left her post just weeks before he was murdered, said that during her unscheduled visits to Lower Llansantffraid the property appeared clean and Logan was well-presented and clean and had plenty of toys. Ms Rush said Williamson appeared to "adore" Logan and "only wanted the best" for him. She said she initially found Cole intimidating but her relationship with him and Williamson improved over time. However Ms Rush expressed frustration with Debbie Williams, who was Mulligan's social worker, claiming she had refused to share information or work with her closely. Months later, in June 2021, they were placed instead on a Child In Need plan, which is for children who are not deemed at risk but have complex needs and need provisions to help with their development. During this period Cole applied for custody of Mulligan with the support of Williamson and went through the family courts in order to become his stepson's legal guardian. He later claimed he was not told about issues Mulligan had suffered with his foster families and was not told about threats made by Mulligan to kill Logan. Cole was awarded custody by the courts and Mulligan was sent to live with the family on a permanent basis.  Speaking after the sentencing, senior investigating officer detective inspector Lianne Rees, of the South Wales Police major crime investigations team, said: "Today’s sentences are a reflection of the appalling crimes committed back in July last year. It is incomprehensible that Logan had his life cut short in such tragic circumstances at the hands of those very people who should have been there to protect him. "For Logan’s father, Ben, who stands beside me, today’s sentences are welcome news. However no amount of justice can bring Logan back or compensate for the grief that continues to be felt. Ben, and his family, have demonstrated incredible strength throughout the investigation and legal process. What they have been through is hard to comprehend but they have endured everything with tremendous courage and dignity at this most difficult time. "The impact Logan’s death has had, and continues to have on all those who loved and knew him within the local community, is immeasurable. Knowing that justice has been done for Logan, I hope they can now begin to rebuild their lives and celebrate the joy that he gave them during the precious time they had with him. "Once again I would like to pay tribute to the professionalism displayed by police officers and emergency service colleagues who were faced with the most traumatic scenes imaginable back in July of last year. I would also like thank my team of detectives and staff who have worked tirelessly on this investigation, together with the Crown Prosecution Service and prosecution counsel. The efforts of all involved have contributed to today’s outcome.” 