Margot Robbie, 32, was paid a whopping USD$12.5million to star in the highly-anticipated film, Variety reported on Wednesday. The Wolf Of Wall Street actress ranked very highly on the publication's recent list of top Hollywood earners. Coincidentally, Margot shares the 16th spot on the list with Ryan Gosling, who also stars in the Barbie movie as her love interest, Ken. Margot also pocketed a whopping USD$10million for the 2020 hit film Birds Of Prey. After Margot, the next female actor to appear on the list is Millie Bobby Brown. Millie was paid USD$10million for her starring role in Enola Holmes 2. Speaking about what to expect from the highly-anticipated Barbie movie, Margot told MailOnline: "We like the things that feel a little left of centre. “Something like Barbie where the IP, the name itself, people immediately have an idea of, 'Oh, Margot is playing Barbie, I know what that is’. “But our goal is to be like, 'Whatever you're thinking, we're going to give you something totally different - the thing you didn't know you wanted.'" The Suicide Squad star added: "Now, can we truly honour the IP and the fan base and also surprise people? "Because if we can do all that and provoke a thoughtful conversation, then we're really firing on all cylinders." Margot began her acting career as a soap actress in Australia. She was cast in Neighbours at the age of 18 and portrayed Donna Freedman on the Australian programme. During her time in Neighbours, Margot was nominated for Most Popular New Female Talent at the Australian Logie Awards. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [INSIGHT]Sienna Miller, 40, cuddles up to beau Oli Green, 25, on holiday [PICS]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton strips down to white bikini [INSTAGRAM] Throughout her stellar recent career, Margot has starred alongside major actors and worked with huge directors. In recent years she starred in the Brad Pitt movie Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, playing the tragic Sharon Tate. The film was directed by Quentin Tarantino and released in August 2019. She was also nominated for Favourite Hottie at the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards. After three years on Neighbours, Margot ventured into Hollywood to broaden her horizons. It was there that she landed her first role in a major film, About Time, a Richard Curtis project However, her breakout role was in The Wolf of Wall Street, opposite legendary actor Leonardo DiCaprio.