Met Office forecaster Greg Dewhurst said it could possibly be "the hottest day of the year so far" on Monday. As the blisteringly hot heatwave gets underway, Britons are being urged to take precautions to protect themselves. One tip may come as a surprise to many. An ice cold drink is a natural go-to as temperatures rage but this solution is misguided. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, Doctor Amir said to plumb for a hot drink instead. That's because drinking a hot beverage will "force your blood vessels to dilate and blood circulation to the surface of the skin", the TV doc said. "This will help to release heat from the blood as it evaporates out." Also, as you drink hot drinks you sweat more and as that sweat evaporates you cool off, notes Doctor Amir. "So instead of of an ice tea, pop the kettle on and have a cup of normal tea instead," advised the TV doc. This is not the only hack Doctor Amir had up his sleeve to stay cool. He also suggested getting an ice pack and ice cubes and putting them in front of a fan. This will blow "cool air" in in your face, effectively giving you a "homemade AC unit", said Doctor Amir. There are other simple hacks that can help to regulate your body temperature while indoors. According to the NHS, closing curtains on rooms that face the sun can help keep indoor spaces cooler. Remember it may be cooler outdoors than indoors, the health body adds. Other tips include: The Met Office said highs of 33C are expected in some areas on Monday afternoon, with central, southern and eastern England all experiencing the rising temperatures during the heatwave. It could mark the hottest day of the year so far, with the UK's record high for this year currently standing at 32.7C. It was recorded at Heathrow on June 17. The warm weather is expected continue through the week in the high 20s for most until the weekend, when the mercury may rise again to 31C in places such as London, Reading and Oxford. This means parts of the country will be hotter than some of the world's top beach destinations, including the Maldives and Marbella in Spain. A Level Three Heat Health Alert has been issued by the Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) from 9am on Monday to 9am on Friday in the east and south-east of England, with the rest of the nation having a level 2 alert in place. The four-level system highlights the potential health impacts of these high temperatures. Met Office forecaster Greg Dewhurst told the PA news agency that England and Wales will experience sunshine on Monday, while Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to have a cloudy day with warm temperatures.