PIP is a benefit provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and is given to people to help with extra living costs. When people claim PIP, the DWP makes the decision about how much PIP a person receives and for how long. It’s not possible to say exactly what someone will receive before they apply because the DWP bases the amount a person gets on how their condition affects them.  The length of how long the PIP claim lasts depends on an assessment by the DWP and how likely it is that daily living and mobility needs may change over time. PIP is made up of two parts which are called “components” and consist of the “daily living” component and the “mobility component”. The daily living component is for extra help with everyday tasks such as preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for the extra help people may need for getting around and includes things such as moving, planning a journey or following a route. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    The department will also assess how difficult a person finds daily living and mobility tasks and for each task, they’ll look at whether a  person can do it safely, how long it takes, how often a person’s condition affects the activity, and whether a person needs help to do it, from a person or using extra equipment Each component can be paid at either a standard or enhanced rate. The standard weekly rate currently sits at £61.85 for the daily living component and at £24.45 for the mobility. The enhanced weekly rate sits at £92.40 for daily living and £64.50 for mobility. People may be able to claim one or both of these, at either rate, depending on their circumstances.  PIP is paid every four weeks however if a person has a terminal illness then it is paid every week. The DWP will give a PIP claimant a “no end date” if they believe the condition will never get better or if a person has reached the state pension age of 66 years. This is called an “indefinite award” and if a person has an indefinite award then the DWP will usually review it every 10 years. If a person doesn’t get an indefinite award, they’ll get PIP for a fixed amount of time. If a person is awarded PIP for a fixed time of more than two years, the DWP will usually review the rate before it ends. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack    They’ll then renew it if the DWP decides that a person is still entitled to it. If a person is terminally ill then the award will be for three years. The DWP won’t usually review the rate and will let it end if either a person is awarded for two years or less or if a person challenged the DWP’s decision and the tribunal awarded the PIP to the claimant or increased the rate. The Government department will usually review the PIP award about a year before it’s due to end but they can choose to review it at any time.  The DWP will write to a person and ask them to fill in a PIP review form, which is like a shorter version of the PIP claim form. Britons have been told that they need to report any changes that could affect their PIP claim straight away and not wait for a review or the end of the reward. If people don’t report a change then they could get an overpayment which they will have to pay back, or they could possibly be taken to court. They could also possibly miss out on extra money if their condition got worse. In order to report a change, people can contact the PIP enquiry line on 0800 121 4433 and this line is open to callers from 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday.