Controversial golf star Henrik Stenson has broken his silence after losing the Team Europe captaincy for next year's Ryder Cup after his decision to join LIV Golf.  The Swede opted to join the controversial series and as a result, he will no longer have the honour of leading the team at the prestigious team tournament. He has been criticised by many for his decision and it has cost him one of the biggest honours in the sport. This evening the 46-year-old posted a letter on Twitter outlining why he made such a controversial choice. “After much consideration I have decided to join several of my fellow professionals and play in the LIV invitational series starting at Bedminster in a week or so’s time,” he began. “My interest in this concept has been well documented over the past few years and and despite some of the ongoing tension between LIV golf, the DP world tour and PGA Tours, ultimately, the opportunity to play in LIV events moving forward is something I want to experience.” JUST IN: Henrik Stenson officially axed as Europe Ryder Cup captain in fightback against LIV   The 46-year-old was stripped of Team Europe's Ryder Cup captaincy for the 2023 event in Italy and has revealed he had assurances from LIV Golf that he could continue in the role. "Unfortunately my decision to play in LIV events has triggered Ryder Cup Europe to communicate that it is not possible for me to continue in my role as Ryder Cup captain,” he continued. "This is despite me making specific arrangements with LIV golf, who have been supportive of my role as captain, to ensure I could fulfil the obligations of the captaincy. While I disagree with this decision, for now it is a decision that I accept. I want to thank everyone I have worked with to prepare for Rome in 2023, I am hugely disappointed to not be allowed to continue in my role but wish you all the best in your ongoing preparations. "I sincerely hope a resolution between the tours and its members can be reached soon and that the Ryder Cup can act as a mechanism for repair amongst various golfing bodies and their members. It goes without saying that I remain on hand to support Ryder Cup Europe in any way I can and very much hope the opportunity to represent Team Europe in some capacity will come my way again at some point in the future." Stenson could make his LIV debut as early as the Bedminster event from July 29-31, alongside the likes of Paul Casey, Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau. In a statement, Ryder Cup Europe said: "Today confirms that Henrik Stenson's tenure as Captain of Team Europe for the 2023 Ryder Cup at Marco Simone Golf and Country Club in Rome, Italy from September 25 - October 1, 2023, has been brought to an end with immediate effect. "In light of decisions made by Henrik in relation to his personal circumstances, it has become clear that he will not be able to fulfil certain contractual obligations to Ryder Cup Europe that he had committed to prior to his announcement as Captain on Tuesday March 15, 2022, and it is therefore not possible for him to continue in the role of Captain. "Confirmation of the new 2023 European Ryder Cup Captain will be made in due course. Ryder Cup Europe will be making no further comment on any aspect of the process until that time." 