Gary Neville has cheekily claimed that Mohamed Salah has 'played' Liverpool after the Egyptian's bumper new contract was confirmed on Friday. The Reds talisman has finally put an end to speculation over his future by penning a deal that will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2025. With both Liverpool and Salah seemingly at an impasse after months of negotiations, speculation had been rife that the 30-year-old was set to follow Sadio Mane out the door when his deal was up next summer. However, terms have now been agreed and Salah will pocket in excess of £350,000-a-week after his huge salary demands were finally met - leaving Reds fans ecstatic. But Neville quickly attempted to rain on Liverpool's parade with a cheeky tweet on Saturday morning claiming that Salah has got one over on the club. He tweeted: "Salah has played them hasn't he," complete with a winking emoji. Previous reports had claimed that Salah was asking for a whopping £500,000-a-week to commit his long-term future to the club, but a compromise has now been agreed to ensure the former AS Roma man will continue to spearhead Jurgen Klopp's new-look attack. READ MORE: Chelsea 'monitoring' Frenkie de Jong as doubt cast over Man Utd agreement Salah's new salary means that the attacker will become the highest paid player in Liverpool history - and that the Reds have smashed their current wage structure to retain their star man. Since arriving at the club in the summer of 2017, Salah has evolved into one of Europe's most deadly finishers. The forward - who had a failed stint at Chelsea earlier in his career - has netted an incredible 156 goals in 254 games and been an integral part of Liverpool's recent success. And Kop hero Jamie Carragher believes that the exceptional impact that Salah has made on Merseyside since his arrival means that option to break the club's pay structure to keep him at Anfield was a no-brainer. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Speaking to Sky Sports, Carragher said: "Salah has been as good as anybody in the Premier League or anyone in European football, certainly in his position, and he'll feel he deserves to be paid as well as those. And we know the types of numbers other players get at other clubs. "Liverpool have never really gone to that level in terms of numbers, certainly under FSG - and I think that a lot of Liverpool fans respect that model because it has brought a lot of success to the club so they almost accept how they go about things not just with player contracts but also with signing players. "I don't think there would have been much criticism if Salah had left. But I think now and again when you have someone as special as Salah the rule that you have to have in place you have to certainly bend them, maybe not necessarily break them but you have to maybe go closer to a position that maybe you don't want to."