Tim Henman believes that Nick Kyrgios has “let himself down” after his antics at the Wimbledon final. The controversial Australian asked for a fan to be kicked out of the arena and let his temper flare with several X-rated rants during the third set against Novak Djokovic.    “Kyrgios has let himself down,” Henman claimed during the BBC’s Wimbledon final coverage. “That dialogue is going to come back and haunt him. Surely it is about accepting responsibility. It’s about Kyrgios going out and executing his game plan to the best of his own ability. He’s got in his own way and handed over the initiative to Djokovic.” The BBC were forced to apologise for Kyrgios' swearing during the third set, which he lost as Djokovic gained the ascendency in the match. The 27-year-old was not happy with one fan, who he claimed had "about 700 drinks" and needed to be removed from the arena. “It shouldn’t be coming down to your opinion," Kyrgios told the umpire. "It’s distracting me when I am serving in a Wimbledon final. “There’s no other bigger occasion, you didn’t believe me and she did it again and it nearly cost me the game. Why is she still here?! She is drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of the game. What is acceptable? Keep her out. I know exactly which one it is, it’s the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios’ girlfriend praises his 'resilience' amid Wimbledon final Tensions were high for Kyrgios' first-ever Grand Slam final, however the firecracker was calm and composed as he won the first set 6-4. The wheels began to come off for the man who has already been fined twice this tournament as Djokovic then went on to win the next two 6-3 and 6-4. During a break in play, fellow Australian and commentator Todd Woodbridge highlighted the clear difference between the two players on the day. "We see the difference between the two professionals one is staying hydrated," Woodbridge said on commentary with Henman. "Getting his heart rate down. And then we have Nick doing whatever." DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic's Wimbledon final snubbed by MedvedevNick Kyrgios' players box urged to turn 'nasty' against Novak Djokovic'Appalling tactic' Kyrgios criticised minutes into Wimbledon final  "When you have watched as many Kyrgios matches from the commentary booth as I have - when he is playing his best he is full of adrenalin, but he's come off that now and somehow he has to get that level up without any of the anxiety that goes with it." The match did enter a brief pause that made Kyrgios look up into the crowd, when a protestor was thrown out of the arena. “Some sort of incident taking place away from us we can’t see, but the players can and everybody is craning their necks up there," Andrew Castle said, commentating on the match for the BBC. "Some sort of protest perhaps. I am sure will be dealt with."