John McEnroe has admitted that he is unable to consider himself on the same level as Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as one of the greatest male players of all time. The American, who won seven Grand Slam titles over the course of a long and distinguished career, was highly regarded for his incredible skill on the court as well as his controversial mid-match outbursts that often landed him in trouble with umpires and tennis authorities. A trailer previewing his upcoming documentary film with Showtime, McEnroe, showed the 63-year-old describing himself as one of the 'greatest players who ever lived' when he was at the peak of his powers. He appears to have conceded defeat in the battle to be crowned the outright best in history, though, by admitting that Federer, Nadal and Djokovic have since overtaken him at the top of the all-time pecking order."Safe to say I'm not the best player ever now, watching Djokovic, Nadal and Federer play the last 15 years," McEnroe told Carol Vorderman during Monday's edition of Lorraine."Hopefully I'm somewhere in the top 10! I know I've been dropping over the decades but I added some flavour and played at a high level for a while and people remember that. JUST IN: John McEnroe sends message to Nick Kyrgios after Wimbledon meltdown "But they also remember the other stuff which is OK. If it wasn't for that I may not be talking to you right now."It remains to be seen who will eventually come forward as the single greatest male player in history, with Nadal and Djokovic still performing at the very highest level as things stand. The former reached a total of 22 career Grand Slam titles by winning this year's Australian Open before triumphing at Roland Garros and is currently ahead of his 'Big Three' rivals in the all-time leaderboards.Djokovic managed to chip away at the gap to Nadal by beating Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon final on Sunday, though, and is considered by many to be a better all-round player than the Spaniard. McEnroe previously suggested that he considers Djokovic to be the greatest of all time based on his superior head-to-head record against both Nadal and Federer. "To me Rafa is the greatest clay court player, I think Novak is the greatest hard court, and I would call Roger overall the greatest grass court player," McEnroe told Eurosport earlier this year."But then Novak has beaten him three times at Wimbledon, I believe. Novak also has a winning record against those two."He is slightly ahead of those two, but in a weird way I hope they all end up on the same number so we can have this discussion for the next 10 years and it will just be a matter of opinion and no one would be wrong." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE