The forecasters had previously said extreme heat was expected on Sunday and Monday, with temperatures expected to build to over 35C (95F) in southeast England. It has now widened its warning into Tuesday, saying: "Population-wide adverse health effects are likely to be experienced, not limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat, leading to potential serious illness or danger to life." According to the national weather service, "substantial changes in working practices and daily routines" are likely to be needed, while "delays on roads and road closures" as well as "delays and cancellations to rail and air travel" are possible. In the face of expected transport disruption as a result of the heatwave, Network Rail said it had introduced temporary speed restrictions at the hottest times on parts of the network, including in Essex, to keep trains running and mitigate the effects of rails expanding in the heat, which can cause buckling. READ MORE: Schools forced to CLOSE after running out of water for more than 24hrs in 'dangerous' heat Local authorities, including Hampshire and Lincolnshire county councils, are planning to dust sand over melting roads to soak up excess bitumen. Met Office forecasters have said some models predicted maximum temperatures in excess of 40C in parts of the country over the weekend and beyond, but these were "low probability". Temperatures in the mid or high-30s are "looking more likely", they said. The warmest temperature on record in the UK was 38.7C at Cambridge Botanic Garden in July 2019. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In its update on Wednesday, the Met Office said it expected an "increased risk of water safety incidents" as "more people are likely to visit coastal areas, lakes and rivers" while the hot weather lasts. Downing Street said on Tuesday that planning had been taking place within the NHS. The Prime Minister's spokesperson said: "We continue to monitor the results of the heatwave. "There is significant work going on across Government in making sure those who are most vulnerable to high temperatures are looked after." DON'T MISSM6 traffic chaos: HGV bursts into flames [REPORT]Tory race: What is each candidate’s Brexit stance? [INSIGHT]Brits warned of garden fires as 40C heat hits [ALERT] The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) issued level three heat health alerts for the east and southeast of England on Monday, with the rest of the nation having a level two alert in place. Dr Agostinho Sousa, the head of extreme events and health protection at UKHSA, said: "If you have vulnerable family, friends and neighbours, make sure they are aware of how they can keep themselves protected from the warm weather." Level three is triggered when the Met Office confirms threshold temperatures for one or more regions have been reached for one day and the following night, and the forecast for the next day has a greater than 90 percent confidence level that the day threshold temperature will be met. It involves issuing media alerts about keeping cool, supporting organisations to reduce unnecessary travel, reviewing the safety of public events and mobilising community and voluntary support. The UKHSA recommends drinking plenty of fluids and avoiding excess alcohol, avoiding physical exertion during the hottest part of the day, and taking special care to check in on the vulnerable and the elderly who find the heat particularly challenging.