Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media and on television several years ago after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her followers share their own advice in dedicated cleaning forums, including how to get rid of damp washing machine smells. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips page, Lauren Green wrote: “Can someone help me please? My washing machine smells damp. “I’ve cleaned the filter, the rubber seal and the drawer but it still smells damp, any ideas?” If clothes aren’t smelling fresh when they come out of the washing machine, it is probably due to a build-up of detergent, dirt or limescale. The biggest symptom of this is when laundry smells damp or musty, even when dry. Unpleasant smells can also come from inside the machine. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to unblock drains Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans shared a variety of different ways to get rid of the smell, including a completely free tip. Donna Marie wrote: “Leave the door ajar when you’ve washed anything in it.” Joanne Edwards said: “Always leave the door open to let the moisture out, your machine will smell lovely.” Leaving the door open will cause the water to evaporate faster. DON'T MISS:Flowers: ‘Boost the nutrients’ of roses using banana peel trick [COMMENT]How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home [INSIGHT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [EXPLAINER] This ensures the washing machine stays dry and mould-free. Mould and mildew thrive in warm, damp conditions. Clothes are also less likely to smell musty if the washing machine is dried in-between uses. Harriet Lee said: “Agree, leave the door open, also use soda crystals.” READ MORE: How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting Leaving the door open may not work alone, and Mrs Hinch fans also recommended other methods to try. Sue Compton wrote: “Soda crystals in the drum, brilliant for lots of jobs and so cheap.” Lily Hampton commented: “Soda crystals into the drum and make sure it is on a super hot wash, it will sparkle.” Soda crystals have great softening properties, making them great to use in the washing machine. White vinegar can also be placed in the detergent drawer to give the machine a good wash through. It helps to deodorise as well as target stains and grease. Other group members recommended using a dedicated washing machine cleaner. Gloria Thienel commented: “Dr Beckmann is great or Dettol washing machine cleaner. “Don’t use a dishwasher tablet, it’s too harsh. Brands including Calgon and Dylon also sell affordable washing machine cleaners.