Jake Paul has stated that he is head and heels above any other YouTube boxer and that KSI vs Alex Wassabi is “not on the same level” as his upcoming fight. Paul is set to face Hasim Rahman Jr on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York City live on Showtime PPV. In his sixth professional outing, ‘The Problem Child’ puts his undefeated 5-0 record on the line against the son of former world heavyweight champion, Hasim Rahman. Rahman Jr is the replacement opponent for Tommy Fury, who has been scheduled to face Paul on two occasions to no avail. Ahead of their December showdown, ‘TNT’ pulled out of the contest due to a rib injury and bacterial infection sustained in camp. Then, two weeks ago Tyson Fury’s brother was denied entry to the United States leading to their fight being cancelled again. Paul had debated facing former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva before picking Rahman Jr but chose the son of a legend in order to silence his critics by fighting a “real boxer.” His new foe holds a 12-1 professional record and had a limited run in amateur boxing. During a media scrum after his press conference with Rahman Jr, one reporter asked Paul whether he had separated himself from the other YouTube boxers and what his opinion was on KSI vs Alex Wassabi, to which he responded: “Yeah, it’s not even close. It’s just two different worlds. What they are doing is cool and I respect it and I’m rooting for Alex Wassabi but it’s just not the same level of s*** that I’m doing as far as competition-wise.” YouTubers KSI and Wassabi square off on August 27 at the O2 Arena, London. KSI is making his return to the ring for the first time since defeating Logan Paul - Jake's brother - during their rematch in November 2019. This will be the Brit’s second professional outing after the aforementioned contest. MORE BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul issues brutal Conor McGregor call-out with 'cheating' slur Fury slammed for dodging fights and killing boxing by Paul Hearn ridiculed by De La Hoya for bold claim involving Joshua The self-proclaimed king of YouTube boxing competed in two white-collar fights before this: the original contest against Logan – which ended in a draw – and a TKO victory over Joe Weller in his first-ever fight. His opponent, Wassabi, is making his professional boxing debut next month but did defeat KSI’s brother Deji Olatunji in an exhibition bout via a split decision in March. 