Chelsea could have avoided significant financial losses had they taken Gary Neville’s advice on Romelu Lukaku. The Sky Sports pundit did not think the Belgian striker could adapt to the high-pressing nature of the modern English game. Lukaku joined Chelsea in a £97.5 million deal from Inter Milan last summer but struggled in the English capital scoring just eight times in 26 Premier League games. He has since returned to Italy in a cut-price loan deal until the end of next season with the Blues desperate to get him off the wage bill. Now, Neville’s previous comments about the striker have re-emerged with the former Manchester United captain warning the Stamford Bridge side that the Belgian striker was not suitable for the English game. Speaking on the Sky Sports overlap podcast Neville argued that managers like Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp would not have tried to sign the 29-year-old given his weaknesses in the press. DON'T MISS: Mo Salah sparks scenes of joy as his close friends are seen celebrating huge new Liverpool contract “Jurgen Klopp wouldn’t sign Lukaku in a million years. Neither would probably Pep Guardiola but Chelsea are the club that have had that type of striker,” the47-year-old said. “A Diego Costa, a Didier Drogba, a single point striker, that physical presence that wants to carry that line. They’ve had that in their armoury for 20 years. It suits Chelsea Football Club. He wouldn’t press from the front so he’d never suit Jurgen Klopp.” He even believed that the 102-time capped international would not have worked at his former club United for the same reason. “He would never suit Old Trafford. The fans up there need a personality up front. Edinson Cavani suits Old Trafford. I know he’s probably past his best years but he works a lot harder than Lukaku off the ball.” READ MORE Tottenham doctors 'preparing another medical' as Antonio Conte has staff on overtimeMan Utd owners the Glazers could be about to give Erik ten Hag three new leadersMan Utd face further transfer snub as Bayern Munich 'make first bid' for Red Devils target Lukaku described his return to Italy as something of a homecoming with the Belgian feeling at ease in Milan. "It's like coming home,” the striker explained. “I think my family and I had a really good time in Milan thanks to the people, the fans and my team-mates. From the first day when I arrived here everyone helped me a lot, I'm really happy. "I didn't even leave my home when I went to England, which shows how happy I am to be back here. Now I just want to see the guys on the pitch." Lukaku could yet return to Stamford Bridge as there was no obligation to buy inserted into the loan move. Chelsea would have to sanction a cheap deal for the player should they wish to part with him permanently, at huge financial cost to the club, something that could have been avoided had they took Neville’s advice in the first place.