Jane Fonda, 84, appeared on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on Monday night looking stunning in an off-the-shoulder black jumpsuit. The ensemble was complete with a large silk bow going across the iconic actress’ waist and she added height with a pair of black boots. Jane showcased her age-defying beauty with her hair perfectly styled and wore smokey eye makeup with a nude lip.A vision of elegance, Jane sat down with host Jimmy Fallon to talk about her career and climate change activism.Things took a comedic turn, however, when the pair played ‘Egg Roulette’ which saw each of them take turns to try and pick the hardboiled egg among a dozen raw ones.To decipher which eggs had been cooked, they had to smash the eggs on top of their head. READ MORE:Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan Hilariously, Jane smashed a raw egg on her head and ended up covered in it. She burst into laughter and received a raucous applause from the audience.  As the egg dripped down her head, the Grace and Frankie star licked it off her fingers and then licked it off the table.At the incredible scenes, Jimmy exclaimed in disgust: “Oh, no!” Before adding: “You are officially the coolest.”Later in the game, Jane smashed another raw egg on her head and Jimmy asked her to break one on him “for fun”. The hysterical segment went down a treat with fans and dozens shared their amusement online. Christina commented: “This was absolutely amazing.”Lyndi praised: “How many others would be ALL IN to slap an egg on their head without hesitation?? Fabulous Jane gives us 100 percent! All class and style with a bit of egg licking entertainment!” While Nicole announced: “Jane Fonda is a national treasure.”And Danny said: “Jane, still a looker, still a classic.” DON'T MISSNeighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character[INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat'[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary[NEWS] Earlier in the show, Jane spoke to Jimmy about her work to bring awareness to climate change and her new Jane Fonda Climate PAC. She told Jimmy: “You have to do the rallies... but what I have learned is that it’s not enough.“The fossil fuel industry has a stranglehold on our government, they give money to Democrats and Republicans.  “We have got to get rid of those types and replace them with climate champions who will work for the people, that’s what the Jane Fonda PAC does.” On the organisation’s website, Jane penned that she believes it is the “most important thing she will do in her lifetime”.She wrote: “I’ve spent my life fighting for what I believe in. When I was 32, President Nixon had me arrested.