Gaming fans can download a handful of new games in time for the weekend. This includes the surprisingly addictive Lawn Mowing Simulator, as well as WWE 2K22, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Generation Zero. All of the games can be downloaded now, although only Lawn Mowing Simulator is available to download and keep forever. WWE 2K22, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Generation Zero are free for a limited time - kind of like an old-school rental. First up let's talk about Lawn Mowing Simulator, which is the latest giveway on the Epic Games Store. Available to download from now until 3.59pm on August 4, Lawn Mowing Simulator is yours to download and keep, provided you have an Epic Store account. "Experience the beauty and detail of mowing the Great British countryside in Lawn Mowing Simulator, the only simulator that allows you to ride an authentic and expansive roster of real-world licensed lawn mowers from prestigious manufacturers; Toro, SCAG and STIGA as you manage your mowing business," reads the official description. "Execute ground checks, set your blade height, and measure your engine load as you complete a variety of contracts across Career Mode, Free Mode or Challenge Mode. "Take your mowing further with several attachments from stripe rollers, mulching kits, grass collectors, recyclers, flail decks and more." The game is set in a British countryside town, filled with fields, cottage greens and even castle grounds for players to mow. Over on the Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S consoles, Gold subscribers can download and play WWE 2K22, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Generation Zero. It's all part of Microsoft's Free Play Days promotion, which lets Gold subs download and play the games for a limited time. UK fans can play the games for free until Monday morning at 7.59am BST, so there's no time to delay. If you want to keep the games beyond the trial period, WWE 2K22, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Generation Zero are all on sale. WWE 2K22 is reduced to £38.99, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker is down to just £4.99, while Generation Zero costs £8.74. The highlight is arguably WWE 2K22, which is the perfect companion to this weekend's Summerslam event. "Redesigned engine. New controls. All the features you can handle. Get ripped out of the stands and unleash dives, kickouts, and finishers with the biggest and most realistic-looking WWE Superstars and Legends: The Rock, Sasha Banks, Goldberg, “Stone Cold” Steve Austin, Brock Lesnar, and more." Redesigned engine. New controls. All the features you can handle. Get ripped out of the stands and unleash dives, kickouts, and finishers with the biggest and most realistic-looking WWE Superstars and Legends: The Rock, Sasha Banks, Goldberg, “Stone Cold” Steve Austin, Brock Lesnar, and more. WWE 2K22 – IT HITS DIFFERENT! 