Former European Central Bank President Mario Draghi had tendered his resignation after the 5-Star Movement, a party in his ruling coalition, boycotted a confidence vote in the government. Italy's President has now asked him to address parliament to get a clear picture of the political situation. Mr Draghi, who has only been Prime Minister for less than 18 months, had earlier told his Cabinet "the majority of national unity that has supported this government since its creation is gone".   He had insisted he had tried desperately hard to continue on the "common path" while also trying to "meet the needs that have been advanced to me by the political forces" but following today's confidence vote "this effort was not enough". Mr Draghi had said: "I want to announce that tonight I will resign in the hands of the President of the Republic. "Today's votes in Parliament are a very significant fact from a political point of view. The majority of national unity that has supported this government since its creation is gone. "In these days there has been the utmost commitment on my part to continue on the common path, also trying to meet the needs that have been advanced to me by the political forces.  "As is evident from today's debate and vote in Parliament, this effort was not enough." Mr Draghi had insisted that from the start of his premiership in February 2021, he has insisted he would only proceed "if there was a clear prospect of being able to implement the government program on which the political forces had voted to trust". He concluded: "This compactness was fundamental to face the challenges of these months. These conditions are no longer there."  The Prime Minister's resignation could have triggered national elections in a matter of weeks after other coalition parties demanded a vote if 5-Star no longer backed the Government. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as botched Snake Island assault sees Russia bomb sea  Earlier today, Mr Draghi had survived a confidence vote, which had become a central point for tensions within his own Government as parties prepare to battle it out in a national election next year. But Italy was plunged into political chaos when Five Star Movement - led by Giuseppe Conte - decided to boycott the crunch confidence vote. The move risked undermining efforts to secure billions of euros of crucial funds from the European Union, tackling a brutal drought and reducing the country's reliability on Russian gas following Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine. Five-Star had boycotted a vote on a €26billion package aimed at protecting Italians from the worsening impact of soaring inflation. DON'T MISSMacron facing revolt – 50% of French 'disappointed' by tenure [COMMENTS]EU slammed as major U-turn on policy 'harsher to Northern Ireland' [REACTION]Italy's anti-Brexit eurocrat PM on brink of being booted out [REPORT]  Mr Conte had warned he could no longer back Mr Draghi's cross-party Government, which he accused of not doing enough to help families facing surging food and energy costs. He said during a party meeting on Wednesday: "I have a strong fear that September will be a time when families will face the choice of paying their electricity bill or buying food." Despite the boycott from Five Star, the massive aid package was passed in the Italian Senate by a comfortable majority. Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Italian polling company Techne, said: "The government crisis in Italy was not a surprise to the country. "The majority that supported Draghi administration arose from a forced coalition between very different parties.  "The approaching next Parliamentary elections has increased tensions - with the breaking point coming when the Five Star Movement, a party in a crisis of identity and consensus, started to slip away. She added: "The Italian political system, at this point, begins an electoral path in a moment of political weakness and with the electoral geometries still to be defined in terms of coalitions. "To all this is added a very difficult economic context, with inflation out of control and an energy crisis that threatens to take millions of people over the poverty line and many businesses to go bankrupt." Mr Draghi had previously made the bold move by insisting he would not want to lead a Government without the support of coalition partner Five Star.  The rival party came out on top in the last Italian election in 2018 but has endured a troubled time recently with defections and a loss of voter support.  The implosion of the the cross-party coalition Government continues to raises doubts about Italy's ability to pass its budget later this year and import crucial reforms to help accelerate the country's long-term economic growth. EU economy commissioner Paolo Gentiloni had said Brussels was watching the political crisis unfolding in Italy with "worried amazement".  Former ECB President Mr Draghi was credited with saving the under-pressure euro currency during the 2010 eurozone crisis. Last year, he was asked by President Sergio Mattarella to become Italy's Prime Minister to drive forward a country still suffering badly from the impacts of the Covid pandemic. During his time as Prime Minister, Mr Draghi has been credited with helping to breathe new life into the creaking economy and also overseeing a successful Covid vaccine programme. 