Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton and her husband James Matthews have reportedly welcomed their third child, a baby girl, making them a happy family of five. Royal fans had wondered for some time when Pippa would welcome her bundle of joy as she was pictured with a growing baby bump at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. In light of their happy news, Express.co.uk has taken a look back at Pippa and James' relationship over the years. Pippa Middleton burst onto the UK social scene as the sister of Prince William's then-girlfriend, Kate Middleton, in the 2000s. But it was in 2011 that the public's interest in the future Queen's sister exploded following her appearance as the maid of honour at Kate and William's 2011 royal wedding. Rumours began to swirl in 2012 that Pippa was dating James Matthews, a hedge fund manager and former professional racing driver. In the years to follow, the pair were said to be just friends and James joined the Middleton family on holiday in St Barts during this time. Pippa and James also took part in several sporting events to raise money for charities, including the Otillo Swim Run Championship to raise money for the Michael Matthews Foundation. James' elder brother Michael Matthews died while climbing Mount Everest in 1999. PEOPLE reported in early 2016 that Pippa and James had become an item once again, and wedding bells would soon chime for the happy couple. READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges  Pippa and James got engaged during a trip to the Lake District in July 2016, and Pippa was later pictured wearing a stunning Asscher-cut diamond engagement ring. A Kensington Palace spokesman said Kate and William were "absolutely delighted" with the news. Pippa's parents Michael and Carole Middleton added: "They make a wonderful couple and we wish them every happiness together."  The couple tied the knot at St Mark's Church in Englefield on May 20, 2017, and Pippa wore a stunning embroidered wedding gown with a high neckline from Giles Deacon. Pippa's proud father Michael Middleton walked her down the aisle, and several members of the Royal Family attended including Prince William, Prince Harry and Princess Eugenie. Pippa's sister Kate was entrusted with overseeing the page boys and flower girls, which included her son Prince George and her daughter Princess Charlotte.  Pippa displayed her growing baby bump in a moss-green dress while attending the wedding of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank in October 2018. Later that month, James and Pippa welcomed their first child Arthur Michael William Matthews at the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, the same place her sister Kate had welcomed her three children. DON'T MISS:‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans [ANALYSIS]Pippa Middleton welcomes baby girl, a new Cambridge cousin [REPORT]'Family are thrilled!' Kate's joy as sister Pippa is heavily pregnant [INSIGHT]   A spokesperson told HELLO! at the time: "James and Pippa have had a baby boy. He was born Monday, October 15 at 1.58pm, weighing 8lb and 9oz. "Everyone is delighted and mother and baby are doing well." Pippa and James then welcomed their second child, a daughter called Grace Elizabeth Jane, in March 2021. News of the couple's third child being born surfaced in July 2022, and PEOPLE reported: "The younger sister of Kate Middleton welcomed her third child - a baby girl - a couple of weeks ago". 