Phenylketonuria (PKU) leaves sufferers unable to eat protein without risking brain damage - so that's no dairy, fish, meat, pasta, eggs, bread and even some vegetables. Yet wonder drug sapropterin can allow them a normal diet. When this newspaper started fighting for the UK's 2,300 patients they had been waiting for more than a decade for the medicine - but an 18-month campaign helped them get it on the NHS by last Christmas. Yet only around 30 to 40 percent of sufferers respond to the drug, leaving hundreds still awaiting further innovative treatments - with the Daily Express vowing to keep fighting for them too. But this week some on sapropterin, and members of the National Society for Phenylketonuria (NSPKU) travelled to Parliament to meet us and supportive MPs to explain how their lives have been transformed after just months on the drug. Campaigning Lily Wood, 21, of West Drayton, Middlesex, repeatedly contacted Prime Minister Boris Johnson to get his help in securing her, and others, the vital pills. She said: "Taking sapropterin in January has changed my life in ways I never could have imagined before. "I feel like a happier, livelier, more positive version of who I was before and I don't feel hungry anymore. "I have tried so many foods and can socialise in a way I never could. I'm so grateful for all the help from the Daily Express and NSPKU in getting this drug for us." Her relieved mum Hayley, 46, added: "Lily's response to sapropterin has been more than we could ever dream of. To witness her enjoying seafood at family meals has brought us unimaginable joy. Thank you to all who helped her."  Politicians were shown a moving letter from Nick Williams, from Cumbria, whose 16-year-old son Jack has benefitted hugely. He explained: "If the doctrine that every person should have the right to be the best they can possibly be is true, then this has only been true because Jack now has sapropterin. It has been transformational." And seven year-old Stanley Brown, of Halesowen, West Mids, who pleaded in the Express for the drug, told MPs: "It's made a big difference. I have tried foods like chocolate fudge, sausage and chips and pizza!" Lead campaigner Caroline Graham, 56, accompanied her two children with PKU - Callum, 28, and Holly, 25. She told us: "Within hours of taking the drug both were transformed. "You could tell it was having an effect. I'm so pleased for them but determined we keep fighting for those unable to take the drug as it doesn't work for them." Musician Holly said: "I'm a trained classical singer recently graduated from university and my anxiety and confidence have always been affected by high amino acid blood lev- els. My PKU has made it difficult for me at times. But since being on sapropterin I have completely changed as a performer and person - as though I was living under a cloud that's finally lifted." Brother Callum, an architect, added: "When I started sapropterin I knew it was working within 48 hours. I realised for the first time in my life what "normal' felt like. "I felt brighter, less stressed, more energetic, focused, much happier. I didn't feel fatigue in the middle of the working day. "I now realise I have lived with brain fog my entire life.  Delighted campaigner Kate Learoyd, 47, mum to PKU son Alex, welcomed the chance to say thank you and paid tribute to MPs and the Express. She said: "It feels great to be able to say thank you in person. When the Daily Express got involved that gave us all a massive push forward. Many people's lives have changed for the better but we are also remembering about 70 percent of PKU patients don't respond to the drug. The NSPKU wants to make sure nobody is left behind." After meeting with the transformed PKU patients and their families, championing House of Lords life peer Lord Ian Austin told us: "I have to confess, I had never heard of PKU when a constituent wrote to me when I was MP for Dudley, let alone be able to pronounce Phenylketonuria. "But she told me about the challenges of living with the condition. It was heartbreaking to hear it impacts every area of children's lives, affecting education, social lives, in some cases even causing brain damage. "I know how hard Kate, Caroline and their colleagues worked on this campaign. They were an inspiration. Second, I want to thank the Express for their coverage of this issue and support for the campaign. "It is in the finest traditions of campaigning journalism and the editor and his team can be very proud of their role. Third, it shows that politics does work. Constituents contact their MPs who listen and try to change things."  Zain Iqbar is a "completely different child" - all thanks to wonder drug sapropterin, writes Emily Braeger. The five-year-old, left , used to cry at family gatherings because his genetic condition meant he could not tuck into what his cousins ate. PKU meant he was unable to eat dairy, poultry, fish and pasta. But now he can join his friends in eating chicken nuggets and fish and chips. His health has seen a huge boost in the six months since the schoolboy from Dudley, West Mids, started the treatment after last December's landmark NHS deal. Mum Smyera Afsar, 36, told the Daily Express: "Since Zain has been on the drug, his confidence has grown so much and he's happier in himself. "He never liked going to parties because food was such a barrier. At school, he was quite reserved because he was worrying all the time and embarrassed to eat in front of other kids because he was different. "But that's all changed and his concentration is much better too. It's been life-changing for him." The mum of two added that a ?weight has been lifted? from her shoulders and family life is much easier now. She said: ?We can finally all eat the same thing. He always used to get worked up at dinner time because he wanted the same as Mummy and Daddy and he didn't understand why he couldn't have it. "All he wanted was to try chicken nuggets and fish fingers - foods that all of his friends love." MPs from all parties have praised the Daily Express's campaigning journalism and its vow to back PKU sufferers until they can all access life-changing drugs, writes Emily Braeger. At Westminster on Wednesday, we met MPs who have fought campaigners for years and were delighted to hear from have already seen their health boosted by drug sapropterin. Jeremy Hunt, Tory MP for South West Surrey, said: "Inothing but admiration for the team campaigning so tirelessly for these drugs? ? "Well done to all thoseand hats off to the Daily hard and gs? se involved y Express for its Health Crusade, which has highlighted this genetic condition." Liz Twist, Labour MP said: "It is such a happy Express's involve mreally great, com raising awaren to make chang Noting that t to be done, Mi for Dudley Sou Daily Express the differencen make to re chang there is more work Mike Wood, Tory MP South, added: "The campaign shows newspapers can real people. It has changed lives." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea