The Duke of Sussex on Monday delivered a 15-minute long address in New York in which he touched upon an array of issues ranging from the war in Ukraine to the damage of misinformation. Had he "remained a working member of The Firm", Finding Freedom author Omid Scobie said, Harry would not have been able to participate in such an event. The royal writer said: "Two years on — and without a penny from the British taxpayer — Prince Harry has created the life of purpose and meaning he has long dreamed about. "A life he couldn’t have achieved if he remained a working member of The Firm." As the duke, 37, warned the UN General Assembly of a "global assault on democracy and freedom", Meghan, 40, watched her husband with pride. The two stepped down from royal duties in 2020 and moved to California, US – away from the spotlight. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed for wading into US abortion debate Before their decision, which shook the Palace and the British public, the couple visited South Africa with their son Archie on their first official tour as a family. On that 2019 trip, Harry said in his speech, he knew Meghan was his "soulmate". Marking Nelson Mandela International Day, Prince Harry told the audience the world had come to know Mr Mandela through images of a man who "even when confronting unimaginable cruelty and injustice, almost always had a smile on his face". He then spoke of a cherished photo of his mother, the late Princess Diana, taken with Mr Mandela just five months before her death. The duke said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997." Prince Harry said the photo was given to him by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whom he and Meghan met during their South Africa visit. According to Mr Scobie, the prince spoke "with a level of confidence I’m not sure even he could see on the horizon a decade ago". DON'T MISSBeatrice and Eugenie 'healing rifts quietly' with Harry and Meghan [REVEAL]The Crown's timeline extended to 'pave way for' Harry and Meghan [INSIGHT]Harry has 'broken No.1 royal rule' as more bombshells to come [ANALYSIS] Writing on Yahoo News, the royal executive editor said the UN address was a reflection of all the "potential previously unavailable to him as the sixth-in-line". He continued: "The proof is in the pudding. "After co-founding the Archewell foundation with Meghan in 2020, Harry has become involved in a variety of issues that working royals famously steer clear of." Prince Harry on Monday criticised global leaders for their inaction on climate change legislation, saying the world was "on fire" again; subtly condemned the overturning of abortion rights in the US, and mentioned the global damage caused by the coronavirus pandemic. In a sombre tone, he said in his keynote speech: "How many of us feel battered, helpless, in the face of a seemingly endless stream of disasters and devastation? "This has been a painful year in a painful decade." Mr Scobie said: "As numerous others within the bubble of the family claimed at the time, Harry’s ambition to cut himself off from the publicly-funded Sovereign Grant and continue a life of service would be impossible without the risk of accepting money from the 'wrong' places." But his delivery at the UN building this week, the author concluded, "has been the latest step" in a "journey" towards fulfilling his ambitions alongside Meghan.