Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's reluctance to sell Roberto Firmino to Juventus could inadvertently help Chelsea in the transfer market between now and the start of the new Premier League season. Firmino has been tentatively linked with a move elsewhere since the end of the previous campaign after being displaced in Liverpool's starting lineup, with the recent arrival of Darwin Nunez likely to see the Brazilian take up a second-choice berth once again when the Premier League returns next month. Juventus have been credited with an interest in signing Firmino, who has only managed to register 20 goals in all competitions for Liverpool over the last two seasons. Klopp is adamant that he will not be sold this summer, though, and made his feelings on Firmino known when quizzed on the topic of his potential departure earlier this week."Bobby is crucial for us, the heart and soul of this team," the Liverpool boss told reporters. "Everything looks really good and I am absolutely fine with Firmino. For me, no doubt about his quality, so yes, he is essential for us."Klopp's comments suggest that Juventus will be swiftly rebuffed by Liverpool if the Italian giants decide to firm up their reported interest in Firmino over the coming weeks. The closure of one door may well open up another for Juventus, though, with Chelsea forward Timo Werner also believed to be on their list of attacking targets this summer. JUST IN: Arsenal 'turned down Icardi' to seal other deal after PSG star offered Werner is thought to be keen on leaving Stamford Bridge and recently hinted at the possibility of a move elsewhere by insisting that he would be happy to join another club in the not-too-distant future. Chelsea are now said to be trying to find a destination for the German forward, who has never really hit the heights expected of him since joining the Blues from RB Leipzig back in 2020.Juventus are reportedly taking steps to accelerate a move for Werner and have asked Chelsea about taking him on loan until the end of the upcoming season. With a move for Firmino seemingly off the table, it remains to be seen whether the Old Lady will be able to snap up the Chelsea forward with the promise of regular game time ahead of this year's World Cup, at which he is expected to play a role for Germany.Meanwhile, Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel recently admitted that he was struggling to understand Werner's desire to leave before challenging the 26-year-old to earn his first-choice status by putting in the hard yards over the coming months. "I'm surprised, I would be very happy as a young guy having a contract at Chelsea," said Tuchel when quizzed on the uncertainty surrounding Werner's immediate future earlier this month."I would be one of the happiest people on the planet. He needs to get his game time. He has to show quality, take your place and defend your place."I would be one of the happiest people on the planet having a contract with Chelsea. If he said this, I do not understand." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here