The police released an audio clip online, allowing people to hear the woman asking the call operator to get someone to remove the arachnid from her house. West Yorkshire Police have urged people to not ring 999 unless it’s an emergency as they receive "120 calls a day to our 999 line that are not a life or death emergency." In the clip, you can hear a woman speak, saying: "Hiya, you’re probably gonna go mad at me right but I’ve literally tried ringing everyone and you’re my last hope. I need someone to come and get this spider out of my house. It’s absolutely massive and I’m not even joking!" The call operator responds: "Unfortunately the police wouldn’t be able to come and get a spider out of your house." Social media users have also slammed the women and agreed that she "should be billed for wasting time". According to Yorkshire Live, this isn't the first incident like this to happen. In fact, another call to the police made headlines this week after it was revealed that a father called emergency services as he feared that a black and white snake that had appeared inside his home was venomous. When police arrived at the flat in Hodge Hill, Birmingham, they found the reptile hiding under the sofa last month. Reports state that the RSPCA was unable to attend the incident until the morning, so police were left with the task of getting the creature into a cage, armed with a grabber and a pillow case. Photographs shared by Birmingham Live show officers grappling with the snake and safely moving it into a case. A response officer can be heard on body-worn camera joking: "Do I need to record the time of arrest?" A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: "A police officer’s day is never dull – as one of our response teams found when called to help a family who’d found a snake in their home. We took an emergency call on Sunday night from a dad who’d found the 1.5-metre snake slithering across their lounge floor.   "They found the snake underneath a sofa and managed to safely pop it unto the case and take it to a local reptile house. One of our call centre staff – our in-house reptile expert having worked in animal research for the University of British Columbia – had offered advice on the likely type of snake and handling tips. "We’re not sure how the snake got into the flat in Hodge Hill, Birmingham. It’s suspected it may have got in through the pipe system. The snake is absolutely fine and will be looking for a new home." 