WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Virgin River season four. At the end of the third series of the Netflix hit, Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) told Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) she was pregnant. Jack was initially thrilled with the news before Mel revealed it could be her late husband Mark’s (Daniel Gillies) baby. Yes, Jack is the father of Mel’s unborn baby and this was confirmed in episode 12 of season four. The pair got engaged and then spent a few days in a stunning hotel to celebrate the news. While there, Mel received a message saying the results of their paternity test were available. Jack wasn’t initially interested in confirming he was the father but Mel insisted they had to know as Mark’s mother was threatening legal action. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands Opening her laptop to view the results, Mel gasped as the paternity results read: “The alleged father is not excluded as the biological father of the tested child.” “Not excluded?” Jack asked. Mel smiled as she told him: “It means you’re the father.” Baffled Jack asked again: “What?” as Mel confirmed: “It means that you’re the father and we’re having a girl.” “Oh holy cr*p! We’re having a little girl,” Jack smiled. “I’m so happy right now.” No, Jack is not the father of Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) twins despite believing he was for almost two seasons. When Charmaine revealed she was expecting twins, she claimed they were Jack’s and he set about trying to support her. In season four, Jack stepped up when Charmaine’s husband Todd (Patrick Sabongui) was absent and rushed to her aid at the end of the series. DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 5 theory: Brie death sealed after Don return clue [THEORY]Virgin River theory: Jack is NOT the father of Mel’s baby [SPOILER]Virgin River season 5: Will there be another series? [UPDATE] Charmaine had collapsed on the kitchen floor with Jack and Mel rushing to her house to help. As they called for an ambulance, Charmaine made a huge confession. She exclaimed: “I’m gonna lose my babies. This is karma. I’m being punished. “It’s because I lied. The twins. They’re not your babies.” Jack was devastated and stunned by the revelation as the screen cut to black and fans were left on a cliffhanger. Virgin River will continue for another series. When season three came out, Netflix confirmed a double renewal for the show. The cast and crew have already returned to British Columbia to begin shooting the new series. The official Virgin River Instagram account confirmed: “Our cast in a table read for SEASON 5.. "Yes, you heard that right folks. We have now started production on SEASON 5!" Virgin River is available to stream on Netflix now.