While the average IHT bill was £209,000 three years ago, this looks set to increase by 27 percent to just over £266,000 in the 2022/23 tax year, according to Wealth Club. However, families could shave thousands of pounds off their inheritance tax bill by following a few simple steps. Thousands more Britons could be forced to pay inheritance tax this year as experts warn that it’s no longer a tax “just for the super wealthy”. Property prices are continuing to rise despite the cost of living crisis, resulting in many now being worth more than £325,000 - the point at which IHT is charged. If the trend continues, the average UK home could soar above the £325,000 IHT nil-rate band as early as 2023. Rather than being a tax just for the super wealthy, this would mean most people’s estates would be subject to HMRC tax. READ MORE: Pensioner loses £10,000 in scam and warns others about WhatsApp scam However, there are some things people can do to pay less taxes. Married couples and civil partners can double their allowance to £650,000 by passing on their property to each other when one dies. People could also set up a trust to reduce how much IHT someone has to pay. Gifting is also considered to be one of the best ways to reduce IHT as it can help mitigate tax as well as passing wealth on to loved ones before passing away. DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING] When it comes to gifting people can gift up to £3,000 per tax year without incurring IHT. As wedding season approaches it’s also worth bearing in mind that taxpayers can give wedding and civil partnership gifts. This could enable them to give an additional £5,000 without being subject to IHT. They can also carry over an allowance from a previous year if it’s not been used already. READ MORE: Attendance allowance: 56 health conditions qualify for £370 a month Britons are being urged to use all the tax breaks available to them. For example, a parent could gift their child up to £11,000 tax free in one year. This can be done with a £5,000 gift made in consideration of marriage plus this year’s £3,000 annual exemption and last year’s if it hasn’t been used already. These allowances are totally legal and could save people a fortune.  10 ways to make savings on inheritance tax: READ MORE: HSBC UK increases interest rates as bank unveils changes