The Prime Minister admitted to MPs on Wednesday that he had "certainly" met with the controversial figure on a "few occasions" in private. In response, Labour's deputy leader branded him a "threat to national security". Boris was asked to confirm details of his previous encounters with Mr Lebedev, who is said to have close links with the Kremlin, while attending the Commons Liaison Committee today. When asked if he met with the Russian billionaire and former owner of the Evening Standard while foreign secretary in Italy in 2018, Mr Johnson said he had. It comes after the PM appointed Mr Lebedev's son Evgeny as a member of the House of Lords, which was seen as a highly controversial move by some. The peerage was granted by Boris despite warnings from the security services that it posed a national security risk, according to The Sunday Times.  The assessment by the security services into the appointment was allegedly withdrawn when Mr Johnson intervened. The Soviet KGB was the main Cold War rival of Western security services, and President Vladimir Putin was a KGB officer too, while many of his closest aides are also KGB comrades. During the meeting on Wednesday, Labour MP Dame Diana Johnson asked Mr Johnson if he met with Alexander Lebedev without officials on April 28, 2018. The Prime Minister replied: “I certainly have met the gentleman in question who used to be the proprietor of the London Evening Standard when I was mayor of London.  READ MORE: Starmer unleashes scathing attack on Boris 'cheerleaders' “I certainly am not going to deny having met Alexander Lebedev, I certainly have.” Johnson added: “I have certainly met him without officials. “I met him on a very few occasions. “On the occasion, you are mentioning, if that was when I was foreign secretary, then yes.” Angela Rayner, Labour's deputy leader, said in response: "Boris Johnson has finally admitted to meeting his billionaire former KGB friend, without officials, just days after attending a high-level NATO summit.  "As foreign secretary, Johnson’s carelessness with words put people in danger. He must come clean about what he disclosed to Alexander Lebedev. “This is a man now sanctioned by Canada, with close links to the Kremlin, and investments in Crimea. Yet the Prime Minister had accepted thousands of pounds in gifts and made his son a Lord in our Parliament. “Boris Johnson’s care-free attitude to British security runs deep in his bones. This is a pattern of behaviour dating back years - he puts personal friendships above the public interest. “This Prime Minister is a threat to national security and is unfit for his office.” 