The £156 a week payment supports people with a long-term physical and health condition with their daily costs. Claimants are assessed to see what help they need and some claims are reviewed. When a claim is to be reviewed is set out in the letter that the recipient receives when their claim is confirmed. People will continue to get PIP while their claim is being reviewed. When a claim is to be reviewed, the person will receive another letter called ‘Award review - how your disability affects you’. Claimants must fill in the form following the notes that come with it. READ MORE: Prince Charles asks Martin Lewis to help as household bills soar The completed form and any supporting information is then sent back to the DWP. People have one month to return the form. Those who need more time can contact the PIP enquiry line. The DWP will then review the form.  If the department needs more information, an independent health professional may phone the claimant to ask some questions. Recipients may also be sent a letter inviting them to an assessment, which can be in person, over the phone or by video call. After this, the claimant will receive a letter outlining what will happen with their PIP claim. If a person’s needs have changed, the amount may be increased, reduced or stopped. READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas People can challenge a decision about their claim, via a process called mandatory reconsideration. Claimants can lodge a challenge over the phone, by letter or by returning a form. The contact details for this will be included in the decision letter. PIP assessment claims have reached record levels, with some 327,000 Britons waiting five months to receive support. Analysis from Citizens Advice indicated that disabled claimants are waiting for almost £300 million in financial support because of the delays. The charity also said that they receive some 150 PIP claimants every hour contacting them for advice and support. One in five people who claim PIP have needed a food bank referral in the last three months. DWP figures show that at the end of April 2022 there were three million people across the UK claiming support through PIP. Around 35 percent of these, or one in three cases, received the highest level of payment.