Staff absences due to Covid, problems caused by the hot weather and delays in handing over patients at A&E departments has left trusts struggling to cope. Surgeons at Nottingham University Hospitals were reportedly told on Friday "the ship's sinking" as 65 patients waited for emergency surgery. The Met Office issued an updated "amber" extreme heat warning covering July 17 to 18 for much of England and Wales. Exceptionally high temperatures are expected to peak on Monday, with south-eastern parts of the UK seeing thermometers reach in excess of 35C. West Midlands Ambulance Service said it had been on the highest level of alert - REAP 4 - for a few months. South Central Ambulance Service said it was also at REAP 4, equivalent to a black alert and meaning trusts are under "extreme pressure".  The service added it had also declared a critical incident "due to current pressures on our services". It said in a statement: "We continue to prioritise our response to those patients with life-threatening and serious emergencies but, due to the current levels of pressure we are seeing, there will be delays in responding to other patients with less urgent needs who are assessed as requiring an ambulance response." A North West Ambulance Service spokesman said as a result of the warm weather and increased demand, it has decided to step up to REAP 4. According to the Health Service Journal (HSJ), West Midlands Ambulance Service saw more than half of its ambulance crews queued outside hospitals at one point on Monday.  READ MORE ABOUT GRITTERS BEING USED TO STOP ROADS MELTING A spokesman for the trust said one crew had to wait 24 hours to hand a patient over. Sunday Times Health Editor Shaun Lintern tweeted on Tuesday: "All of England's ambulance services now at REAP level 4 - equivalent to 'black alert' - amid heatwave pressures and massive delays outside hospitals. Data I've seen suggests some trusts have only a handful of crews to respond to hundreds of waiting incidents. "'The ship's sinking' was the message to surgeons at [Nottingham University Hospitals] on Friday where a senior clinician told staff they had 65 patients waiting for emergency surgery. If this was from a single incident 'then we would be declaring a major incident' the clinical director said." He added messages he has seen show the trust has already declared a winter pressure level of demand with staff told of widespread closure of elective surgery lists for July.  DON'T MISS: Woman slammed after calling 999 to ask police to remove spider [REVEALED] Two police cars involved in horror smash [REPORT] Chaos as train tracks burst into FLAMES after 'extreme' hot weather [LATEST] Mr Lintern tweeted: "Its [a] real worry to have electives being cancelled now at a time the NHS traditionally tries to get on top of things." Meanwhile, the chief executive of an acute trust in the Midlands region told the HSJ: "We had a very, very challenged night for handovers last night, possibly the worst ever and it is only July." Martin Flaherty, managing director of the Association of Ambulance Chief Executives, said the NHS ambulance sector is under intense pressure. He added all ambulance services are operating at the highest level of four within their local resource escalation action plans, normally only ever reserved for major incidents or short-term periods of unusual demand.  Mr Flaherty said: "Severe delays in ambulance crews being able to hand over their patients at many hospital emergency departments are having a very significant impact on the ambulance sector's ability to respond to patients as quickly as we would like to, because our crews and vehicles are stuck outside those hospitals. "Added to this, we have a number of staff absences due to a rise in Covid cases as well as additional pressure caused by the current hot weather, which is making things even tougher for our staff and of course the patients they are caring for." He urged people not to call 999 back to ask about an estimated arrival time unless the patient's condition has changed. A spokesperson for NHS England said: "Near record levels of 999 calls, challenges discharging patients to social care settings, increasing Covid cases - leading to more than 20,000 staff absences - and the current heatwave is inevitably having an impact on NHS capacity.  "It, however, remains vital that the public continue to dial 999 in an emergency and use 111 online, or their local pharmacy for other health issues and advice." It comes as the Local Government Association, which represents councils in England and Wales, advised people to check up on the vulnerable, including the elderly and those with heart and breathing problems. David Fothergill, Chairman of the LGA’s Community Wellbeing Board, said: "We know that with a period of warm weather on the cards people will understandably want to be out enjoying the sun, but they should remember to take care, particularly of those who may be more vulnerable to effects of heat. "As the climate is warming, it is likely periods of extreme heat may become more common in the UK and so councils will be working with others to ensure communities can be kept safe." 