Contenders with strikingly different convictions about how the country can best weather the post-pandemic economic storm are competing for the votes of this select electorate. Britain is at a crossroads and the decision by MPs about which two candidates to put before the Tory membership in the final stage of the contest will have profound consequences for the nation. MPs are fully aware that the cost-of-living crisis has the potential to hurt and anger voters. The question is whether they will back a candidate who wants to slash the tax burden now or one who priorities putting the national finances on a sound footing. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak, who so far has the highest number of declared supporters, says he will bring down taxes, but this will happen “once we’ve gripped inflation”. In contrast, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has pledged to “start cutting taxes from day one”. There are passionate advocates for tax cuts in the Tory tribe who argue this is the best way to boost hard-pressed households’ income and to ignite growth, which will lead to greater revenues in the long run. Others argue that the Conservatives’ electoral survival hinges on maintaining a reputation for sound economic management. With families facing frightening hikes in energy bills and other unavoidable expenses, imminent decisions will shape the livelihoods and life chances of millions of people. This contest should not be an exercise in selfish political positioning, with MPs trying to back a winner to secure a promotion. They are choosing the man or woman who will chart the path ahead for the UK at a time when there is war in Europe. This is a sober task but Tories should take heart at the breadth and depth of talent in the contest. People from radically different social and ethnic backgrounds are competing for the honour of leading a party and country which celebrates opportunity for all. Boris Johnson said he was giving up the “best job in the world” when he announced he was stepping down as PM, but if given the choice between living behind the barred gates of Downing Street and pulling pints on a beautiful islet, many of us might choose the latter. Electrician Aaron Sanderson has won the coveted title of King of Piel Island and the role of landlord of the Ship Inn pub. Having the run of this gem of a location off the Cumbrian coast looks like a passport to paradise.