In a statement, Tesco has confirmed it will bring back the full range of Heinz products to its stores. The supermarket pointed to short supplies and a price row with Heinz for the lack of products on its shelves. In a joint statement, Tesco and Heinz said: "Tesco and Heinz are pleased to have reached an agreement that will see the full range of Heinz products return to Tesco shelves and online, continuing to offer our customers great value on the nation’s favourite Heinz varieties. “Lorries full of Heinz products including Heinz Tomato Ketchup and Heinz Beanz will hit the road shortly, and Tesco colleagues will be working hard to ensure shelves are filled again over the coming days. “With British summertime finally here, Tesco shoppers will be able to get all the essentials they need for their perfect summer salad or barbecue, including the Heinz varieties they know and love. It’s great to be back together.” In 2021, Miguel Patricio, boss of Kraft Heinz, warned shoppers to expect higher prices in the coming months. Mr Patricio said the firm is "raising prices, where necessary, around the world" of products including ketchup and baked beans. He told the BBC consumers will need to get used to paying more for food due to the world's rising population and a lack of land to grow produce. However Mr Patricio also said firms would have to take on the cost rises, adding: "I think it's up to us and to the industry and to the other companies to try to minimise these price increases." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris bashed as 'serial liar' in EU status attack Speaking about the reason behind the increases, Mr Patricio said: "Specifically in the UK, with the lack of truck drivers. "In (the) US, logistic costs also increased substantially, and there's a shortage of labour in certain areas of the economy." It is also because inflation was "across the board" unlike in previous years, he said. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate Ukraine urged to destroy Russia's bridge to Crimea by NATO commander Tesco is also believed to be in a dispute with Mars Petcare, causing a shortage in some stores of popular pet food brands. Whiskas, Dreamies, Pedigree, Sheba and Crave have reportedly been missing from shelves. A Tesco spokesperson told The Mirror that Tesco is continuing to sell Mars pet food products, but added some items might be unavailable for shoppers. They added: “We’re laser-focused on keeping the cost of the weekly shop in check, offering customers great value through our combination of Aldi Price Match, Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices. "With household budgets under increasing pressure, now more than ever we have a responsibility to ensure customers get the best possible value, and we will not pass on unjustifiable price increases to our customers. "We’re sorry that this means some products aren’t available right now, but we have plenty of alternatives to choose from and we hope to have this issue resolved soon.”