Emma Raducanu has shared her favourite box sets and showed that she was always destined to do well in New York, having won the US Open as a qualifier there last year. The world No 10 is preparing to return and defend her title, and has revealed that her two favourite series are set in the city where she made history. Raducanu stunned the sporting world when she became the first-ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam title, coming through ten US Open matches without dropping a set to be crowned the champion. As she prepares to return to the site of her triumph and defend her title, the 19-year-old has given an insight into her life away from the tennis court. The Bromley local was asked what her favourite box sets were in a new interview with Evening Standard, and she was torn between two as she answered: “Gossip Girl or Suits”. Both shows are notably set in New York with the former actually filmed in the city, showing that the home of the US Open has always been close to the reigning champion’s heart. Raducanu would have been just three-years-old when Gossip Girl premiered and nine when the show came to an end, while Suits finished more recently in 2019 after launching in 2011. Meghan Markle famously starred in the legal drama until starting a relationship with Prince Harry but, despite acting in one of her favourite shows, it’s the Duchess of Cambridge who the world No 10 has been “starstruck” by. JUST IN: Alcaraz makes second world No 1 claim to threaten Djokovic dominance  “I’ve met some really cool people, but when I met the duchess I was definitely [starstruck],” she admitted, having had the chance to have a hit with Kate Middleton in the days after winning the US Open last year. The teenager also shared some of her other favourites alongside her box set picks, admitting she would go for trousers over a skirt and a swimsuit over a bikini when it came to her sartorial choices. Raducanu also had some out-there crisp flavour favourites but revealed that she had recently gone back to an old classic. DON'T MISS Nadal criticised for 'digusting' traits despite being likeable playerNick Kyrgios drops hint over tactics of on-court antics and tweenersRussian tennis ban escalates but Wimbledon punishment not handed out  “Either Texas BBQ or paprika. You know what I’ve been eating loads of recently? Pom-Bears. I’m a bit nostalgic because I’d have them as a six year-old, and I haven’t really had them since,” she said.  Raducanu will be returning to New York next month to begin her title defence at the US Open but isn’t feeling the pressure as she sent a defiant message. “I am 19 years old and yes I have had attention, but I am a Slam champion, so no one’s going to take that away from me. If anything, the pressure’s on those who haven’t done that,” she stated. 