Flight attendants aren't just trained to serve food and beverages while onboard a flight. They must also be on hand to keep everyone safe in the event of an emergency and have been briefed on everything from minor mishaps to life-threatening dangers. Posting to a Reddit forum dedicated to "disturbing secrets that passengers should know", one crew member urged passengers to plan where they sit carefully. The anonymous flight attendant, posting under the name HausOfDarling said: "I'm a long haul flight attendant, coming up to six years. "I've worked short, long and now ultra long haul flying. "From economy to first class and everything in between. "Obligatory, my opinions are my own and not reflective of my employer and I can only speak for the airlines I have worked on. "To me, a lot of it is basic common knowledge." Though not all airlines allow passengers to choose their seats for free, if you can afford to spend a little extra, or have the option to check-in online, it could be well worth it. READ MORE: Genius flight attendant hotel room trick to create black-out blinds The flight attendant explained: "Take off and landing is the most dangerous time of flight. "Try and sit as close to the door as possible. "It's pretty obvious but they've done studies where your chance of survival dramatically decreases with every row you're away from the door." However, if you do find yourself sitting in an emergency exit row, this comes with a number of important responsibilities. According to the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) people sitting in an emergency exit row must meet certain criteria. You must be a non-disabled adult in full fitness and able to understand printed and verbal instructions given in English. Passengers must also be willing and able to assist in the event of an evacuation. Before being seated in this row, you will be asked to confirm you meet these standards. DON'T MISSHand luggage packing hack: Airlines ‘don’t mind’ [COMMENT]Chinese space debris could ‘impact’ holiday flights - destinations [REPORT]Popular souvenirs banned from luggage at the airport [EXPLAINER] According to British Airways: "Exit row seats are situated either next to or immediately behind the emergency exit door, so in the unlikely event of an evacuation, you will be expected to assist in the opening of the emergency exit door. "Once you arrive at the airport we will check whether you meet the CAA safety requirements you've agreed to when reserving your exit row seat. "If you don't, we will take the decision to assign you another seat and you will not be given a refund. "If your circumstances change and you no longer meet the CAA requirements you should tell us at least 48 hours before your flight departs to be able to claim a refund."