Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, are set to snub the Sussexes during their highly-anticipated trip to the US this December. William announced this week that he will be travelling to Boston later in the year as part of his Earthshot Prize. However, the Daily Mail’s Diary Editor Richard Eden was sceptical that the trip might involve William spending any time with his brother. The Mail on Sunday’s Charlotte Griffiths even suggested that Boston was "deliberately" chosen as a location because it is on the opposite coast of California, where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle live. Speaking to Palace Confidential, Mr Eden dismissed hopes for a royal reunion in the US. He said: "William and Harry were in the same cathedral – St Paul’s in London and they were kept apart for the whole time. "They didn’t meet up once while Harry and Meghan were in London." JUST IN: Queen invites Harry and Meghan to Balmoral for summer  Mr Eden added: "So the idea that when he’s in the same vast country, that they might pop over for tea, really is for the birds. "It’s not going to happen." Ms Griffiths responded: "They have gone for the opposite coast. That is quite telling, isn't it? "Imagine if he had chosen California!" She suggested that the Boston selection was "deliberate" on the part of the Cambridges.  Ms Griffiths also dismissed the idea of "competition" between the brothers for attention over their causes. She said: "Americans go mad for royals and these are two proper royals - including the future King. "I think they are going to lap him up." Daily Mail’s Royal Editor Rebecca English said the couple will add "a few more engagements" to their schedule while they are in the US. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL]Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Queen tipped for snub after Sussex offer [LIVE BLOG]  She remarked that the Earthshot Prize contrasted sharply with Prince Harry's recent speech at the UN. Ms English said: "With Harry's UN speech you heard a lot of doom and gloom. "William is going down a different path, where he recognises it is a time of crisis for the environment but he is saying let's focus on how to positively change that." The trip will be Kate and William's first US trip in eight years. In the announcement video this week, William said: "In 2022, we're back and bringing Earthshot to the USA where we'll award the next five winners of the Prize." The Earthshot Prize is a £50 million global environmental prize founded by Prince William and The Royal Foundation in 2020. READ NEXT: Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite?Pippa baby joy as royal fans gush over newborn nameGraham Norton slams Royal Family for ‘never learning’ Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William Royal Family LIVE: Queen tipped for snub after Sussex offer 