Known for its bargains, many people shop at Aldi every week. With the cost of living crisis in full swing, shoppers are desperate to save money where they can. Experts say the average UK household will spend £380 more on food this year due to rising grocery costs. The Liverpool Echo's Emily Sleight decided to do her big shop at Aldi rather than her go-to-supermarket Asda to see if she could save herself some cash. Here is how she got on:  "Is it me, or does Aldi always seem super busy? I guess you could say that's a good thing as it proves just how popular the store is, but it's a little irritating when you just want to get your shopping done and leave. "It could be because I decided to go to Aldi after 5pm, a time where everyone is dashing to get their bits after work (me included) but it didn't ruin my experience completely. "Upon entry, I found myself being drawn to the fresh flowers section with a bunch of lillies on sale for less than £3, but I didn't let the temptation get to me (though it was a bargain). "As I passed the meat section I was amazed at the sheer choice on offer. The meat section at my local Aldi was absolutely huge, but unfortunately, prices were still pretty steep. "A box of fresh chicken breast (approximately four big ones) would set me back almost £6, which I found absolutely mind-blowing. "I was always under the impression that Aldi meat would be cheaper, but perhaps I was wrong. "It wasn't until I checked the Asda website that I realised the same box of chicken from Asda was ever so slightly cheaper, only by 3p, mind. "So far, I wasn't overly impressed, but in reality, what can you expect with the cost of living crisis bumping up the price of pretty much everything?  "Daily lunch items such as ready to eat chicken was priced at £1.99, which was pretty impressive considering a pack from Asda usually sets me back around £2.80. "The only plus side with Asda is the fact that they do an 'any 2 for £4' deal with cooked chicken, so it depends how much ready to eat chicken you actually want. "Salad packs actually ended up being more expensive in Aldi at a steep 99p for a pack of Italian salad compared to Asda's at 60p. "A pack of spinach cost 75p which was cheaper than Asda's at a whopping £1 - so it's mixed results all round on the salad front. "Staple items such as a four pint of semi-skimmed milk would cost the same at Asda for £1.35, but a small pack of seeded bread cost me just 60p as opposed to Asda's £1. "In terms of eggs, 12 free-range eggs from Aldi set me back £2.09 as opposed to Asda's £2.20. "Staple bathroom items such as toothpaste cost a mere 55p, with the cheapest one I could find online at Asda costing 98p. "The cost of feminine hygiene products particularly impressed me, costing 69p as opposed to £2.50 in Asda. "As a whole, I'd say homeware and cleaning items as a whole, such as Fairy Liquid and toothpaste, were a lot cheaper at Aldi than in Asda." The dupes While exploring Aldi, Emily managed to find eight different duplicates of products that she usually buys on a weekly basis from Asda - but for much cheaper. The dupes included: The pros Emily discovered a fair few positives from her weekly shop at Aldi, with the main one being the difference in price for the dupe items. She wrote: "The fact I can get pretty much the exact same product for considerably cheaper means I'll definitely be shopping more at Aldi. "Items like dog treats, coffee and snacks for lunch gave me plenty of savings so I was really chuffed with that. "It's usually items like dog food and branded snacks that rack up my Asda bill, so the fact I could get similar products (all tried and tasted by me) that are identical was a real bonus. "My dog most certainly can't tell the difference between a 59p dental stick and a £1.29 one, so Aldi is a good option for dog owners, that's for sure." The cons Emily found that staple items - in particular, meat - are still expensive at Aldi. She also found that fresh items such as fruit and vegetables were not of a good quality, but admits that it could just be her local store and not Aldi as a whole. In particular, Emily did not like the baby potatoes and lemons, which both appeared quite brusied and unappealing. Emily's verdict "This all begs the question... will I do my weekly shop at Aldi every week? Probably not. But will I make a habit of visiting Aldi more for specific items? Yes." Emily's bill ended up being £69 in total, which is more than she usually spends at Asda. However, she did point out that she picked up a few "homey" bits such as candles and cleaning sprays. She was particularly drawn to the Specialbuy section. "Its Specialbuy section is way too hard to resist, and that's definitely where the store makes its money," she wrote. She added: "I was so impressed with the dupes, and will definitely be making a habit of going to Aldi for specific lunch items such as crisps, lunchtime snacks, coffee and dog food."