Starz’s hit drama P-Valley has taken viewers by storm as it gives a fictional insight into behind the scenes of a popular strip club. As the drama intensifies, the show confirmed fans can expect a familiar face to return to the show, which sparked a major frenzy on Twitter.   Since premiering in July, fans have remained enthralled by the multiple storylines season two had to offer. Many of the gripping scenes left fans emotional including the heartbreaking death of Big Teak (played by John Clarence Stewart) During episode six, Big Teak killed himself in front of Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) after a series of haunting memories. Despite spending a beautiful day together, he couldn’t overcome his sadness and ended it all with his lover seated next to him. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub   As for the most recent episode, fans watched a pregnant 14-year-old Terrika (A'zaria Carter) battle with the choice to terminate her pregnancy. Although she was allowed to do so and had the support to head up to Jackson, her religious standpoint and misinformation about abortion made her second guess it all. However, she went ahead with the termination after she stated she didn’t want to be like her mother Mercedes (Brandee Evan), who was forced to have her young. After a heavy two episodes, fans were thrilled after the show announced a major character would return to screens.    Taking to Twitter, the official P-Valley account tweeted a clip of Mercedes and Mane’s (Thomas Q Jones) upcoming reunion. In the video, Mane who had been missing in action told Mercedes: “Can’t tell you how much I missed this view.” The account captioned the video: “We sho'll missed you too, Mane. See what goes down between him and 'Cedes this Sunday on [STARZ].” This sparked a major frenzy among fans as they responded in the comments with excitement. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone newcomer showered with support as they spark concern [INSIGHT]Nicco Annan height: How tall is P-Valley's Uncle Clifford star? [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford on exploring ‘fresh trauma’ [INSIGHT]    An eager @IamKatHarris shared: “Absolutely obsessed with ‘Cedes & Mane’s LOVE affair coming back to [P-Valley].” A second fan @xoxoItsGabby stated: “I. SHIP. THIS!!!!!! It’s time for Mercedes to have joy in her life!” @iamjaquilla shared her predictions: “Mane been locked up too long. He definitely gonna get with his boo Mercedes. They have great chemistry” Anticipating the pair would get together @venikak tweeted: “LOCK HIM DOWN MERCEDES THIS IS YOUR CHANCE.” (sic)     As the show also depicted the global health crisis, things had changed for the characters who were finally stepping out again. The Pynk, the strip club where a majority of the scenes took place had been shut down and the owners were facing financial issues. However, even with Mane out of the picture, Mercedes had a lot going on, which viewers saw with her Terricka. With the finale fast approaching, there’s also a chance she and Mane could rekindle their romance the right way.  P-Valley is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK   