She pursues her lust for secession as a knight after the Holy Grail. And let us be frank about the right word. To withdraw unilaterally from a solemn treaty like the Act of Union of 1707 is indeed to secede and nothing else. The surprising thing is that the broad masses of the Scots, known as a realistic folk with an eye to where the money comes from, keep supporting her. The costing for Scotland of separation from the union of the UK is scary. Given that Her Majesty, despite her love of Scotland, would surely be advised that she could not continue as head of state of both countries after secession, the land of the tartan would have to become the Republic of Scotland and fend for itself. She would need a foreign service to be represented worldwide. Any idea of the cost of about a hundred embassies and consulates, fully staffed across the world? At the moment the UK does that. Certainly several billions. Then there’s the matter of defence – army, navy and air force. Every UK-paid branch, based in Scotland, would have to be withdrawn south of the border, losing the jobs of many thousands of civilian support workers. And the equipment of the new forces with soldiers, sailors, airmen and the mind-numbing costs of the kit. So far the UK pays and Scotland is defended as Russia constantly probes her airspace and waters. More billions. It doesn’t begin to stop here. Without the Barnett Formula the subsidies flowing up from the south would end. More billions. A national currency? Backed by what? Some residual oil and gas deposits but these are regarded as pollutants nowadays. The ship-building industry, pride of the Clyde? Memory Lane. One single ferry was too much for La Sturgeon. And there would be a tsunami of Scotland-based corporations upping sticks to re-locate south. More billions. Well, rapid membership of the EU and its lovely subsidies? Alas, Spain, fighting hard to prevent the similar secession of Catalonia, has an absolute veto and would use it. Membership of NATO? That’s a spender, not an earner. So, a small and independent peninsula off the north of England with no assets and a toilet-paper currency, isolated and impoverished. And would La Sturgeon win such a referendum or take another pasting as six years ago? Who would have a vote? Well, research shows there are 5.2 million Scots-born Scots but only 84 per cent live there. Most of the 16 per cent are in England, but surely entitled to a vote. That’s nearly a million and likely to prefer the status quo. Those who oppose secession, like the Scottish Tory Party might be wise to research and publish some serious costing of secession. It really is time the Scots as a people took a long, hard look at the price to them of La Sturgeon’s obsession. The fall of Boris Johnson will be discussed until the cows come up the garden path but there is one thing that still baffles me. Right back to his boyhood he was a scholar of the Greco-Roman civilisation. Why did he not realise that over those last 30 months he was enacting, step by step, the classical Greek tragedy? This begins with the hero being elevated to immense eminence and power with the chance to do great things. Despite this he ignored the chances and preferred to taunt hubris, the spirit of boastfulness. This led to mistake after mistake. Finally the goddess Nemesis, spirit of retribution, stepped in and brought him down. You’d have thought a scholar of Greek would have seen the inevitable sequence. After a lifetime of travel I have seen enough departure lounges for any man. But no longer. Each morning the screen of my iPad is adorned with invitations from BA to fly with them to one exotic and sunny resort after another. Then I open the morning paper or flick on the TV news, or both. Either provide a horror show with images interchangeable with refugee camps far away. Halls and mile-long corridors covered with travellers snoozing on their luggage, many going nowhere but back home as their flights are cancelled. Others with hours more to wait in grotesque discomfort. Airline staff invisible. Passport and customs officers the same. So my reply to the airlines and airports remains the same: you get me speedily and comfortably onto an airplane that is really going to fly and I’ll return to you… maybe. Meanwhile in my garden the sun shines, the birds twitter and the lounger beckons. Vaya con Dios. Former Bond girl Fiona Fullerton reports that she almost had a brush with the Pearly Gates after going into shock following a brace of wasp stings. That was extremely unlucky for although we are now well into July I have hardly seen any flies or wasps. I well recall that not all that long ago we were infested with flies and wasps by July. This year I have a swat always to hand but can recall zapping only about two wasps and four flies. Where are they all? Perhaps they too have become depressed by the costof living and have emigrated. It’s an ill wind… Much has been made of the role of the last few EU-Remainer fanatics in bringing down Boris Johnson. In fact this is just self-adulation by a few disregarded old has-beens like Lords McDonald and Heseltine. Where the last zealots continue to sabotage this country despite the clearly declared majority of the people is in the Civil Service and Foreign Office. And here is a factor well worth noting though I have not seen statistical proof. The huge majority of those who go on trying (and often succeeding) in preventing our freedom from the governance of Brussels to recreate our homeland into a wealthy and influential country seem to be on the public payroll. In other words they are living off the backs of the rest of us while using their offices and their powers to diminish us. There is a solution here if only someone had the bottle. Get rid of the saboteurs-in-office. They are far from indispensable. Instead of lounging at home on my tab, give them a new career. Framing their P45s and hanging them on the wall. Not a day passes when we do not hear of yet another massacre of innocent people by someone with a knife or gun. When arrested the killer is usually revealed as young, looking derelict and who planned the massacre before acquiring the weaponry and carrying out his scheme. What baffles both the police and us readers is – why? Apart from religious fanaticism the analysis seems to arrive at “a form of mental illness”. What I have not seen reported is a long-term use of drugs. Our trendies tell us there is no harm in stupefying drugs for relaxation. How weird must coincidences be before someone puts two and two together and makes four? Why, having seized power and being kept there by a ruthless secret police, do they think they have transformed into brilliant military brains? It was Adolf Hitler’s disastrous decisions, enforced on his generals, that cost him the Second World War. Stalin delayed defending Moscow until it was too late. He almost lost it in December 1941 and with it all the USSR and the war. The idiot Hitler saved him by diverting half his conquering army south to Stalingrad. Putin is the latest. His intended conquest of Ukraine is so far a complete botch. His surviving generals must be tearing their hair out. From a blitzkrieg his war has degenerated to an inch-by-inch crawl across the Donbas, a tiny portion of Ukraine’s extreme east. If it comes to a clear wager, who will still exist next year – Ukraine or Putin – place your bet firmly on the blue-and-yellow flag of Ukraine.