Boris Becker is reportedly surviving ‘fine’ and coping as he adjusts to life in prison, according to his estranged wife. The three-time Wimbledon champion and former World No. 1 is serving a 30-month sentence at HMP Huntercombe near Henley-on-Thames in Oxfordshire. Becker was found guilty of hiding £2.5 million of assets and loans to avoid paying debts. He was found guilty underunder the Insolvency Act and as the German is not a British citizen, he could be kicked out of the country once he is released. The charges include nine counts of failing to hand over coveted awards, seven of concealing property, five of failing to disclose estate, two of removal of property and one of concealing debt. Becker reportedly failed to hand over nine trophies, including two of his three Wimbledon men’s singles titles, an Olympic gold medal, his 1991 and 1996 Australian Open trophies and his Davis Cup trophy and gold coin. Yesterday, Becker reportedly saw girlfriend, Lilian de Carvalho Monteiro when she visited along with his sons Noah and Elias. Becker is understood to be watching Wimbledon on a television in his cell and his estranged wife Lilly Becker believes he is adjusting to his circumstances. “Boris is fine, I am fine — we are all fine — I have been very busy ... there’s not much more to say, everything is OK,” Lilly Becker told Mail Online. “I’ve not been watching Wimbledon and don’t want to talk about it or anything else, I’m currently busy ... we’re all fine, there’s nothing to worry about.” READ MORE: Wimbledon star Coco Gauff confuses Sue Barker with Chewbacca Novak Djokovic, the reigning Wimbledon champion, has said he is in contact with the disgraced legend through his family and has invited Noah and De Carvalho Monteiro to sit in his Centre Court player’s box. Djokovic was coached by Becker between 2014 and 2016. While he started his sentence in the Category B Wandsworth Prison, only a few miles from her Wimbledon home, Boris has since been moved to the Category C HMP Huntercombe in Oxfordshire. He has not let imprisonment stop him from suing a comedian after Oliver Pocher started a fundraising campaign labelled ‘Make Boris rich again’. Becker refused to collect €541.11 raised from the German public but was tricked into taking the cash on a television show in 2020 when he was handed a trophy for a bogus fashion icon award - and the cash was hidden inside. The former tennis player is now seeking to prevent the comedian’s show from being broadcast again. DON'T MISSNadal GOAT claim made by Gauff after Spaniard's Grand Slam statementNick Kyrgios the centre of more controversy at Wimbledon after fineDe Minaur charms Wimbledon with heartwarming shout-out to girlfriend “It is about the unauthorised broadcasting of footage. Boris Becker was ridiculed,” his lawyer Samy Hammad told Bild. “Even if my client is a public figure, he also has personal rights that were violated here. “This has nothing to do with permitted satire. There’s a fine line between charming wit and cheekiness. Oliver Pocher has once again walked this fine line in the wrong direction.” Becker has also expressed his frustration at ‘fictitious’ media coverage of his time in jail. German media reported he made emergency calls from his previous cell at Wandsworth jail in south London, complaining about claustrophobia and the food.