Antonio Conte has been informed that Bayern Leverkusen defender Piero Hincapie won’t be joining Tottenham as the Italian’s seventh summer signing. Following the additions of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma and Richarlison, Spurs could be boosted with the additions of Djed Spence and Clement Lenglet, but Hincapie will not join them this window. Calciomercato claim that Spurs are not close to the Ecuadorian and that despite additional interest from AC Milan, Roma and Napoli, the German club would prefer to sell him after the World Cup this winter. Tottenham had been credited with an interest in the 20-year-old last month as they were warned they would have to part with £34million for his signature. Conte’s side have been in talks to sign Middlesbrough wing-back Spence to provide competition for Emerson Royal and Matt Doherty, and the Championship side’s boss Chris Wilder has admitted he is hoping for a resolution to the saga soon. "Hopefully, it will come to a quick conclusion because that would help everybody," he told the Northern Echo. “That's the way we'd like it to be, although the situation isn't always straightforward. It is taking its time, but hopefully, it can get sorted. If not, then as I've said all along, Djed comes back to us." While Spurs are close to completing a deal for Barcelona defender Lenglet. The Frenchman has reportedly been told to leave the club by Xavi and the left-footed centre-back could move to north London on a loan deal. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel could be on different page to Todd Boehly as Neymar to Chelsea gathers pace Tottenham have been told that they could compete for the Premier League title next season along with Manchester City and Liverpool if they keep spending. "A couple more signings before the season starts... if they sign a world-class centre-back and right-back, they're in with a chance," Dean Saunders told talkSPORT. "Liverpool have just lost [Sadio] Mane. Man City have strengthened. "[Spurs] are in with a chance of knocking on the door, I don't think they'll get above Man City and Liverpool, but they'll be nearer than they were last year. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to complete mega swap deal after Cristiano Ronaldo transfer revelationMan City identify replacement for Chelsea target Raheem Sterling in Man Utd hijackChelsea owner could offload two fan favourites to fund Frenkie de Jong transfer "They'll give them a run for their money, they'll be closer to them, and I think they could win a cup. I think the manager is a winner, he's driving those players to something." Richarlison became Conte’s fourth summer signing on Friday for a fee that could reach £60m, and posted a heartfelt goodbye message to Everton fans on his Instagram account. "It's very difficult to say goodbye to a place that has become my home,” the Brazilian said. “Of fans who welcomed me not just as another player, but as if I were one of them, in the stands; and a club that treated me kindly and helped me develop my sense of community and empathy. “No words and not all the love I have for this club is enough to thank you. We'll see you along the way! I love you Evertonians."