Chelsea have been urged to perform a U-turn and "go big" to sign Manchester United's wantaway striker Cristiano Ronaldo. Thomas Tuchel was not keen on the idea of signing Ronaldo earlier this summer but former Blues left-back Scott Minto has questioned that approach. The Portuguese superstar held talks with United boss Erik ten Hag on Tuesday. But the 37-year-old maintains he still wants to leave Old Trafford this summer. There appears to be a lack of clubs interested in signing Ronaldo. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was keen and held a meeting with the player's agent Jorge Mendes last month. However, head coach Tuchel does not believe Ronaldo is the right player for his style of play. Minto understands the German's point of view but has urged him to have a conversation with Ronaldo, to see if he would buy into his philosophy. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd striker meeting, Chelsea terms agreed, Arsenal enquiry  Minto says Ronaldo has shown he can be a pressing forward, albeit earlier in his career at Real Madrid. He told talkSPORT: "I understand the argument against [signing] Ronaldo, I do. "But when you've got someone like him who's in a really, really poor team, Man United were so poor last season, and yet he scored 18 Premier League goals. The argument is 'it's all about him [Ronaldo]', but you can still sit him down and say: ‘Look we need you to do this, are you willing to do it? If not we won’t come in for you. If you are, we will’. “He is capable of pressing – it’s not that he can’t do it, it’s that he doesn’t want to do it. I covered Real Madrid for four years and watched every game, he was a one and two-touch player, he was a box player, scoring goals. “To ask him to change that at the age of 37 is going to be something a bit different but you can build a team around that." Chelsea's top scorer in all competitions last season was Romelu Lukaku with 15 goals. DON'T MISSChelsea poised to lose midfielder as star drops social media hintLeeds boss Marsch 'likes' striker Whites can sign for bargain £4.2m feeChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in Tuchel boost  He has since left the club to rejoin Inter Milan on loan. Minto says it is clear adding goalscorers to his squad is key for Tuchel and has backed him to make a move for Ronaldo. The pundit added: "When Thomas Tuchel came in, he won the Champions League and got Chelsea back into the top four on the basis of a good defence, not necessarily scoring goals. The defence doesn’t look good at the moment and we haven’t got the goals, either. “So I think Chelsea should go big for Ronaldo.” 