Manchester United players and staff are ‘exasperated’ at the lack of signings at Old Trafford, according to reports. John Murtough has brought Tyrell Malacia to the club so far this summer, with the Netherlands international moving from Feyenoord. However, the club are struggling when it comes to bolstering their squad this summer. Manchester United signed Malacia earlier this week, with the left-back arriving to provide competition for Luke Shaw at Old Trafford. But, despite the club pushing to land the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez, they’ve been unable to add any more reinforcements to their squad. With this being the case, The Athletic claim United players and staff members are ‘exasperated’ with the whole process. Under Ed Woodward, the Red Devils would often become embroiled in long sagas - such as deals for Angel Di Maria and Jadon Sancho, in 2014 and 2021 respectively. And it appears little has changed under Murtough. The bulk of United’s resources have gone on a deal for De Jong, who is Erik ten Hag’s top target as he looks to build a dynasty at Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Yet latest reports from Catalonia have claimed the 25-year-old is refusing to join the Red Devils and instead wants to stay at Barcelona. At United, people believe the club are ‘playing the long game o deals’ when there is no need to do so. This, they think, means the Red Devils risk missing out on targets and are instead relying on a ‘reactive approach’ to proceedings. But they’re determined to overpay having wasted billions in recent years, with supremo Richard Arnold recently confessing they’ve squandered their cash. Di Maria never lived up to expectations after joining from Real Madrid eight years ago, lasting just 12 months before moving to Paris Saint-Germain. Radamel Falcao was another disappointment, with the Colombia international scoring just four goals during a disastrous loan spell. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And the likes of Bastian Schweinsteiger, Memphis Depay and Alexis Sanchez have all failed to live up to expectations, too. United know they need bolstering as they look to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. But Murtough is willing to take his time for now, with the Red Devils chief eager to avoid making the same mistakes of the past. United are confident Eriksen will sign on the dotted line, just over a year after it looked like he’d never play football again. The Denmark international dazzled for Brentford last season, registering four assists and scoring once from 11 Premier League matches. And United believe that, after securing a verbal agreement with the playmaker, he’ll soon be in the door. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United are also hoping to beat Arsenal to Martinez, who has spent three successful years playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. But any deal isn’t straightforward, with the Eredivisie giants looking to get as much money as possible for the Argentina international. Regarding United’s recruitment, Rio Ferdinand has had his say. And the England international, who won six league titles during his time at Old Trafford, thinks his old side need a right-winger. "I think the problem position for Man United is the right-wing, because you've got Martial, Sancho and Rashford who all prefer playing on the left and are all more effective on the left," Ferdinand told Vibe with Five. "So, you've got Elanga - even he is probably better on the left-hand side as well. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "You've got four players there all vying for one position and they are best placed on the left, probably. I think right-wing is a position Man United have to invest in. "They're going to have to try get rid of Martial if they can get him out. I think they'll let him go." Ferdinand then proceeded to offer his backing to Marcus Rashford, who struggled for United by scoring just five goals last term. "I think the club and fan base will be expecting bigger things from Rashford this year, last season was a bit stop-start with injuries and stuff like that,” he continued. “I think this is a fresh start. The new manager, by the sounds of what I'm hearing from him, he's rejuvenated. I want to see the old Marcus that I know is there." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here