Provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and HMRC, Britons will receive a £326 payment automatically between July 14 and the end of the month. The second instalment of £324 will follow in autumn, although no set date has been announced yet. When announced in May, the Government stated that only those who claim certain means-tested benefits, where a person’s income and savings are taken into account, will be eligible for the support.  These benefits include Child Tax Credit, income-based Jobseekers Allowance, income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) or Income Support. Those who claim Universal Credit, Pension Credit, and Working Tax Credit will also be eligible. However, there are four other loopholes which could mean that people who do claim the eligible benefits won’t be able to get the cost of living support payment in July or in the Autumn. The second loophole is that people cannot claim contribution benefits and anyone on them, where payouts depend on National Insurance Contributions (NICs) over a set period will not get the money.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    This means that not all claims for Jobseeker’s Allowance and Employment and Support Allowance will be accepted for the payment even though they are on the list of benefits approved. Similarly, people will be eligible if they claim income-based Jobseeker's Allowance but not contribution-based Jobseeker's Allowance. Even though people who claim Tax Credits will receive the payment, it will not arrive in people’s bank accounts in July. Tax credit claimants will receive their first payment slightly later most likely more into the autumn. The second payment will then follow into the winter, again no exact date has been confirmed by the Government yet.   The Government has done this to avoid double-payment. In order to get the first payment, people must have been claiming their benefits by a certain date to receive the first instalment of the £650. The qualifying period for this was April 26, 2022 to May 25, 2022. For Universal Credit, people must have been entitled to a payment, or later found to be eligible, for an assessment period that ended within these dates.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack    This timeframe is only for the first instalment, and includes tax credit claimants. The deadline for applying for the second payment has not yet been set. This means thousands of Brits who start a claim at a later date might end up being eligible for the final instalment. The Government has not said when it will release the criteria for the second payment. Brits will only be able to get one payment per household, so if people have a joint benefits claim with a partner then they will only get one payment of £650 - not two.     The news is a blow to households who may have been expecting to get £1,300, not £650. Essentially, this is the equivalent of one payment per claim. The DWP and HMRC are using a computer program to identify those eligible to receive a cost of living payment. If people are not happy with this decision made by the program then they can contact the office that pays their benefits or tax credits to discuss it.A DWP spokesperson said: “Through our £37 billion support package, we are protecting eight million of the most vulnerable families with at least £1,200 of direct payments, starting this week. “As part of this households will receive £400 energy payments and 80 percent will get a £150 Council Tax rebate, with one-off payments of £300 to support pensioners and £150 for people receiving disability benefits. “And we are saving the typical employee over £330 a year through a tax cut this month, allowing people on Universal Credit to keep £1,000 more of what they earn and in April we significantly increased the National Living Wage to £9.50. Vulnerable families in England are also being supported by the Government’s Household Support Fund, to help pay for essentials.”