British mum Katy is a parenting blogger and content creator, who runs the blog What Katy Said. The mum-of-three lives in Hertfordshire, UK, with her husband. The homeowner was in for a shock recently, after she called E.ON to discuss another matter about her bills. During the conversation, she was dismayed to hear she was £1,000 in debt despite paying her bills monthly via direct debit. She took to her online platforms to warn her community. In a TikTok video, she said: "If you are with E.ON energy or actually any energy company, go into your account and make sure that the monthly payments that you are making are being attributed to your actual meter reading account. "I have just found out today that I owe E.ON £1,000 pounds because the monthly payments I've been making for the past year or so have just been building in credit on my account and haven't actually been going towards my energy bills. "Because of that, they haven't been telling me that actually we haven't been paying enough. "So the credit that I had from the amount I've been paying isn't enough to pay off the amount of debt that we actually owe for our gas and electric bills." READ MORE: Genius money saving rules to save on food shopping - 'use a slow cooker and save energy' Since Katy was being told she was in credit with the company, she assumed she was paying her bills. However, while she was building credit with her payments her account was sliding into debt. However, there was no way for the E.ON customer to know this fact, unless she contacted the provider directly. She urged other people to make sure to check with their provider that their accounts are in order. Katy said: "Make sure that you check yours and the money that you're paying every single month is actually paying off the debt that you owe for the energy that you're actually using." DON'T MISS'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating [HACK] Cost of living crisis: A £20 heated blanket from Amazon is 'cheaper' [EXPERT] Heat pump crisis as Britons REFUSE to install green boiler alternatives [FURY] Later, after speaking with E.ON, she updated fans on the situation. She said: "They admitted fault. After fraudulently messing with my account, charging me double, and not informing me of anything in months, it is sorted." She went on: "I’ll hold my hands up and say I dropped the ball and didn’t check the statements. "Stupidly assumed that seeing I was paying, they’d use it!" The experience was enough to prompt the Briton to move. She said: "As soon as this is sorted, I’m switching!" A number of her followers explained they never pay by direct debit to avoid such a scenario. One said: "I take my readings monthly and pay when I get the bill. Never pay by direct debit." Another said: "I read my meter every month and send in the reading that way I only pay for what I’m using." Another had a family member experience the same issue. The user Saman said: "Happened the same with my dad with another energy supplier and now he is paying bit by bit." Katy responded: "It’s just crazy that they don’t chase us up sooner!" E.ON assured Express.co.uk: "This is not indicative of a wider issue. "We would advise all customers to regularly check their meter readings and their payments to help ensure their accounts remain in order, and to contact us if there are any issues."