Prince George celebrated his ninth birthday today, making him a Cancer. This also happens to be the same star sign as his father, Prince William. Astrologer Inbaal Honigman spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss what type of future King Prince George will be as a Cancer.  She said: “Cancerians are kind and caring and excel at any job. Whether his family business was a chippy or a plumbing shop, Prince George would do the right thing when he's come of age and step up when his family needed him. “The very essence of being a future King - having this commitment that he is born into and can't turn down - will not phase him. “Cancerians are not very rebellious, and he won't raise hell just to see what happens. “He'll show up as required, and do his best, as is the nature of Cancerians. “Prince George shares his sun sign with his father, Prince William, who also embodies the Cancerian traits beautifully, in taking on royal duties and abiding by protocol his whole life, and with his late grandmother, Princess Diana, who was internationally known for her charitable work.” Will George be more similar to the current Queen, or more like Prince Charles and William? Inbaal commented: “George has a Scorpio ascendant, which links him with his grandfather, Prince Charles, a Scorpio himself. “Charles has at times surprised the monarchy. From his early support of environmentalist causes, from well before it was trendy, to marrying his second wife in a civil ceremony.  “Scorpios do their own thing without drama. So if George needed to break with tradition and modernise the monarchy somehow, he'd just get on with it, and not make it all about himself. “His Moon sign is Capricorn, which is the same as Queen Elizabeth's ascendant. Capricon is a stable, business-minded sign that keeps their mood even and calm at all times. “George is likely to take the most appealing qualities of each of his predecessors to the throne. “With a Capricorn moon sign, he will be even-tempered like the Queen.  READ MORE: Ranvir Singh eyes up Prince George interview as she replaces Lorraine “With his Scorpio ascendant, he will allow for new ideas like Prince Charles, as long as they benefit his subjects. “And more than anything, sharing the Cancer sun sign with his father, will make him a loving and much-loved King.” Both George’s younger siblings, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, are Taurus’s. Does the Cancer star sign better prepare someone for the throne?  Inbaal explained: “The interesting thing about both Taurus and Cancer, two signs that are extremely well represented within the Royal Family, is that both signs share a strong sense of duty. “Neither of those signs has a particular affinity with rulership, but both are known for doing the right thing, and putting their family commitments ahead of their own personal desires. “As such, any one of the Windsor children would have made a brilliant monarch. Cancer or Taurus, are very alike for this unique destiny." 