The motorway was blocked between junctions 24 and 25. National Highways England reported that traffic officers worked to clear the road. They added that drivers should allow extra time for the car to be cleared. The incident appears to have occurred in the middle of rush hour as commuters head home from London. Congestion was been reported at Junction 24, towards Potters Bar, Barnet and Enfield. This marks the second time within seven days that an overturned car has sparked traffic issues on the M25 at junction 24. On Tuesday (June 28), queues stretched for 5 miles as a result of the incident. Delays varied between 30 minutes to nearly an hour, with congestion stretching back to junction 26. National Highways England later confirmed via Twitter that the road had been cleared allowing traffic to move.  They said: "Traffic has now been released on the M25 anti-clockwise between J24 and J23 due to an earlier collision involving an overturned car. "Traffic officers have cleared the vehicle with lane one of four remaining closed for recovery of the vehicle." Unrelated to today's incident, major delays to the M25, among other motorways, are expected throughout the summer due to fuel protests. Figures revealed on Saturday showed petrol is 191.4p a litre, while diesel is 199p. In just one year, petrol has jumped up by 44 per cent and diesel has seen an even bigger increase of 47 per cent, with a litre of diesel priced at 135.2p this time last year. Howard Cox, Founder of the FairFuelUK campaign, said fuel protests will take place on the M6, M5, M4, M25, M11, M62 and A12 in Colchester.   It comes following a day of chaos yesterday which saw some drivers chug along at a dangerous 10mph up and down the country in protest at fuel prices. Police arrested 12 activists from Fuel Price Stand Against Tax on the M4 following a hold up on the motorway which saw traffic creep at 20mph sparking hours of delays. A convoy of around 20 vehicles was seen at the Magor services near Caldicot, South Wales, as well as the Exeter Services on the M5 and the A38 in Devon. Organisers also blocked the Prince of Wales Bridge crossing between England and Wales, while disruption grew on the A12 in Essex and the A48 in Gloucestershire. The M62 in West Yorkshire, in Stoke-on-Trent on the A50, and the M6 and M54 in the Midlands were all gridlocked too. But activists have vowed to go further with a "summer of discontent" on the road networks amid fury at soaring prices at the pump. 