But 44 percent often forget life admin tasks altogether, or fail to complete things by the required date – leaving three in ten (31 percent) incurring charges or interest as a result. Confusion about what to do is cited as the main reason these duties are forgotten – but a quarter simply “can’t be bothered” to tend to them. Stuart Burnett, Co-CEO of Utility Warehouse, which commissioned the research, said: “Life admin is one of those endless headaches, and something we all wish we could live without. “It’s no surprise households are feeling exhausted, with the average person carrying out more than 300 different tasks each year just to stay on top of everything. “Whether it’s paying bills, booking appointments, or shopping around in a bid to save money, life-admin is taking over our lives.” The most common tasks to be done during a typical year include responding to personal emails (52 percent), and booking various appointments such as the dentist or doctors (51 percent). Others have to pay electricity bills (45 percent), set up broadband (43 percent), and post letters (41 percent). For a third of those polled, their list of life admin tasks is never ending, while one in five (21 percent) struggle to complete it all. But 33 percent admitted to having a “bury my head in the sand” approach when it comes to these tedious to-dos. And 34 percent feel constant pressure to keep on top of everything – despite 27 percent claiming to be “extremely organised”. Planning and booking holidays (27 percent), shopping around for car insurance (25 percent), and filing tax returns (22 percent) are among the things Brits think take the longest amount of time. One in three say that knowing they have a lot of admin to get through makes them feel stressed – while 29 percent get overwhelmed, and 21 percent simply feel fed up. Nonetheless, nearly a fifth actively enjoy doing life admin tasks, while over half (55 percent) can only just about tolerate them. Nearly three in five (57 percent) claim they are responsible for the majority of life admin tasks in their household, while 17 percent say this is something their partner deals with. When quizzed on their end goals, the OnePoll study found 48 percent want to feel more organised with their day-to-day chores, while 47 percent are setting out to save money. Nearly four in ten (39 percent) are after a good deal, and 35 percent just want to tick things off the to-do-list. Stuart Burnett added: “We understand just how important it is to save as much money as possible at the moment. “It’s no wonder that this pressure is making people feel overwhelmed and fed up by the increased admin of doing so. “We don’t believe saving money should cause such a headache, which is why we’ve built our business around saving people time as well as money. “We’ll never be able to escape life admin completely – but if you’re not having to worry about price comparisons, lost passwords, and trawling through mounds of paperwork each month, you can get on with the things that really matter in life.”