Toto Wolff has claimed criticism from Christian Horner and Mattia Binotto in the porpoising row is like “foam pellets from Nerf guns” in a swipe at Red Bull and Ferrari. Wolff admitted he would not be backing down during team principal meetings, adding he “enjoys the controversy”. The trio met over the Canadian Grand Prix weekend to discuss the FIA’s new technical directive set out to monitor porpoising. Wolff has called for more rule changes under safety grounds whereas Horner and Binotto were against changes. Reports suggest Wolff “lost his s***” in the meeting which was filmed by Netflix for Drive to Survive. However, Wolff has now claimed the “poison arrows” from other team principals did not hurt him at all. He added: “They were more like foam pellets from Nerf guns. Not at all. I really enjoy the controversy. At the moment, I’m less on the balcony and a lot more on the dance floor. READ MORE: Toto Wolff wades into Lewis Hamilton row with 'commitments' demand “It’s important to get the problems under control, then I can look at what the successor looks like.” Eyewitness accounts from the Canada meeting claimed Wolff went into "full Abu Dhabi spec” as he argued the need for further changes. According to the Daily Mail, an eyewitness said: “It was a row on a different scale from any of the press conference spats we have seen before.” However, Horner reportedly told Wolff to “put his own house in order” as he and Binotto led the argument against the changes. Binotto was also unhappy with the Mercedes boss, adding he was only pushing for changes because Mercedes got their car design wrong. Horner took a swipe at Wolff after the meeting in Canada, claiming it was “theatrical” with the cameras present. DON'T MISSMercedes make position clear on new FIA rules changes [INSIGHT]Horner backed in Wolff debate as drivers advised to call meeting [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner opens up on 'sparky' F1 team principals meeting [COMMENT] He explained: “I think there was an element of theatre going on in that meeting. So you know, maybe with Lewis's new movie coming along, [they're] getting him enrolled for it." Aston Martin boss Mile Krack said the meeting was “a bit emotional for some” as tensions bubbled over. Otmar Szafnauer also seemed to suggest the row exploded because of the Netflix cameras, which he blamed for creating “drama”. He said: “Maybe. Does it create drama that otherwise wouldn't be there? I don't know. It's hard to tell, because it's not a controlled experiment. We've got to have the same meeting without them there, so I don't know.”