Ivana Trump's remains were transported from New York City to ex-president Donald Trump's New Jersey golf club as the couple's children paid tribute to their mother. A hearse from Frank E. Campbell funeral home in Manhattan was carried as a procession of family and loved ones followed down 9th Avenue before entering the Lincoln Tunnel and heading towards the Trump National Golf Club Bedminster for a private reception. Her three children, Donald Trump Jr, Eric, and Ivanka, all spoke at the service on the Upper East Side as 100 mourners, including Donald, his wife Melania, and their son Barron, watched on. Ivanka said: "Growing up, my mother didn’t tell me a woman could do anything she wanted to — she showed me. "She was a trailblazer to men and women alike. My mother once told me there was nothing she couldn’t do in heels. She taught us how to spear fish and then cook what we caught. My mum expanded our minds." Don Jr. spoke next of his fond memories with his mother before he returned to his seat, saying: "I love you, mom."  Eric Trump, the youngest, said: "She had brains; she had beauty. She was the embodiment of the American dream … She was a force of nature, could beat any man down the slopes, any woman on the runway. "She ruled the three of us [kids] with an iron fist but also a heart of gold." Ivana's body was carried out of the service in a golden casket past a number of guests. Ivana was also honoured by her favourite New York restaurant, Nello, which lit candles and displayed flowers at her favourite table while she was commemorated. READ MORE: Ivana Trump cause of death: How did Donald Trump's ex-wife die?  Ivana would visit the Italian restaurant on the Upper East Side several nights a week and had a favourite spot in the restaurant. She was said to have visited with friends and family, including her children and grandchildren. Owner Thomas Makkos, who attended Ivana's funeral, said his staff are "mourning the loss of a favorite patron." He added: "Ivana was beloved by all who work here and will be sorely missed. Sometimes, members of the staff would escort Mrs. Trump back to her home just down the block. Tonight, we will pay tribute to her friendship by leaving her favourite table empty with a candle memorial display." DON'T MISS:UK staycation destinations most affected by tourism - full list [INSIGHT]British military spy plane heads to Black Sea [PICTURES]Tourists visiting Spain must prove they can spend £85 each day [COMMENT]  Extravagant displays of red roses were outside the service as mourners arrived. Next to the casket was a blow-up print of Ivana's Vanity Fair front cover feature. Before the service, Don Jr. and his ex-wife Vanessa comforted their crying eight-year-old Chloe while Ivanka kept a protective hand over her youngest son, six-year-old Theo. Eric Trump and his wife Lara brought their two young children, Eric, four, and Carolina, two, who watched in silence.