Coronation Street's Tim (played by Joe Duttine) and wife Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) have been keen to reignite their passion in the bedroom after his heart operation. In a recent episode, he was left red-faced after he opened up about their issues to a charity worker from a donkey sanctuary. As Tim and Sally navigate their way through the next sexual side of their relationship, things may come to a halt as Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) returns to the cobbles and has a huge revelation for Tim. Spider Nugent made his big return during last night's episode of Coronation Street, giving former flame Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) the fright of her life. After being away for 25 years, Spider made his return at a protest which was set up by Toyah after it was revealed she had messaged him to come and help. As she asked about him returning, he claimed he was meant to be meeting others anyway, so he was in the area. Martin recently opened up about his return and spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about who he had been catching up with since his return. READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage He expressed: "Obviously, Georgia. I saw Si the other day, Simon Gregson, and we were having a natter, and it's really lovely. I walked down the corridor where all the dressing rooms were. "And then, just by sheer luck, the old guys were all just sort of nipping in and out. So I sort of bumped into Helen Worth, and I bumped into William Roache. "And it was, it's just lovely, and I haven't stopped nattering to people, to be honest with you!" When asked about the new characters who have joined in the years he had been gone, Martin revealed he already knew one of the cast members previously. "Well, funnily enough, although they are not new news, they are new in Corrie to me, but it's Joe Duttine. "I went to drama school with him, and in sort of 30-year careers, we've never worked together. And I just think his character is brilliant. I love it. I'd really like to work with Joe." Will Martin's prayers be answered? Could Spider be revealed as Tim's long-lost brother, putting even more pressure on his life and heart condition? DON'T MISS...Corrie's Tony Maudsley issues update after lorry smashes into his car [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Nicky Wheatley pregnant with Peter's baby [LATEST]Coronation Street's Spider star pays sweet tribute to Emily actress [WATCH]  It isn't known whether Tim has any siblings, but it could turn his world upside down if he finds out he had a brother all these years. During Friday's episode, viewers have already become suspicious of Spider's intentions after overhearing a suspicious call from him. As Toyah left the room, he answered the cryptic phone call, and it seemed he was meant to be somewhere else, however, revealed he wouldn't be able to make it to where he was meant to be going. He was heard telling the person their plan was still in motion and that whatever it was they had planned would be going ahead. Could this phone call be connected to his relationship with Tim? Viewers took to their Twitter accounts to theorise what they thought the conversation could have been about. @Kirstyackles666 claimed: "What if Spider has been called in as a witness against Toyah at Toyah's murder trial?" @CxxPIPxx suggested: "Wonder if it's Spider and/or his associates trolling Maria?" Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.