While many perceive the UK to be an expensive country to live - it only makes it to number 27. Despite the cost of living crisis making many Britons miserable, countries such as Australia, Ireland and France are more expensive according to latest research. Moving to another country is an appealing prospect for many but it's worth checking out just how expensive it’s going to be before booking that flight. Maxine, a 24-year-old student from Germany told Express.co.uk how she was shocked to discover her rent is four times as much in the UK and she has a much smaller living space. She said: “It’s definitely more expensive in the UK. “I live in one room with a shared bathroom - in Germany you could have a four bedroom flat for the same price.” READ MORE: State pension age change could affect eligibility for a free bus pass  Pensioners often dream about moving to a sunnier climate to enjoy a more relaxed lifestyle when they retire. However, it’s important to look at the cost of living in different countries so they can thoroughly enjoy their retirement. Numbeo conducted a survey in March this year in a bid to discover the 10 most expensive countries to live. It looked at the cost of transportation, clothing, accommodation, internet, utility bills, groceries, and eating out. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [ALERT]State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Martin Lewis issues ‘big plea’ to pensioners 'missing out' on top up [UPDATE]State pension headache as Britons are living longer [WARNING] The top 10 most expensive countries are: READ MORE: Universal credit: 25 things you could get for free in July The UK ranked as the 27th most expensive countries to live - however the survey was conducted in March before prices reached the high they are at today. British shoppers have been shocked by the price of everyday items like Lurpak butter which now costs over £7. People are having to make tough choices as petrol prices and energy bills have also skyrocketed. Meanwhile, rising inflation is causing financial pain for lots of Britons and it looks like things are only going to get worse.  More interest rate rises are on the cards, the deputy governor of the Bank of England warned. Sir Jon Cunliffe said that rate setters at the central Bank would do “whatever is necessary” to stop the surge in the cost of living. Meanwhile, the bank’s top economist, Huw Pill, said interest rates may need to rise at a quicker pace to rein in “uncomfortably high” inflation. If the Bank of England lifts rates by a half point to 1.75 percent in August from 1.25 percent, this would be the biggest single rise made by the Bank since it gained independence in 1997.