Netflix’s highly acclaimed sci-fi horror series Stranger Things ended dramatically with fans uncertain about the fate of a beloved character. Despite the number of deaths throughout season four, the show’s creators revealed there was an alternative ending which featured the shocking death of another major character.  WARNING Stranger Things season four spoilers below. After a nearly three-year hiatus, the highly anticipated return of Stranger Things sparked a worldwide frenzy with fans across the world. The show’s fourth season introduced its latest villain, Vecna, which used unexpected methods to torment and kill the young people of Hawkins. However, the fearless group of friends also made their comeback to defeat Vecna with the hopes of restoring peace in their city. Throughout season four fans were left heartbroken after the deaths of numerous characters, including Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn). READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Stranger Things creators The Duffer Brothers revealed viewers would have been even more devastated had they chosen to go with an alternative ending. In a major revelation, they unveiled a different finale which would have seen the death of Dimitri Antonov, also known as Enzo (Tom Wlaschiha). Enzo made his introduction in the latest instalment as a Russian prison guard who formed a bond with Jim Hopper (David Harbour). He became a fan-favourite after helping Hopper escape the prison and find his way back to Hawkins where he reunited with Joyce Byres (Winona Ryder).  In an interview with Collider, Matt Duffer disclosed: “In terms of who makes it, who lives or dies. I think there was a version where Dimitri, AKA Enzo, didn’t make it. “Then he ended up making it, but that’s [the most] radical of a departure from the original idea versus what we ended up with.” As for Eddie, he met his devastating death after trying to help his friends escape, after coming under attack by a swarm of demobats. The bats first swirled outside the trailer, before eventually finding an entry and while Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) found a way out, Eddie decided to stay behind and fight them till the death.  DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [INSIGHT]Stranger Things creators appear to confirm Max Mayfield theory [THEORY]Stranger Things season 5: Sadie Sink gives disappointing update [INSIGHT] In an interview with Metro, Joseph Quinn opened up about his character’s death and revealed he had no clue it was going to happen. He said: “I had no idea, really. I knew that I wasn’t optioned. “I had a feeling that we would finish his arc this season, I couldn’t have imagined the manner in which he would leave, but yeah, I think it’s a weird thing. “It’s kind of bittersweet, I would love to go back to that set and to see those people again.”  The actor added: “But sometimes there’s a beautiful arc that they’ve written and he’s such an empathetically written role and they’re very rare, these kind of roles. “It feels a little bit like a lottery ticket and I feel incredibly grateful, but it’s a shame not to be able to come back. Onwards.” Quinn hinted at a potential season five return: “He’s great fun to play and they’re great people to play with. “So yeah, I would be up for coming back, but it feels like his story’s been told, slightly, to me,” he concluded. Stranger Things is available on Netflix. 