Chelsea duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Christian Pulisic both appeared in the club's brand new kit launch on Thursday, but there was no place for Hakim Ziyech amid speculation that the trio could be the latest to leave Stamford Bridge following Todd Boehly's takeover. The footage may provoke mixed feelings for Blues fans, based on the notion that an exit-linked star would likely be omitted if their departure was expected imminently. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has seen his squad deplete over the past few weeks, with star defenders Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen jetting off to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. His club-record signing has also fled, with Romelu Lukaku heading back to Inter Milan on loan after a miserable reunion in west London. While returning loaness such as Conor Gallagher, Armando Broja and Ethan Ampadu could ensure that Tuchel at least has enough numbers to work with, Boehly is yet to splash the cash on new recruits. There may be more futures to figure out before the club can start introducing new faces, however, with Pulisic, Azpilicueta and Hakim Ziyech among those linked with moves elsewhere. JUST IN: Arsenal stance on Serge Gnabry transfer emerges as Man Utd 'look at deal for £50m winger' In a promotional video celebrating the club's kit launch that emerged on Thursday morning, there were prominent roles for both Pulisic and Azpilicueta. The former is linked with Juventus, and has reportedly cropped up in the Blues' negotiations to sign Matthijs de Ligt from the Turin giants. The latter, meanwhile, has been strongly linked to Barcelona for some time, but their financial struggles could prevent a move happening over the coming weeks. Both stars were given prominent roles in the kit launch video, smiling and laughing among the likes of Reece James, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz. DON'T MISS...De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problemChelsea could still sign De Ligt as Bayern firm on transfer refusalMan Utd 'improve Antony transfer bid' as star eyed to replace Ronaldo There was no place for Ziyech as speculation grows that he could leave Chelsea before the start of next season. Tuchel and Boehly are reportedly prepared to sanction his exit after the Moroccan failed to stamp his authority on the first team, and AC Milan are among those thought to be eyeing up a bid. Although Chelsea's exit list is set to grow, fans may not have to wait too much longer before they can finally welcome in some new recruits. And the club aren't half-hearting it, either, with links to Raheem Sterling and Cristiano Ronaldo currently making the most noise. Chelsea and Sterling have already arrived at an agreement on personal terms, and the Manchester City winger has supposedly sold his house up north as he prepares to relocate to the capital. It is thought that the deal is on the verge of completion, with the Sky Blues set to pocket around £45million. As for Ronaldo, the wantaway Manchester United star failed to report back for pre-season training due to family reasons, and Chelsea are believed to be putting together a £14m bid. Boehly and Ronaldo's agent, Jorge Mendes, have already held talks over a move which would send shockwaves through the Premier League.