The thunderstorms could affect Yorkshire and Humber, North East England, Dumfries, Galloway, Lothian & Borders. The forecasted thunderstorms could bring disruption this afternoon from lightning strikes and strong, gusty winds. Met Office warned that under such conditions, buildings and structures can be damaged and power supplies may be interrupted by the lightning strikes. Sudden strong and gusty winds may also cause damage to temporary structures, with a small chance of flying debris. There is also a small chance that lightning strikes could trigger wildfires which could cause damage to infrastructure and property. READ MORE: Village on brink of being engulfed by huge fire The extremely high temperatures roasting the country are unprecedented, with a new provisional UK record temperature of 40.3C recorded today at Coningsby, in Lincolnshire, according to the Met Office. Speaking to Express.co.uk last week, British Weather Services senior meteorologist Jim Dale, predicted that the severe heat could produce an equally severe breakdown. Mr Dale explained that this is linked to the high levels of humidity that could come along with the record-breaking temperatures. He told Express.co.uk: “Given the fact that we're going to see temperatures knocking on the door of the UK record, there's every chance that the breakdown might produce severe weather. “Monday and Tuesday look very humid and that’s when thunderstorms will start breaking out sporadically across France - some of those will arguably move into Britain. “England and southern Wales will be affected, with the south coast being the first main hit.” Speaking of the phenomena that this breakdown could bring, he added: “With thunderstorms can come lightning, gusty winds, hail, torrential downpours, and even tornadoes.” DON'T MISS: UK fires: Serious blazes across Britain in heatwaveUK storm forecast: Tracker maps show lightning, hail and TORNADOESUK washout: Exact time torrid 40C heatwave to be shattered by storm Today's yellow warning is in place from 4pm to 8pm and affects the regions: North East England SW Scotland, Lothian Borders Yorkshire & Humber Another warning is issued for tomorrow, Wednesday, from 1pm to 9pm, affecting the following regions: East Midlands East of England London & South East England South West England West Midlands Following Met Office's thunderstorms warning, National Highways issued a call to all drivers ahead of the thunder downpours expected. National Highways urged motorists to "prepare for all eventualities during the extreme weather conditions amid warnings that thunderstorms and heavy downpours could follow this week’s record high temperatures". In an announcement, the service said: "We're repeating our call for motorists to carry out vehicle checks before they set off and carry drinking water with them with soaring temperatures continuing across the country. "The Met Office has advised that extreme heat can also bring variables of weather and says thunderstorms and showers could occur later in the day and overnight once temperatures have peaked. "Sudden rainfall onto hot and dry roads can make conditions on the road slippery for drivers because oil and grease build up through the hot weather, so motorists are asked to take extra care. "When driving in heavy rain and waterlogged roads, motorists are urged to slow down and keep well back from the vehicle in front. They should also ease off the accelerator, slowing down gradually if the steering becomes unresponsive."