A total of 22 groups back the National Rejoin March which is set to take place on September 10 in London. Campaigners want a referendum on Britain rejoining the European Union or re-entering the bloc's single market. The aim of the march is to unite supporters of the EU and show that there is strength in numbers. Co-organiser Peter Corr said: "The Brexit [Express readers] were sold was a lie. We can see that now. "So let's get our country back on track and rejoin at least the single market." He claimed Britain is worse off after Brexit with stagnant wages, high inflation made worse by the UK's exit from the EU and housing which is still difficult to obtain.  Mr Corr added that key, traditional industries such as fishing, farming and logistics are being "crippled". He said the backers of the march include people who had voted to leave the EU in 2016, but have since changed their minds. Official partners listed on the march website include UK Rejoin the EU Ltd, Stay European, 16 Million Rising Radio, Grassroots for Europe, EUnite, Catharine Kingcome, Bremain in Spain, Sputnik Rat and Leeds for Europe. Express.co.uk readers reacted with fury to news of the march.  READ MORE ABOUT FEARS OVER PRINCE HARRY'S APPEARANCE The taxilady fumed: "Tough. We've LEFT. Get used to it. Or try again in 50 years." Fellow reader ANGIE chimed in: "Almost a million people from all over the country marched through central London on 22.10.2019, trying to force the Government into giving them a ‘final say’ referendum on the Brexit deal. That march failed." "The remoaners are so fragmented now that they have had to combine their pitiful 22 remoaner groups to march once again on London." PeteBeds67 said: "Boo-hoo, the referendum didn't go the way we wanted so we're gonna scream and scream and scream until we get our own way!"  DON'T MISS: Cheapest place to get Nescafe coffee as jars hit a whopping £8.75 [REVEALED] M25 CHAOS as eco-mob TIE themselves to overhead motorway signs [REPORT] Family's devastation after entire home destroyed in wildfires [LATEST] Fellow reader virginiapinkn added: "[W]e were born to be independent... another 5 years and they'll wonder what all the fuss was about... by then, it will have ceased to be of any importance whatsoever." Exlancslad wrote: "The UK is much better being an independent nation not just another state in the EU." Man in oz said: "Some people in Britain obviously want [Brexit] to fail. They can see that the best way to achieve that is to go back to the EU, which is failing before your very eyes." Other Express.co.uk readers stood by their Leave vote, arguing that rejoining the bloc would be undemocratic after a majority voted Leave in the 2016 referendum.  Milton keynes mum wrote: "I voted out and would do so again. Never wanted to be in the EC, not the EEC, nor the EU. Glad we are out." Tabjunklies insisted: "Brexit is done, people need to get over it and accept the vote." L65 added: "NO, NO, NO! There was a democratic vote and the majority voted to leave. We must stick by that otherwise democracy is dead in this country." AllTorque commented: "When they gather 17.4 million followers, force a referendum and win it we will listen, you know democracy. Otherwise it is just obtuse noise." 