While it's said there's no rest for the wicked, it appears that's also the case for Tottenham's club doctors. The Spurs staff will once again be called into action this weekend to oversee Clement Lenglet's scheduled medical as Antonio Conte continues his seismic squad shake-up this summer.   The Barcelona centre-back is set to be the latest arrival in the white half of north London as his imminent season-long loan move nears completion. According to Mundo Deportivo, the French defender has permission from the Spanish club to conclude his move this weekend. The Spanish outlet also assert that the 27-year-old has already travelled to London in order to complete his medical examination over the coming days. Lenglet is expected to be presented as a Spurs player early next week, providing all goes well. Tottenham's medical staff have been the busiest among the Premier League's 20 clubs this summer having already checked over four new signings. Spurs snapped up free transfers Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic at the start of the summer and have since added Yves Bissouma, after striking a £25million deal with Brighton, and Richarlison, who joined from Everton in a £60m deal on Friday. JUST IN: William Saliba's 'leaked' Arsenal shirt number provides huge hint on team-mate's future  The club's doctors are expected to be called into action again over the coming days and weeks. Tottenham are also understood to be closing in on a £15million deal for highly-rated Middlesborough wing-back Djed Spence, with the 21-year-old additionally expected to undergo a medical imminently. With regard to Lenglet, Conte is understood to have played a key role in convincing the former Sevilla defender to opt for north London amid claims the Barcelona centre-back snubbed a number of other proposals in order to join the Italian's ranks. The Tottenham boss was reportedly promised six signings this summer by club chairman Daniel Levy with a left-footed centre-back high up on the agenda. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough  Lenglet fits that profile and is a player who also possesses a wealth of experience having spent four years with the Spanish giants after the Blaugrana signed him for a fee in the region of £31m from fellow La Liga side Sevilla back in the summer of 2018. The 15-time French international mustered just 26 appearances last season after falling down Barcelona's pecking order. The cash-strapped Catalan club are desperate to cut down their wage bill this summer as their crippling financial crisis continues. Lenglet is expected to be one of a number of players exiting the Nou Camp over the coming months. 