Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have remained under the spotlight despite distancing themselves from their previous royal roles by stepping down in March 2020. Despite saying they wanted to establish themselves as private individuals, royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti suggested the pair may seek to keep the public attention on them to secure the money "they need to live the way they want to." He also suggested the couple is aware the next generation of Royal Family members, including their nephews George and Louis, and niece Charlotte, could soon steal away the focus off them and their work. Mr Sacerdoti continued: "They know their time is possibly limited. "There's an interesting thing Prince Harry said ages ago that he kind of knew that he had a certain amount of time in the limelight, his 15 minutes. "And eventually Prince Louis, Prince George, Princess Charlotte would become the new, interesting characters. "And he knows that because he once was the spare to the heir." READ MORE: Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues scathing rant against Duke - WATCH He added: "And now he's talking about the new heir, that is to say, William's children, William's son, who will become of interest and there'll be a new Prince Harry. "There'll somebody else who may be as rudderless, directionless because of their position in the succession is such that they're limited to what they can do in life but they don't have an obvious constitutional role going forward and in the Royal Family so maybe they'll go off the rails." Speaking to The Sunday Times, a friend of the Duke of Sussex said: "Harry has always been in such a rush to make an 'impact' because he thinks he has a limited shelf-life before the public want to hear more from George and his siblings and he worries that after that, he’ll turn into his uncle." Harry and Meghan have struck several multi-million deals with media giants like Spotify and Netflix to produce educational programmes and podcasts. DON'T MISS: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan [LIVE BLOG]Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’? [POLL]With friends like Joe Biden Britain doesn't need enemies PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT]  The Duke of Sussex is expected to make is producing debut later this year with a documentary on his work with the Invictus Games. He is also set to release an autobiography about life in the Royal Family, and the path out of the monarchy. The Duchess of Sussex was originally scheduled to help produce the animated series Pearl but the project was later shelved due to Netflix suffering considerable losses earlier in the year. She was announced as the host of a new Spotify podcast produced by Archewell audio titled Archetypes but a release date has yet to be confirmed.