Arsenal have been told to pay up to £67.5million (€80m) for Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta. However, the club's technical director Edu has made it clear he will not offer that much for the Brazil international. Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder and Lyon star Paqueta is the latest to be linked with a move to the Emirates. The Gunners have already signed two Brazilians this summer in striker Gabriel Jesus and young winger Marquinhos. Paqueta has impressed in his two seasons at Lyon since joining from AC Milan in 2020. But he will not come cheap for teams interested in signing him. Goal Brazil says Lyon want £67.5m cash for the player but understand it may be difficult to get their full asking price. Arsenal are yet to make an offer, although Edu has informed Paqueta's representatives that the north Londoners are interested. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea announcement, Cristiano Ronaldo update  Lyon must lower their asking price in order for Arsenal to push through with their interest. Paqueta still has three years remaining on his contract with the Ligue 1 club, so there is no great pressure to sell. Paqueta came through the academy at Brazilian club Flamengo and spent three years as a professional player there. He made 44 appearances for Milan in an 18-month spell before making the switch to France. He has been capped 33 times for Brazil, scoring seven goals. His ability to score from midfield has also been prominent at Lyon. Paqueta has netted 21 times in 78 appearances in all competitions for the French side. He could add to the growing Brazilian contingent at Arsenal, with centre-back Gabriel and forward Gabriel Martinelli already regulars in Mikel Arteta's side. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearMan Utd think they already have four players who can fix major Erik ten Hag problemChelsea 'reach agreement' on second transfer as Todd Boehly effect kicks in  Arsenal signed Jesus from City last week for a fee of £45m. And Edu outlined his reasoning for signing his compatriot. He told the Arsenal website: “We are delighted that we have secured the transfer of Gabriel. Everyone who knows football well, knows the qualities of Gabriel Jesus. "Gabriel is a player who we have admired for a long time now. He is 25 years old and an established Brazil international who has consistently demonstrated that he is a player at a very high level. We look forward to seeing him join up with his new teammates ahead of the new season. We all welcome Gabriel to Arsenal.” 