Raheem Sterling is on the cusp of sealing a stunning £45million move to Chelsea after the Londoners beat off competition from a host of top European clubs to a deal for the England ace - including Liverpool. Sterling first rose to prominence during a previous spell at Anfield, and Reds boss Jurgen Klopp would have yielded a formidable forward line if the club had managed to strike a deal to bring their former star back to Merseyside. After seven trophy-laden years at Manchester City, Sterling is now 27-year-olds and in the prime of his career. Despite his consistency, Sterling was not excused from Pep Guardiola's infamous rotation policy and has been craving a move to a club where he would be seen as a focal point rather than expendable. Although Liverpool already boast an abundance of attacking talent, reports claim they were 'keen' on re-signing Sterling, who would have been the perfect addition to an already omnipotent squad. Here, Express Sport takes a look at how the Reds could have lined up with Sterling... Since he arrived at Anfield for big money back in the summer of 2018, Alisson has established himself as one of the Premier League's top shot-stoppers. The Brazilian goalkeeper has been an integral part of the Reds' recent success and is unlikely to be usurped anytime soon. The £75million signing of Virgil van Dijk was a major turning point for Liverpool in their quest to take things to the next level, and the Dutchman has marshalled the Reds' defence superbly. Joel Matip has established himself as Van Dijk's primary partner over the past few seasons, and with Ibrahima Konate waiting in the wings, Liverpool are well-stocked for the future. READ MORE: De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problem Liverpool's full-backs are some of the most effective in Europe and it's hard to imagine upgrades being being found for Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andrew Robertson anytime soon. It says everything about the strength of Liverpool's backline that their focus in the transfer market has been elsewhere this summer, bar the £4m signing of Calvin Ramsey for the future. Liverpool were plagued by injury issues in midfield last year, but when everybody is fit and available, the trio of Fabinho, Thiago Alcantara and Jordan Henderson are untouchable. Fabinho and Henderson keep things ticking over in the middle, while Thiago has already shown that his extensive passing range is the perfect ammunition for the Reds relentless forward line. DON'T MISS...De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problemChelsea could still sign De Ligt as Bayern firm on transfer refusalMan Utd 'improve Antony transfer bid' as star eyed to replace Ronaldo Although there is scope for Liverpool to strengthen in midfield, Klopp also has the likes of Naby Keita and Curtis Jones waiting in the wings; both of whom are more than capable of making an impact in the engine room. With Sterling's versatility, Klopp could have deployed the forward in a whole host of ways. The Reds shelled out £85m to bring Darwin Nunez to the club last month and the Uruguayan is primed to play as an orthodox No 9. The prospect of Nunez, who bagged 34 goals for Benfica last year, alongside Sterling and Mohamed Salah in a front three is a pretty formidable one. Having two established Premier League marksman would have helped the 23-year-old transition seamlessly into life in the top-flight. But if Nunez was struggling to adapt to the rigours of the Premier League, then Sterling has shown down the years at the Etihad that he is just as adept at filling in centrally; either as an orthodox striker or as a false nine. That would have enabled Klopp to deploy Luis Diaz alongside Sterling and Salah in a fluid forward line that would have given many European defences nightmares. Potential starting XI (4-3-3): Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson; Fabinho, Thiago, Henderson; Salah, Nunez, Sterling