Currently, people across the UK are struggling to cope with an inflation rate which is at a 40-year high and continuously rising energy bills. Inflation stands at 9.4 percent and is expected to reach as high as 11 percent by the end of the year, and energy bills are forecast to rise to £3,200 by October. The increase in the cost of living is putting further pressure on households as wages remain stagnant, forcing people to take on side hustles. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Amrit Sandhu, 46, from Ealing shared how taking on a side hustle has led to him being better off. Mr Sandhu explained: “I was aiming to earn more. I was in a situation where I had to run the family business and had to take a pay cut. “I felt stuck. I tried so many things that had failed – painting, SEO, videography - then eventually one thing worked, voice acting through Fiverr. “Going on the platform made me see myself as a pro, something shifted in me and then the world responded to that and with more practice, I got better and it really took off from there.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Sharing his background, Mr Sandhu addressed why he made the decision to take on a side hustle in the first place using Fiverr, an app for freelance services. He added: “I wasn’t in a good place mentally. I needed to grow my income. I wanted to be in a position to have some surplus money to be able to afford the little luxuries (for example treating my family to eating out without worrying about costs) . “The side income made that possible. Fiverr elevated the meaning of ‘side hustle’ to me to be honest, and the results have been amazing.” As it stands, the biggest issue affecting the country is the cost of living crisis and someone like Amrit is also affected by it.  According to him, taking on a side hustle and this “new source of income’ has been essential in helping relieve the stress of paying soaring energy bills and inflation-hiked grocery prices. “It’s a really tough time for people and I feel so lucky that I established a new source of income as now, I don’t feel I have to worry about earning enough to cover bills as much as I would have before,” Mr Sandhu said. “I’ve been doing this voice acting side hustle since January 2020 and have been able to earn far beyond my expectations - earning around six figures. “This income takes away the headache of worrying about added expenditure; a feeling I was very familiar with before I joined Fiverr. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “The money I earn from my side hustle hasn’t gone exclusively to bills as I’m very fortunate to be able to do more than just pay my bills. “I’ve turned my side hustle into a major income driver and a full-blown career, I’ve built my own business around it. "It’s crazy as my original goal when starting this side hustle was to bring in an extra £1,000 a month.” On managing the workload between his primary job and side hustle, he said: “When I started, I was running my family business and could only really dedicate two to three hours a day extra to work on a side hustle. “I, of course, had to be more flexible when the demand was higher, and I’m glad I did as it paid off. "Now, I find it even more manageable as I’ve established myself on the platform as top-rated seller. “It really goes to show that if you can deliver quality work and earn those customer reviews, your profile can skyrocket.”