Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong’s agent wants Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain to enter the bidding for the midfielder, according to reports. Manchester United have agreed a fee for the 25-year-old. However, there’s still no guarantee he’ll end up making the move to Old Trafford. Barcelona want to get De Jong off their books this summer. The fact he earns £354,000-a-week, coupled with their need to balance their finances, has led to the La Liga giants making the decision on his future. United have been pursuing the 25-year-old all summer long, with Erik ten Hag driving interest from afar having previously managed De Jong at Ajax. There have been suggestions the Netherlands international is reluctant to move to Old Trafford, however, with a lack of Champions League football a factor. That’s something the Red Devils can’t offer De Jong due to their sixth-placed finish last term and, now, ESPN say his representatives want two other clubs to join the bidding. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings One of them is Chelsea, who won the famous trophy as recently as 2021. The Blues were unable to challenge for the Premier League title last term and are determined to compete for the biggest honours under new owner Todd Boehly. So far, they’ve focused on bolstering their defence - with Kalidou Koulibaly and Nathan Ake primed to join. They also pushed through a deal for Raheem Sterling, who has touched down from Manchester City. But Chelsea may be tempted to swoop for De Jong, especially given the immense qualities and talent of the Barcelona star. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong The second team the midfielder’s camp want to bring in to the bidding is PSG. The Ligue 1 giants were interested in landing the Netherlands international back in 2019, when it became clear he’d leave Ajax. Yet though PSG would love to sign De Jong, FFP rules could work against them. They’d likely need to sell Neymar, who has been deemed surplus to requirements providing the right offer arrives. However, the Brazil international has shown little appetite to quit and is expected to now stay at the Parc des Princes. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Whether the two teams now try and land De Jong from under United’s noses remains to be seen. But the Red Devils, for their part, are still confident they’ll be able to bring the midfielder to Old Trafford. United are also set to sign Lisandro Martinez from Ajax, while they believe Christian Eriksen will put pen to paper on a three-year deal as well. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Jamie Redknapp thinks he’d be a major signing for United if they’re able to get a deal over the line. “I’d put him in the top two or three midfielders in the world,” he told Sky Sports on Thursday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think he’s an unbelievable signing. “He went to Barcelona it didn’t quite work out, for a number of reasons, but it doesn’t mean he's not an incredible player. “He’s young, and having worked so closely with the manager at Ajax, he’ll play just in front of the back four and he’s the sort of player that’ll make things happen and drive with the ball. “He’s so creative with his passing, got real pace as well, I think he’s going to be an amazing signing for them. “I’m really excited about that for the Premier League.”  “I think he’s an unbelievable signing. “He went to Barcelona it didn’t quite work out, for a number of reasons, but it doesn’t mean he's not an incredible player. “He’s young, and having worked so closely with the manager at Ajax, he’ll play just in front of the back four and he’s the sort of player that’ll make things happen and drive with the ball. “He’s so creative with his passing, got real pace as well, I think he’s going to be an amazing signing for them. “I’m really excited about that for the Premier League.”