Amy (played by Natalie Ann Jamieson) has been enjoying a romance with Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) for a while on Emmerdale, with the pair seemingly unbreakable. Despite Moira Barton's (Natalie J Robb) problems with the Dingles and Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) returning to the ITV soap last year, they have managed to keep everything on an even keel. However, when a hurdle comes their way in upcoming episodes, it could be the mother of one who ends up seeking comfort from her friend, Ryan Stocks (James Moore). The drama begins in next week's episodes as Matty is acting out of character, being rather moody than his positive, bubbly self. It seems Amy will catch on to the apparent change in her boyfriend and her concern for him will lead her to seek answers. She will go to Ryan as she knows he will have spoken to Matty at some point but this line of questioning doesn't go down too well. When Matty hears what his girlfriend has been up to, he loses it and snaps at her, showing a very different side to his character. As his anger boils over, he ends up kicking a chair which goes flying across the Hide, leaving onlookers in shock at the scene. READ MORE: ITV shuts down X Factor reboot claims as revival reports emerge Not having a clue what's going on, Amy could feel quite hurt by what she has witnessed and been subjected to by her boyfriend. However, with Matty regretting what he did, he confides in his mother Moira, who doe she best to appease the young man. Knowing why her son acted as he did, she encourages him to be honest with his girlfriend about what's going on with him. Unfortunately, the impact of the scene he made at the Hide could have led Amy to make a decision about her relationship. Needing some support and comfort of her own, Amy could have ended up going back to Ryan's place to talk some more about the matter. With the drinks flowing and the conversation getting emotional, Amy could have made a move on Ryan, betraying her boyfriend in the process. By the end of the night, the two characters could have slept together and when she wakes up in the morning, Amy would be full of remorse. Even though Matty was angry with her for talking about personal matters with Ryan, she still loves him and doesn't know what possessed her to sleep with her friend. Agreeing to keep their night of passion a secret, Amy could go running back to Matty and hear him out about what he's been acting differently. She could be mortified when she finds out the truth with her own behaviour as she knows her boyfriend wouldn't have deserved her betrayal. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS] Despite putting to the back of her mind, the mother of one could start to experience symptoms of morning sickness, leading her to take a pregnancy test. When the result comes back positive, she could be devastated as she knows the baby would be Ryan's and she would have to explain herself. Not wanting to harbour the secret any longer, the young mother could decide to tell her boyfriend everything before Ryan. Although he would be angry, he could also see it as an opportunity for the pair to have a family of their own, something they have always wanted. Matty would plead with his partner not to tell Ryan the truth and to tell everyone they had used a sperm donor to get pregnant. However, how long will it take before Ryan puts the pieces of the puzzle together and realises he is the baby's real father? Matty and Amy's relationship is one which has never been explored on the soap before, with the pair navigating a queer romance. With Matty being a transgender man, the actress who plays Amy, Natalie Ann, explained: "I am incredibly proud to play a small part of that story. "Matty is a transgender man and following on from what we have previously discussed social pressures can also be put on transgender people. "I have observed online abuse – that’s unacceptable and it’s another thing we need to look at. We need to think about why we are putting pressure on people – it’s the same thing isn’t it – it’s their body, it’s their business." "Matty is going on a journey of transitioning and it’s the first time we have seen that process on a soap," she continued. "And even if you don’t know a transgender person, there will be a lot of things in this story on a human level that people will be able to relate to or understand. "I hope this story will help people to show more compassion and empathy. People say horrible things online because they think they can because they don’t know that person," she told Metro.co.uk. However, will the beloved couple be able to make it past the betrayal if Amy does end up sleeping with Ryan? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.