Debbie (played by Charley Webb) was last seen in Emmerdale after being exposed as Al Chapman's (Michael Wildman) secret lover and she was also involved in Sarah Sugden's (Katie Hill) drug story. The beloved ITV soap character left the village just days before her grandmother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) returned following an 18-month absence. However, having not seen each other in years, they could finally be reunited as the matriarch of the Dingle family prepares to bid farewell to her loved ones after being diagnosed with terminal cancer. The last time Debbie saw her grandmother was in 2019 when the villager moved up to Scotland to run a garage left to her in Lisa Dingle's (Jane Cox) will. This was before it was revealed Faith had known about Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) long-lost son, Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter), for years. Having not told Cain about his secret child, Faith was exiled from the Dales before she made her return last year with the help of Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb). It's a shame the two characters haven't seen more of each other in recent years as they were once extremely close because of Sarah. In fact, when Sarah needed proton beam therapy after being diagnosed with throat cancer, Faith paid £20,000 for the treatment. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen on 'isolating' Ravenseat challenges With Debbie on police bail at the time the treatment had been approved, Faith went with Sarah to Prague and acted as her chaperone. Everyone thought this was a success, but Sarah ended up developing heart failure, which was an extremely rare side effect of having chemotherapy. Faith was always there by her great-granddaughter's side and although Debbie might have flown off the handle at her, she was appreciative of her grandmother's help. Therefore, it would only make sense in Faith's hour of need, Debbie could repay the favour by being there with her at the end. It's not been confirmed if Debbie is returning for the storyline but as Faith takes a turn for the worse, loved ones past and present could turn up in the village to say goodbye. The actress who plays Faith, Sally, has hinted at this in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media after her character told her family about the cancer. Sally said: "It was an enormous relief [for her to tell them]. She doesn't know really how long she's got and so every minute is precious. "She loves [her family] unconditionally," she added, referring to the fact Faith has a place in her heart for every single member of the clan. Adding to this, the actress who plays Chas Dingle, Lucy Pargeter, also revealed how her character wants to bring them all together. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she explained "They don't know how much time she has been given." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] "They just know she's been diagnosed with cancer and it's terminal. So I think it's going to be quite a while I think if any bridges are going to be built in that relationship," the soap star said. "But Chas is very keen to keep flogging it to get Cain back into his mum's life," she explained and viewers have already seen the mother and son duo getting on better. However, it could be Chas who gets in contact with her niece to bring her back into the fold as Faith takes a turn for the worse. It could be Faith wants to see all her loved ones one last time before she goes so she could hold out to see Debbie return. Will Faith get her final wish before it's too late? The actress who plays Debbie, Charley, confirmed earlier this year she would not be returning to the weeknight serial drama. Taking to Instagram in January, Charley replied to a follower's question about whether she was planning a longer comeback. Charley explained: "This is always my most asked question but I've never answered it before because I've never wanted to make a big deal of it. "I left to have Ace [two] years ago. I went back at the end of last year for 10 weeks to complete a storyline. "So, I guess officially it's been a year. I never felt the need to announce it which is why we didn't," she continued to explain. This doesn't necessarily mean she wouldn't rule out making a few guest appearances here and there but she is unlikely to have a storyline of her own. Returning to the village would also allow her to be there to support her daughter, Sarah, following Faith's death which will hit her hard. Having been absent from her daughter's life for over a year, Debbie could reestablish she will always be there for the youngster. Whether or not she buries the hatchet with some other characters, like her former lover Al, is yet to be seen or whether she will be the one to find out he is having an affair with Chas. No matter what, a return for Debbie would certainly be explosive. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.