Fern Britton has received countless messages of support from her followers as she told how she is taking part in a local competition in the village she moved to following her split from ex-husband Phil Vickery. In view of her 116,000 followers, the former This Morning presenter, 65, shared an insight into her Saturday. Fern wrote: "The village produce show today! "I’ve been up since 6." She went on to tell how she had made "mint jelly, quiche, dahlias all in the boot. READ MORE: Neighbours fans voice confusion over Kylie Minogue's appearance "These are my eating apples. Wish me luck. Xxx," she ended her post. The star also shared a snap of six juicy looking green apples as she revealed she'd already packed her car with everything else. Following her post, Fern's followers soon inundated her with messages of support, wishing her good luck in the show. Twitter user @cm_bagot replied: " [I] do love a show like this. Hope you get a prize Fern." @mc_kinnon8 suggested: "Very best of luck. You could always make an apple crumble later." While @YbreareyYvonne commented: "@Fern_Britton Good luck Fern! Have a lovely day." @kinfauns67 added: "Best of luck.....I love a show." Fern responded: "Me too! It’s such a pleasure to see what everyone has achieved and the friendly competition xx." DON'T MISS... Martin Roberts reassures Homes Under the Hammer fans after accident [INSIGHT]Kimberley Garner puts on incredibly leggy display in daring dress [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [UPDATE] It comes after Fern told how she moved to Cornwall following hers and Phil's split at the start of 2020. The best-selling author revealed ex Phil remained in their Buckinghamshire home while she moved to start a new life on the coast. Last year, Fern opened up on the turmoil she's experienced over the past three years which included her split from her husband of 20 years. Fen said: "Yes I’m not afraid of change. The last three years have been very hard; I lost my parents, I lost my marriage. "I lost my other home in Buckinghamshire, too, because Phil lives there now and I’m in Cornwall." But the move wasn't so bad as she made new friends and is now fronting her own show over on Channel 5, My Cornwall. "The magic I’ve found here is incredible," she beamed. "I’ve made some wonderful girlfriends and that’s been a lovely surprise," she said to Good Housekeeping.