The latest election tracker poll for Express.co.uk shows Sir Keir Starmer's party retains a nine-point lead over the Government. The survey by TechneUK found that if there was an election tomorrow, 41 percent of the public would back Labour. Out of the 1,629 people across the UK online on July 20 and July 21, 32 percent said they would support the Tories. The Lib Dems would be backed by 12 percent, the Greens by six percent and the SNP by six percent. Both Labour and the Tories saw their support increase by one percent when compared to Express.co.uk's previous election tracker poll conducted on July 14. Labour failed to increase their lead despite the Conservatives spending the week locked in the bitter battle to replace Boris Johnson. READ MORE: Sunak would 'divide' party and LOSE next election in 'double disaster' Candidates vying for the top job exchanged blows in two heated televised debates on Channel 4 and ITV. Rishi Sunak accuse Liz Truss of socialist policies and label Penny Mordaunt as more extreme than Jeremy Corbyn. Meanwhile, the Foreign Secretary accused the former Chancellor of plunging Britain into a recession. Kemi Badenoch claimed Ms Mordaunt was lying over her views on transgender rights. A further debate due to take place on Sky News was cancelled after candidates pulled out in order to avoid more toxic exchanges. One Tory MP told Express.co.uk earlier this week: "The only ones benefitting from these debates are the Labour Party." DON'T MISS:Liz Truss MUST inspire the nation and keep Starmer out of No10 [COMMENT]Tax cut NIGHTMARE awaits Tory leadership winner [INSIGHT]Liz Truss left red-faced by infant during campaign visit [WATCH]  Another added: "I'm not surprised they intervened to cancel another debate. "Starmer must have been laughing all the way through the first two." The latest poll results suggest Tory MPs' worst fears never materialised. Sir Keir even had Labour put together a video montage of the biggest clashes between candidates in a stunt aimed at highlighting the party's divide. He also mocked the party's candidates at PMQs on Wednesday afternoon, saying: "I think the truth is this - they organised the TV debates because they thought it would be a great chance for the public to hear from the candidates first hand, then disaster struck because the public actually heard from the candidates first hand." The Labour leader went on to mock and criticise each candidate individually. Mr Johnson responded by saying: "What does it say about him that no-one can name a single policy after three years of the Labour opposition apart from putting up taxes? "He's one of those pointless plastic bollards you find around a deserted roadworks on the motorway."