The Duchess of Sussex has made a number of interventions into US politics since stepping back as a working member of the Royal Family in 2020, lobbying politicians in the country for changes to parental leave and climate policy. Commentator Dan Wootton recalled a conversation he had with one of Meghan Markle's close aides as far back as three years ago, that gave an early glimpse of a possible huge move into US politics. He wrote for Mail Online: "I’ve never forgotten a conversation I had with one of Meghan’s increasingly frustrated close aides in early 2019 as her relationships within the Royal Family turned ever more toxic. "‘I am now convinced there is something bigger going on here – an eventual plan that involves running for office in America,’ the courtier confided. "They added: ‘She’s obsessed with US politics. I think we’re (the Royal Family) now just a stepping stone to something she considers far more important and attractive.’" He said: "After all, what’s bigger than being a princess in the British Royal Family? Becoming the first female President of the United States, of course!" During an interview with Vogue in conversation the feminist Gloria Steinem, which was published earlier this week, Meghan gave yet another possible indication of her plans to enter US politics. She said: "The [presidential] election was coming up soon and we both knew the value of women and everyone getting out to vote. The ripple effect of elections matters so much, and that’s what we’re seeing now, unfortunately." Mr Wootton believes that comment and the interview as a whole "marks a significant upping of Meghan’s political rhetoric, throwing out any pretence of royal neutrality and coming closer to a formal endorsement of the Democrats". Referring to the controversial recent Roe vs Wade ruling, the Duchess added: "We have to channel that fear into action. We can start this November in the midterms. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has aides 'tearing hair up' with hopes for public return "I know hearing that feels so repetitive, but we have to vote, every time, from local elections to state and national elections." Meghan also suggested she and Ms Steinem "will be taking a trip to DC together soon" to advocate for the Equal Rights Amendment. She declared: "Being home, seeing what’s happening in our country and feeling energised and motivated, if this is the type of legislation that we need pushed through, then this is a moment that I am absolutely going to show up for. "Not just because it’s what we need as women, but it’s what we need as people." DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do you think British Monarchy is too expensive? [POLL]Royals 'not budging' on Meghan report - hope debate 'will wither away' [LATEST]Meghan bullying probe slammed as 'derision' grows [COMMENTS] Mr Wootton said "that almost sounds like a future campaign ad for the 2032 Democratic primaries". He concluded: "Meghan is banking on the fact that in a decade the rest of the US would have caught up to the delusional virtue signalling woke politics of California. "She has star power, which will at least get her a hell of a lot of publicity. The only certainty is that Meghan Markle, as the highest profile Democratic political activist in the world, is going to cause even more headaches for the British Royal Family."