His authority is in tatters, his credibility in ruins. Even many members of his Cabinet, including Priti Patel and Michael Gove, have told him that he must go. Last week, Mr Johnson expressed the hope that he would remain in office until the 2030s, a goal that would have required him to emulate multiple election winner Margaret Thatcher. As it turns out, he may end up serving less than three years, only slightly more than Gordon Brown and less than Theresa May, Jim Callaghan and Ted Heath. Yet, with remarkable tenacity, he still clings to office, refusing to surrender power. His defiance is highlighted in wild talk from loyalists about how he will fight another vote of no confidence if one is called by the backbench 1922 Committee and may even try to hold a snap General Election to thwart his internal party detractors, though such a move might be refused by the Queen and could split the Tories, while it would be relished by the Opposition. Speculation about such a desperate tactic shows the desperation of the crisis gripping Downing Street. It is a tragic predicament for a Prime Minister who promised so much on his entry into Downing Street in July 2019. A seasoned politician who had won fame as a writer before he became an MP, he brought an impressive mix of talents to the role, including his gift for language, his historical insight, his rich vein of humour and his ability to inspire loyalty. Above all, he had the ability to reach out to voters far beyond the traditional Tory fold as he had proved in winning two terms as the Mayor of London, usually a Labour citadel. Having taken over from Mrs May, whose Government had been paralysed by the Brexit logjam, Mr Johnson managed through adroit tactics to secure British independence and fulfil the mandate of the 2016 EU referendum. Aided by his maverick chief strategist Dominic Cummings, he defied all predictions of continuing stalemate by reaching a comprehensive trade deal with Brussels, silencing the anti-Brexit rebels in his party, and outmanoeuvring Remainer opponents.  This was the first in a series of triumphs that made him the commanding figure in the British political landscape. The next came in December 2019, when he won a landslide victory in the General Election, gaining a majority of more than 80 and saving the UK from rule by Jeremy Corbyn and his Marxist cabal. The collapse of Labour's so-called Red Wall in the North and the Midlands appeared to presage a new era of Tory dominance. But he had little time to savour his achievement, as the Western world was soon engulfed by the Covid crisis. The Prime Minister himself was struck down by the virus and for several harrowing days was in intensive care. His ordeal not only became a symbol of Britain's fight in the pandemic but also added to his popularity, which was further reinforced by his Government's lead in rolling out the world's first practical vaccine by December 2020.   But by now the first doubts about his leadership were arising. He had been a poor foreign secretary under Mrs May, notorious for his inattention to detail and limited work ethic. Those same flaws could now be seen in Downing Street, made all the worse when he fell out with Mr Cummings, who had combined ruthlessness with a sense of purpose. Chaotic mismanagement in Downing Street was compounded by accusations about a lack of integrity and honesty. Cronyism seemed to take precedence over respect for public money, while two ethics advisers felt compelled to resign because of No 10's indifference to established procedures. One of his Eton masters had written in 1982 that, as a pupil, Johnson believed "he should be free of the network of obligation that binds everyone else". Forty years later, the same words could be applied to him as Prime Minister.  Among many Tories, there were also deepening concerns over the absence of firm political convictions in his Government. The quest for easy popularity resulted in reckless spending, spiralling inflation and vast state bureaucracies. The Prime Minister talked grandly about his commitment to low taxes, but under him the tax burden reached its highest level since the 1940s. Immigration also soared as faith in the criminal justice system collapsed and the woke agenda advanced remorselessly. The alienation of the Conservative base made it all the harder for the Government to cope with the economic crisis when it exploded this year. Similarly, the climate of moral decay in Downing Street was encapsulated in the two recent scandals that have so badly damaged him. Partygate graphically revealed No 10's contempt for the very rules it imposed with such vigour on the British public during the pandemic lockdowns. The saga of Chris Pincher, the deputy whip forced out by allegations of drunken harassment, showed a PM devoid of judgment. Even now, Mr Johnson can still inspire with his leadership, as he demonstrated in his heroic support of the Ukrainian resistance to Russia's invasion. Such nobility is accompanied by his epic stubbornness, which means that, against all odds, he is still Prime Minister. The curtain has yet to fall on the most turbulent premiership of modern times. 