The heat of political intrigue in Parliament today was even more ferocious than the scorching sun outside as Liz Truss made a surprise comeback in the fourth round of an increasingly bitter contest grabbing 15 extra votes. It brought her within just six of Penny Mordaunt who lost a key backer Tobias Ellwood after he had the whip withdrawn for missing yesterday’s vote of confidence. The result means that the 59 supporters of Kemi Badenoch will now decide who goes through to the final two. But seconds after Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee, had announced the latest round, then the conspiracy theories and debates over scurrilous plots were being argued in the corridors of Westminster. For starters, why had a supporter of Ms Mordaunt been suspended because of missing a flight back to Britain to take part in the vote of confidence? Is the Prime Minister trying to affect the result? Whether he is or not, the absence of Ellwood could prove to be crucial. Then there were a number of MPs who believe that Rishi Sunak, whose vote rose just three to 118, lent votes to Ms Truss because he would prefer to face her than Penny Mordaunt whose vote only increased by 10 to 92. It did seem odd. There were many who thought Ms Truss could be eliminated altogether with Ms Badenoch apparently on the rise. Supporters of the Foreign Secretary had spent the morning desperately calling Brexiteers and others on the right to give Ms Truss their vote so they could ensure she got into the final two. This included Lord Frost, former leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith and European Research Group’s Steve Baker. One MP told me: “They were desperate. They thought Liz was going out.” But instead Ms Truss now appears to be in a perfect spot to vacuum up the right-wingers - who mostly made up Ms Badenoch’s support - and surge into the final two after trailing Ms Mordaunt throughout the contest. This in itself caused confusion because Damian Green, a key Tom Tugendhat backer until he went out on Monday, had, according to MPs, suggested two thirds of MPs backing the most pro-Remain candidate would go to Ms Mordaunt. Instead the biggest winner was the hardline Brexiteer champion Ms Truss. "nothing makes sense!" said one MP. It means that there will be a tax cutting, hard Brexiteer on the slate when members of the party get to decide on the final two. READ MORE: Sunak and Mordaunt are real Brexiteers whatever critics may claim But the conspiracies do not end there. Throughout the competition to replace Boris Johnson there have been claims that Michael Gove was running the Badenoch campaign to split the right and essentially stop Attorney General Suella Braverman. One MP said: “When Kemi goes out Gove will roll her into Rishi’s campaign.” Both Gove and Badenoch have denied the claim in interviews and it is a wait and see on who she backs and how her supporters split. But many MPs believe that the contest is being manipulated to “ensure Rishi wins.” DON'T MISS Sunak and Mordaunt are real Brexiteers whatever critics may claim [INSIGHT] POLL: Who should win Tory leadership race as three candidates remain? [REACT] Tory fightback on! 3 point boost for Conservatives - POLL [REVEAL] If votes were lent to Truss today then at least one 'Red-Waller' backing Ms Truss thinks it may have backfired. They said: “It looks bad that Rishi still has not reached the 120 needed to be safely through to the next round. “In theory he could still lose out to Penny and Liz but with the members the likelihood is he would lose to either of them.” Another MP disagreed saying: “For some reason it looks like he thinks he can beat Liz and not Penny.” As a long hot summer beckons for the leadership race, the intrigue, suspicion and conspiracy is not likely to dampen any time soon.