Derek Chisora defeated Kubrat Pulev via a split decision in their rematch on Saturday night as he got his revenge on the Bulgarian. Back in 2016, Pulev won the first fight via a fairly comfortable points win but was out-hustled by Chisora when they met again five years later. For the entire 12 rounds, Chisora vs Pulev was an absolute barnburner and certainly lived up to its billing of ‘Total Carnage’. Chisora found his success in the clash by targeting the body and drawing his man into a dog fight as he opened up multiple cuts above ‘The Cobra’s’ left eye. The London-based boxer set a relentless pace from the off edging out his adversary in the nip and tuck affair through sheer willpower alone. After the fight, Chisora told the fans in attendance at the O2 Arena in London that he is nearing the end of his career and that he wants two more big fights before retirement. Here, Express Sport discusses the three most likely fights for ‘Del Boy’ next. Deontay Wilder During his post-fight interview, Chisora called out Deontay Wilder for a fight later this year. The American puncher is set to return in Autumn after a long layoff following his knockout defeat to Tyson Fury in 2021. Wilder is more likely to face an in-house opponent from his promotional company PBC but there is some genuine appetite for the clash, at least from promoter Eddie Hearn. “I always talk about the Deontay Wilder fight and people call me out for that,” Hearn told talkSPORT before the Pulev fight. “But at the end of the day, Wilder’s going to fight somebody and if Chisora beats Pulev, what are you going to say then?” A Wilder-Chisora clash would certainly be entertaining for as long as it lasts but many including former cruiserweight champion and friend Tony Bellew are concerned about the potential implications of the fight. “I’d rather just see him fight Pulev again,” Bellew revealed during the DAZN broadcast. “I’m not paying for that [a fight with Wilder], I don’t want to see that. Listen, I’m going to back him [Chisora] no matter what but Deontay Wilder is one of the most ferocious punchers the heavyweight division has seen in a long, long time.” Dillian Whyte trilogy A more viable option for Chisora after beating Pulev is a third fight with Dillian Whyte. The pair put on two of the greatest fights ever seen in a British ring in 2016 and 2018. In the two contests, Whyte was declared the victor, but Chisora came desperately close to winning on both occasions and is keen to run it back. With Whyte coming off a loss to Fury and Chisora back in the win column a third fight between the fellow countrymen makes sense providing fans want to see it. Chris Arreola Finally, a left-field pick for Chisora’s next opponent -- Chris Arreola. From a stylistic standpoint, this fight has war written all over it. In Arreola’s contest against Adam Kownacki, both men set a CompuBox record for the most punches thrown in a heavyweight fight and it would surely be no different if he was matched up with ‘Del Boy’. At 41 years old, Arreola, like Chisora, is in the final stages of his career and would serve as a fair match-up for the Brit’s swansong run. 