America's Got Talent is always full of surprises and this time the panel couldn't contain their laughter at Simon Cowell as he played assistant to a whip stuntman. Narrowly missing the judge, Jack Lepiarz said he was "terrified at the thought" of messing up. Usually leaving the audience participation to his fellow judges, Simon Cowell quickly regretted being roped into assistant work for a whip maestro. Stepping on to the stage to perform a dangerous stunt involving whips, no one expected this contestant to narrowly miss Simon's nether regions. Jack The Whipper took part in Tuesday's episode featuring more rounds of auditions for the American talent competition. Inviting the music mogul on to the stage, he asked Simon to squat down and balance a straw between his knees. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change Before he knew what was happening, Simon had a whip coming fast in his direction as Jack aimed to snap the straw in two. The contestant managed to succeed in his trick but came extremely close to using the judge's leg as collateral. Met with hysterical laughter from both Heidi Klum and Sofia Vergara, their fellow industry professionals didn't look so well. Turning to face the women, Simon could be seen mouthing: "I shouldn't have done this." Nevertheless, everyone left the stage with limbs intact and a story to tell. Commenting on the order later, Simon remembered: "They were laughing so much, I nearly had my what’s-its whipped off and they were in hysterical laughter." He wasn't the only one sweating as the contestant revealed his fears and worries leading up to the stunt. Jack told the Sun ahead of the episode release: "'I was terrified at the time too. DON'T MISS...America's Got Talent singer brings Sofia Vergara to tears [SPOILER]Howie Mandel health: Star’s ‘disorders’ drove family ‘through therapy’ [INSIGHT]America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde [SPOILER] "I wasn’t sure what would happen if I hit Simon with a whip. "I have practised it hundreds of times and I’ve had one mess-up. I was horrified at the thought of that." Emotions continued to run high throughout the episode as Sofia spilled tears watching singer Wyn Starks pay tribute to his late twin. Eyes watering over, the actress shared she suffered a similar loss with the passing of her own brother and felt the contestant's heart ache. Not just for his ability to evoke such feelings within the judging panel, Wyn became the front runner of the evening with his original song "Who I am". He left the stage to a standing ovation and a unanimous yes as the panel sang his praises. The household favourite is in its 17th season and features Simon Cowell, Sofia Vergara, Heidi Klum and Howie Mandel as judges while Terry Crews leads the charge on hosting duties. America's Got Talent airs every Tuesday at 8/7c on NBC.