The 66-year-old tennis legend announced last month she would be hosting her last match this year after three decades of fronting the sports coverage at Wimbledon. As BBC Breakfast presenters Nina Warhurst, Sally Nugent and sports reporter John Watson discussed the "end of an era," they confessed they joined Sue Barker in "shedding a tear" as they watched her mark her last broadcast. On Monday's BBC Breakfast, John paid tribute to the former Question of Sport host after summarising the final day of Wimbledon 2022. "An emotional day for Sue Barker, it's fair to say," he stated. "For all of us!" Sally interjected before John agreed: "I know, for everybody watching, I know." "The end of an era," Nina joined as John shared he had become emotional on Sunday night. READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? "I shed a tear yesterday," he commented while reflecting on Sue's emotional goodbye. "Yeah, definitely," Sally replied, while Nina asked: "Did you really?" Nodding vigorously, her colleague remarked: "Definitely! Yes." "Sue had plenty of people on hand with some tissues," John explained. "She was amazing," Sally continued. "She was so composed, though." "Very composed," the sports expert confirmed. "After 30 years  of broadcasting, fronting BBC's Wimbledon coverage..." "Maybe she's relieved!" Nina quipped as John laughed: "Well perhaps. [She's] Probably having a lie down.  I'm sure she had a party last night though." He went on: "Richly deserved. And she won the French Opens in 1976 before moving into broadcasting, she announced last month she'd be retiring after the tournament." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [THEORY]Sunday Brunch viewers fume over dinosaur segment 'guesswork' [REACTION]BBC viewers worry as presenter struggles through segment 'Poor lass' [LATEST] Her final day of tennis coverage saw the iconic sports broadcaster breaking down in tears as the tournament came to an end. "I think it's fair to say we have broken her," Clare Balding commented as Sue broke down in tears. "Listen to this crowd all chanting Sue's name. "Billie-Jean has joined us as well because you always say, Billie-Jean, if you can't see it, you can't be it." "She's an amazing example," Billie-Jean praised. "If you want to be a presenter and be the best in the field of broadcasting...Sue Barker. She is the best ever." Barker struggled to hold back the tears as she told her co-hosts: "Can I just say, it's been an absolute privilege, I've loved it, 30 amazing years." She added: "I'll miss the job, I wish I had the next 30 years to do it. "I love it, but most of all I'm going to miss the people I work with - in front of the camera, behind the camera, who've just been absolutely amazing. "And I've been so proud to front the programme. Thank you." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.