Tottenham could confirm the signings of Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence this week before the club head to South Korea on their pre-season tour. Antonio Conte has been keen to bring in defensive reinforcements to play in his three at the back system and reports suggest that he has found his men. Lenglet looks set to join in a season-long deal from Barcelona. The left-sided centre-half fell out of favour at the La Liga giants last season, making just 26 appearances in all competitions. He sees Spurs as a chance to restart his career and he is expected to provide a strong alternative option to Ben Davies on the left of Conte’s back three. The north London club have agreed a £20 million deal with Championship club Middlesbrough for Spence who will challenge Emerson Royal and Matt Doherty for the right wing-back slot. The England U-21 international spent last season on loan at Nottingham Forest where he was one of the club’s best players, helping the Tricky Trees return to the Premier League for the first time in 23 years. The Evening Standard reports that both players should join the club this week with Spurs only needing to iron out the final details of the deal for Lenglet. The Lilywhites anticipate both players will link up with the squad ahead of their pre-season tour in South Korea. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo to Chelsea, Man Utd medical, Arsenal submit new bid Tottenham have already been busy in the transfer market this season bringing four new faces to the club. Experienced Croatian international Ivan Perisic was first to join in a free transfer from Inter Milan and is expected to make the left wing-back role his own. Fraser Forster signed next as a backup to goalkeeper Hugo Lloris before the club forked out £25 million to claim Brighton’s Yves Bissouma despite interest in the player from fierce rivals Arsenal. However, it was the signature of Everton forward Richarlison that proved to be the most eye-catching. The Brazil international joined the club in a £60m deal and will provide much needed competition to the hugely effective front three of Son Heung-Min, Harry Kane and Dejan Kulusevski. DON'T MISSTottenham 'ask about signing second Barcelona player' during Clement Lenglet negotiationsMaurizio Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'Man Utd have already signed one Ronaldo replacement but now they need a second Given their significant transfer expenditure, Lenglet may be considered a low cost short-term option which will allow the club to move for more ambitious targets next summer. Conte had been credited with an interest in RB Leipzig’s Josep Gvardiol, Villarreal’s Pau Torres and Alessandro Bastoni from former club Inter. Should the Frenchman not impress at White Hart Lane, it is likely the club will dive back into the market for these targets with next season’s transfer kitty. Tottenham supporters will look forward to the new season with excitement given their summer business. There will be an expectation that the club can challenge the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City given their new names.