Nick Kyrgios was accuted of "threatening" the umpire after claiming he would be talking about him in his press conference after his match against Stefanos Tsitsipas. Both players have already received code violations in the blockbuster match, with the Greek being given a point penalty as things have turned ugly with the Aussie making "threats" and the fourth seed smacking a ball into the crowd. Kyrgios and Tsitsipas are in the heat of a crazy third round match on Court 1, where both players have now received code violations. The Greek star sent a ball into the crowd after being broken to cost him the second set and the world No 40 immediately called for his opponent to be defaulted. But Kyrgios has now been accused of "threatening" umpire Damien Dumusois after telling the official he would be speaking about him in his post-match press conference. "I cannot believe the amount of s***this tournament is going to get because of you is insane," the 27-year-old told him. "People want to see me, not you. You don't know how to play so how about you don't tell me how to play. I don't care bro, bro people want to see me, not you, so don't tell me what to do." Commentating for the BBC, Andrew Cotter said: "He's threatening and trying to intimidate the umpire here." JUST IN: Swiatek knocked out in huge Wimbledon upset to end 37-match streak   Kyrgios had already called the French umpire "dumb" when he did not default Tsitsipas for firing a ball into the crowd at the end of the second set. "He just hit a ball in the f****** crowd, are you dumb?" the six-time title winner fumed. "What classifies as that then? You can hit a ball in the crowd and not get hit with something? So now they have to be hurt? That's a disgrace. You just change the rules whenever you want. Bring your supervisor out." DON'T MISSWimbledon royal box hosts Tom Daley as Boulter and Broady shunnedBoulter's reason for skipping boyfriend De Minaur's Wimbledon clashMcEnroe and Henman in full agreement over Raducanu break suggestion  Kyrgios has been vocal in his disapproval of officials in tennis in recent weeks. He also hit out at the umpire from his match against Tsitsipas in Halle, saying: "Umpires, I don’t even think they understand the concept of everyone’s here in Halle, it’s a full stadium to see me and Stef play and I think they just want to be relevant sometimes." He also hit out at a linesperson in his opening match against Paul Jubb, calling her a "snitch". "Not one person in the stadium has come to watch her do anything. I know you've [the umpire] got fans but she's got none. What she just selfishly walks to you in the middle of the game because she's a snitch? Come on now," he said.