“Maybe one day I will be here again, but I don’t know about that,” he told Sue Barker after all but giving up halfway through his final against Novak Djokovic. “I am so tired. Our team has played so much tennis.” One match fewer than it usually takes to win a grand slam, actually, having had a free ride past the injured Rafa Nadal in the semi-final. And yet it is the garbled reasoning of the Spaniard when he announced his retirement from the tournament that shows why he had 22 grand slam titles, and ultimately Kyrgios will have zero. “I made my decision because I believe that I can't win two matches under these circumstances,” he said. It was not good strapping himself up to win one heroic game against Kyrgios when Djokovic would be a step too far afterwards. Kyrgios, on the other hand, is happy to take and celebrate these occasional flash-in-the-pan successes. You always sensed from his pre-match euphoria that being there would be enough. JUST IN: 'That's why he lost' Novak Djokovic shares Nick Kyrgios joke after win   Undoubtedly, he is a force of nature and can blow anybody off the court for a period, and so he did in the first set as a surprisingly nervy Djokovic wobbled just slightly under the onslaught. Then the finger-pointing began. Obviously the fans were to blame, then the umpire for not shushing them sufficiently. Ironically, the members of his own box were not making enough noise. DON'T MISS  And it’s the “noise” that distracts Kyrgios from delivering on his true potential. After losing the first set, serial champion Djokovic calmed things down and ground out the points one at a time. Kyrgios’s error rate - just four unforced errors in that first set - doubled and then tripled. That is always a sad measure of a player who is falling apart. He is now heading off for a “well-earned vacation”, he told Barker after collecting his runner’s up plate. That could be time to reflect, work out where he needs to be better to take that extra step and perhaps hone that fitness like his old mucker Andy Murray used to do in his down time. Or swim, shoot some hoops and chill.