Anjali Harikumar is a creator of vegan Indian recipes and is based in France. She recently amassed a whopping three million views on her video explaining how to cook perfect rice. Anjali, who lives in Grenoble, France, and was raised in India, shares her recipes on her website, Be ExtraVegant, which she creates while working on her PhD in physics. She also shares her cooking and food tips and tricks on her Instagram account, @beextravegant, where she boasts 136k followers. She has a huge 215k subscribers on her YouTube account and 140.7k followers on TikTok. Anjali said: "Do you ever wonder how to cook rice that is not sticky and well separated? Well, you're in the right place." READ MORE: 'No more mushy lettuce': Foil hack to keep it fresh in the fridge for up to 30 days Start by running raw rice under water, and rubbing it between your palms. Repeat this process several times until the water runs clear. This helps wash out the extra starches that make the rice sticky. Make sure to use this rice water to water your sad-looking plants. Then soak the rice in water for about 20 to 30 minutes. This helps to reduce the cooking time. DON'T MISSKeep carrots crunchy, berries mould-free and greens crispy [HOW TO] Keep veg and lettuce fresh with a genius tip [HACKS] Genius money saving rules to save on food shopping [EXPERT] Drain and add it to a pan with enough water to cover your fingers. Bring the water up to a boil, lower the heat and cook it for around eight minutes. Turn off the heat and let it sit with the lid on for five minutes. Fluff it up with a fork and there you go. Anjali also detailed how to create delicious lemon rice, which she recommends as an Indian breakfast. The recipe is made with rice, lemon juice, mustard seeds, cashews, peanuts, curry leaves and turmeric powder. She told fans how her mother used to make lemon rice for her to take as a packed meal on long train journeys in India, which took up to three days. Another food expert has detailed how to cook rice, revealing that they do not boil most rice. Rice expert and chef Peter Sidwell from CookServeEnjoy only boils brown rice. For basmati rice he has a particular method to use the perfect ratio of water to rice. He said: "The correct rice to water ratio for basmati is 1:1½. "So if you’re cooking enough for two people, use one cup (225g) of rice to 1½ cups (375ml) of water."