Novak Djokovic was tipped to become a future president of Serbia during his tense Wimbledon quarter-final. The 35-year-old recovered from a two-set deficit to defeat Italy’s Jannick Sinner 5-7 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-2 on Centre Court.  But during the changeover at 3-0 in the first set, the camera panned to some fans waving a Serbian flag. This prompted BBC commentator Chris Bradnam to say: "He has got plenty of fans obviously Djokovic whenever he plays and they follow him with a passion. "I wonder if he will go into politics one day in Serbia and be the president. He's get voted in on a landslide I think." Feliciano Lopez on co-coms added: "Everybody knows Novak in Serbia, he is the man there." Djokovic is beloved by his people and this was illustrated when he received a hero’s welcome upon his reutrn to Serbia after being deported from Australia in January. While he was held in the detention centre, a throng of fans gathered outside in protest of his incarceration. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic shuts down questions over possible US Open ban after epic Wimbledon victory   He has made them extremely proud after compiling a truly sensational tennis career, and he is keen to add one more grand slam title to his impressive résumé at the All-England Club this week. Djokovic was given a huge scare by Italian 10th seed Sinner earlier today, who initially rose to the occasion as he tried to reach a Grand Slam semi-final for the first time. However, the 20-year-old faded in the final three sets as Djokovic improved after an erratic and subdued opening. "He was the better player for the first two sets," Djokovic said. "I went out and had a refresh, had a toilet break, I had a little pep talk to myself in the mirror, it's the truth. "Sometimes in these circumstances when not much is happening positively for you, sometimes these things are necessary. A little break to try and regather the thoughts and reassemble." The tennis legend will contest his semi-final against Cam Norrie, who has reached this stage of a major for the first time. "For the first two sets, we had two different matches compared to the last three," added Djokovic. "I was fortunate to start the third set very well. I broke his serve very early. That gave me a confidence boost. I saw a doubt in his game. My experience helped me deal and cope with the pressure. "Even though I have played tennis on the big stage, I still go through the same doubtful moments. The inner fight is always the biggest. Trying to win the internal fight is a big challenge. Once you do that, things go in your favour. I always believe I can turn the big matches around." 