PlayStation Plus subscribers are counting down to the reveal of the free PS4 and PS5 games for August 2022. PS Plus Essential subscribers will be able to download a combination of three PS4 and PS5 games on the morning of August 2. The line-up will be announced the week before, on the afternoon of July 27. Express Online will cover the reveal, so check back at 4.30pm on Wednesday for the official line-up of games. In the meantime, fans have been having fun predicting the free PS4 and PS5 games for August 2022. As part of the traditional monthly predictions thread on Reddit, fans are predicting that Call of Duty Modern Warfare (2019) will headline the Essential games line-up. According to Reddit users, other possible games coming to PS Plus include Nier Automata, Mass Effect Legendary Edition and Need for Speed Heat. In terms of first-party PlayStation games, notable mentions include Sackboy: A Big Adventure, Spider-Man Remastered, Miles Morales, The Last of Us 2 and Ghost of Tsushima. Other popular picks include Dark Pictures Anthology House of Ashes, MLB The Show 22, No Man's Sky, Devil May Cry 5 and Kingdom Come Deliverance. And it wouldn't be a monthly predictions thread without somebody mentioning The Order 1886. Maybe one day! The next wave of PlayStation Plus games will replace the July 2022 line-up, which includes Crash Bandicoot 4, The Dark Pictures Anthology: Man of Medan and Arcadegeddon. Crash Bandicoot 4 is undoubtedly the highlight of the bunch, earning an impressive score of 85% on Metacritic. "An all-new Crash adventure awaits! Dr. Neo Cortex and N. Tropy are back at it again and launching an all-out assault on not just this universe, but the entire multiverse. Wield four powerful guardians of space and time that give Crash and Coco the power to bend the rules of reality and conquer dangerous obstacles in exciting new ways. "And you’ll not only play as the wumping, jumping, marsupial duo: experience things from different perspectives with the one and only Dr. Neo Cortex. Play as Crash, Coco, Tawna, Dingodile, or Dr. Neo Cortex and battle bosses such as N. Gin, Louise, Nitrus Brio, and Nefarious Tropy."