This is in stark contrast to the Conservatives, who – 32 years after her departure – seem to have few original ideas beyond rehashing Maggie’s greatest hits. Many Tories seem not to appreciate that Thatcher’s medicine was only needed in the first place because the UK so uniquely mismanaged its economy and society after World War II. Plus, if her cure worked then presumably it doesn’t need constantly readministering to the patient. It is disheartening today then to hear the debate among candidates for the Tory leadership to retreat back to a postage stamp of ideas, as if a race to the bottom on the size of the state and spending will rid Britain of all its woes. Many of the problems which afflict the UK – ambulance and hospital waiting times, crimes not being solved, ineffective border controls, insufficient housing – require a better run state, not merely one cut to the bone. The Tories seem not to understand this. They seem not to understand that no other serious country flogged off its airports to private companies. They seem not to understand that almost all countries - including the US - have fully nationalised transportation sectors. Many Tories lionise Singapore even though the Southeast Asian city state has a powerful government with a huge controlling stake in much of the economy, owning and operating most of the country’s infrastructure and housing. A sensible government begins by asking what needs to be achieved and then puts in measures to achieve them, such as setting the right tax rate. By contrast the Tories start with the tax rate, then try and jam the policies around that. The Conservatives have now spent generations drawing the wrong conclusions both from Britain’s past and from the examples set by other countries. And, in no way, is Maggie’s miracle elixir going to cut it today. Thatcher didn’t have to cope with a rising China, menacing Asia and the world. The Soviet Union was, by time of her premiership, a wounded lion – it made a big roar but its really threatening days were largely over. Thatcher didn’t have to cope with the internet, and all its challenges – from cybercrime through to the impact of social media on teenagers, or the disruptive effect on the economy and precarious employment. Thatcher didn’t have to cope with the after-effects of the Blairite cultural revolution, and wider cultural trends across the globe. Nor did Thatcher have today’s housing crisis, ageing crisis or health crisis to cope with – although her policies may have helped a few of these along. This isn’t to say that putting more money into peoples’ pockets isn’t generally a good thing. Nor is it to say that reducing red tape on business wouldn’t be welcome. But such policies on their own simply won’t cut it. Today, governments need a smart state which can meet the challenges of the world. The private sector cannot defend the country, cannot police the streets, and frankly shows little incentive to build more houses without state support. We hear lots of puff about Brexit but no big ideas on the Commonwealth which is Britain’s lowest hanging fruit in terms of a foreign policy win. We hear lots about the economy yet nothing about harnessing Oxford and Cambridge. We see lots of finger-wagging over ‘wokery’ but very little tangibly to stop it. Unfortunately for the Tories, Labour is no longer just talking. They are coming up with policies and perhaps even striking deals with other parties, policies to win elections and deals which could see the Tories out of power for a generation. The Conservatives need to stop indulging in Margaret Thatcher tribute acts. This is 2022, not 1992, and certainly not 1982. Different solutions are required for different problems, problems Thatcher could not have even dreamt of. The Tories don’t just need a new leader, they need a new idea.