Manchester United will still pursue Antony this summer even if Cristiano Ronaldo stays, according to reports. It had been claimed previously that United would only go after Antony if Ronaldo were to leave in this window. The Brazilian winger has been linked with a move to Old Trafford throughout the summer. Erik ten Hag has already returned to sign one Ajax player, completing a deal for Lisandro Martinez over the weekend. He was keen on signing centre-back Jurrien Timber earlier in the window, but he will be remaining at Ajax. However, rumours surrounding a move for Antony refuse to go away. TalkSPORT claims United are very much interested in signing the 22-year-old. It was initially thought he would be a potential replacement for Ronaldo. Ronaldo has told United he wants to leave in this window, though Erik ten Hag has maintained he is not for sale. But talkSPORT says even if Ronaldo does stay, United will still attempt to sign Antony. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  Ten Hag believes Antony can play a part in the rebuild he has on his hands at United. A fee of around £59.7million (€70m) has been reported elsewhere but talkSPORT says it would likely be less than that amount. Ten Hag signed Antony when he was Ajax boss from Brazilian side Sao Paulo in 2020. The wide man has scored 23 goals in 79 appearances for Ajax. He made his debut for the Brazil national team last year and has two goals from his nine caps so far. United have made three signings so far this summer. Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia was the first player through the door in a deal worth £13m. Christian Eriksen then joined on a free transfer before Martinez's arrival, which will cost United up to £57m. Ronaldo's future will continue to be a major talking point. Speaking earlier this week, Ten Hag maintained the 37-year-old is going nowhere and even claimed he could activate a one-year extension in his contract. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45mBarcelona anger Sevilla with private Kounde request after Chelsea offer acceptedArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Zinchenko transfer deal  Whether Ronaldo is capable of playing the pressing style of football that Ten Hag adopts remains to be seen. But the Dutchman is confident he can. "I think Cristiano is capable of doing that," Ten Hag said. "In his career he has shown everything. "I have set my demands. We want to play in a certain way. A top player can contribute and Ronaldo is an absolute top player in our squad. "The players dictate the way you play. Especially players who score goals because they are extremely important for a team. You construct your team around them." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 