In order to qualify for this support, this group needs to in receipt of Carer’s Allowance, a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) This extra support is known as Carer’s Allowance Supplement and is provided by Social Security Scotland, the Scottish Government’s DWP equivalent. Carer’s Allowance Supplement is paid twice a year to existing recipients of Carer’s Allowance in Scotland. Those eligible for the benefit payment will get two payments of £245.70 in different parts of the year. Overall, the two payments of Carer’s Allowance Supplement combined add up to £491.40. Last month, those who were eligible for the first instalment of Carer’s Allowance Supplement received their first payment of the year. Unpaid carers in Scotland who were claiming Carer’s Allowance on or before April 11, 2022 claimed the additional benefit payment on June 10, 2022. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly While those entitled to the support know they will get the second instalment sometime in December, no exact date has been given. Those who are entitled to Carer’s Allowance Supplement will receive a letter informing them a payment has been made. It should be noted that unpaid carers do not need to apply for the supplement as it is paid automatically if they are due a payment. Social Security Scotland recently alerted recipients of Carer’s Allowance Supplement that some payments may take slightly longer to come through.  If someone has still not received a letter or payment by June 17, 2022, they are encouraged to call the Government body directly on 0800 182 2222. Social Security Scotland’s supplementary support outside of the DWP is becoming increasingly vital to households as the cost of living crisis worsens. Across the UK, households are having to cope with an unprecedented hike in energy bills and inflation. The current economic downturn is particularly adversely affecting the livelihoods of various vulnerable groups, including the elderly and unpaid carers. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Upon the launch of the benefit payment, Shirley-Anne Somerville, the then-Cabinet Secretary for Social Security, shared why Carer’s Allowance Supplement pays tribute to the “important contribution” unpaid carers make to society. Ms Somerville explained: “Making these payments will represent a historic moment, launching a new public service that will deliver a social security system that treats people with dignity, fairness and respect. “We recognise the important contribution carers make, and we believe the current total paid out to them is not enough. “This supplementary payment allows us to get more money in the pockets of carers in Scotland as quickly as possible. “We have always made clear that we believe that Carer’s Allowance should be the same rate as Jobseeker’s Allowance. “Having new powers over social security means we can make this a reality and this additional payment is in recognition of the important contribution carers make to society.” Those who do not live in Scotland may also be eligible for Carer’s Allowance Supplement but they must prove they have a real and sufficient link to the country. During the application process, future claimants will need to show proof of residency and other important documents to get the benefit payment.