Janette Manrara has taken to Instagram to mark an emotional milestone in her career when it comes to working with her Strictly Come Dancing husband, Aljaz Skorjanec. The Miami-born star, 38, celebrated bringing hers and Aljaz's "love to life" in the show, but admitted that "emotions were high". In view of her 500,000 followers, the It Takes Two host addressed the end of an era following the last performance of the Burn The Floor The Reunion show. Janette wrote: "Last one tonight. Emotions are running high. "What a beautiful ride it has been ," she added alongside a heart. Janette ended the post: "@burnthefloorofficial #BurnTheFloor25Years." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host The star went on to add snaps from the performance, including incredible ones of her dancing with her pro partner, Robbie Kmetoni. In a later post, Janette paid tribute to her husband-of-five-years as she reflected on their time working together this year. Sharing a snap of herself in Aljaz's arms, Janette gushed over her beau. She wrote: "We did it Bučko… danced once again and in a show that brought our love to life. "So much nostalgia reminiscing the days we fell in love on stages across the world." Janette went on: "@burnthefloorofficial was a special one indeed. "We have spent over 5 months on the road together this year; dancing and entertaining. "It has been so beautiful to be back doing what we love and with someone you love," she added. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood in 'puddle of tears' amid devastating divorce [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson says she's been shamed for kids having different dads [ANALYSIS]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change [UPDATE] Addressing her fans, the dance star continued: "Thank you to everyone that came to watch any of the shows we took part in this year. "Don’t worry…. We’ll be back and we will always “keeeeeeeep dancing”!! "@aljazskorjanec... I love you to the moon and back always and forever! "Here’s to many more dances on stages together soon!" Janette finished her post. Janette and Aljaz tied the knot in 2017 and the dancing duo enjoyed three ceremonies to celebrate their nuptials. One wedding was held in London, another in Janette's home of Miami, and the third in Aljaz's home in Slovenia. Last year it was announced the Cuban-born performer would be taking over Zoe Ball's role on the Strictly spin-off show It Takes Two. As Janette bid farewell to the dancefloor her husband has continued to display his sultry moves on the BBC programme.