  Megan McCubbin, 27, is the stepdaughter of fellow Springwatch presenter Chris Packham, 61, who is often very vocal about his opinions on climate change and the treatment of animals. Megan insisted it was important for the Conservative government to step up when it comes to taking care of our planet in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Megan, who has recently teamed up with Lovat Parks, spoke about the wondrous benefits of “connecting to our wild side” during the lockdown, as she explained how important it was to speak out about animal welfare and other environmental issues. Asked if she felt like the government had done enough to make Britain greener, she replied: “I think we have a long way to go. “I'd like to see things happening faster,” she added. “I would like to see more progress more quickly. “Because we don't have a lot of time, you know. READ MORE: 'Queen!' Beyonce strips naked and rides horse for 'Renaissance'      “We are losing species so much faster than we would be without human interference. “So yeah, we need more action and we need our governments to stand up and be the ambassador and that voice for species which don't have a voice themselves.” When it comes to helping fight climate change and other issues threatening our planet, a lot of people don’t know where to start. Megan went on to offer some helpful advice to those who are looking to make a difference.      “I would say it's okay not to be perfect,” she reflected. “There's a lot of pressure to be 100% green, but we're living beings and we all have an impact on this world. “I always say to people, ‘You can wake up and you can decide whether your impact is going to be a positive one or a negative one.’ “And any little difference, anything that you can do differently today than you did yesterday, is a step in the right direction,” she continued. “And that is a really good thing and it doesn't matter if it's a huge thing, you know? READ MORE... Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [LATEST] Cliff Richard, 81, puts on animated display in white suit at Wimbledon [UPDATE] Stunner Ruth Langsford almost unrecognisable in glam transformation [UPDATE]      “You could be mailing your MP, could be going to protests, you could be using your voice, getting involved in community conservation. “Or you could be doing things like dealing with birds, you could be putting in a wildlife pond or going to a local nature reserve. “Not driving and getting the bus or having one meat-free meal extra a week. These are all things that contribute. “So whenever you can do it, try to do it but don't be discouraged if we're not perfect because nobody is,” Megan added.      “It's a transition, and most people feel the need to be transitioning quickly. It's okay not to expect everything from yourself right away.” Megan joined Springwatch in 2020 at the height of the pandemic and appeared on camera with Chris, who has presented the show since 2009. The presenter has teamed up with Lovat Parks to reveal the ‘Big 5’ animals that can be spotted on our very own isles this summer in places like Cornwall, Norfolk and the New Forest. Megan McCubbin has identified the UK’s ‘Big 5’ summer wildlife wonders in collaboration with Lovat Parks, the UK’s first B-Corp certified holiday park, encouraging the nation to connect with their wild side this summer and explore the rich diversity of nature in the UK. Visit www.lovatparks.com/thebig5 for more info and to download Megan’s Map along with top tips for responsible wildlife spotting.    