Helen Skelton has three children, Ernie (seven), Louis (five) and Elsie (six months), with ex-husband Richie Myers. The pair have recently split after their eight years of marriage, with Richie moving out of their family home. Helen has opened up about how she manages life with three children to Claudia Winkleman and expressed it gets "easier" with the third child. During their zoom interview in the BBC studio for Claudia's Radio 2 show, a baby could be heard drinking in the background whilst the Countryfile presenter chatted with Claudia. Claudia excitedly commented: "Talking about real life, you are multi-tasking like an absolute boss. "I just have to say that because you are outside and now feeding your little baby, and I can hear her drinking, she is doing very well!" Helen laughed: "I am so sorry, you probably thought that was a calf drinking or something, well by the third one... READ MORE: Stranger Things' Joseph Quinn pays tribute to 'extraordinary' co-star "The first one, I remember he would do a little thing like scuff his nose, and I would take him straight to A&E, by the third one, you're like 'Oh, they will be fine'." Claudia added: "Yeah, have some milk, have a burp, have a nap - she sounds so sweet, she is doing brilliantly!" Touching on a memory she had, Helen explained: "My friend has got three, and her child was holding a sausage, and my dog licked the sausage. "I said, 'Oh my gosh, I am so sorry the dog just licked the sausage!' and she went 'Oh, it's fine, it's the third one, first one would be in hospital, the third one no point'." Helen and Richie split up just three months after their daughter was born, with the star releasing a short statement on Instagram. It read: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Helen recently appeared on TV for the first time since their split on Summer on the Farm and was praised for her bravery. Whilst also focusing on her career, Helen has also opened up about focusing on her children and revealed the things they love to do most. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton delivers warning as she blasts Britain's 'filthy' rivers [WATCH]Helen Skelton caught 'cheating' after suffering on-air blunder [LATEST]Helen Skelton makes dig at Boris Johnson on Summer on the Farm [INSIGHT] She recently told Entertainment Daily: "My kids are just happier outside. They eat better and sleep better after being outside during the day. "I don’t feel guilty about screen time if they have been in a tree for a few hours. “They’re nicer to each other outside too. My kids just like to get muddy. As long as I have snacks, I can keep mine outside for ages. We love the lakes, the Yorkshire coast and the peaks.” Talking to Claudia about the Channel 5 show, Summer on the Farm, Helen explained: "It is so much fun, it is proper mischief on telly. "We literally go on air, and we don't know what is going to happen. At the start of the week, a goat got out, and by the end of the week, we just said, 'There's another goat, guys!'. "It is chaos in a good way, just that old school Saturday morning telly, but for adults. "People drink beer that they don't like, and then the animals bite each other, last night, a sheep undid someone's shoelaces! "Sometimes people think 'Live telly, do you not get nervous?' but I think people watch telly because they like to be in the moment together." Claudia Winkleman's Radio 2 show airs on Saturday from 10am.