In the first episode, Simon had the job of evaluating nearly 17,000 different plant species in the gardens to decide what could stay and what couldn't, including the magnolia. Simon explained: "They are stunning at this time of the year but they are also a very interesting group of flowering plants." Magnolias, named after the French botanist Pierre Magnol, are some of the most ancient flowering plants. "People are often familiar with flowers as having separate petals and sepals. So the sepals are the part that usually opens to reveal the petals but in a magnolia, there is no differentiation. It's just the same thing," Simon explained. Can you grow your own magnolia tree at home? READ MORE: How to keep your home cool as heatwave hits 40C - lightbulbs to foil  The Gardeners' World magazine explained how people can grow their own magnolias in the UK. Most magnolias do best in acidic to neutral soil. From Gardeners' World, they suggested that if people "don’t have the right soil in the garden, or don’t have room for a large tree, the smaller magnolias grow very well in pots". Magnolias also need a sheltered spot, away from strong winds. "Avoid frost pockets, as frost can damage the flowers in spring. A spot that gets plenty of sun will ensure a good display of flowers. Prune lightly in mid-summer to early autumn. Ensure the soil does not dry out in summer," the gardeners recommended.  They also advised choosing "a sheltered spot that is not in a low-lying frost pocket" as frost can damage the flowers. "If you live in a cold part of the country, choose a variety that flowers later. Bear in mind the eventual height and spread of the tree and make sure that you have allowed room for it – some magnolias can grow very large. "If you’re concerned about growing a magnolia near the house, opt for a small magnolia tree. "If you have alkaline soil, grow Magnolia grandiflora or Magnolia delavayi," Gardeners' World magazine recommended. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb The flowers, ultimate size and the conditions in your garden will determine which magnolia you grow. "If it’s happy, it will thrive and reward you with a fantastic display of flowers," they said. Kew Gardens: A Year in Bloom also showed viewers the unusual emperor alcantarea, a stunning plat kept in the Kew Gardens glasshouse. It grows two meters in two weeks and then produces strange spikey flowers for the first time in its 20-year life. Interestingly, this is the last thing the emperor alcantarea does before dying. Located in West London, the Kew Gardens are formed of two spectacular sites, spanning over 800 acres. The world-famous tourist attraction is home to one of the most amazing plant collections in the world, attracting more than two million visitors a year. Kew Gardens: A Year in Bloom airs on Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 5.