Leeds United could be set to get their hands on former Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata this summer after he was released by the Red Devils when his contract expired earlier this summer. Mata made 285 appearances for the 13-time Premier League champions after joining them from Chelsea in 2014 but wasn’t offered a new deal at Old Trafford. And he will now reportedly attempt to push through a move to Yorkshire. The Red Devils and the Whites have been fierce rivals for decades, although they had a long spell without playing each other after Leeds were relegated to the Championship in 2004. A whole host of players have faced the wrath of fans after transferring between the two clubs, with Mata now risking fan fury in Manchester if he does put pen-to-paper on a deal at Elland Road. And Express Sport takes a look at five blockbuster stars who have pulled on the strips of both teams. Eric Cantona Eric Cantona is perhaps the one player whose arrival at Old Trafford helped revolutionise the Red Devils the most under legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson. The Frenchman spent less than 10 months at Elland Road and appeared just 34 times for the club before his prodigious talents were noticed in Manchester. But he did win the title in Yorkshire. After agreeing to move west in 1992, the ace went on to help Fergie’s team win their first Premier League title during his maiden campaign at the club and starred as they lifted the trophy three more times over the next four seasons. But he called time on his playing days in 1997 at the age of just 30. READ MORE: Ajax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro Martinez   Rio Ferdinand Rio Ferdinand was another world beater who swapped Elland Road for Old Trafford. The star defender spent two years in Yorkshire after signing from West Ham, before being lured across the Pennies by Ferguson. Ferdinand actually played in the Champions League during his time with Leeds, but his career really took off when he moved to Manchester as he went on to win six Premier League titles, three League Cups, the Champions League and the Club World Cup. Alan Smith Alan Smith enjoyed the best days of his career in a Leeds kit after coming through the club’s academy. During his days at Elland Road, he made a name for himself as a potent threat in front of goal while plying his trade as a striker. After switching to the other United in 2004, the ace was utilised mainly as a midfielder. But he had a limited impact at Old Trafford and was shipped off to Newcastle three years later. DON'T MISS: Man Utd falling short of 'rebuild' Rangnick demanded amid frustration (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil (TRANSFERS)Ten Hag slams 'mistakes' in warning to Man Utd despite Liverpool rout (NEWS)      Lee Sharpe The larger-than-life Lee Sharpe moved in the opposite direction as he was deemed surplus to requirements at Old Trafford in 1996 following a successful spell in Manchester. The winger played 191 times for the Red Devils and won three Premier League titles. But he was said to often get on the wrong side of Ferguson due to his antics off the pitch and was moved on after eight years at Old Trafford. Sharpe’s form took a precipitous downturn at Elland Road and, following two loan spells, he was sold to Bradford in 1999. Daniel James Following a long period without any permanent transfers between the two rivals, they decided to do business once again last year when Daniel James quit the north west giants after just two seasons to move to Yorkshire for around £25million. The winger played 32 Premier League games for Leeds last season as his team avoided relegation back to the Championship on the final day of the campaign. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. 