Ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss saw off the threat from Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt to reach the members' round of the Conservative leadership election. Mark Harper, who is backing Rishi Sunak to succeed Boris Johnson in Number 10, suggested Sir Keir Starmer's Labour Party had been wrong-footed by the Tory race to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. The Chair of the Covid Recovery Group told GB News' Dan Wootton: "We're either going to have our third female Prime Minister or our first person who's an ethnic minority. "The Labour Party finds that incredibly annoying!" Labour has not yet elected a female Prime Minister nor a person from an ethnic minority background. Margaret Thatcher became the first female Prime Minister after she romped to her first victory in 1979 and Theresa May became the second after she replaced David Cameron in 2016. JUST IN: Brexit trade victory! UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY in £200bn turbo boost However, sources in Southside have suggested they welcome the challenge from Ms Truss and Mr Sunak. Labour's Rhondda MP Chris Bryant even said: "Brilliant. Thank you so, so much." Reports claimed Labour were most cautious about coming up against Ms Mordaunt at the next general election. Mr Harper, who stood unsuccessfully against Mr Johnson in the 2019 Tory leadership contest, also claimed Conservative colleagues were right to move against Mr Johnson. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Penny Mordaunt poised to announce fresh trade deal TODAY Forest of Dean MP said: "A majority of Conservative Party members felt it was right for the Prime Minister to go and a majority of Conservative members who voted for us in 2019 thought he needed to go because of what happened. When pushed by Mr Wootton on the decision to put pressure on Mr Johnson to quit, the ex-Chief Whip added: "Most of my constituents wanted him to go. "Most of my constituents are very pleased he has gone and most of my party members are as well. "I think, now we are down to two candidates, we've got two great candidates, both of them are fine people, good people. DON'T MISS: Angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PM [REVEAL]EU try to BULLY Britain over Brexit with next PM [INSIGHT]Truss masterplan on hated deal expected to clear Commons [ANALYSIS] "I happen to think that Rishi Sunak is the better person to be Prime Minister." The race to replace Mr Johnson will conclude on September 5 after weeks of hustings and TV debates across the country.