 As the cost of living crisis continues to soar, Britons are being told by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to take advantage and claim all the benefits that they are entitled to in order to further help them. Under the rules, caring for someone includes tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person being cared for to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. People may be eligible if they, the person they care for and the type of care they provide meets certain criteria.     To claim the Carer’s Allowance, people must be caring for someone else for at least 35 hours a week, be over the age of 16 years and not earning more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment. This is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for pensions. Britons can only claim the allowance if the person they care for claims one of the “qualifying benefits”. These include Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment (PIP), or Armed Forces Independence Payment. If the person who is being cared for claims Severe Disability Premium (SDP) then this payment of £69.40 a week could be stopped when Carer’s Allowance has been claimed. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     Claimants do not have to be related to the person that they care caring for. If they share the care of an individual with someone else, both people cannot get Carer’s Allowance, and a carer cannot get more if they care for more than one person. If people claim income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) and Universal Credit as well as Carer's Allowance, their payments will be reduced by the amount of Carer's Allowance they receive. Under the “overlapping benefits” rules, people are not entitled to receive Carer's Allowance if they claim certain other benefits.    These included the contribution-based Employment and Support Allowance, Incapacity Benefit and Maternity Allowance. People also cannot claim if they receive Bereavement or widow’s benefits, or contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance. In regards to the state pension, there is no upper age limit for claiming Carer's Allowance, however, people cannot receive the full amount of both Carer's Allowance and a state pension at the same time. However, if a person’s state pension is less than £69.70 per week, they can get the difference paid in Carer's Allowance. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack     For example, if the state pension is £50 per week people can get £19.70 per week in Carer's Allowance. Before someone applies for Carer’s Allowance, they should make sure that they have their National Insurance number, bank or building society details and employment details if they’re working or their P45 if they’ve recently finished work. They must also provide details of any expenses, for example, pension contributions or the cost of caring for your children or the disabled person while they’re at work.     People who are studying must also provide their course details. It usually takes between three to six weeks to receive the DWP’s decision on a Carer's Allowance claim. The DWP has recently stated that their decision turnaround is currently sitting on around 37 working days. If a person’s Carer’s Allowance claim is successful, they may also be able to backdate their claim for up to three months.   