Nick Kyrgios has confessed that there are still moments when he “hates” tennis despite reaching a maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. The 27-year-old will take on six-time champion Novak Djokovic for the title on Sunday and has opened up on his love-hate relationship with the sport, insisting he will be happy no matter what the result is tomorrow. Kyrgios broke new ground at Wimbledon when he defeated Cristian Garin to make his first-ever semi-final at a Grand Slam. And he went one better by making the final following the withdrawal of Rafael Nadal late on Thursday night to give himself the chance to fight for the title at the All England Club. The Aussie has made no secret of his love-hate relationship with tennis in the past, even receiving fines of £8,200 and £3,300 for his antics in his opening match against Paul Jubb and his third-round against Stefanos Tsitsipas this fortnight. And he has now admitted that it will never change even after making a Grand Slam final. “I don't know if it's going to change. There's definitely times where I hate this sport, but there are times where I think I'm one of the most competitive people I've ever met,” he confessed, speaking in his pre-final press conference. JUST IN: 'Nasty' Cam Norrie told two ways he must improve after Djokovic defeat  “I've met a lot of people. Whether it's playing my Nintendo, whether it's playing basketball, whether it's anything, I'm so competitive. So I feel like, yeah, I love tennis, but I just love competing. I just love going up against someone, and I love just the winning and losing aspect of sport in general. So I don't know if that will ever change.” While the world No 40 remains competitive, he also said he would be happy no matter what happened in the final, given how unexpected his run to a Grand Slam final has been. He continued: “The one thing for sure, whether I win or lose on Sunday, I'm going to be happy.  DON'T MISSDjokovic refuses to explain 'magic potion' inhaled during WimbledonNorrie's plans after Djokovic Wimbledon loss as he shares gestureDjokovic booed after blowing kisses to Wimbledon crowd following win  “It's such a great achievement that I thought I'd never be a part of. Especially at 27, I feel this is, like, for me, I thought it was the later stages of my career. But I just never thought it would be right here.” And he later added: “Like, I'm in a Wimbledon final. I know deep down everything I've gone through and I've worked for. I just try to enjoy the ride.” 