The error means hundreds of thousands of people have missed out on the full amount they are entitled to - mostly women. The issue relates to the older, basic state pension scheme where women were able to claim a state pension based on the National Insurance record of a husband, ex-husband or deceased husband. While the majority of cases involved the system working correctly and fairly, a subsequent investigation found issues in the way some women were receiving payments. Now, a new report has examined the matter further, and the progress which has been made. The analysis from the National Audit Office (NAO) on the DWP’s accounts said approximately 237,000 state pensioners have been underpaid a total of £1.46billion. The spending watchdog said this was an increase of £429million and 105,000 pensioners on the last best estimate taken by the Department at the end of the 2020/21 tax year. READ MORE: Pensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs Additional errors have come to light due to new computerised scans which the Department has put into place to help its processes. The DWP has now conducted thorough and complete scans to identify all potentially affected individuals. However, it will not be clear what the full extent of the underpayments is until each case has been fully reviewed. Some women may only be due a small amount back, but others could be due thousands of pounds, it has been noted. DON'T MISSNadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [INSIGHT]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [ANALYSIS]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE] There may be challenges with identifying those who have been impacted, as according to the NAO underpayments could date back as far as 1985. Initially, the Department had said it would be able to resolve the issue by the end of 2023. Now, it is stating this will only be possible for two of the three affected groups - married women and pensioners over 80. The deadline, however, will not be met for the largest impacted group - widowed pensioners. READ MORE: National Insurance tax cut worth £330 secured as threshold rises The correction exercise may take as long as “late 2024”, according to the NAO. However, the watchdog has stated: “A delay of this length would increase the total amount underpaid to pensioners by an estimated £14million.” As a result, the NAO has stated the DWP will need to step up the rate at which it reviews cases. The correction exercise first began in January 2021 in efforts to identify individuals who have been underpaid. Former pensions minister Sir Steve Webb has been at the forefront of pushing for the matter to be resolved. The former minister has previously described the matter of underpayments as “shocking”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He took to Twitter to explain what individuals may have to do next. Sir Steve wrote: “In principle they are checking cases - and now a lot more cases, so if they find a problem, they should be in touch. “Main exception is if you need to claim something - for example, you got divorced post-retirement or husband retired but pre-2008, when you need to contact them.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The action we are taking now will correct historical underpayments made by successive governments. We are fully committed to addressing these errors, not identified under previous governments, as quickly as possible. "We have set up a dedicated team and devoted significant resources towards completing this, with further resources being allocated throughout 2022 and 2023 towards the underpayments exercise."