Netflix’s romantic drama Virgin River returned to screens with its highly anticipated fourth instalment last week. With fans already looking forward to season five, actor Martin Henderson made a major revelation about the show and confirmed a major exit.   Throughout season four, fans were left with their jaws dropped after a number of major truths were revealed. Charmaine Roberts (played by Lauren Hammersley) revealed she had lied about paternity and that Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) was not the father of her twins. Jack’s season two shooter was finally identified as Wes (Steve Bacic) after he arrived at the town looking for his wife Paige Lassiter (Lexa Doig). After the mystery surrounding Mel and the identity of her unborn child’s father, fans were glad to learn that she and Jack would be parents to a daughter. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool   Despite the number of revelations, Jack star Martin Henderson revealed fans could be in for more shocks when the show returns. During an interview with Glamour, the actor dropped a huge hint when discussing season five. Martin revealed: “The baby stuff gets really interesting. “Obviously, I’m speaking without having read any of those actual scripts, but we’ve got some really nice [is there a word meant to be here?], a lot of stuff gets wrapped up.    “Then there’s a whole bunch of new beginnings, new storylines. He added: “I can’t give too much away, I know someone might move away, someone might leave.” After revealing she lied about Jack being the father of her twins, season five could see Charmaine’s huge exit. The entire town would know she had taken advantage of Jack’s kindness as he was there for her whenever she had issues with her new man Todd (Patrick Sabongui). DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [INSIGHT]Virgin River star recalls Martin Henderson's injury 'We heard a crack' [INSIGHT] Season four saw the departure of Ricky Sudder (Grayson Gurnsey) who had left the town to join the Marines. Although things were going smoothly for the teenager, his life took a turn for the worse in season three. He enlisted in the Marines in secret and didn’t even tell his girlfriend Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale), this led to a series of lies and as a result, she dumped him. With Ricky last seen going off to training, the actor’s future in the series looked uncertain.  Virgin River did face a huge shake-up behind the scenes as the showrunner Sue Tenney revealed she was leaving the series. As well as being the creator of the show and being credited as the executive producer she decided to step down. As the show will move forward and continue with season five, Patrick Sean Smith will take over from Sue. When quizzed about the reason behind her exit, Patrick simply stated: ”Sue had moved on to other projects.” Virgin River is available on Netflix 