The anonymous Reddit user, who goes by the name u/B0ongLord420, took to the forum website to share his outrage. His post quickly drew attention from fellow Redditors and a heated debate ensued.  The Cornwall man wrote: "The price to add cheese at my local chippy! A regular cheesy chips with curry sauce cost me £6.40." He shared a picture of the blackboard at Mariners Fish & Chips on Lower Market Street, Penryn, Cornwall. The sign states that a regular portion of chips is £2.90 and a large is £4.90 - the option to add cheese on top costs an additional £2. Although he did not say how much the curry sauce was, by adding up the other prices it works out as £1.50. Despite the high price, the Redditor added that the cheese was "nothing special, just regular mature cheddar". Reddit users were shocked by the prices, with one commenting: "What they didn't tell you is the cheese they're adding is a fine brie with cranberry. "At that price, it would have to be something fancy, or the biggest mountain of cheese ever seen on a cheesy chips." Another said: “Hope you get a block’s worth of cheese for that. Where is this, London?” The original poster argued the chippy is "one of the most popular around, always busy and its competition has just closed." They wrote: "This place is not struggling. They are charging these prices because they can. Credit where it's due, their food is great. But still overpriced.”  One commenter argued the takeaway could have put prices up after losing customers. They said: "Everyone is taking the p*** at the moment and I don't know why because all the queues have disappeared from the chippy. "Pubs and restaurants are pretty empty, everyone has cut back because of high prices, so they lose out even more in the end!" Another commenter said: "I’d pay that...for a nice cheese", with others joking: "This is why I always have a pocket full of shredded cheese wherever I go." Not everyone was shocked by the price, however, with one person writing: "Cheese, where I live, in Asda is about £2.50/£2.70. The price has gone up quite a bit." Another added: "Serves you right for ordering cheesy chips with curry sauce!" Others shared their own experiences of costly lunches, with one saying it cost them £2.50 to add chicken to a Caesar salad. Mariners Fish & Chips declined to comment.