Greek firefighters battled wildfires on the island of Lesbos for a second day on Sunday as well as new fires in the western Peloponnese and in northern Greece, evacuating nearby settlements as a heatwave raged. Forest and wildfires are also crippling Italy, Germany and France. But according to Eurointelligence, EU member states have shown little planning for the scorching temperatures despite several warnings received in the past few year. As they pointed out: "In the EU all member states have a climate adaptation position in their budget, but it is either underfunded or lacking a proper plan. "Only half of the 27 EU countries have a heat emergency health plan in place. "France is one exception, with its municipal plan to protect and alert its citizens, implemented after the devastating heat wave in 2003. "In Germany, local authorities seem unprepared. "Die Zeit found that 80 percent of the 300 district communities have no local heat plan in place. "Yet heat-related deaths seem relatively high in Germany, and the federal environment ministry called upon them five years ago to do so." A wildfire that started in mountainous forests on Lesbos in the Aegean Sea near Turkey on Saturday, burning properties at the beach resort of Vatera, was still raging, forcing the evacuation of two more villages - Vrisa and Stavros. In mainland Greece a new wildfire threatened homes at Krestena in the western Peloponnese, forcing the evacuation of Gryllos village. "The flames have encircled Krestena, there are reports of damaged homes, we need help," Anastasios Karnaros, a town council member, told Greek broadcaster Open TV. READ MORE: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinations Temperatures hit 40 degrees Celsius in parts of Greece on Sunday as a heatwave that has hit other parts of Europe spread east and was expected to last for most of the coming week, according to meteorologists. In the north of the country, a wildfire continued to ravage a pristine forest near Dadia, a natural habitat for black vultures, burning for a fourth day as authorities struggled to contain its destruction. "We are dealing with difficult terrain and access with winds changing direction," Civil Protection Minister Christos Stylianidis, coordinating efforts from the air and on the ground, told state TV ERT. Vatera, an 8 km (five mile) long sandy beach in the southern part of Lesbos, is a popular tourist spot. DON'T MISS:South Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea [INSIGHT]Truss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency law [ANALYSIS]Brexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’ [VIDEO] Lesbos was at the forefront of Europe's refugee crisis six years ago. The wildfire there burned homes and injured one firefighter. Greece is suffering a second consecutive summer of wildfires this year. A wildfire in mountains near Athens last week damaged homes and forced hundreds of people to flee, with authorities calling this summer one of the toughest in the Mediterranean. Last year, wildfires ravaged about 300,000 acres of forest and bushland across Greece during the country's worst heatwave in 30 years.