Ruth Langsford, 62, was taken aback when her husband Eamonn Holmes, 62, shared a throwback photograph from when he was just 21-years-old. In the snap, a youthful Eamonn lay on a tennis court wearing a white Adidas top and very small white shorts. The shorts left little to the imagination and only covered the very top of his thigh. The GB News host shared the snap as he watched Nick Kyrgios and Novac Djokovic play in the Wimbledon men’s final 2022. He penned to his 757,000 followers: “Circa 1980...Maybe I could have been a contender if I'd have stuck at it. What a day to play #scorcher️ #wimbledon #Djokovic #kyrgios #Mensfinal.”The snap quickly caught the attention of Ruth and she left a very flirtatious comment for her husband. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Along with a fire emoji, the Loose Women panellist exclaimed: “Have you still got those shorts?!!!" Eamonn then confirmed that he does still have them, although he probably won’t be wearing them anytime soon.He replied: “Yeah but I can't get them above my ankles.”Ruth wasn’t the only woman to get a bit hot under the collar after seeing Eamonn’s photograph. Brunette bombshell Laila Rouass also took to the comments and teased: “Oh Eamonn. Now I’m really hot & bothered.”Vanessa Feltz echoed: “You are still hot hot hot!”Eamonn’s GMTV co-star Anthea Turner said: “Freaking hell mate!!”And a stunned Alice Beer added: “Oh my!” DON'T MISS'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband[INSIGHT]Regé-Jean Page defends Florence Pugh 'Take a look at yourself fellas!'[LATEST]Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon[NEWS] It comes after Eamonn was awarded News Presenter of the Year at the TRIC Awards 2022.He won the prize following his work on GB News’ breakfast show alongside Isabel Webster.The move came after Eamonn had presented ITV’s GMTV from 1993-2005 and This Morning from 2006-2021. After accepting his award, Eamonn couldn’t help but take aim at his former employer. He remarked: “I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me.“Good Morning Britain we're coming for you!"In a follow-up press conference, Eamonn said he is “very proud” of the award and that it “meant a lot this year particularly,” referencing his departure from This Morning.Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekly from 6am on GB News.