Barcelona head coach Xavi Hernandez has remained coy on the future of Frenkie de Jong despite president Joan Laporta suggesting that the Dutchman will stay with the La Liga club. Manchester United and Chelsea are both interested in signing the midfielder, who faces an uncertain time. United have chased De Jong all summer after new boss Erik ten Hag earmarked the 25-year-old as a top target. An initial £65million fee was even agreed with Barca, but it is unclear if the player wants to move. De Jong is believed to be owed around £14-17m in deferred wages. Reports have also suggested that he is unsure whether a switch to Old Trafford would be a step up in his career. Barca would need the Netherlands international to reduce his £360,000 per-week salary to remain at Camp Nou. Last week, Laporta said those discussions were ongoing. JUST IN: Chelsea ‘tell Barcelona they will bid for De Jong' in Man Utd blow But Xavi has failed to go as far as confirming that De Jong will be a Barcelona player next season. He told journalists on Saturday: “I don't know if he's going to stay here. I’ve never sent Frenkie a message. There's still time and a lot of things can still happen. Some onlookers had wondered whether De Jong playing in an unfamiliar centre-back position during pre-season was evidence of Xavi telling the former Ajax man that he has no future at the club. However, the former Spain midfielder has denied those suggestions, adding: “The fact that he played as a central defender in the other games was not a sign that he was leaving.” It comes after president Laporta insisted that there is a ‘strong possibility’ of De Jong staying at Barca. The 60-year-old is keen for the playmaker to sign a new contract on reduced terms to help the club ease their financial problems. DON'T MISS...Man Utd may deal Man City devastating setback if they clinch De JongEngland's White could match Man Utd icon Wayne Rooney in Euro finalMan Utd have four wonderkids who can wow Ten Hag and save millions “In football, you never know. I can't say categorically. It all depends on the different parties. But in principle, I can say there is a strong possibility he stays, and I can say as president I will do my best for him to stay at Barcelona. “The first thing to say is we want Frenkie to stay at Barcelona. We love the player and him as a human being. I want him to stay at Barcelona. He's a high-quality player and a good guy. I also know that he wants to stay.” United apparently remain hopeful of concluding their long-pursuit of De Jong by striking a deal. Reports from the Spanish press this week claim that Chelsea have stepped up their interest and could hijack United’s move.