Russia today resumed pumping gas via this, its biggest pipeline to Europe, following a 10-day outage. Despite the reopening of supplies, officials have noted that uncertainty remains. Even before the outage began on July 11, gas flows had been cut by 60 percent of the pipeline’s capacity in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine. Resumed flows are back at this 40 percent level, figures show. A spokesperson told Reuters: “We are in process of resuming gas transportation. “It can take few hours to reach the nominated transport volumes.” By 8am UK time, physical flows had returned to pre-maintenance levels (29,289,682 kilowatt hour/hour). Klaus Mueller, President of Germany's network regulator, said the continuation of the 40 percent cap was a sign the row over energy supplies was far from over. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “The political uncertainty and the 60 percent cut from mid-June unfortunately remain.” Mr Mueller added that “there is still no reason to sound the all-clear”. READ MORE: SNP savage Jacob Rees-Mogg over cost of Brexit job Under new plans, EU members could be expected to ration gas by at least 15 percent. The EU Commission President said: “I know this is a big ask, for the whole of the EU. But it is necessary to protect us.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The reopening of the pipeline this morning has only quietened rather than silenced fears about a long-lasting energy crisis. Russia has, however, denied the accusation put forward by the EU of any “blackmailing” in Moscow. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: “Putin has quite comprehensively explained that it's wrong to talk about any pressure, any blackmail. “This is an absolutely wrong statement and we categorically deny it.” He instead pointed the finger at Brussels, arguing that “the restrictions imposed by the Europeans are the reason for their problems”.