Tottenham striker Harry Kane has reportedly emerged as a surprise transfer target for Bayern Munich over the last few weeks. The German champions are currently on the lookout for a new first-choice forward to succeed Robert Lewandowski, who recently left the Allianz Arena after an eight-year spell on their books in order to join Barcelona. Kane is said to be among the strikers on Bayern's radar in advance of the new campaign in spite of his crucial importance to Antonio Conte's first-team plans in north London. He has already suggested that he would not be willing to consider the idea of a move abroad, though, which could dash Bayern's hopes of rubber-stamping his signature over the course of this summer."I guess injuries would be the biggest thing," Kane previously told The Overlap when quizzed on what could stop him from breaking Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League scoring record between now and the end of his career."Obviously I’ve had injuries, ankle injuries and I haven’t had anything that’s kept me out for months and months, touch wood, but I guess for me I think injuries would be the biggest thing stopping me. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa draw "Of course there’s always the option of maybe moving abroad one day, but I don’t think that really interests me in the near future."Bayern have already reached out to Kane's camp to gauge his interest in a potential move to Germany at the end of the upcoming Premier League season, according to Bild. Bayern chief Oliver Kahn recently insisted that he would be very happy to welcome Kane to the club in the not-too-distant future, but it remains to be seen whether the England ace can eventually be convinced to leave his country of birth over the coming months. "[Kane is] an absolute top striker, but that's all a dream of the future," said Kahn in response to the ongoing speculation over Kane's long-term future at Tottenham. "Now we have to look at getting the squad together for the current season. Let's see what else happens."Kane was heavily linked with a move to Manchester City a year ago and was said to have asked Tottenham for permission to leave the club in order to join the Premier League champions. He was ultimately denied the opportunity to do so but still appears to have an uncertain future with his current employers as things stand despite being tied down until the summer of 2024. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here