Sir Keir Starmer was asked where he "got the guts" to show his face in Liverpool after failing traditional Labour Party voters in the area with his conduct. An angry pensioner cut into a public meeting Sir Keir was holding to unleash all her frustration over his record, accusing him of feeding "into the Tory ideology" with his failure to deliver on his election pledges. In a video shared on social media, the woman said: "Can I just say that? "I don't know how you've got the guts to come to this city after you have been interviewed and doing columns for the Sun newspaper, after the way we as a city, the Hillsborough victims were abused by that paper, and you've come here. "Secondly, you lied to us about uniting the party. "I'm still a Labour Party member, and you've expelled and witch-hunted in the most vicious way I've ever seen in my lifetime, and I've been a member of the Labour Party for a long, long time." She continued: "You have absolutely said you had ten pledges, you are going to carry on the Corbyn legacy, and ever since you've done nothing, but distance yourself from the ideas which tens of thousands of people join the Labour Party to support. "All you've done this feed into the Tory ideology of not supporting strikes and of carrying on with the privatisation of our health care. “You’re doing everything to feed into a Tory victory. “We may as well have a Tory if we have a person like you who lies to the party. READ MORE: GMB viewers 'switch off' over 'pointless' Starmer interview “You’re dishonest “Our health service is going right down the pan “You have a big responsibility for the working class people of this country One of Kier Starmer’s security guards then approached the woman to ask her to leave. DON'T MISS: Starmer squirms as Balls exposes key nationalization plan flaw [WATCH]Bombshell poll exposes huge split in voters on next PM [LISTEN]BBC Breakfast host exasperated by Starmer’s lack of plan [INSIGHT] As the security guard got closer to the angry pensioner, she said: “Excuse me, don’t be getting physical with me." The guard responded: “I’m not touching you. “Can you move back please?" She replied and concluded: “You are touching me, you’re touching my breast". READ NEXT: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinationsSouth Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to USQueen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice'Poison running in blood' Harry sparks fears