The cheeky comment came as the royal visited Birmingham for the Commonwealth games. The bystander yelled: "Charles, can we go for a beer." In response, the Prince of Wales joked: "Where? Recommend somewhere." Charles was representing his mother, the Queen, at the sporting event. This comes as she continues to take a step back from royal duties as a result of her sporadic mobility issues. The 96-year-old monarch is currently on her summer holiday in Balmoral, Scotland. Prince Charles is on his way to join her at the estate following his appearance at the Commonwealth Games.  The Queen is likely to have watched the games from the comfort of her home, with royal commentator Robert Hardman speculating that she must have been "delighted" to see organisers paying homage to the Duke of Edinburgh during one section of the show. The opening ceremony of the show celebrated Birmingham's automotive industry, with 72 Birmingham-made cars being driven into the arena to form a Union Jack display. A Land Rover -a car famously loved by the Duke of Edinburgh - was at the centre of the lineup with the number plate reading "HRH PP" - His Royal Highness Prince Philip. Mr Hardman explained: "This was a homage to the late Prince Philip, who famously went to his maker last year aboard a very similar vehicle. "Watching it all on telly up at Balmoral, it is safe to say that the Queen must have been delighted. "Though absent from the proceedings, her enduring influence was a recurring sight on the giant video screens, from bygone Commonwealth tours right up to her recent Jubilee." Prince Charles and Camilla arrived at the ceremony in their vintage Aston Martin DB86. The Queen appeared on a giant TV screen at the opening ceremony in a video highlighting her 70 years on the throne. She also wrote a speech, which was delivered at the ceremony by Prince Charles. She described the games as a "novel adventure" and paid tribute to Birmingham, a city which she said has "embraced so many throughout its history". The monarch praised the "rich diversity and unity of the Commonwealth". She said: "Over the years, the coming together of so many for the ‘Friendly Games’ has created memorable shared experiences, established long-standing relationships, and even created some friendly rivalries. "But above all they remind us of our connection with one another, wherever we may be in the world, as part of the Commonwealth family of nations. "Tonight, in the words of the founder of the Games, we embark once again on a novel adventure here in Birmingham."