July is an exciting time for gardeners, with everything from green winter vegetables and light salad leaves ready to plant and a host of flowering plants ready to be pruned. While there’s an endless list of gardening jobs to do throughout the month, what should gardeners be adding to your beds, borders, patches and pots now? Green-fingered Brits wanting to keep gardens fresh and blooming throughout the late summer are being urged to get planting now. The outdoors experts at GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have shared some of the best plants and veggies to sow in UK gardens right now, in time for the late summer. Even as the end of summer begins to creep up, there’s no reason to abandon summery plants and colours just yet. For Brits wanting to make the most of the summer’s end, there are plenty of bright flowers and delicious foods to start planting right now, which will grow into the late summer. READ MORE: ‘Really important’ tip to ensure tomato plants survive hot weather A spokesperson for GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “Now is the perfect time to begin sowing a variety of plants and foods which will be ready in time for a late attractive summer display and a fresh garden harvest. “This list is full of the best flowers which will be in bloom at the end of the season, as well as the finest foods in preparation for the last of fresh summer dining.” To finish off those late summer salads, plant speedy and productive salad leaves now, according to the expert. Lettuce and other salad leaves are a quick and easy crop – sow seed continually from March to September for fresh salad for the best part of a year. DON'T MISS: Bob Geldof’s private live in the picturesque town of faversham [INSIGHT]'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [COMMENT]‘Effective’ way to banish mould and bacteria from washing machines [EXPERT] Sow seed in shallow drills or in pots. Thin seedlings to 30cm for hearting lettuces and simply harvest young leaves as and when for cut-and-come-again varieties. Choose to sow “cut and come again” lettuces, such as Red Cos and Green Bataria, to be ready for harvest as baby leaves in just a few weeks. Create delicious home grown salads for a fresh end to the summer. Summer isn’t complete without fresh strawberries. Purchase potted strawberry plants now and sow them into the soil straight away. READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' The expert explained: “It will only take around eight weeks of regular feeding and watering before the red, juicy fruits will be ready to eat - delicious on their own or with fresh cream.” Sow flowers now for them to quickly grow into a colourful array of late summer blooms: plant nigella seeds, tulbaghia, and phlox paniculata. The gardening pro said: “These border flowers are low maintenance yet produce an attractive display.” Bring garden borders to life towards the end of summer. There are several flowers to plant now to inject more colour into gardens during the late summer. For this end of summer bloom, sow in plants such as crocosmia, Californian lilac, and ceanothus, for a spectacular, no fuss, end of season flowering. Crocosmias in particular are multi-flowered perennials that come in a range of fiery colours. Easy to grow, they thrive in a range of soil types, in sun or partial shade. Plant with dahlias, salvias and cannas for a sumptuous mid-to-late summer display.