Chelsea are keen to sign Raheem Sterling this summer and have reportedly reached the final stages of their discussions with Manchester City over a transfer. The England forward is said to be open to a move to west London after seven years at the Etihad Stadium.   Sterling has been a star player for the Citizens since turning his back on Liverpool to join the club in 2015 and has helped his team win four Premier League titles, five League Cups and one FA Cup. But he is no longer a guaranteed starter at the Etihad Stadium and was often left out of Pep Guardiola’s team during the last campaign. Sterling could only muster a place on the bench in both legs of City’s Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid last season as the Citizens were knocked out following a late second leg comeback from the Spaniards. And the 27-year-old was also left out of the City team for their Premier League title-decider against Aston Villa on the final day of the campaign. With Phil Foden now ahead of Sterling in the City pecking order, the former Anfield favourite could see even fewer minutes next season if he stays where he is. And, according to CBS Sports Golazo, there is now confidence from Chelsea and City that a deal will go through. JUST IN: William Saliba's 'leaked' Arsenal shirt number provides huge hint on team-mate's future    There is still some negotiation to be done but the price discussed is similar to the amount Arsenal paid for Gabriel Jesus. The Gunners shelled out £45million to sign the Brazil international, although the deal is yet to be officially announced - and City always wanted £90m for their two talented attackers. Sterling has played 337 times for the Citizens since joining them and has racked-up an impressive 131 goals and 94 assists for the side. He has reached double figures for Premier League goals in each of the last five seasons, with his best return coming during the 2019/20 campaign as he found the back of the net 20 times in 33 matches. And his arrival at Stamford Bridge would come as a huge boost to the Blues. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough      Chelsea endured a difficult campaign last time around as they were faced with an uncertain future when their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned in the wake of his country’s invasion of Ukraine. And they also had their struggles on the pitch as they faced problems in front of goal at key times after Romelu Lukaku flopped following his return to the club. The club has now been sold to Todd Boehly, while Lukaku has been allowed to go back to Inter Milan. And it appears to be a new era at Stamford Bridge, with the Blues tipped to make a whole host of signings this summer. If Sterling eventually does put pen-to-paper on a deal in the capital, he could provide a new attacking impetus which might just allow the Blues to compete for Premier League honours alongside the likes of City and Liverpool. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here