The three of us have seen first-hand how hard governing can be. We have been at the heart of the big decisions taken to protect our nation’s health, borders and national security. Our next Prime Minister needs to be able to hit the ground running from day one. They need a clear plan for action and a track record of delivery. That is why we are united in believing Liz Truss is the right person to lead our party and our great country. Nothing reveals the calibre of a leader clearer than a crisis. Liz has shown her mettle in response to Putin’s war, the gravest threat to our security and the international order this generation has ever faced. As soon as the Russian troops stepped onto Ukraine’s sovereign soil, Liz moved decisively as Foreign Secretary to target those complicit in the brutality with hard-hitting sanctions. She spearheaded our world-leading response, with the United Kingdom sanctioning more individuals and organisations than any other country. She stepped up as a stateswoman to galvanise the international community to act in lockstep with similar strength. In an increasingly uncertain world, Liz has rightly recognised that there can be no substitute to keep us safe than hard military power, backed up by intelligence and diplomacy. She has been prepared to put her money where her mouth is by leading calls for greater spending on defence, pushing for it to rise to three per cent of GDP. Liz would tackle the cost of living crisis with the same drive and determination. The next election will be won by whoever has the clearest and most credible plan to deal with it. That is why our best hope of turning things around lies in uniting under her leadership to deliver real change for the Red and Blue Wall alike.  Liz would slash taxes to put more money back in the pockets of hard-pressed working people and families up and down the United Kingdom. She would reverse the National Insurance rise and introduce a moratorium on energy levies to bring down average bills. She would review the taxation of families to ensure people are not penalised for taking time out to care for their children or elderly relatives. Liz’s plan is bold and built on true blue Tory principles: aspiration, enterprise and ambition. She is determined to champion people’s aspirations and unleash their potential, having seen when growing up in Leeds how talent went to waste under the watch of the Left. She would put rocket-boosters on our levelling up agenda by creating new low-tax and low-regulation zones to channel investment into local communities up and down our country. She would ensure fiscal prudence and curb the growth of the Whitehall blob with the same vigour with which she kept a tight rein on public spending at the Treasury. Since the referendum, Liz has flown the flag for our great country’s potential outside the European Union. She defied the doubters as Trade Secretary by striking dozens of trade deals with major markets such as Australia and Japan. She developed legislation to solve the problems with the Northern Ireland Protocol in a legal way which upholds the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and delivers for people across our precious union. Liz is ready to go further and faster to seize the benefits of Brexit, such as by accelerating our process of regulatory divergence. In doing so, she will cement our status as a global hub for innovation, ideas and investment. With less than two years to go until the next election, we need to focus relentlessly on delivering on our promises. Liz is the only candidate who can unite the Red and Blue Wall by ensuring spades are in the ground, more people are in jobs and more money is being generated by local areas. Liz has broad appeal across the party. She is ready to be Prime Minister from day one. She would lead a government of all the talents, which brings together the best and brightest. 