One cleaner told fans she was "blown away" by the Zep Grout Cleaner and Brightener. She used the "TikTok grout cleaner", also known as Zep on her kitchen floor. The cleaning product has gone viral on TikTok, with a number of rave reviews. Videos showing the results from using the Zep Grout Cleaner have over 800 million views. Producers of the cleaner say it is an "exceptional grout scrub" that "deep cleans grout lines and lifts stains." It is "safe on most floors", the company claims, including coloured and white grout. the product can be bought at Screwfix for £6.99 or on Amazon, although it is sold out in many locations. The product has a whopping 75 percent five star reviews on Amazon. READ MORE: Shaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout 'surprisingly good cleaner' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea TikTok user Girlie With a Drill, who has amassed almost 20k followers as she updates her NYC apartment, used the cleaner on her kitchen floor. The cleaner said she was "so impressed" by the results. She said: "I like the tile in my kitchen but it needed a good clean. "So I got the TikTok grout cleaner. It was a lot more work and took much longer than I expected. "I had to basically flood my kitchen to mop it all up." DON'T MISSKim Woodburn's method to 'get the muck off' your washing machine [EXPERT] Shaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout [HACK] How to clean grout: Cleaning guru's choice product means [INSIGHT] The cleaner poured the product over her floor and used a scrubbing brush to work it into the grout. She then left the product to soak for 20 minutes before washing it away with water. She said: "I was blown away by how much dirt it got out of my grout. "Since the water didn't run clean after one pass, I did it again. "I will probably do it a third time, but I'm so impressed." Other TikTok users have reported similar results. One, who goes by the username @vicmagnifique, described the cleaner as a "miracle" after using it on her dirty grout. Another, @cleaning.n.living, video herself using the wonder product. In awe, she said: "Do you see the dirt that is coming out? I literally just mopped. Look at all that dirt." Grout can be cleaned with a store-bought specialist cleaner or a homemade paste can be used to lift grout away. A paste can be made in two parts bicarb of soda to one part water. Use a toothbrush to rub the mixture onto dirty grout. Once this is done, spray vinegar over the mixture, which will bubble. Scrub away the dirt and rinse with water.