Katie Boulter has been moved off Centre Court for the biggest match of her career on Saturday when she takes on Harmony Tan in the third round of Wimbledon. Boulter is playing in the third round of a major for the first time after her sensational win over Karolina Pliskova on Thursday.  The 25-year-old has had to contend with a bout of fitness issues over the years but has managed to put that behind her this week. She comfortably beat French star Clara Burel in the opening round to set up a fascinating rematch with Pliskova after the Brit won their match just last week in Eastbourne. The blockbuster clash was was moved onto Centre Court as the first match on Thursday with Boulter losing the opening set. But the Brit managed to rally with the support of the British crowd behind her and win the tiebreak in the second. The British crowd were getting into it in the third and raising the roof inside Centre Court every time Boulter won a point. And the noise levels were electric when Boulter eventually broke Pliskova to then serve for the match.  Boulter was reduced to tears in her on-court interview after dedicating the impressive win to her late grandmother, who passed away two days prior. But her reward for progressing to the third round of a slam for the first time in her career has been for Wimbledon to take her off Centre Court. Boulter won't even be on Court One in a controversial Intended Order of Play for Saturday. The Brit will be first up on Court 2, with play set to start at 11am.  Centre Court's order of play will start with Coco Gauff against Amanda Anisimova in an all-American clash, followed by Paula Badosa's match against Petra Kvitova. Rafael Nadal's clash with Lorenzo Sonego will end the day's play on Centre. There will be some British presence on the main courts though with Boulter's boyfriend, Alex De Minaur, facing Liam Broady on Court One first. World No 1 Iga Swiatek will follow that match with her third-round tie against Alize Cornet. Arguably the biggest and most anticipated match of the day will be Nick Kyrgios' clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas, which is scheduled last on Court One.