Cristiano Ronaldo is set to play the waiting game for a second successive summer as he looks to force a move away from Manchester United, according to reports. Ronaldo re-joined United late in the window last summer and is set for another game of patience this year. The Portuguese superstar returned to the Red Devils' training ground on Tuesday for crunch talks over his future. United and manager Erik ten Hag are in the same camp that the 37-year-old is not for sale and will not be leaving. Ronaldo has entered the final year of his contract at Old Trafford. He was the club's leading goalscorer last season with 24 strikes to his name but is looking to move to a club competing in the Champions League. He maintains the stance that he wants to leave and has told Ten Hag. However, it is not set to be easy for him. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes, who was also present at the meeting on Tuesday, will continue to look around at possible destinations for his client. Ronaldo will have to adopt a tactic familiar to him by waiting until late in the window. He had to use that approach last year as he attempted to get out of Juve. Ronaldo was long linked with a move away from the Old Lady and he held talks with Manchester City over a potential switch to the Etihad. However, United stepped in and secured a deal to bring him back to the club. Now the shoe is on the other foot and United are in the same position Juve were 12 months ago. Ten Hag has remained confident throughout his short reign at the club so far that Ronaldo will be staying. He even hinted the option of him extending his contract for another season could be activated. DON'T MISSEriksen 'scores on Man Utd debut' as Martinez makes bow in friendlyArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedHow Man Utd players treated Ronaldo at Carrington with '10 words spoken'  Whether Ronaldo could adapt to Ten Hag's style of play has been a question mark. But the Dutchman is confident he can start the defensive press from the front. "I think Cristiano is capable of doing that," Ten Hag said. "In his career he has shown everything. "I have set my demands. We want to play in a certain way. A top player can contribute and Ronaldo is an absolute top player in our squad. "The players dictate the way you play. Especially players who score goals because they are extremely important for a team. You construct your team around them."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt