 Prince George celebrates his ninth birthday on Friday. The future king is understood to be on holiday with his family this week, as the five royals were spotted boarding a helicopter close to Kensington Palace on Monday. George and his two siblings — seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis — broke up for the summer holidays earlier this month.  The three Cambridge children have been attending school in London for the past few years, but in the new academic year, they will be enrolling in new schools near Windsor. It has recently emerged that Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are planning to move from their Kensington Palace residence to a new home nearer Queen Elizabeth II’s primary residence. They will reportedly relocate to Adelaide Cottage — a large property tucked within the 4,800-acre Windsor Great Park — which is just half a mile from Windsor Castle. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are believed to be moving to be closer to the monarch so that they are in a better position to provide assistance. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry and the Royal Family: Where did it all go wrong?  The Queen has taken a step back from public duties in recent months due to a bout of ill health and ongoing mobility issues. Kate and William have taken on more prominent roles within the Firm as a result, carrying out more engagements, taking on some of the monarch’s responsibilities, roles and patronages and undertaking important Royal Tours. It is this latter responsibility that reportedly upset the Cambridges’ eldest son. During a visit to Northern Ireland last year, Kate and William toured the University of Ulster’s Magee campus in Derry.   There, they chatted with some of the students and even stopped off at the on-campus petting zoo, where William was overheard talking about George. While getting acquainted with one of the zoo’s pythons, the Duke reportedly mentioned his son’s love of animals, revealing that George would be “so upset” over not being there. According to Hello magazine, William said: “George is going to be so upset. The children are not going to believe I did this.” Meanwhile, Kate, who was holding a tarantula, spoke of the family’s own animals, including their “lots of chickens”. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL]Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [ANALYSIS]  She said: “We’ve had lots of animals during lockdown,” adding “animals are often like therapy.” The Cambridges welcomed their dog Orla, who accompanied them on their holiday, to the family back in 2020 following the death of their nine-year-old family dog Lupo. They received the black spaniel from Kate’s brother James Middleton, who welcomed a litter of cocker spaniels that year. At the time, James revealed on social media that his dog Luna had given birth to six healthy puppies and that they all had "lovely homes waiting for them".  Orla was first introduced to the world in May when she was featured in Charlotte’s birthday portraits, taken by Kate. She has since made her public debut, accompanying Kate and William at ​​the Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022 at Guards Polo Club earlier this month. George has seemingly inherited his father’s love for animals and passion for conservation. During lockdown, the young royal was so concerned about endangered animals in Africa that he organised a cake sale to raise funds for a charity fighting for the cause.  Charlie Mayhew, chief executive of Tusk, said that the prince wrote a “very sweet card about it” telling of his concern for endangered species on the continent. William is Royal Patron of Tusk, a conservation charity that focuses on Africa, and is a prominent campaigner on environmental issues. Mr Mayhew told GB News: "Prince George very sweetly did a little cake sale to raise money for Tusk during lockdown and wrote a very sweet card about it, clearly demonstrating his concern for Africa’s wildlife.” William has spoken publicly of how he is not willing to look his children in the eye and tell them his was the generation that let wildlife such as elephants and tigers go extinct “on our watch”.