Erik ten Hag is braced to feature Anthony Martial in his plans for the upcoming campaign after giving him a chance to impress during pre-season. Martial seemed destined to depart Manchester United this summer after his loan exit in January, but the club's transfer market struggles could be the catalyst for a resurgence at Old Trafford. Aside from his impressive 2019/20 season, in which he netted 23 goals in 48 appearances, Martial has struggled to live up to the hype of his £36million arrival in 2015. Last term, he netted just twice in 23 games for United and Sevilla, seemingly spelling the end of his time at the club. However, Ten Hag was expected to bolster his attack in the transfer window and United have failed to do so. Therefore, he could be included in the Dutchman's plans after the revitalised start to his pre-season campaign against Liverpool, scoring and being named Man of the Match in a 4-0 rout. According to talkSPORT, United figures are encouraging Ten Hag to find a role for Martial among his lean attacking options. The Red Devils believe Martial could save them millions of pounds in the transfer market if he rediscovers his scintillating best form under new management. JUST IN: Chelsea 'decide against Ronaldo transfer' as Man Utd hopes boosted Ten Hag had identified Darwin Nunez as his priority attacking signing ahead of the summer transfer window. However, United fell asleep during their pursuit and allowed Liverpool to swoop in to complete a quick £85m deal for the Uruguayan. They moved on to attempting a potential reunion with Ajax winger Antony. But despite the 22-year-old's eagerness to join Ten Hag in Manchester, the Dutch Eredivisie have priced United out of a move. It's now understood that it's increasingly unlikely the club will match his £60m asking price this summer. READ MORE: Ronaldo 'makes decision on £210m offer' as Man Utd change stance With Cristiano Ronaldo set to stay at Old Trafford this season due to a lack of concrete interest in taking up his escape pleas, he joins Martial, Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga as Ten Hag's senior attacking options. The Dutchman could also call on Amad, Facundo Pellistri and Alejandro Garnacho, depending on whether he sees their development best placed out on loan. But his options are slim, especially in a hectic campaign intensified by a winter World Cup. So regardless of Martial's form, United would be taking a risk by opting against attacking reinforcements. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt