And another shambolic weekend at British airports saw continued staff shortages and lengthy queues for check-in and security at major travel hubs. On Saturday a technical fault with Heathrow’s fuel system meant outbound planes were unable to take off. And at Stansted weary passengers were forced to sleep on the floor after a flurry of cancellations. The grim scenes will panic millions of families planning to holiday abroad when schools break up. Some 20 millions Brits are planning to jet off over the next three months. After being grounded by the pandemic, families are anxious to take a break. This is the first restriction-free holiday season since 2019. But airports and airlines have been blamed for failing to properly prepare, with hundreds of flights cancelled because there are not enough staff to cope with soaring demand. Under-fire airports blame staff shortages, unresolved issues with baggage handling services and a lack of security staff. Thousands of aviation jobs were lost during the pandemic and many businesses have struggled to recruit enough new staff in time to deal with resurgent demand for travel following the easing of rules. Heathrow and Gatwick have pre-emptively cancelled flights, limiting the number of planes departing daily, and demanded airlines reconsider their summer schedules and inform passengers of changes early. More scrapped flights are set to be ­announced within days, with an industry insider saying: “Getting enough staff in the right places is our best, and last, hope to save summer holidays.”  Meanwhile, spooked ministers have offered an “amnesty” to the rules on airport slots, allowing airlines to change schedules without facing a potential penalty. They have until Friday to take up the offer. But many fed-up families are poised to abandon their plans and seek a staycation instead, with a rush on UK accommodation expected in the next week. A Heathrow spokesman said: “We expect an extremely busy summer season and we’re working hard to ramp-up our operations for the summer peak as quickly as we can with the same level of security officers this summer as in 2019 and we have reopened Terminal 4 which will be serving over 30 airlines by mid-July.” And a Gatwick spokesman stressed: “We introduced the cap on flight numbers this summer in cooperation with our airlines, so the flight numbers we set are based on the ground handling resources the airlines will have – so we are confident this measure will stop the last-minute cancellations.” To further compound the crisis, passengers face the prospect of disruption from strikes involving airline staff over summer. British Airways staff at Heathrow are set to walk out on the day most schools break up in a dispute over a 10 percent pay cut handed to check-in and ground-handling staff during the pandemic. Unions want the pay fully reinstated. In Spain, Easyjet staff walked out last week and have two more strikes planned later this month. Industrial action is also expected in France, Italy, Germany, Ireland and Scandinavia.  In a desperate attempt to salvage the summer, security checks for new ­airport bag handlers are being fast-tracked. Counter-terrorism clearance has been slashed from 20 days to 10 – and airside aviation staff, including baggage ­screeners, coach drivers and ­maintenance crews, are at the top of the queue for suitability checks by police and MI5. Chris Woodroofe, Manchester Airport’s new boss, promised the situation will improve but urged passengers to arrive three hours before their flight for the rest of the summer, as he tackles staff shortages, long queues and delays. “There are still going to be difficult periods,” he admitted, adding: “We are still on a recruitment ramp-up and security officers are going to be fairly new, and they are still finding their feet.” But taxi driver John Scarlett, 34, whose company JMS Topgear Travel regularly takes customers to and from Manchester Airport, lamented: “For taxi drivers at the airport, time is money. We can’t afford to be sat there waiting.” Meanwhile, Michael O’Leary, CEO of Ryanair, said fares that cost less than a train ticket to the airport are “absurd”. He predicted prices will rise for the next five years as soaring fuel costs and environmental charges take their toll. He said in an interview: “It has been my doing [making air travel cheap]…But ultimately I don’t believe air travel is sustainable over the medium term at an average fare of €40. It’s too cheap. But I think, you know, it will still be very cheap and affordable at €50 and €60.”  Meanwhile, Michael O’Leary, CEO of Ryanair, said fares that cost less than a train ticket to the airport are “absurd”. He predicted prices will rise for the next five years as soaring fuel costs and environmental charges take their toll. He said in an interview: “It has been my doing [making air travel cheap]…But ultimately I don’t believe air travel is sustainable over the medium term at an average fare of €40. It’s too cheap. But I think, you know, it will still be very cheap and affordable at €50 and €60.”  A passenger  flying from Heathrow has bemoaned the long wait times at Terminal 2 – as he described how “space is at a premium”. Craig Lester, 49, who was travelling to Shannon, Ireland yesterday morning, said: “There simply is not enough space to queue. “At security, wait times are lengthy. It took me more than 90 minutes from walking into the terminal until I eventually got through security. “I hate to see what it will look like during school holidays in August.” Craig, from north Devon, said he also witnessed “flare-ups” between the public and airport employees, adding: “The staff are under pressure, I can’t blame them.” He later called his aeroplane seat “unbelievably uncomfortable”.