 Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and her husband Prince Charles returned from a three-day tour of the Southwest on Wednesday. The couple travelled to the seaside county of Cornwall for a whirlwind trip of meeting locals, visiting small businesses and stopping by major attractions. Cornwall is famously the namesake of the couple’s royal titles, the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall, a moniker that Charles has held since 1973, and Camilla received when she married into the Royal Family in 2005.  The Duchess of Cornwall has arguably had her most prominent year in the royal fold to date this year. In February, Queen Elizabeth II expressed her “sincere wish” for Camilla to become Queen Consort once the Prince of Wales ascends the throne, not only showing her support for her daughter-in-law but also signifying how far the Duchess has come since she was introduced to the world as Charles’ mistress. More recently, Camilla has been at the centre of royal watchers’ attention as she marked a significant milestone. The Duchess celebrated her 75th birthday over the weekend and did so with a host of royal engagements and exciting projects — one of which was guest-editing a special issue of Country Life. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry and the Royal Family: Where did it all go wrong?  Camilla showed off her editorial prowess by selecting creative contributors — including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, who was the talent behind the camera for the cover photograph — commissioning pieces and even penning her own articles. In a joint arrangement with Country Life, The Australian Women's Weekly’s Editor-At-Large Juliet Rieden sat down with the Duchess to chat about everything from her childhood in East Sussex to her future as Queen Consort. During the interview, Camilla also reflected on her relationship with her late father-in-law Prince Philip, who died in April 2021 at the age of 99. She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh was always a very good ear.  "He was a role model to me and a very good person to take advice from because he always told me what he thought." Some royal commentators have since claimed that the Duchess plans to follow in the footsteps of the Duke, but one expert has argued that she already does emulate Philip. Dr Robert Morris from University College London’s Constitution Unit told Express.co.uk that Camilla is “doing a good job” of continuing her father-in-law’s legacy. When asked how the Duchess will follow in the footsteps of the Queen’s consort, Dr Morris said: “Well, I think she is already doing a good job of it. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private jet [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? [VOTE]'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change as William to step up [LATEST]  “She has certainly — and quietly — put her back into it and I think that has been appreciated greatly.” Following the Queen confirming her desire for Camilla to become Queen Consort, it was reported that the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will be crowned side-by-side. Dissimilarly, Philip was not crowned during his wife Queen Elizabeth II's coronation ceremony in 1953. However, in 1957, the Queen made him an official Prince of the United Kingdom, which she declared in a new letters patent. Dr Morris, a constitutional expert, claimed that the coronation is likely to be at Westminster Abbey, but will be of a smaller scale than the Queen's. He added: “The law is quite clear, she [Camilla] will become Queen and she will be anointed in a coronation ceremony — less lavish than her husband — but anointed nonetheless.  “And the Queen has made that explicit. The reaction, so far, seems to be not unfavourable and Camilla has become more accepted by the population. Who would want to kick an old couple at the moment they succeed? “It looks as though they are going to be accepted without real difficulty.” While polling has shown that public opinion in the UK remains largely divided on the subject of Camilla being called Queen, the lack of backlash, once her royal future was sealed by the current monarch, proved that the question mark over the Duchess’ head is no longer.  Public opinion of the Duchess has come a long way since she was first on the royal scene; in contrast to the Queen’s Golden Jubilee in 2002 when Camilla’s appearance in the royal box behind Prince Charles was remarked upon, by the time the Platinum Jubilee came around two decades later she was on stage with ease alongside him as his wife and future Queen Consort. Her prominence has continued to increase over the past few months, with the Duchess making her first appearance as a royal lady of the Order of the Garter in June and standing alongside her husband and nephew as they represented the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament in May for the first time.  Camilla is by no mean the most popular member of the Royal Family, but she has definitely come a long way from being described as the “most hated woman in Britain”. It appears that she has widely been accepted as future Queen Consort and, when she assumes her new role, Camilla hopes to keep a part of her predecessor’s spirit alive. Speaking at a lunch to celebrate her 75th birthday hosted by The Oldie magazine, the Duchess said: “The Duke of Edinburgh’s philosophy was clear: ‘Look up and look out, say less, do more – and get on with the job’ – and that is just what I intend to do.”