Hackers changed the British Army's Twitter account name a number of times with images including a cartoon monkey used as profile pictures. Posts and retweets from the account urged the British Army's 362,500 Twitter followers to take part in competitions with the randomly selected winners receiving non-fungible tokens (NFTs). The Army has since apologised for the "temporary interruption" to its feed.   A tweet posted on the official account said: "Apologies for the temporary interruption to our feed. We will conduct a full investigation and learn from this incident. "Thanks for following us and normal service will now resume."  An NFT is a digital asset which exists on a blockchain - a record of transactions kept on networked computers. The blockchain acts as a public ledger which allows anyone to verify the NFT's authenticity and confirm who owns it. The British Army's YouTube channel, which has 177,000 subscribers, was also compromised with its name replaced with Ark Invest. It promoted several live videos claiming to show an interview about cryptocurrency with Tesla founder Elon Musk.  As yet it is not known who was behind the embarrassing breach, which raises questions about security for the armed forces. An Army spokesperson said: "We can confirm that earlier today there was a breach of the Army’s Twitter and YouTube accounts and an investigation is underway. "We take information security extremely seriously and, whilst we have now resolved the issue, an investigation is ongoing and it would be inappropriate to comment further."   READ MORE ABOUT HEATHER WATSON GETTING KNOCKED OUT OF WIMBLEDON NFTs are usually bought with cryptocurrencies or in dollars and the blockchain keeps a record of transactions. Different kinds of digital objects – images, videos, music, text and even tweets – can be bought and sold as NFTs. Though largely unregulated, the tokens have been traded since 2017, but surged in popularity in early 2021. They then had another jump in August. Sales volumes surged to £8.8billion ($10.7billion) in the third quarter of last year, according to data from market tracker DappRadar.  DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Cam Norrie wins in straight sets against Tommy Paul [LATEST] Girl Guides bosses ask leaders to learn 100 gender-inclusive terms [REVEALED] Queen fed up with Meghan and Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn' [REPORT] Some attributed the surge in popularity to lockdowns forcing people to spend more time at home online. The British Army breach comes two days after the force launched a new recruitment drive featuring robots. The campaign called Nothing Can Do What A Soldier Can Do contains the message that while new technologies are being used by troops in battle, the future of UK defence will be underpinned by soldiers. A one-minute video advert, to be shown in cinemas, on television and online, shows a dystopian future where a robotic soldier scouts the terrain of a conflict zone. It is made of more than 4,000 individual CGI elements and 2,000 sound design samples.  The ending shows while technology is important, only soldiers can make instinctive decisions on the ground in a conflict zone. As part of the drive, striking images of soldiers and robots will be displayed on billboards. The campaign is the sixth iteration of the "This is Belonging" series developed by Accenture Song together with Capita and the British Army. Colonel Nick Mackenzie, assistant director of recruiting, said: "Like previous recruitment campaigns, Nothing Can Do What A Soldier Can Do aims to dispel one of the many myths that surround the British Army.  "This time, looking at the British Army of the future and the role of soldiers within it. "We want to tell future recruits that, no matter what technological advancements we make, it is the judgment, intelligence and even the wit of our soldiers that is indispensable to the future of the Army. "We hope the campaign will lead to potential applicants seeing the Army as an exciting place they can learn and grow, and be valued as an integral part in our future." 