The deputy to Joe Biden appeared on stage during the 2022 Essence Festival of Culture at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana at the weekend. But there was a humiliating howler with the Pelican State was misspelled in big, bold letters just below her name and the vice presidential seal on the stage backdrop. In an embarrassing gaffe, it read: “Vice President Kamala Harris. New Orleans Lousiana." Ms Harris and actress Keke Palmer appeared oblivious to the error as they spoke about the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, ending the federal right to abortion after nearly 50 years. It was not immediately clear whether the event hosts or Ms Harris's publicity team were responsible for the spelling mishap. But that did not stop sharp-eye social media users taking to Twitter to brutally mock the humiliating gaffe. "FullChicken" (@FullChicken_) (@rolandsmartin) joked: "Always wanted to visit Lasagna." Twitter user "BryanH Shaman Blues" (@BryanH33328991) wrote: “70 people on the Social Media team and not one knows how to Google or use spell check :-).” "James Cox" (@JCinhisworld) quipped: "P*** up and brewery come to mind somehow." "Chip in 'Dell" (@bayou_chip) commented: "Every once of credibility went out the window once you see Louisiana spelled 'Lousiana'." Fellow Twitter user "Ryan Ellis" (@RyanLEllis) said: "Nothing works right in this administration." READ MORE: Biden sends two warships to Spain to bolster NATO defence It is the latest embarrassment for the Biden Administration and the White House as the US President's popularity nosedives as the economic downturn and questions over competency take a toll. A new poll found that 71 percent of Americans do not want President Biden to stand for re-election in 2024 - just months before the crucial mid-term elections. The CAPS/Harris poll showed just over seven in ten registered voters in the US are against 79-year-old Mr Biden running for a second term in the White House, with the remaining 29 percent in favour of another presidential run. A third of the poll respondents believe he is too old to run for president again while 45 percent are of the opinion he is not up to the job. DON'T MISSEntire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated [REPORT]Putin channelling Stalin with terrifying starvation plan [COMMENTS]Putin the snowflake! How Russia banned 'repugnant and insulting’ film [REPORT] The crunch midterm elections will take place at the end of this year, with Mr Biden's Democrats forecast to suffer some heavy losses. Mark Penn, co-director of the Harvard CAPS–Harris Poll survey, told The Hill: "President Biden may want to run again but the voters say 'no' to the idea of a second term, panning the job he is doing as president. "Only 30 percent of Democrats would even vote for him in a Democratic presidential primary."  The poll also showed most of the 1,308 respondents who took part on June 28-29 also don't want former President Donald Trump to run for the White House in 2024. It has been widely speculated for several months the former president could be considering an early announcement to confirm he will stand for the White House for a third time. But 61 percent of participants in the poll are against Mr Trump making this move, while the remaining 39 percent believe he should run for presidency again in 2024. 