Nick Kyrgios has hit out at Wimbledon after Alexander Bublik played six underarm serves in one single game during his third-round loss at the tournament on Friday. The Aussie claimed he would be fined £15,000 if he repeated the Kazakh's antics, after being slapped with a £8,200 bill for his outbursts during his first-round win over Britain's Paul Jubb. At two-sets-to-one down and 0-3 down in the fourth set of his match against Frances Tiafoe, Bublik hit six underarm serves in one service game and ended up holding for 1-3. Only two of the six ended up in play and the world No 38 won just one of the points but he won the game and broke back for 4-4 before dropping two consecutive games to lose the match in four sets. But his antics left the Court 2 crowd in awe as Wimbledon's social media channels shared a video of all six underarm serves from the entertaining game, showing the 25-year-old repeating Kyrgios' trademark shot. And the man himself has now weighed in, claiming he would be slapped with a fine from the tournament if he did the same. "I love it, it’s different," he said, showing support for Bublik's antics. "But if it was me, I would be accused of tanking and get fined a minimum of 15 thousand pounds". JUST IN: Katie Boulter SNUBBED by Wimbledon officials with Brit not on Centre  The 27-year-old's comments after he was hit with the biggest fine of the tournament so far, being billed £8,200 ($10,000) for his outbursts during his opening match against British wildcard Jubb. Kyrgios could be heard complaining about spectators and calling a line official a "snitch" before he spat on the floor when he won the match. He later confirmed the spit was deliberate in his press conference when he was asked if he spat at someone at the end of the match. "Of one of the people disrespecting me? Yes," he said. When probed if it was deliberate, Kyrgios confirmed: "Yes. I would not be doing that to someone who was supporting me." DON'T MISSDjokovic could face Wimbledon upset as breakout star fires warningHeather Watson makes Wimbledon plea as British quartet stick togetherHeather Watson continues Brit bonanza at Wimbledon with biggest win The world No 40 had also made a claim about the underarm serve after it was used by Andy Murray in his first-round victory over James Duckworth. Kyrgios pointed out that he was criticised when he first brought back the shot in his Mexico Open match against Rafael Nadal three years ago. "Well, I actually remember the first time I did it, was against Nadal in Acapulco. Actually watch it back. Everyone should just watch that back," he said in the same press conference after defeating Jubb. "The commentators were like, 'What's he done here? It's so disrespectful. Why would he do that?' "Now it's like, 'So smart. Andy Murray, so smart.' I'm just like, What on earth? I'm playing Rafael Nadal for like three hours. I couldn't win a point. I threw in one underarm serve. They say, 'I don't know if there's a place in the game for that.' Everyone does it now. It's like they're a genius." 