Johnson got them elected and they’ve been in office for some time. The only apology needs to be for being either too liberal or Left wing, because we’ve still got people coming into this country illegally who should be kicked out. We’ve still got the green lobby making life difficult for everyone while not achieving anything, and the cost of living – an international problem – hasn’t been addressed either. Britain requires a tough leader, who is not frightened to take on idiots who glue themselves to the roads. Going carbon neutral won’t make any difference. We need a strong person – male or female – who will get us out of the European dictatorship properly, front up to the Russian threat and get the economy back on track. Ben Wallace was one contender – a man with the military experience we need – but he’s ruled himself out. Tom Tugendhat is another. I’ve got to know him quite well: he’s a thoroughly decent guy and an ex Army officer who served in Afghanistan and put his life on the line for his country. Tom has had a life outside politics and knows what ordinary people go through. It would be a good idea to have a PM used to giving orders; somebody who knows what leadership is and won’t put up with stupidity. Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss and the old frontbench Tories have been so concerned about their careers that they’ve forgotten the rest of it – not that politics should be a career. It should be a calling. Meanwhile, the Labour Party has absolutely nobody capable of exciting the country. So Tom Tugendhat may well have what it takes. Lewis Hamilton might be a great driver, but like a lot of people who think they know more than they actually do, he'd be best to keep his mouth shut. He participates in a sport that apparently contributes to climate change, flies around in a private jet and probably indulges in many things most of us couldn't afford or even want to do. So saying that he agrees with those daft Just Stop Oil idiots who glued themselves to the track during the British Grand Prix makes him sound a complete and utter idiot. It would be better if the F1 star just got on with winning races, spent loads of money - hopefully in this country to help the economy - and preached road safety to children. Is that too much to ask? The SAS and other regiments want to ban nicknames they find offensive. I know quite a lot of people in the Armed Forces and, as noted here previously, I'm very proud of my grandson who is going through initial training for the Royal Marines. None of our Forces members who are doing the job properly would seriously complain about their nicknames. And those training to go into the Marines, the Parachute Regiment, the Special Boat Service, the SAS and various other elite teams would certainly never dream of making a complaint. Someone might have moaned to wind up their superiors, but because some prat somewhere has taken it seriously, now the media are doing likewise. Our Armed Forces - the best in the world - have better things to worry about than woke nonsense. They put their lives on the line to keep you and me safe. In a free nation they will probably be better off taking the p*** out of us than anyone else. I complain about the police a lot, but there's a lot to complain about. The people who run our forces continue to be totally ineffectual. But why? The deranged obsession with diversity? Stupidity? The wrong people promoted to senior positions? Whatever the reason, it really does need to be sorted out. This was highlighted again by the harsh way the police treated lorry drivers protesting over fuel costs. The truckers actually have a point. If the cost of fuel continues to rise, the economy of this country is going to collapse. But when it's stupid little upper-middle-class idiots or retired vicars sticking themselves to motorways, complaining about climate change, officers do nothing more than give them water and sympathy. Police forces are not an arm of the social services. They should be getting tough on miscreants, maintaining law and order and throwing the stupid and criminal elements of this country into jail. And as for Britain's equally useless justice system... we should get rid of magistrates who don't seem interested in sending people to prison anymore. Unless, of course, it's for not paying their TV licence. So sad to see my old pal Steve Wright is leaving his Radio 2 show. He's been on the air nearly as long as I have and he's done the same show for longer than I have. But as the BBC is coming to its end, it's probably best to go now. It may almost be the death of music radio there aren't many decent DJs left. Back in the 1960s, pirate radio ships were where you found the stars of the future, who then moved on to Radio 1. Most of them ended up in commercial radio. But in the last 10 years or so music radio has been ruined. The people who bought the stations and turned them into one homogenous sound thought they knew what they were doing. Unfortunately, it's now clear that they didn't. None of us needs music radio anymore. We've got Alexa and iPhones so we can be our own radio stations and listen to our own choice of music. The way forward has to be speech radio. We are a bit behind the Americans, but if BBC chiefs had anything about them they would turn all local radio into talk stations. Then they would have something worthwhile. Durham Police say Sir Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner have no case to answer over "Beergate". But looking at those pictures, there was clearly a bottle of beer and food and there was confusion about who was and wasn't there. It sounds fishy to me. Mind you, Starmer and Rayner have probably now gone as far as they're ever going to go in British politics. Perhaps the spotlight should be turned on Durham Police. The Scouts have published a booklet on how not to offend. Calling people dinner ladies, referring to Christian names and items being man-made are no longer acceptable. In these interesting times, is there really any need for this sort of organisation? As it happens, I was a cub, but I got booted out for taking the p*** out of our leader. Even at the age of nine it seemed like a pretty stupid organisation to me. These days I'm not sure how it continues to survive. But we live in a free country. I have the right to have my view... and so do they.