As the temperature soars to potentially record-breaking numbers, millions of Brits will be throwing their windows open to try and cope with the heatwave. Arguably, the best way to stay cool is to keep windows and curtains shut during the day, and open them at night when the temperature decreases. But this can put houses at risk of burglaries. GB News spoke to Michael Fraser, former burglar turned Burglary and Security Expert, who shared his top tips to stay safe during the heatwave and when on holiday. Presenter Isobel Webster said: “We’ve been talking a lot this morning about how hot things are at the moment, temperatures increasing again today. “As we’re all trying to keep our homes cool; keeping doors and windows open means there is potential opportunities for thieves.” Eamonn Holmes added: “We’re asking does a heatwave turn into a crime wave?” Michael then revealed his “big dos and don’ts” for homeowners during a heatwave and before they go on holiday. READ MORE: House prices smash six-month record - expert calls on Government “It is just common sense, make sure the place is locked up, obscure any windows downstairs so people can’t look into the property,” he explained. “Don’t announce it on social media that you’re going on holiday - that is a growing trend now where people [burglars] look on social media to find out who is going on holiday. “Keys out of the door, make sure you have a cage on the inside of your letterbox to stop letterbox fishing. “And lock up, take keys out, lock windows, take photographs of every room in your house because the biggest thing is they tip the place upside down and it takes you a while to think about what’s been stolen. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle sent subtle message with key accessory in NYC [STYLE]How to keep bananas perfectly yellow with clever food storage hack [GUIDE]Posh pub charges customers £2 to ‘remove ingredients’ from burger [REACTIONS] “If you have pictured it’s good for the insurance company and good for you to remember,” Michael advised. He also suggested thinking like a burglar to prevent your house from being broken into or items stolen. “Look at our own security,” Michael said. “Look at your property, imagine you’ve lost your keys, how would you get into it? “Believe me the opportunist finds that way quickly.” READ MORE: Is it best to keep windows closed in hot weather? Thames Valley Police have warned of “walk-in” or “reach in” thefts which are more common in the summer months. “Try to only leave windows open for ventilation when you are in the room and lock them when you leave the house,” the police force advised. “Do not leave windows open, even on upper floors, if they are next to a porch or flat garage roof which can be used to climb up.” The police force suggested using window opener restrictors. They can still allow a breeze to flow into the house, without having the window open wide enough for someone to climb inside. “But make sure they cannot be picked and unlocked from the outside,” they warned. TVP also said to be wary of thieves if you are outside in the garden, and said it’s best to secure rear or side access doors. If the opportunists hear you outside, they might “try the door and if unlocked, they will enter and quickly search around for handbags or other items to steal”.