Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry were recently pictured driving to neighbour Oprah Winfrey's house, with many speculating that a second tell-all interview could be on the cards. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down for a tell-all interview with the US chat show legend last March, over a year after they announced their exit from the Royal Family. They revealed that the media frenzy surrounding their relationship was partly behind their decision to step down. Despite being a successful Hollywood actress, Meghan had previously admitted that she was not prepared for the public attention she would receive from dating a royal. In their engagement interview in 2017, the duchess claimed she did not know much about the Royal Family and did not realise how famous Harry was in the UK. In the now-infamous Oprah interview, Meghan admitted that she did not do much research into the royals before her wedding to the prince. She told the host: "Thank God I didn’t know a lot about the family. Thank God I hadn’t researched. I would’ve been so in my head about it.” However, an unearthed post from Meghan’s defunct blog, The Tig, suggests that the former actress may have known more than she initially confessed to. In 2014, just two years before her blind date with Harry, Meghan blogged about the wedding of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William. She wrote: “Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power. “And grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. “Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate.” Speaking on an episode of Pod Save the Queen in February, Zoe Forsey, the online features editor at the Daily Mirror, said: "It was a really popular blog post. My favourite blog post was when she blogged about the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding having watched it as a non-royal." Royal editor Russell Myers interjected: "But didn't know anything about the Royal Family or who they were or who Prince Harry was. "I mean, come on." Moreover, in May last year, an old photograph of Meghan holding a magazine with the Duchess of Cambridge on the cover resurfaced, which brought about further questions over what she really knew about them before marrying the duke. The picture, originally shared in October 2014, the same year the Duchess of Sussex wrote about Kate’s 2011 Royal Wedding, shows Meghan posing with a copy of U Magazine, a glossy Irish women's publication, which bore a headline about her future sister-in-law Kate – wrongly suggesting she was having twins. Meghan had contributed to the magazine she was holding, and had shared inside how her favourite sunglasses were her Ray Ban aviators. While it is possible to suspect that Meghan knew who the Duchess of Cambridge was at that time, it is unlikely that she had any idea that they would become sisters-in-law just four years later.  In her engagement interview, Meghan said that Kate had been "wonderful," "amazing" and a "great support". However, the two women have since reportedly fallen out, with tensions initially surfacing amid reports that Meghan made Kate cry over a dress fitting for Princess Charlotte. The Duchess of Sussex later told Oprah that she had been the one left in tears – saying it had been difficult to see a "narrative that didn't happen" surface six months after the ceremony. Asked if she made Kate cry, Meghan told Oprah: "The reverse happened. A few days before the wedding she was upset about something, pertaining to ... the flower girl dresses, and it made me cry. And it really hurt my feelings."   Kate has not spoken publicly about the interview once. The women came together for the first time in two years earlier this month during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. However, the atmosphere between the Sussexes and Cambridges has been described as frosty, and the couples reportedly did not spend any private time together during the celebratory weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex jetted back to the United States on Sunday, June 5 – before the celebrations had finished.