New Tottenham signing Richarlison has taunted the club's north London rivals Arsenal after posting a picture of him squaring up to right-back Hector Bellerin. The Brazilian earned popularity at Everton by pursuing a similar strategy towards Liverpool players. Richarlison joined Spurs in a deal worth around £60m earlier this weekend. Arsenal were said to be interested in the Everton star's signature but were beaten by their fierce rivals. The forward has taken to Instagram to mock his new rivals by posting a picture of him in a stand-off with former Arsenal vice-captain Bellerin. Dani Ceballos has been left on the ground with the implication that Richarlison has put him there. The game took place shortly before the first Covid lockdown in February 2020, however unfortunately for the Brazilian, Everton lost the game 3-2 despite taking the lead in the first minute. Spurs supporters have taken to social media to hail their new hero. One fan wrote: "Richarlison on Instagram, my S***house." And another added: "You just know we’re getting an Emerson royal comp and a Richarlison s***house comp every week Richarlison earned popularity on Merseyside by taunting Everton's rivals Liverpool. The striker recently mocked the Anfield side after they lost the Premier League title on the final day of the season posting a popular meme picture of Thierry Henry laughing. He joked about the club's fans being unable to make it to Paris to watch their Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid after a viral tweet had suggested an Everton fan had set up a fake bus company under the name 'Richard Arlison'. The striker posted a picture of himself driving the bus in order for laughs at the Reds' expense. The striker was a popular player at Goodison Park and was vital in helping the Toffee's secure their Premier League future by scoring six goals during the relegation run-in. Richarlison spoke of his love for the club despite his departure. Speaking in May ahead of leaving the north-west the 36-times capped international said: “When we talk about leaving a club, I’m kind of like this, because of the history I have at Everton, the affection that the fans have for me, when we talk about leaving, I’m a little speechless.“ Tottenham fans will now look forward to building their relationship with their new signing and can expect more social media posts from Richarlison mocking their rivals should things not go their way.