New data from the Office of National Statistics has found that Britons are saving less after the surge in price of other household bills and record petrol and diesel prices. However, some motoring experts are urging drivers to refrain from cutting some key car costs, as they may end up paying more in the long run. Robert Harris, Director at Vehicle Contracts says: “The UK inflation rate is currently affecting our society in various ways, and motorists are facing extraordinary costs when it comes to fuel. “However, cutting corners by cancelling policies may appear to be an easy money saving exercise, but it only takes one thing to happen such as a vehicle breakdown without cover to end up costing a large amount of money, proving it to be a false economy. “We recommend revisiting all existing policies, updating information and even switching providers for insurance and breakdown covers to get the best deals possible. “As for filling up the car before a commute or trip, always research the cheapest fuel available in your area, even if that means going beyond the closest petrol station.” READ MORE: New driving laws to be introduced in July will affect all UK motorists Drivers are responsible for paying tax on their vehicle to keep it on a public road, which usually costs a few hundred pounds a year. The price for leaving the car untaxed while still driving around can reach up to £1,000 if they are caught by the police. The Government introduced emissions-based taxation which increases in amount depending on emissions produced by the vehicle, with electric vehicles being exempt and hybrid models paying a lower rate. DON'T MISSNew petrol station rules see drivers charged £100 at self-service pump [WARNING]'No brainer': Common car tax incentive could save drivers thousands [INSIGHT]Motorists told to 'brake and accelerate less' to boost efficiency [ADVICE] Driving a vehicle without insurance can result in a fixed penalty of £300 and six penalty points on a licence, with an added risk of being disqualified from driving. Motorists are recommended to shop around when looking for the best insurance option suited to their needs. They are also urged to pay their car insurance premium annually rather than monthly to save up to 20 percent of the overall cost. Some drivers have chosen to cancel their breakdown cover as the first option to reduce their motoring costs as it is not mandatory to have it, although it can be incredibly useful. If a driver does break down without cover in place, they can expect to pay an emergency garage call-out fee and an additional fee to have their vehicle towed, which can cost £300 or more on a motorway. Various price comparison sites allow drivers to get basic cover from £59 per year, although road users are encouraged to haggle to get prices down. Many car insurance policies will offer standard windscreen cover included as an extra in their comprehensive policies which will result in the driver having to pay the full excess if they experience a windscreen chip or damage. Even the tiniest of windscreen chips can cause long-lasting damage and get worse over time, and can even be considered a motoring offence resulting in three penalty points and a £50 fixed penalty notice (FPN). According to AutoGlass, the repair cost of a single windscreen chip or small crack can cost approximately £167, with a replacement windscreen setting drivers back between £200 and £250 including VAT. Adding windscreen cover to a car insurance policy usually costs around £20 to £30 per year, resulting in a substantial saving if it is ever required.