Heather Watson made her experience pay as the 30-year-old led Kaja Juvan a merry dance on No 1 Court to reach the Wimbledon fourth round for the first time in her career. The Guernsey-born star produced some sublime controlled tennis to turn the tables on the skittish Slovenian who beat Watson in straight sets at last year’s US Open in emphatic style.  The 21-year-old had the edge in power, particularly on serve, but fell apart under Watson’s incessant pressure in the second set after losing a tense tie-break in the first. Watson has been a near-permanent presence at these championships with the punishing scheduling putting her on court every day but the British No 4 showed no sign of fatigue. Quite the opposite. She started - and finished - the stronger, closing out the match 7-6, 6-2 in 102 engrossing minutes. Watson had gone into the match having never gone beyond the third round in 11 Wimbledon appearances. But she knew this represented her best chance and she made the most of it. The World No 62 was not in the same bracket as Serena Williams, who she went down to in a 2015 humdinger and Agnieszka Radwanska and Victoria Azarenka who she had also previously met in the last 32. Working her opponent around intelligently, she created her first opportunity in the fourth game but failed to capitalise, netting a backhand on break point. Juvan made no such mistake when her chance to break came in game seven with Watson’s weak drop shot attempt falling short to loud groans from No 1 Court. Watson was up for the scrap though and raised her right arm to the sky in triumph after putting away a smash to break back immediately. Watson took a tumble as she tried to change direction at the net but picked herself up and nudged in front 6-5 with a superb forehand pass that brought a clenched-fist salute. Juvan held comfortably though to take the opening set to a dramatic tie-break. Watson held three set points but was pegged back to 6-6 before the Slovenian went fractionally long with a forehand and then double faulted to gift the set to Watson. Her command growing with each point, the Channel Islander raced into the lead at the start of the second set and as the Slovenian became increasingly ragged, showed no mercy. There was a brief stutter with the finish line in sight but Watson saved four break points to close the deal with a brilliant volley before dropping to her knees on No 1 Court with joy and relief. Watson’s section of the draw has opened up after the surprise exit of No 2 seed Anett Kontaveit and No 14 seed Belinda Bencic. Her best-ever Wimbledon might have some way to run yet. 