TV property expert Phil Spencer has shared which “deal breakers” could potentially ruin a property deal. The founder of Move iQ detailed several mistakes buyers should avoid when negotiating a property deal. A really low offer could simply be rejected “out of hand”. This can then put negotiations on a “sour note”. However, buyers also don’t want to appear overseen. Phil added: “Being insulting about the property will make the seller defensive and I really think puts your relationships on a poor footing at the outset so be serious.” READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Being communicative is key when it comes to buying a property. A vendor wants to know whether a buyer is serious about a house purchase so it’s important buyers remain communicative throughout the process. Otherwise, the seller could start looking for other buyers. Phil added: “Prove your seriousness by being responsive by answering correspondence promptly and being easily contactable.” Dragging out a house deal could result in the transaction falling through. In most cases, the buyer and seller will want to complete on a property transaction as quickly as possible. DON'T MISSWhere will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? [INSIGHT]How to fix scratched non-stick pans: Baking soda trick to try at home [UPDATE]Boy George's Hampstead home that keeps him 'sane' [ANALYSIS] A buyer taking their time because they’re still deciding between two properties, for example, could mean losing out on a property to someone who is more committed. Phil explained that having a mortgage in principle is an indication from a lender of what they are likely to offer to lend a buyer depending on the property they find. He explained: “The most organised buyers know this and have one in place before they start looking and that is really because it demonstrates to sellers and to agents that you are deadly serious about buying a house.” The property expert said ignoring the chance for a second viewing is a “big no”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Buyers who are serious about a property should go and view it at a different time of day. Those who don’t visit for a second time appear less serious about the sale. A seller might just think the buyer is a time waster. Another “big no-no” is misleading the seller about the position you’re in as a buyer. Phil said: “Don't talk about paying cash if you can't or give the impression your own house sale is almost complete if it's not. “They will check it out.” Don’t view homes until you’ve checked all the property’s details.  Viewing a property that doesn’t have the correct number of bedrooms or doesn’t have the garden you wanted, is wasting everyone’s time. This is a “sure way” to make a seller think you’re not serious about the property. Buyers should know beforehand if the area is what they’re looking for and whether it has the transport links and local amenities that they need. Buyers should check out the area they’re looking in first. Phil added: “Don't waste people's time. If the seller realises you've looked into the area, it actually demonstrates that you're keen and you're keen for the sale to go ahead. “Which, let's face it, is what sellers are looking for.” Tonight on Location, Location, Location Phil caught up with Chloe who wanted to flee the nest to be in Caversham, Reading. The TV property expert also caught up with Ella and Granted in Kent who were looking for an incredible home to persuade Grant to move out of his mum’s home. Phil Spencer appeared on Location, Location, Location tonight at 8pm on Channel 4. All episodes of Location, Location, Location can be streamed on All 4.