Joe Joyce’s promoter Frank Warren has expressed interest in making Joyce vs Deontay Wilder and says he is open to talks with the American’s manager. The ‘Bronze Bomber’ recently announced he will be returning to the ring in the near future with reports suggesting that his first fight back will be in Autumn. ‘The Juggernaut’ is also due to return in the Autumn with Warren revealing after his fighter’s recent victory over Romanian gatekeeper Christian Hammer that they have September 24 pencilled into the diary. Wilder and Joyce are ranked No 1 and No 2 by the WBC – the title still held by the recently retired Tyson Fury. Should ‘The Gypsy King’ opt to vacate the belt then the contest could be elevated to a world title fight. Reports suggest Fury is awaiting the result of Oleksandr Usyk vs Anthony Joshua II on August 20 and would be more inclined to return if AJ gets the win. Talking about Joyce’s next opponent, Warren revealed he would ‘love’ to make Joyce vs Wilder. “I’ve got no problem making that fight. Absolutely no problem. If it can be done, I’d love to do it. Why wouldn’t we try to make that fight? It would be a great fight. No problem,” Warren told iFL TV. When asked how he thinks Joyce would fair with Wilder’s power, Warren responded: “He’ll land it but can you imagine Joe landing on his chin, it’s not a problem, you know, I may speak to Shelly [Finkel] about it but I think he’s coming out with a comeback fight - I don’t know how true it is - at some point in the Autumn in the States.” If the deal is right, Wilder’s management will of course entertain Warren’s offers, but it is more likely the former world heavyweight champion will return against an in-house fighter from his promotional company, PBC. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua shows off blistering hand speed in warning to Usyk Fury promoter Warren leaves door open for thrilling Thor fight Joyce could get Olympic gold medal upgrade as investigation launched There are currently six PBC heavyweights that Wilder is yet to face including Charles Martin, Adam Kownacki, Robert Helenius, Travis Kauffman, Frank Sanchez, and Andy Ruiz Jr - the latter of which is understood to be top of the PBC heavyweight agenda. However, Wilder may opt for a warm-up fight before making the plunge to the deep end again meaning Martin, Kownacki, Helenius, and Kauffman would be favoured.