The invasion of Ukraine has marked a growing rift between the two former Soviet nations, which culminated in Russia halting the flow of oil from the central Asian nation to the Black Sea on July 5. The Russian despot has been accused of hardening his stance towards the pariah nation's allies as well as the West.  Kazakh political scientist Dosim Satpaev told German newspaper Bild that Russia "constantly crosses red lines in relations with its neighbours, ignores their economic interests and thus provokes the backlash. "For example, within the Eurasian Economic Union, Russia has unilaterally decided to cut wheat exports without asking us. "I would no longer describe relations between Russia and Kazakhstan as friendly. And they are going to get worse." Kazakhstan has refused to aid Russia in circumventing Russian sanctions, and did not participate in annual Victory Day celebrations to mark the Soviet triumph over the Nazis in World War Two, in a subtle dig at Putin's unprovoked invasion.   While it abstained from a UN resolution condemning Russia's invasion of Ukraine, earlier in the year, Timur Suleimenov, a Kazakh Government chief told a meeting in the US that the invasion was a "war" and not a "special military operation" as Putin's propaganda machine insists. Earlier this month, the Kazakh Government announced that Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, the nation's President, had told Charles Michel, President of the EU Council, that he wanted to supply the EU with more oil. Russia is widely regarded to fund its war machine with profits from oil exports, with many large petrochemical companies owned by the Russian state. Putin's economy has been hammered by sanctions on its oil and gas, and the EU - which relied on Russia for around 27 percent of its oil and 40 percent of its gas - is looking for alternate suppliers after taking steps to divest itself from Russian fossil fuels.   However, the day after the announcement, a Russian court ordered a 30-day block on a pipeline that transports Kazakh oil through Russia to a global dispatch point on the Black Sea. Mr Tokayev has now ordered a study into the construction of a potential new pipeline that runs through the Caspian Sea, circumventing Russia altogether. Earlier this week, Russia climbed down from its oil embargo, overturning the previous court order. Mr Satpaev commented: "Since the beginning of the war in Ukraine, Russia has been conducting an aggressive policy not only towards the West, but also towards its allies."   Mr Tokayev has also reportedly refused to recognise Russian passports issued to those in occupied Ukrainian territories, and has in fact seen a rise in the number of Russian people seeking permanent residence in the central Asian nation. The reasons for Kazakhstan's distancing from Russia over the invasion of Ukraine are not just economic in nature. Kazakhstan's population is nearly half Russian, many of whom reside in the northern regions of the country, on the border with Russia. For many years, Russian nationalists have been calling for these areas to be annexed its northern neighbour - as Russia has already done with Crimea and is attempting to do with the separatist Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine.   There are fears now that if Putin is successful in Ukraine, he may turn his attention to Kazakhstan next. Mr Satpaev added today (Friday): "Putin's spokesman [Dmitry] Peskov did affirm that Kazakhstan remains an ally.   "But we know, at the latest since the attack on Ukraine, that such announcements should always be questioned." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 