On ITV’s This Morning, the money saving expert answered a viewer's question about if she was eligible for the £650 cost of living support being on Pension Credit. He urged Britons to check if they are eligible for Pension Credit as this can open up the door for not only the £650, but many other benefits. He stated it’s “a tragedy” for pensioners to be missing out, especially in the cost of living crisis. Fadia called in explaining that she receives the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit and she also gets Attendance Allowance. She asked the money saving expert if she is entitled to the £650 cost of living support payments. Mr Lewis said: “Yes absolutely. You’re entitled to the £650 as long as nothing changes with it. READ MORE: Council tax rebate: Britons not eligible can still get up to £150 for bills - how to apply “800,000 in the UK who have paid into the system for all these years are missing out on this top up to income that can be worth thousands of pounds. “It’s also the gateway to the £650 benefit, it’s always the gateway for when you’re 75 to getting a free TV licence. It’s a gateway to council tax reductions and housing benefits.” The money expert explained that Pension Credit is “the most important” benefit for people that are of state pension age because it could be a lifeline for pensioners on low incomes. State pension age in the UK is currently 66, but this could rise in upcoming years. Over 800,000 pensioners could be missing out on up to £3,000 each year because they are not claiming Pension Credit, as well as other benefits included. He continued: “So if that’s triggering a bell and you have income under £200 a week, check out if you’re eligible. “I’m not saying you are but go on the GOV.UK website to see if you’re eligible for Pension Credit or call the Pension Credit hotline. “In this cost of living crisis it is a tragedy that so many pensioners are missing out on a massive top up called Pension Credit. “Let’s get the word out as someone else may be able to claim the £650 towards energy bills too.” Pension Credit is administered by the Department of Work and Pensions and gives people extra money to help with their living costs if they are over state pension age and on a low income. If someone gets Pension Credit, they can also get other help, such as: One of the quickest ways to find out if a person is eligible, and how much extra they could potentially be paid every week, is to use the Pension Credit calculator on the GOV.UK website. People can start their application up to four months before they reach state pension age.