Netflix’s new Resident Evil series received a huge blow from viewers after it landed an unwanted viewership record. Even though the show premiered last week, audiences have already made calls for the series to be removed.  The series which was based on the horror video game of the same name was initially highly anticipated by viewers who were excited about the adaptation. However, it proved to be a huge disappointment after it failed to keep fans enthralled and land a top ten spot on the streaming giant. In fact, Resident Evil received a shockingly low rating of 16 per cent on the trusted Rotten Tomatoes website. And to make matters worse, viewers who didn’t make it past the first episode demanded the show should be taken off Netflix. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Following the premise of the video game, the TV show featured Lance Reddick as the malicious father, Dr Albert Wesker. The new addition to the franchise was his twin daughters, as the video game depicts Wesker’s children as twin sons. Jade Wesker was portrayed by Ella Balinska whereas Billie Wesker was played by Adeline Rudolph. As the series was set in the timelines of 2022 and 2036, actresses Tamara Smart and Siena Agudong starred as the younger versions of the sisters. Despite the adjustments made to appease fans, they were still left unsatisfied and took to social media to express their disappointment. @itreadsmonarch said: “Whoever green-lit [Resident Evil] at Netflix is on drugs. Heavy drugssss and the bad ones at that.” A fuming @yuyeon4life tweeted: “I seriously hope [Resident Evil]gets cancelled, solely because I cant handle just how badly they'd f**k up Ada's character. “My GOD this show was a complete s**tshow, from start to finish,” the viewer added. READ MORE...Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Resident Evil star considered 'break' from acting before landing role [INSIGHT]Resident Evil: Who plays Evelyn Marcus? [INSIGHT] A third viewer stated: ”[Resident Evil] dahell is this… Couldn't watch more than 15 min of it. Who watched it and decided to put it out. Everything about it was whack. Kind of disappointing. Just remove it and pretend it didn't happen.” A confused @coachingbyeley added: ”Just finished the new Resident Evil. Can someone please explain the point of it or what actually happened?” Despite the negative response from some viewers, there were other fans who genuinely enjoyed the series and defended the adaptation on social media. This included @shenanigen who added: ”Not sure why people have been complaining about [Resident Evil] as it’s absolutely brilliant and I like it’s not a carbon copy of game.” @shadesofmikeyx agreed: “The new resident evil series was good in my opinion, yall just can't stand when someone makes a different take on something you love.” This adaptation provided fans with a different insight of Dr Wesker as he appeared to be softer when it came to his daughters. With all the episodes available to binge, Netflix have yet to confirm whether the show will receive a second season or be cancelled. Resident Evil is available on Netflix. 