Robert Kennedy Jr has weighed in on the debate surrounding Novak Djokovic being unable to participate in the US Open next month. The 68-year-old believes that Joe Biden should allow the Serbian player to participate in the tournament despite his vaccine status. Djokovic is currently banned from the United States as unvaccinated travellers are not allowed to enter the country. The 35-year-old has been vocal in how he is not willing to be jabbed and his stance has not changed despite travel restrictions. Several US politicians have chimed in on the debate and called for Biden to ease the rules so that Djokovic can participate in the upcoming Grand Slam, despite his name being on the provisional US Open entry list. Kennedy Jr has also attempted to pressure the President, tweeting: “TAKE ACTION: Tell Biden Administration to Let Djokovic Play in US Open”. Along with the succinct message, Kennedy attached a link to the Children’s Health Defense site, with information on why they believe that Djokovic should be able to participate in the competition. It reads: “U.S. travel restrictions requiring non-citizens to be “fully vaccinated” against COVID-19 to enter the country are keeping Novak Djokovic from competing in the 2022 US Open Grand Slam. Emma Raducanu's new coach drops hint on what to expect ahead of US Open partnership “It’s time to end the ineffective, discriminatory policies preventing him from competing. The Wimbledon champion, already banned from playing in the Australian Open due to his vaccination status, has asserted he is willing to sacrifice participation in tournaments to preserve his health and bodily autonomy. Coercion should not play a role in his personal health decisions.” But it is not just individuals and groups in American politics that are speaking up against Biden’s rules, the Serbia-American Voting Alliance (SAVA) have also written a letter to the President asking for him to reconsider the rules. It read, as per Politika: “The US Open is the biggest tennis tournament in the world, and it won't be what it is without Novak Djokovic. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu 'will be used as Russian propaganda' after linking up with Dmitry Tursunov Carlos Alcaraz makes second world No 1 claim to threaten Djokovic and Nadal dominance Rafael Nadal criticised for 'digusting' traits despite being one of few 'likeable' players  “Considering the economic situation and the crisis at all levels, America must not allow the US Open not to take place in its full glory and capacity, which means the arrival of Novak Djokovic, who has been crowned three times at the US Open. Novak does not pose any security threat, is one of the healthiest people in the world due to his disciplined life and serves as a role model and inspiration to millions around the world. “It is in America's interest that the biggest tournament in the world hosts the best player in the world, especially since he just won the seventh Wimbledon in London.” If restrictions are eased, Djokovic will be hoping that he can come out of the US Open victorious and go level with Rafael Nadal for most Grand Slam titles of all time (22).