Genshin Impact 2.8 release date and start time is fast approaching, with HoYoverse just days away from launching the next major update for the hit game. The upcoming Summer Fantasia patch will offer players new areas to explore in Genshin Impact, will include the new Shikanoin Heizou character and also offer players the chance to get a free Fischl character. HoYoverse outlined what fans can expect from the update in a recent live stream which also confirmed the Genshin Impact 2.8 release date which is Wednesday July 13. At the time of writing, HoYoverse hasn't confirmed when exactly the release time will be for Genshin Impact 2.8. But if it follows the launch schedule for the previous Genshin Impact update then we could see server downtime for 2.8 begin at 11pm UK time on Wednesday and be scheduled to finish at 4am on Thursday. The big attraction of Genshin Impact 2.8 will be the Summertime Odyssey event, which sees players return to the Golden Apple Archipelago. New realms will be available to explore along with storylines and smaller events to get immersed in. One of these is the Domain combat challenge where players have to use elemental effects to defeat enemies in a set amount of time. The big draw of this challenge will be getting Fischl as a free reward. Elsewhere, Shikanoin Heizou - a new four star character - is another big draw of the Genshin Impact 2.8 update. Speaking about this new character, HoYoverse said: "Shikanoin Heizou, a young genius crime solver for the Tenryou Commission, will premiere in Version 2.8. "And players are welcome to join Heizou in being a detective for a day in his Hangout Event.In combat, Shikanoin Heizouis noteworthy for being the first melee catalyst user in the game. "He can deal Ameno damage with powerful strikes and kicks, and he can even cause extra elemental damage to enemies affected by Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro. Heizou will be available in the EventWishes of Kaedehara Kazuha’s and Klee’s rerun in the early phase of Version 2.8. Yoimiya’s Event Wish will be available in the later phase of the update." Genshin Impact 2.8 is out on Wednesday on PS4, PS5, PCs, Android and iOS devices. A Nintendo Switch version of Genshin Impact is also planned but as of yet HoYoverse hasn't confirmed when this highly anticipated version will launch.