Liverpool have been praised for their latest piece of business in the transfer market after selling Neco Williams to Nottingham Forest. Williams has permanently left Anfield in a deal worth £17.5million in total, adding to the Reds' enormous prize pool since the start of Jurgen Klopp's tenure. Liverpool have offloaded 69 players since Klopp took charge in 2016, raising a whopping £520,700,000 from transfer fees. The club's impressive dealings have helped back the German boss with blockbuster deals for the likes of Alisson, Virgil van Dijk and most recently, Darwin Nunez. Williams is the latest young, somewhat unproven star for whom Liverpool have managed to coup a sizeable fee. But fans have been left impressed with an extra clause included in his Forest contract, which emphasises how the Reds remain the masters of the transfer market. According to Fabrizio Romano, Liverpool have included a 15 per cent sell-on clause in Williams' deal at the City Ground. Considering he's only 21, already a Wales regular and likely to be a regular starter in the Premier League next season, it's a stroke of genius that will likely reap the rewards years down the line. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag stamps authority at Man Utd by imposing strict phone rule  The list of Liverpool's eye-catching sales under Klopp's regime defies belief and acts as proof that positive team performance boosts the value of every player in a squad. In the last three years alone, examples include Dominic Solanke's £24m move to AFC Bournemouth, Rhian Brewster's £23.5m Sheffield United switch and other double-digit figures for Ki-Jana Hoever, Marko Grujic and Harry Wilson. As recently as this summer, Liverpool doubled their money on fringe player Takumi Minamino. He completed a £15.5m move to AS Monaco just over two years after arriving on Merseyside for a £7.25m fee. The Reds' grip on the transfer market has undeniably supported their golden era under Klopp. READ MORE: Ozil eyes next club as 'Fenerbahce contract terminated'  Liverpool also deserve to be lauded for their recruitment under Klopp, with almost every signing settling into his system quickly and efficiently. They will hope the same applies to 18-year-old Scot Calvin Ramsay, Williams' £6.5m replacement. He is taking the mantle of being Trent Alexander-Arnold's latest understudy and adds to the increasingly youthful look of Klopp's squad. Even if he doesn't dethrone Alexander-Arnold in the coming years, it will come as no surprise if Liverpool raked in three times as much of his initial value in a future transfer window.