Cameron Norrie’s coach claims his little chicken has turned into a dog this fortnight at Wimbledon - with the heart of a lion. And if opponents worry about his extraordinary athletic powers on the tennis court, they should try playing him at cards. Argentinian Facundo Lugones has worked with Norrie since he was a teenager at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth. He has taken him from a somewhat lost fledgling into a man just one game away from the Wimbledon final - albeit a match against Novak Djokovic awaits in the semi-finals. He explained: “In Argentina when you're taking care of someone, you call them, ‘your chicken,’ like you're taking care of him. When I started travelling with him, all my friends would ask me, ‘How is your chicken doing?’ That's why I call him that still. Mind you, he’s become a dog now. He's not a chicken anymore.” Dog as in dogfight, it seems, as there is not a moment on or off the court that Norrie is not competing over something. “He plays a lot of games with his fitness trainer, Vasek,” Lagunes revealed. DON'T MISS: Cam Norrie ready to 'take it to' Novak Djokovic in Wimbledon clash  “Card games, backgammon. Ludo. They always play for coffees - competing and keeping track of the coffees they owe to each other. He can't unwind from competition - he needs to compete at everything. But just for coffees. “Cameron’s not going to make his fitness trainer go broke and he wins all the time. Like 20 coffees down I think sometimes.” When there is nobody else to battle, Norrie fights with his own body, pushing himself to limits that simply are not possible for lesser mortals. “I don't even know how much other players do, but it would be hard to beat how many hours Cam does, especially when he's fitness training,” Lagunes said. “He stays in that red zone where the heartbeat is just insane - 200 beats per minute. He stays in that area for long periods of time. MUST READ...Sue Barker bites back at Pat Cash over Andy Murray jibe at WimbledonNovak Djokovic responds to Norrie challenge as partisan crowd awaitsDjokovic warned over Norrie as Brit 'not done yet' ahead of semi-final “He's still able to execute and manages to play tennis at a decent level when he's in that state. A normal person can't even do a minute and a half on that. Can probably, I don't know, die. Would be close to passing out. He can play tennis for eight, nine minutes on that.” The question is, will that superhuman strength be enough against Djokovic, a player who David Goffin described as an “alien” after Norrie beat him in the previous round? That will mean winning the mental battle as well and luckily this week Norrie has had one extra figure in his corner. “Andy Murray has been super supportive to me and my team,” Norrie revealed. “I'm always practising with him and reaching out to him for ideas. Even before the Goffin match, he came over as he was in the gym and said, ‘Good luck!’ Obviously he loves tennis, so he's following everything and all the results. I think it's pretty cool.”