A meta-analysis published in ScienceDirect says research suggests “consistent benefits of pomegranate juice consumption” on blood pressure. “This evidence suggests it may be prudent to include this fruit juice in a heart-healthy diet,” notes the researchers. High blood pressure can put extra strain on your blood vessels, heart and other organs, such as the brain, kidneys and eyes. If you have high blood pressure, reducing it even a small amount can help lower your risk of a number of serious health conditions.  The Mayo Clinic says: “Small studies seem to suggest that drinking pomegranate juice might lower cholesterol, but overall the evidence is mixed. “It's thought that pomegranate juice might block or slow the build-up of cholesterol in the arteries of people who are at higher risk of heart disease.” Pomegranate juice contains antioxidants at higher levels than do many other fruit juices, and it contains nearly three times as many antioxidants as green tea or red wine does, explains the organisation. Nonetheless, it notes: “Pomegranate juice is generally safe to drink if you take some precautions. Check the label to be sure that you're drinking pure pomegranate juice, and not a mixture of juices that contains added sugar. The sugar adds more calories to the juice, which reduces its heart-health benefits.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs in your body pointing to ‘excess cholesterol’  The NHS says: “Making healthy lifestyle changes can sometimes help reduce your chances of getting high blood pressure and help lower your blood pressure if it's already high.” Diet is one of the most effective treatments for high blood pressure. The NHS has outlined some other lifestyle changes which can help prevent and lower high blood pressure. It says you should reduce the amount of salt you eat and have a generally healthy diet, cut back on alcohol, lose weight if you're overweight, cut down on caffeine, and if you are a smoker you should stop smoking.  The health body says: “Blood pressure readings between 120/80mmHg and 140/90mmHg could mean you're at risk of developing high blood pressure if you do not take steps to keep your blood pressure under control.” Nonetheless, having a raised blood pressure reading in one test does not necessarily mean you have high blood pressure, as blood pressure can fluctuate throughout the day. Some people with high blood pressure may also need to take one or more medicines to stop their blood pressure getting too high. As many as five million adults in the UK have undiagnosed high blood pressure, so will not know that they are at risk, according to the British Heart Foundation.  The Mayo Clinic says chronic stress may contribute to high blood pressure. “More research is needed to determine the effects of chronic stress on blood pressure. “Occasional stress also can contribute to high blood pressure if you react to stress by eating unhealthy food, drinking alcohol or smoking. “Take some time to think about what causes you to feel stressed, such as work, family, finances or illness. Once you know what's causing your stress, consider how you can eliminate or reduce stress,” it says.  Some people with high blood pressure may also need to take one or more medicines to stop their blood pressure getting too high. The NHS says: “Several types of medicine can be used to help control high blood pressure. Many people need to take a combination of different medicines.” The health body continues: “The medicine will not necessarily make you feel any different, but this does not mean it's not working. “Medicines used to treat high blood pressure can have side effects, but most people do not get any.” 