Our Yorkshire Farm delves into the lives of the Owens, a family-of-11 who juggle tending to Ravenseat Farm and their livestock, with the everyday responsibilities of parenthood and education. The Channel 5 docu-series first made its debut in 2018 and has since become a highlight in the TV calendar for viewers thrilled to see what they get up to next. While Amanda and her husband Clive do most of the work, they are regularly helped out by their nine children. Raven is the couple's eldest child who is currently studying veterinary practice at York St John's. Given her childhood was spent at Ravenseat Farm, there is no doubt where her love of animals originated from. She is now 21-years-old, having celebrated her birthday at the end of April 2022. Her mum took to social media to share how her hard-working daughter was spending her special day. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Amanda explained: "She [Raven] milked Buttercup, lambed a breech presentation, shoved a prolapse back from where it came (a sheep's btw) all on her 21st birthday!” Fans rushed to wish Raven a happy birthday and compliment the youngster on all of her achievements so far. One wrote:  "Awww bless you all and Happy Birthday Raven - we are all very proud of the beautiful lady that you have become, I hope you all have a little bit of time together to celebrate." While a second added: "A truly wonderful, well brought up, caring and considerate lady." Amanda once again took to Instagram to share a photo of Raven this week after the birth of a foal at the farm. The post reads: “Raven meets Maple.#yorkshire #shepherdess #foal #horse #mare #clydesdale #heavyhorse #draughthorse” Receiving almost 48,000 likes, her followers gushed over the "beautiful" pictures. One thing many of her fans commented on though was how much Amanda and Raven now look-alike. DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [UPDATE]'Very scary' Amanda Owen resorts to prayer amid ‘stressful’ power cut [EXPLAINER]How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [CAST] Sallypope86 said: “Beautiful photo…Raven is a beaut just like her Mum, I had to look twice.” Traceyhewit commented: “Omg... I thought 1st photo was you.. Then realised it was Raven.” While Liz_illingsworth added: "I actually thought raven was you !!! Wow like mother like daughter there.” Despite Raven flying the nest for university, she is still very much needed back at home. Amanda Owen opened up about the children's part in running Ravenseat Farm in her book Celebrating the Seasons with the Yorkshire Shepherdess: Farming, Family and Delicious Recipes to Share. She explained: "When Raven is back home I rely on her massively. "She knows what needs tackling, and gets stuck in, whether it is dealing with the horses in the field, getting the little ones bathed, or whipping up a batch of bread." Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.