Martin Lewis, 50, has spoken out about being held to such a high regard that he is branded the “most trusted man” in the country thanks to his money saving expertise. The journalist states that although the compliments are “very nice”, he maintains that he is “no saint”. He said: “Honestly, I read about myself on Twitter and online and all these people say, ‘You’d be a great chancellor’, or ‘you should be prime minister’ or ‘this is the most trusted man in Britain’.“It is all very nice, but I’m no saint, I’m a real human being.”Martin explained to host Gabby Logan that he has done “lots of cr***y things” throughout his life.He continued on her The Mid.Point podcast: “I’ve been mean to people at times, I’ve got skeletons in the closet. “I don’t know what they are. I can’t think of them right now, but I’m sure there were some there. Right?  “All of those things, you know, I am not infallible and it’s lovely of you to make me out that way.”He also points out that he finds the positive “narrative” so difficult to accept because his wealth puts him in a “very different position” to the majority of people in the country.Martin went on: “I have more influence than most people should have, and I have an expertise in my subject. So, it is very easy for me to be that honourable, trusted person in a vocational life. “There’s a difficulty that the narrative paints me as what an amazing human being… I’m a fortunate human being.  “I’m a lucky person to be in the position to make choices that were easy.”The Mid.Point with Gabby Logan is available on all major podcast platforms.Last week, Martin was forced to issue a public apology to Ofgem staff after he “lost his rag” in an “emotional rant”. He took to Twitter to explain that he was angered by the regulator’s proposition that the energy price cap could rise every three months instead of six.As a result, Martin says he responded in an “inappropriate” way.The TV star penned in view of his 1.5 million followers: “I'd like to formally apologise to the @ofgem staff for losing my rag in a background briefing just now and saying its changes are a ‘f***ing disgrace that sells consumers down the river’.    “I should've behaved better. My ire's institutional not individual, it was inappropriate.” 