Formula One has arrived in Miami with the inaugural race around the Hard Rock stadium getting underway from 8.30pm BST. Ferrari locks out the front row of the grid with Charles Leclerc in pole and Carlos Sainz right behind in second. However, Max Verstappen will be hot on their heels with the Red Bull driver in third. It should be a thriller and if you fancy tuning in to all the live action you will need to sign up for a Sky contract with the telly firm continuing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. SEE THE BEST SKY SPORTS DEALS BELOW. After his disappointment in Italy, Leclerc appears to be back on form and so does his teammate with both the Ferraris looking in excellent form around the tight street-style circuit in Miami. "It is incredible to be here and see how the sport has grown in the US in the last few years," said Leclerc after qualifying in pole. "It's amazing." "The last weekend hasn't been great for me - I did a mistake in the race but today went well. HOW TO WATCH THE FIRST MIAMI GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from Miami with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 7.30pm and the red lights going out at 8.30pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £9.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the highlights of the race, but it will be shown a bit later on.