Elvis Presley worked hard in the music industry, but he played hard as well. During his off time, he would spend every moment wooing and dating various women throughout Hollywood and the music industry. It wasn't until he was drafted into the US Military in 1957 that he found a woman he would risk it all for. Elvis was sent to Friedberg, Germany, where he was stationed for a few years at a barracks when he met Priscilla Presley (Beaulieu, at the time). Memphis Mafia member Sonny West wrote in his book, Elvis: Still Taking Care of Business, that the King was a sucker for his personal addictions. "Everything he ever wanted was his for the taking," Sonny said. "Houses, cars, women, friends, luxury items. Self-indulgence became his outlet and, over time, his greatest enemy." Sonny claimed it was this weakness for self-indulgence that left Elvis thinking he wanted to get married and start a family with Priscilla once he returned to the USA. He recalled: "I think that’s exactly why he allowed a young lady named Priscilla Ann Beaulieu to reenter his life, and he started entertaining the idea of 'settling down.'" And the idea of settling down troubled Elvis' manager, Colonel Tom Parker. Tom Parker had previously urged Elvis to break up with his long-term girlfriend, Anita Wood, just before he became a worldwide phenomenon. He felt that Elvis was easier to sell as an artist if he was single and available for the thousands of screaming girls at his concerts. So when Elvis revealed he was infatuated with a young woman, Tom Parker panicked. Sonny wrote: "[Priscilla's] natural beauty was undeniable. Her age, however, was a whole different matter – especially in the eyes of the law." And Colonel Tom was even more gobsmacked when he learned Elvis wanted to bring the 16-year-old to the USA from Germany - without her parents. READ MORE: Elvis: How King ‘upset’ Graceland kids and defused Lisa Marie tantrum Sonny wrote: "It’s a pretty good bet that the Colonel almost swallowed his cigar when he found out that Elvis was determined to bring Priscilla, then 16, to the States from her home in Germany." And Sonny believed Elvis' desire to settle down was something of a pipe dream anyway. He explained that the King loved getting involved with multiple women at a time, and the idea of him committing to one woman was preposterous. He added: "On its face, that was as about as absurd as trying to become celibate in a brothel." DON'T MISS...Elvis: How King ‘upset’ Graceland kids and defused Lisa Marie tantrum [NEWS]Elvis Presley: The truth behind King’s incredible 'greek god' suntan [INFO]Elvis Presley: New biopic shows another side of stars' manager [INSIGHT] Even though Elvis was known for being a womaniser, Sonny was adamant that he did truly want to be with Priscilla and Priscilla alone. But he did think their relationship came with some unsaid doubts. "I’ve never had a single doubt that Elvis Presley loved Priscilla Beaulieu," he wrote in his memoir. "But to this day, I still have my doubts that he wanted to marry her after they were together for several years." Sonny added: "The world was one big tasty smorgasbord of opportunities for Elvis, and he wanted to sample it all. He never wanted to settle down in the prime of his career, if ever." And it wasn't until Ann-Margret arrived in Elvis' life that he was forced to settle down. Elvis first met Ann-Margret on the set of their 1964 movie Viva Las Vegas. They enjoyed a romantic love affair that lasted over a year, but eventually Priscilla - who was back in Graceland - found out. And she was not happy. After a blowout argument, Elvis agreed to break things off with Ann-Margret and finally settle down with Priscilla. Just a year later, Elvis proposed. And a year after that, on May 1, 1967, they were married. SOURCE https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/elvis-presleys-bodyguard-thought-elvis-being-faithful-to-priscilla-presley-was-like-trying-to-become-celibate-in-a-brothel.html/