 Drivers are being warned of new Low Emission Zones which are due to be launched this year. Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow will all launch their LEZs, followed by a grace period to allow motorists to comply with the new rules.  Based on the emissions standards, petrol cars registered from 2006 and diesel cars registered from September 2015 will be allowed into the zone. All other non-compliant vehicles will face penalty charges. The LEZs are set to be enforced from mid-2023 in Glasgow and mid-2024 in Aberdeen, Dundee and Edinburgh. These emissions-based charging zones promote public transport and more active travel like walking and cycling. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles  The introduction of the LEZ should be introduced on May 31, 2022 with a one-year grace period, meaning that enforcement of Glasgow's LEZ would start on June 1, 2023. A one-year grace period for vehicles registered to residential addresses within the LEZ, meaning that enforcement for these vehicles will begin on June 1, 2024. The scheme will operate 24 hours a day, 365 days of the year and follows a public consultation which was run in 2021. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING]  The LEZ in the Scottish capital is subject to final approval by the Council and Scottish Ministers in spring 2022, with the aim of introducing the LEZ in mid-2022. Following the launch, a two-year “grace period” will be put in place before any penalty charges are issued. Enforcement would commence from June 1, 2024, in the hopes that pollution rates in the city centre would be reduced.  It is anticipated that the LEZ would also be introduced in mid-2022. A two-year grace period is being proposed for all vehicle types when enforcement of the LEZ would not take place, with fines being introduced in mid-2024. In 2020, Aberdeen City Council consulted on eight LEZ options to understand the views of the public and see the impacts of the LEZ on traffic and air quality.  The proposals could see Dundee introduce its LEZ in mid-2022, in line with the Scottish Government’s current timetable, with the city also having a two-year grace period. Access will be restricted for the most polluting vehicles as those that do not meet the emission standards will not be able to enter the zone. If they do, the owner of the vehicle will have to pay a fine.