Adam (played by Adam Thomas) was last seen in Emmerdale in 2018 when he fled the village after taking the wrap for killing Emma Barton (Gillian Kearney), who was actually murdered by his mother, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb). Although Victoria was going to go and join him, when he arrived in Budapest, he met someone else and the pair subsequently got a divorce so the heartthrob could start a new life. However, he could soon get wind his ex-wife is going to get married again on the ITV soap and knowing he still loves her, he could make his way back to stop the proceedings. The drama begins in next week's episodes as David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) continues to mull over his relationship with Victoria. As she has dropped a few hints about their future, he decides it's time for him to propose and make things official between them. Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) soon learns of his son's plans and is rather taken aback given they've been together less than a year. He implores his son not to rush into anything but before his father's words can sink in, David is off and planning the proposal. Needing to get the ring from the jewellers, the shopkeeper asks Eric to keep things ticking over whilst he is away from the shop. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident Eric reluctantly agrees and as David darts to the shops, Victoria is talking about her relationship with Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) about her relationship. The mother of one jokes about what her partner's big talk could be about, having received a message from him asking to meet her. David instructs his other half to meet him in the woods and when she arrives, he is full of excitement over the prospect of asking her to be his wife. Victoria is still none the wiser as she arrives until her partner gets down on one knee, popping out a ring and asking her to marry him. It's not yet clear what Victoria will say but if she does agree to the proposal, word will get out that the pair are engaged. As one of her best friends, Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller), will be told about the news, even though he is thought to be living abroad with Adam. This will of course get through to her ex-husband, who could suddenly come to the realisation he is going to lose Victoria for good. Even though he's been absent from her life for four and a half years, he could venture back to the Dales to try and stop the wedding. Coming face to face with his former lover, it could dawn on Adam just how much he has missed her and how much he loves her. Unfortunately, she could tell him she doesn't want to get back together as she loves David and wants to raise a family with him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] However, Adam's time in the village could be cut short if the police arrive to arrest him for Emma's murder and for escaping police custody. Seeing her ex-husband carted off, with the prospect of spending the rest of his life behind bars, Victoria could begin to feel for him. As she realises she still loves him, despite the hurt and heartbreak he put her through, she could tell David she cannot marry him. Although it is unlikely Adam will be released from prison unless his mother confesses to killing Emma, Victoria will have to keep up a romance with him outside of jail. Will she be willing to do this for the sake of love or will she have made a big mistake by rejecting David for her ex-husband? The actor who plays Adam, Adam, has spoken out several times about returning to the show and his most recent was when he discovered Victoria and David were going to become a couple. Taking to social media, he narrated the moment he discovered the pair were going to become an item and he wrote on Instagram: "What is going on here? Why are they living together? "Are they together? No…they’re flirting. Get me back there now," the actor followed up with some indication he was joking. Adam has addressed his character's return in interviews, however, and has suggested he could make a comeback at some point. Talking in 2019, he said: "I can't wait to get back to Emmerdale, to be honest. There's nothing going on for me." "I've been speaking to a few of the cast and there's been talks about me coming back but I've not heard anything yet, so we'll just have to wait and see," he told The Mirror. The actor recently revealed he was returning to play Donte Charles in the revival of the BBC school drama, Waterloo Road. This means if he were to return to the weeknight soap opera, it could be for just a short stint, which would work if he were to be caught by the police. But would this be the end of this story completely or will there be room to include him in future storylines? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.