Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard admitted the decision to leave Emiliano Martinez out of his side’s huge clash against Manchester City was “out of his hands”. Gerrard has a huge opportunity to potentially derail Pep Guardiola’s side’s Premier League challenge and hand the title to his former side Liverpool. While the former Reds’ captain has repeatedly insisted his only focus is winning the match for Aston Villa and not Jurgen Klopp’s side, a result against the league leaders, coupled with a Liverpool victory over Wolves, would be a huge story. A Manchester City victory over the Midlanders would see them record back to back Premier League titles for the second time since Guardiola replaced Manuel Pellegrini. It would also be the former Barcelona boss’ fourth title in five seasons and his eighth major trophy on the blue side of Manchester. City currently boast a one point lead and a superior goal difference over the Merseysiders, meaning Liverpool would still need to beat Wolves if they were to pip City to the title. However, City fans were boosted by the news that Villa goalkeeper Martinez will have to miss the potentially historic contest through injury. And Gerrard admitted that he is rueing the Argentine’s absence. JUST IN: What Everton fan said to Patrick Vieira to provoke angry reaction “That’s a decision taken out of my hands,” Gerrard said to Sky Sports News before the contest. “If it was my decision, I’d be picking him. He’s a top class goalkeeper and a world class goalkeeper but he’s got a knee injury. “He didn’t finish yesterday’s session, he walked in and the doctor’s looked at him and ruled him out. That’s a blow for us but a big opportunity for Olsen. “The reason we brought Olsen in is because he’s got experience in big games, a lot of caps in his country so I don’t think the opportunity will faze him at all.” Villa currently reside in 14th position, but they still have an opportunity to jump up the table.  Only three points separate 14th placed Villa and 10th placed Brighton and Hove Albion, meaning Villa could even finish in the top half, providing other results go in their direction. And Gerrard is more than conscious to the opportunity his side have against City. Exactly. The priority we’ve got our last opportunity to move up the league and impress ourselves and supporters and that’s our focus,” Gerrard added. “Every game is important at this level. We want to try and give a good account of ourselves. We want to try and make it as hard as we can. “We realise the challenge and we’ll rise to it. On our day, we can surprise people. All I ask from my players is give everything they’ve got.”