Investors across the globe are deeply concerned over the widening impact of inflation on economic growth. The blue-chip index dropped 2.1 percent, joining a rout in Asian and European markets after Wall Street's main indexes sank overnight due to a warning on margins from retail giant Target. Various British companies have also seen their shares take a significant hit with Unilever, Diageo and Tesco all seeing falls. Supermarket chain Tesco saw the heaviest fall with a 5 percent drop.  Speaking of the concerning situation, Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at online trading platform IG said: "Target is more of a discount retailer. "The expectation would've been that they may have not been hit so badly by the slowdown in consumer spending. "Inflation hit them worse. "You're seeing that across the retailers this morning in Europe, they're falling on expectation that they will also take a hit. "There is no hiding place on the bad news." Aside from retail supermarkets, other British based businesses are suffering. Royal Mail has been trading down 8.6 percent, its lowest level since December 2020 after its full-year profit came in slightly below market expectations and the postal company warned of margin pressures in the United States. Oil and gas stocks have also fallen as worries about slowing global economic growth knocked crude prices. READ MORE:‘Civil war in Conservative party’ over cost-of-living measures Data this week showed British inflation hit a 40-year peak in April, deepening worries about the pain inflicted on consumers and a potential recession. British rates of inflation are now the highest among the G7 nations, with the figure flirting with double figures. Having reached 9 percent last month, it is above the 8.3 percent rate in the US and Germany’s 7.4 percent. Japan, an economy characterised by low inflation for decades thanks to an ageing population, has the lowest rate at 1.2 percent. One of the main causes of the significant price rise comes from the increasing uncertainty over energy supplies. DON'T MISS:Future of Mariupol being planned [REVEAL]Russian gymnast given ban for wearing Z symbol [REPORT]Parents panic after boy stabbed knifed at school gates [INSIGHT] Britain is a net importer of energy, meaning it is exposed to global price shocks. The post-lockdown surge in oil and gas prices, exacerbated by Russia’s war in Ukraine, is no exception. However, some other countries have done more in response. France has a 4 percent cap on electricity price rises, helped by state ownership of the energy producer EDF. The country also sources the majority of its energy needs from nuclear.  On the plus side, the Pound Sterling has recovered its value. The currency reversed course this morning as volatility takes hold on markets. The pound rose a half of one percent against the dollar to $1.2403. Against the euro, it gained 0.2pc to 84.63p.