Prince Harry reportedly had a "close" relationship with Prince William when they were younger, but in recent years tensions have arisen between the royal brothers. The rift has escalated further since Harry's exit from the Royal Family two years ago. After leaving the army, Prince Harry struggled with adjusting to royal life and, in particular, the "number two" treatment he endured which left him "marginalised" from his brother, according to royal expert Tina Brown. Speaking to Lorraine, Ms Brown said: "Harry and William have begun to have, a sort of, growing dissonance between them. "Harry was so happy in the army, you know, he had ten amazing years. She added: "[He] served his country, went twice to Afghanistan, he was super brave, it was a great success - his whole military career. "When he came out, he felt, sort of, route-less, he felt a bit lost. "He kind of rattled around, while his brother [William] was now set on the path for kingship, William was now groomed to be King, his destiny was clear, and at that point, the memo suddenly hit him that he was number two". READ MORE: Prince Harry 'rethinking' breakaway from Royal Family: ‘Heart is in UK’ Ms Brown continued: "He was going to be treated like a number two, inevitably. "He was not going to get the same assignments that William did and he began to feel, sort of, marginalised". Tina Brown has previously claimed that a rift between the once-close siblings dates back to when Harry retired from the army. Harry resigned from the army in 2015 and took up royal duties full-time. READ MORE: 'It’s scary' William fears for George, Charlotte and Louis as young royals 'daunted' His departure from the army left him feeling "unsure of who he was". Ms Brown previously told The Telegraph that the relationship between the brothers is "very bad". She stated that, as it stands, there is  "absolutely nothing going on between them at the moment". DON'T MISS Tensions between the two heightened more when Harry and his wife Meghan announced their decision to step down as senior royals in January 2020. However, the pair had been persistently dogged by rumours of an ongoing rift for months since the marriage of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in 2018. Prince Harry currently resides in the US with Meghan and their two young children. He returned briefly to the UK last month to visit the Queen alongside his wife but has not been seen with brother William since the unveiling of a statue in honour of their mother Diana in July 2021.