As of today (May 13), the building society launched a new issue of its One Year Triple Access Online ISA. On top of this, the savings account will be given an interest rate hike to further entice savers to join Nationwide. The One Year Triple Access Online ISA is now paying one percent AER for 12 months, tax-free - with the building society branding it a "highly competitive" rate. This particular account allows for transfers in, which allows members to move balances from either another Nationwide ISA or from an ISA account with another provider. Many savers will be looking to do the latter in order to benefit from the building society’s hiked rate. Furthermore, the financial institution has raised the interest rate on its One Year Triple Access Online Saver to go with the account’s latest issue. Similarly to its ISA equivalent, this account has also been given a rate of one percent AER for a 12-month period. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Both accounts permit three withdrawals over the 12-month duration but further withdrawals will revert to the 0.10 percent interest rate. After the 12 months is complete, the One Year Triple Access Online ISA and the One Year Triple Access Online Saver will be changed into one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts. Both accounts can be opened and managed online either through the website, Internet Bank and Mobile Banking. A minimum operating balance of £1 is needed to open one of Nationwide’s savings accounts.  At the same time, Nationwide has also introduced new issues of its one-year fixed rate ISAs, Bonds and Online Bonds, as well as its three and five-year Online Bonds. As it stands, the new interest rates for Nationwide’s ISA accounts are as follows: Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, outlined why the financial institution is choosing to hike the rate on its ISAs at this moment in time. Mr Riley explained: “ISAs remain an important product for many savers, as interest earnt on a cash ISA doesn’t count towards your Personal Savings Allowance. “Our new Triple Access Online ISA will offer a market-leading rate from a brand savers know and trust. “For those who want to save outside of an ISA, we are also increasing the rate on our Triple Access Online Saver. “We like to give savers a choice of fixed rates, which is why we are also launching a new range of one, three and five-year fixed rate products.” Last month, Nationwide confirmed it would be also hiking the interest rates on its instant and limited access savings accounts. Savers who use the building society’s Single Access ISA, e-Savings Plus and Limited Access Saver accounts can enjoy a 0.25 percent rate increase. On this rise, Mr Riley said: “As a mutual, we have to ensure that we balance the value we provide our savers with that which we offer to our borrowers and wider membership. “We regularly review the rates on our savings accounts to ensure that we continue to offer the best rates that we can. “Despite recent rate changes across the wider savings market, we have continually paid more than the market average.”