An analysis of Google search data has revealed that British people are increasingly looking for opportunities to permanently move to another country. The potential expats look for a place to live where the impact of the cost of living crisis is not as devastating as it currently is in the UK. With inflation rates at peak and energy prices seeing an unprecedented hike, as a consequence of both the pandemic and the war in Ukraine, it is evident that people look for an ‘escape route’. Specifically, according to the data that were recently published, the searches for the term “move abroad” in the UK have exploded by a whopping 1,000 percent. The analysis by immigration experts Reiss Edwards showed that this increase in searches, which were counted as of April 2022, is the highest level in internet history. The urge to become an expat to a cheaper country is strongly linked to the price hikes coming into effect across various sectors from the beginning of April, the experts suggest. From April, UK residents are faced with a 54 percent rise in the energy price cap, a rise of up 3 percent in Council Tax across local authorities and VAT levels rising back to 20 percent along with an increase in National Insurance. The dramatic increase in searches for “move abroad” corresponds to ten times the average volume within the past month. Amar Ali, Managing Director from Reiss Edwards, commented on the findings: “The British public have been faced with a gradual rise in the cost of living since the pandemic, which has only amplified enormously in the last couple of months. “These new price hikes are leading some British residents to look for an alternative, and more affordable, country to live in.” The executive commented that it will be “interesting” to see these rates transit to actual increasing rates of UK expats in other countries. He continued: “To emigrate abroad can be a very important move for anyone and is a choice that should be well thought out with all the right information. “These findings highlight the scale of Britons looking to make that commitment due to the cost of living crisis. “With the inflation rate in the UK set to continue to rise, it will be interesting to see whether these searches come to fruition and see just how many Britons choose to move away from the UK this year.” But where do these Brits looking to emigrate mainly wish to move to? The data reveals that searches for ‘apply for Australian visa’ have exploded by 670 percent since the cost of living crisis began.