Disproportionately large losses among Russia's military and evidently slow advances in the country's invasion of Ukraine call into question whether Putin has considered reassessing his war ambitions. According to Matt Qvortrup, professor of political science at Coventry University, this is unlikely. Citing Greek philosopher Xenophon, he said a dictator "does not like to listen to bad news because the dictator wants to be a genius". Therefore, he suggested, Putin will never admit the Kremlin cannot achieve what it had aimed for. He told Express.co.uk: "I think the problem for Putin is what Greek philosopher Xenophon wrote in a book about the difficulties of being a dictator: basically, the dictator does not like to listen to bad news because the dictator wants to be a genius, and therefore, he doesn't get necessarily the right information. "I think the people who are giving him information are probably giving him a little bit too rosy a picture. "I think he must be able to realise that that is not exactly what's happening." On Wednesday, in the latest reflection of Moscow's difficulties in conquering meaningful territory in Ukraine, Russian troops were forced to retreat behind their own borders, Kyiv officials said in an intelligence update, as resistance fighters launched counter-attacks aimed at halting Putin's main advance in the east. Ukraine LIVE: Putin Black Sea hell as just '8 troops, 2 ships' left Brigadier General Oleksiy Hromov, of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, said: "The enemy switched to defence after an unsuccessful assault around Kharkiv. "In the Kharkiv direction, the Ukrainian armed forces see some success and are liberating settlements." In their report, Ukrainian military officials said Russian troops operating in the region around Kharkiv and Izyum had sustained "significant losses" and were "withdrawn from Ukraine to the Belgorod region", 25 miles into Russia. As Ukrainian units advanced towards the Russian border, they liberated four towns to the north and northeast of Kharkiv, the Ukrainian General Staff added. By pushing back Russian men who had occupied the outskirts of Kharkiv since the start of the full-scale war began on February 24, it could be argued a stage of the conflict in which Putin's army is officially under stress has started. This has led to hopeful speculation the Russian president might scale back on his plans in the face of the Ukrainian resistance. But as per Prof Qvortrup, an expert in constitutions, democracy and comparative politics, "an element of the bunker mentality" comes into play. "In addition to that," he said, "Putin thinks that this (the invasion) is his only duty." On May 9, when Moscow celebrated Victory Day in memory of the then-Soviet Union's triumph over Germany in World War Two, this became clear. Putin drew back to 1945, when Russia's "fate hung in the balance", to describe the "defence of our homeland" as a "sacred" task. DON'T MISSNATO vs Russia weapons: Putin terrified by Western armies [INSIGHT]British fighters trapped in Mariupol steelworks [EXCLUSIVE]Russia in FLAMES: Horror blaze rips through historic building [REPORT] Delivering his much-expected speech in Moscow, he said: "The memory of the war will not fade. "Just as in those days, today you are fighting for our people in the Donbas, for the security of our homeland: Russia." Speaking of the soldiers who lost their lives fighting for the nation then, he added: "We are proud of this unbroken, valiant generation of victors, that we are their heirs, and it is our duty to preserve the memory of those who destroyed Nazism." The Ukraine invasion, Putin suggested, was necessary to "ensure that the horror of a global war is not repeated" after the West refused to "engage in honest discussion to find fair compromises which accounted for each other's interests". And with that narrative, "lashing out at the West", Prof Qvortrup predicted when speaking to Express.co.uk before the speech, Putin "kept quiet" about the many deaths seen among his men so far. While exact figures for the number of fatalities are difficult to verify and confirm, the Russian death toll now stands at more than 25,000, according to the Land Forces of Ukraine's latest figures. Western estimates are somewhat lower, though still place the losses above 15,000. Prof Qvortrup said: "The war is not going to plan. And it will be very difficult for him [Putin] to spin it. "You can spin things in the media, but you can't spin things when it comes to how many dead people there are. "And there will be all the mothers and the fathers and the brothers of the soldiers who have died."