Traffic is currently stopped on the M25 anti-clockwise between Junction 4 (Orpington), J3 for the M20 and J1 (Swanley) due to the collision. National Highways Southeast reported that emergency services, including National Highways Traffic Officers, are currently at the scene.   There are currently delays of 50 minutes, according to National Highways. Two out of three lanes have closed along the route. National Highways expects the route to clear between 11.30am and 11.45am. A spokesman from Kent Police said the crash was reported at 9.45am on Friday, May 20 and that it involved two cars. He added there were no injuries.   In an update issued at 10.30am, National Highways tweeted that lane three had reopened after the crash while lanes one and two remained closed for recovery and clean up. It added that there were delays of 45 minutes and about four miles of congestion on the approach to the scene. Congestion has also been reported clockwise on the M25 between J29 (Romford) and J1A (Erith). Lane one of the Queen Elizabeth II Bridge was closed due to a broken down vehicle.  READ MORE ABOUT A SCHOOL'S 'CRUEL' PROM DECISION   The bridge is due to close overnight from 10pm on Saturday, May 21, through to 5am the next day. There is a southbound diversion via the Dartford Crossing's east tunnel with a northbound diversion via its west tunnel. An alternative diversion will be in place for high-sided vehicles of more than 4.8m (15' 9") via the clockwise M25.  DON'T MISS: 'They've been contributing for years!' Vine guest erupts [REPORT] Tom Cruise holds dazzling Kate's hand as William walks alongside [LATEST] Kate Middleton and Prince William stun fans at Top Gun premiere [REVEALED] News of traffic problems in Kent come a day after Conservative MP Natalie Elphicke warned that Dover is becoming as famous for its traffic jams as it is for its white cliffs. Mrs Elphicke urged the Government to invest in her area because of the growing "fragility" of the road network, but said problems had been in place long before Brexit. As MPs took part in a general debate on transport, the Government was also called upon to introduce "road pricing" to help cover the Treasury reduction in tax receipts arising from the increased use of electric vehicles. Mrs Elphicke told the Commons that major arterial roads in her constituency leading to the Port of Dover were "long overdue for investment".  She said: "Dover has become as famous for its traffic queues as for its white cliffs, and it is time the road blocks are cleared. This matters for national growth as well as local growth." But she added later: "Contrary to the doomsters and gloomsters, when the Brexit transition finally came the sky did not fall in, the seas did not rise, and there were not hundreds of miles of tailbacks to the Midlands and beyond, but there are days when the traffic grinds to a halt. "There were before we left the European Union and there are now, because of weather, strikes and many other reasons. "These are part and parcel of having a major transport hub, be that a port or an airport, but the fragility of the road network has increased in recent decades and the activity and growth has soared."  Queues of freight heading for the Port of Dover and the Channel tunnel are currently managed with a traffic holding system called Operation Brock. Elsewhere in the debate, Conservative chairman of the Transport Committee Huw Merriman said it is time for road pricing. The MP for Bexhill and Battle said: "Once all this is done, there will be a 4% hole in the Exchequer - 4% of all tax receipts come from fuel duty or vehicle excise duty (VED), that is £35 billion worth of funds. "Only about 20% of that goes onto the road, so if we want to continue to invest in roads, but also schools, hospitals, we're going to have to find a way of replacing those taxes that won't exist once we all have electric vehicles.  "It's time for road pricing. Road pricing will work, we have the technology to allow it to work and the beauty of it is, that it's very similar to the current system. "The more you drive, the bigger your vehicle, the more you would then pay. It's time to have bold decisions on matters like this and not wait until it's too late." 