In August 1997, the world was devastated to hear of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Her post-royal life was cut short when she was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris. On the day of Diana’s funeral, which took place on September 6, the Queen surprised everyone when she chose to break a royal protocol by bowing as her former daughter-in-law’s coffin went by. Speaking to the Talking Honey panel, royal commentator Victoria Arbiter discussed the Queen's broken protocol. 9Honey's Shelly Horton said: "Now Victoria, you actually attended Princess Diana's funeral and from what I've heard, it was during the funeral procession that Her Majesty made a small gesture that would hold quite a large meaning". Ms Arbiter said: "She really did, and she won a wave of affection as a result. "But yes, we were sitting in the Abbey and from the moment Diana's funeral cortege left Kensington Palace, she had spent her final night at Kensington Palace, the minute bell at Westminster Abbey told each minute of the procession. "Sitting in the Abbey, it was a very foreboding sound, because it was just silent, other than this bell every minute. READ MORE: 'Threw away $100M' Netflix continue to wield axe after scrapping Meghan Markle's project "As the funeral procession drew alongside Buckingham Palace, the Queen led the entire family out to the North gate and as the cortege drew level and past, she bowed her head out of respect to Diana. She added: "Now this is the woman that does not bow before anybody but it showed a tremendous amount of humility, tremendous amount of grace. The Queen is really guided by her Christian faith and that simple gesture, which then encouraged the rest of the family to follow suit, really won over public affection. "People sort of realised, oh there's a family here, there's a family, it's not just our Queen". READ MORE: Royal dream team! FULL lineup hosting Buckingham Palace Garden Party for Queen - confirmed Ms Horton said: "It made it real". Speaking previously on Rai 1's series Ulisse, Alberto Angela suggested that the bow was perhaps "one of the strongest images in her entire reign". Mr Angela added: "Even in the darkest hour, Elizabeth put her mission first. "From that dramatic moment, the monarchy will come out even stronger". DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] The relationship between the Queen and her daughter-in-law had become strained as Prince Charles and Diana became engaged in what would come to be known as the "War of the Windsors." Despite this, it was earlier reported that Diana "was particularly fond of the Queen". Diana's death came just a year after her divorce from Prince Charles was finalised.