 The former QI host is known for his use of Twitter to give fans a glimpse into his life, including his latest revelation. He discovered a feature in his car which can help drivers with remembering which side of the car their petrol cap is on.  The Blackadder actor shared a picture of his car dashboard, showing his fuel gauge which had a small white arrow pointing to the left. This indicates that the driver should drive to the right of the pumps. He sent his 12.4 million Twitter followers into a frenzy after sharing a little-known car hack, saying his life was “changed forever”. He tweeted: “Well, simmer me in prune juice and call me Daisy. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park  “I never knew till now that you can tell which side of a car the filler cap is on by a little arrow next to the petrol pump icon. “Sixty-four years on the planet shrouded in ignorance. “My life is changed forever.” The tweet now has almost 800 retweets, 1,500 responses and over 18,000 likes. DON'T MISSAll homes and workplaces will need smart electric car chargers in June [URGENT]Only 5 percent of buyers would now consider a diesel car [SHOCKING]New driving law could lead to 'sinister implications' for car tax [WARNING]  After seeing the tweet, thousands of drivers flocked to the responses to comment on the newly-discovered car hack. One commenter, using the name JP,  said: "I only learnt that in the last few years too. “Although, I still get confused - does the arrow mean your car needs to be to the left of the pump, or that your filler cap is on the left - as I am pulling into the petrol station I forget and panic?" Another Twitter user, Jay, wrote: “I wonder if it's the same for electric cars? I've never been in an electric car though.  “Thinking about it, I would be disappointed if there's not a wee lightning bolt or something in place of the fuel pump icon." A third motorist added: “It is so funny that even with a car that I've been driving for several years my brain simply forgets where the cap is and I resort to this method weekly." Many also debated why the reason for this was, and whether this was the case for all vehicles. One commenter, using the nickname Bruce Wayne, said that arrows must be on newer cars.  They added that on older cars, people can usually tell by which side of the pump symbol the pipe and handle is. In response, Sir Michael W, questioned whether this was true, saying: “Yes, older cars don’t have the arrow, but the pump handle symbol isn’t 100 percent correct either. “It’s just that most cars have or had the filler on the same side as the symbol, but not all.” One Twitter user reassured Stephen Fry that this was a relatively new feature. A motorists under the handle ‘Canadian Dave’, said: “Don't feel too bad, this is a feature of newer vehicles and hasn't existed for your entire lifetime.”