Manchester United are being linked with plenty of former Erik ten Hag players as the summer transfer window creeps closer. From Antony to Jurrien Timber, Matthijs de Ligt to Frenkie de Jong, speculation has ramped up since it was confirmed the 52-year-old would be heading to Old Trafford. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at how the team could look next season if the quartet arrive. Dean Henderson wants to start more matches at United, having made just three appearances across all competitions this term. But that’s unlikely to happen while David De Gea is at the club. De Gea had been expected to be demoted at the start of the season, particularly after he experienced a horrendous night at the office in last year’s Europa League final. Yet the Spain international has bounced back to silence his critics and keep Henderson at bay. Therefore, it’s hard to see anybody else being between the sticks by the time Ten Hag’s first game comes around. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While Timber can play as a centre-back, it’s possible he’ll be used as a right-back should he move to United. And that’s because Aaron Wan-Bissaka is on the market, while Diogo Dalot has never achieved consistency since his arrival from Porto back in the summer of 2018. At centre-back, United have been linked with De Ligt. And it’s feasible he’d walk into the team over Harry Maguire, who has struggled all season long. Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw would then consequently make up over components of Ten Hag’s backline, with the duo unlikely to depart any time soon. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United are set to lose Paul Pogba on a free transfer, with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain battling to recruit the 29-year-old. And Nemanja Matic is primed to depart as well, having already announced he’ll be on the move. United have been heavily linked with De Jong, even though Barcelona want big money to let the Netherlands international go. Yet if the Red Devils are somehow able to snap him up, the 25-year-old could then be reunited with Donny van de Beek in the middle of the park. Then, playing further ahead, would be Bruno Fernandes - who recently penned a new contract with the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag is said to have doubts over Marcus Rashford and whether the 24-year-old can get his mojo back. And that’s why links to Antony have been continuous in recent times. The Ajax star would be a good addition on the right of their attack, having sparkled in Amsterdam under Ten Hag’s guidance. Down the middle would go Cristiano Ronaldo, who is now expected to stay at Old Trafford. And, on the left, Jadon Sancho - who will be aiming to improve after an underwhelming first season at the club following his summer arrival from Borussia Dortmund. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag has started working at United ahead of schedule and, speaking recently, explained his decision. “The detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around,” he said. “We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he's already shown and I think he's still very ambitious. “Of course I would like to keep him. He's been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics."