Dan Walker, who recently quit BBC Breakfast, admitted his father-in-law was left unimpressed by the opening ceremony ahead of the game. Fans were left baffled as the Champions League final was further delayed by Camila Cabello's pre-match performance. Inside the stadium, ahead of the big game between Liverpool and Real Madrid, singer Camila Cabello took to the stage. But it appeared Dan's family member was not impressed by her elaborate performance at the Stade de France. Taking to Twitter yesterday, the former BBC Breakfast host revealed his father-in-law's "assessment". In view of his 759,000 followers, he penned: "Father-in-law’s assessment of Camila Cabello… READ MORE: Christian Horner's wife Geri leaves fans in disbelief with new look "'She’s no Taylor Swift is she?' Daughter rolls eyes #ChampionsLeagueFinal." His followers took to the comment section and shared their thoughts. Twitter user Symon wrote: "I think your father-in-law is right, not quite a belter of a football anthem, was it?" Anade commented: "I have to agree with him."  Shaun remarked: "Had no idea who she was." However, others diagreed, as Catherine penned: "Brutal." Nicki added: "Well I liked her. Seem to be in the minority." The match was due to kick off at 8pm UK time, but was pushed back to 8:15 and then 8.30pm due to chaos outside. DON'T MISS... Ex-BBC presenter Yasmin Evans issues plea after being 'knocked out'[LATEST]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[HEALTH]Elon Musk breaks silence after accusations in Amber and Johnny trial [UPDATE] According to reports, hundreds of fans struggled to get into the Stade De France, with supporters met with long queues and apparent heavy handed-policing. While some fans were locked outside the stadium, others inside were being entertained by Cabello who sang a number of her hits. The pop sensation was said to be on the receiving end of a chorus of boos from Liverpool supporters as she took to the opening ceremony stage ahead of Saturday night's UEFA Champions League final. The 25-year-old performed a medley of hits including Senorita and Don't Go Yet as The Reds prepared to take on Real Madrid in Paris. In the final game, it was Real Madrid who came up on top beating Liverpool 1-0. In a follow-up tweet, Dan joked Cabello should do the VAR checks after Peter Walton's analysis of the decision to disallow Karim Benzema's goal for offside. He penned: "Idea for next #ChampionsLeagueFinal … "Peter Walton to do the pre-match entertainment and Camila Cabello to do the VAR checks." 