Tennis starlet Carlos Alcaraz was seen having a laugh when asked about his ‘cojones’ following his stunning victory over fellow Spaniard - and childhood hero - Rafael Nadal. Alcaraz saw off Nadal in the Spanish clash thanks to a superb 6-2, 1-6, 6-3 win, on a day to remember for the youngster. The 19-year-old’s heroics have been recognised by many across the tennis world, and when his head, heart and ‘cojones’ were praised on the Tennis Channel. In response Alcaraz let out a large laugh, and spoke about how his attitude helped him get through the difficult moments in the match. He said: “In a tough moment, an important moment I think that [his attitude], I think I have to go for it. If I miss it, I lose it, well I feel that I am doing the right things, I am happy with that. If I am happy with that if I miss it but today I did it and it was unbelievable." When asked about his remarkable victory, Alcaraz struggled to put his achievements into words, before going on to describe his trumping of Nadal as ‘unbelievable’. “I don’t know what to say,” the 19-year-old commented. “It is unbelievable to play in this stadium against the best athlete in history in Spain, the best player in history on clay. It has been an unbelievable match.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic brands Carlos Alcaraz 'special' ahead of Madrid Open showdown  Despite his victory yesterday, Alcaraz will be dragged straight back down to earth today, as his next clash doesn’t get any easier as he takes on world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the semi-final. Speaking about his clash with the Serbian the Spaniard said: “I am excited to play against the best player in the world, he is No. 1 right now. “I want to do the same as [David] Nalbandian a lot of years ago [beating Djokovic in Madrid]. I beat Rafa, tomorrow I go back in front of the net. Lets see, I can just say that I will fight until the last ball, I will do my game. I will enjoy the match and let's see what is going to happen.” DON'T MISSRaducanu discovers Italian Open draw fate including possible Osaka tieNadal makes 'incurable' injury confession amid concern over limpDjokovic gives verdict on Nadal and Alcaraz battle as he awaits winner The 19-year-old has already earned the praise of his Saturday opponent, after Djokovic labelled Alcaraz ‘special’, adding that he believes he is ‘breathing new life into the world of tennis’. The world No. 1 commented: “There are many things that are special about him… His growth, his improvement and his trajectory, especially in the last six months, have been incredible.” “I love watching him play, like many other players on tour. I praise his game without a doubt. It's fantastic for our sport, without a doubt. I think it's fantastic that we have a young player who is doing so well and who is breathing new life into the world of tennis."