Liverpool cannot "stand still" and must sign a top striker of their own following Manchester City's purchase of Erling Haaland, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Haaland will join City this summer after his release clause at Borussia Dortmund was activated by the reigning Premier League champions. City need four points from their remaining two matches to confirm a fourth title in five seasons. Liverpool are hoping Pep Guardiola's side slip up to allow them back in following their FA Cup final win over Chelsea on Saturday. But Agbonlahor says the penalty shootout victory over the Blues showed the main weakness in Jurgen Klopp's side. He believes there is a lack of a top centre-forward and the club must react to City's early business. He said on talkSPORT: "I said this a week ago about Liverpool needing a striker. I've got a lot of Liverpool fans coming at me about their record for scoring goals, but [Saturday] showed. READ MORE: Anthony Martial looks set to be used in Man Utd swap deal as Erik ten Hag hatches plan  "[Roberto] Firmino came on, didn't really do much in a short space of time. They need a striker, Liverpool. "Man City have Haaland now next season. I feel like Liverpool, today, could have done with a centre-forward. "Liverpool, an outstanding team, score a lot of goals, but you don't stand still. Your rivals have scored a ridiculous amount of goals as well this season and they've brought in the best, for me top-three striker in the world, who's going to score so many goals next season. "He's going to add a different dimension to their attack, Manchester City. Why would Liverpool stand still? DON'T MISSMan Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]Arsenal 'agreement' reached on Aaron Hickey transfer with final details left to solve [GOSSIP]Man Utd stars pulled apart from 'full-on scrap' in training as horror season hits new low [REPORT]  "Firmino's not the answer, [Divock] Origi's going, [Sadio] Mane and [Mohamed] Salah haven't agreed deals yet, what if one of them leaves? You need a striker. It's not rocket science." Agbonlahor believes Liverpool would have strolled the final if they had a striker. He admits bringing in a player of that type would create a different dimension for Klopp's side. The pundit added: "If they had a clinical striker [against Chelsea], a [Harry] Kane, a Haaland, they would have won that game comfortably today. I'm not saying Liverpool are not a great team, a fantastic team, score a lot of goals. "But if you added a different dimension to that attack with a top striker, and he might not start every game, he might come off the bench like Firmino did today."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here