Princess Eugenie chose not to wear a veil on her wedding day to make an important statement. Royal weddings have always been exciting and highly anticipated events, regardless of whether the bride has been the Queen, Princess Diana or Kate Middleton. The world always waits with bated breath to get their first glimpse of the stunning wedding dress and to see if it has been designed to send out a particular message.  Princess Eugenie's wedding dress was a brilliant example of this as she became the first royal bride in decades not to wear a veil so that she could make an important statement. The Princess married her long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank at St George's Chapel, Windsor on October 12, 2018 in front of approximately 800 guests. The couple chose several of the Queen's great-grandchildren to participate in the wedding party, from Savannah and Isla Phillips to Prince George and Princess Charlotte. For her big day, Princess Eugenie was lent the Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara by the Queen. READ MORE: Harry's 'disloyalty' to Queen means Eugenie and Beatrice 'suffer' However, she chose not to add a veil to her look so that she could make a big statement with her dress. The Princess chose to wear a dress designed by Peter Pilotto and Christopher de Vos with a low-cut back to showcase the scar that runs down her spine following childhood surgery to correct scoliosis. Eugenie underwent surgery on her spine at the age of 12 so titanium could be added to repair the curvature that scoliosis had caused. The Princess has spoken out about her journey and the Royal National Orthopedic Hospital. She said: "Without the care I received at the RNOH I wouldn't look the way I do now; my back would be hunched over. “And I wouldn't be able to talk about scoliosis the way I now do and help other children who come to me with the same problem. "My back problems were a huge part of my life, as they would be for any 12-year-old. “Children can look at me now and know that the operation works.  “I’m living proof of the ways in which the hospital can change people’s lives." In 2021, it was announced that she had become the royal patron of Scoliosis Association UK. Like all royal weddings, the couple's nuptials came with an eye-watering price tag, with security totalling £2million. It was confirmed later that the wedding, the dress and flowers, as well as the subsequent two parties were paid for privately by the bride’s parents.  The couple now live near the Queen at Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor Estate, the former home of Prince Harry and Meghan. Eugenie and Jack became parents for the first time in early 2021 when they welcomed their son, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank. It was announced that he was named after two of his five-times great-grandfathers, as well as the late Prince Philip. August has only been seen in a handful of photographs which have been shared by his mother on her Instagram account, but is expected to join many of his royal cousins in a carriage ride at the Royal Windsor Horse Show to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next month. 