The Antiques Road Trip star has been running Kilcreggan Antiques, in Scotland, with her husband Mark for the past eight years and has become a fan favourite on the BBC show. Roo recently shared her concerns over landing a job on the channel during an in-depth interview where she discussed her personal life, her losses and her successful career. Speaking on a recent episode of the podcast Things I Forgot Were Good For Me, the expert explained: "I have always loved history and the past and undiscovered things but ironically enough me and my husband were very much in the corporate world." Before venturing into the world of antiques they owned a call centre on the Isle of Man. When their fathers died within weeks of one another eight years ago the couple both decided to leave the corporate world behind. Unsure of what path to take, the pair moved in with Roo's mother for several months while they tried to find their feet again.  READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Needing to make an income as the months went on, Roo and Mark decided to sell a variety of antiques from their Victorian home. They soon became successful at selling vintage treasures online as they had a penchant for auctions and antiques. "Long story short, we did that and it was very successful and things were going out to Russia, China and Australia," she explained. "We then opened up a little shipping container shop in our village and opened up our first little antique shop."  However, she shared her concerns about joining Antiques Road Trip in the years which followed adding: "I was very hesitant because I thought we had only discovered antiques because we discovered auctions and wanted to furnish a house. "That was the first real contact I had with beautiful antiques which were 100, 200, 300 years old. "Otherwise, as an Asian, we don't really do antiques in our culture, it's an odd thing to say but in Asian culture, if something is old it is not worth keeping. "It's about modern ways to decorate your home so antiques is not really a concept that is understood in typical South Asian generations."  DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip's Roo Irvine on warning to bosses ahead of filming [INTERVIEW]Antiques Road Trip's Roo Irvine recalls father’s sudden death [UPDATE]Antiques Road Trip expert Irita Marriott 'over the moon’ with profit [LATEST]  In 2015, Antiques Road Trip bosses asked Roo and Mark if they could visit their shop. However, she revealed: "I said, 'I warn you, it is tiny,' but they said, 'No, no, we are always looking for new places.' "A few months later they asked if they could put me forward to become an expert. "So after the five minutes of TV time, I guess I am still here five years later."   Reflecting on the moment, she added: "It's one of the stories from the darkest day of your life a whole new adventure starts and I guess it goes to prove you don't know what life or that day has in store for you. "Just when you think you are heading down a path it will take you down a completely different one." Roo, whose full name is Arusha Irvine, regularly posts updates about filming Antiques Road Trip with her thousands of social media followers and recently shared a snap of filming the latest series in Scotland. Antiques Road Trip episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer and the full podcast interview is available on Spotify. 