 Tom Cruise will host the first act of the finale performance of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at Royal Windsor Horse Show tonight. The actor joins forces with Damian Lewis, Bridgerton star Adjoa Andoh and Alan Titchmarsh to take Britons on a ‘A Gallop Through History’. A total of 1,300 performers, 500 horses and a star-studded cast tell stories of royal history in a theatrical, equestrian show. There is no obvious reason why the Hollywood star is involved in such a British celebration, but it has been said that Tom “loves the royals”. And it appears the feelings are mutual as it was revealed by Kensington Palace yesterday that Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will be attending the premiere of Top Gun: Maverick at Leicester Square on Thursday. Tom previously treated the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to a screening of the film having found out that William, a trained search and rescue pilot, was a huge fan of the original movie. Tom has encountered the royal couple before, and seems to share a friendly relationship with the future King and Queen. Last year, William, Kate and their eldest son, Prince George, attended the Euro 2020 final at Wembley Stadium. A behind-the-scenes video shows that even royalty gets a little starstruck, as the Duke and Duchess were spotted beaming at the actor as they exited the stadium. An Instagram video posted by a fan, who was seated behind the royal box, showed the actor politely letting the Cambridges leave their seats first. Another viral video from the game saw a rare royal display of affection as George enthusiastically hugged his parents in celebration of England’s first goal.  Guests in the royal box also included David Beckham and his children, Cruz and Harper, Kate Moss and her daughter, Lila, and Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife, Carrie. Tom is no stranger to royalty, having met the late Prince Philip at a Buckingham Palace dinner to mark the 75th anniversary of the Outward Bound Trust in 2017. He also attended Diana, Princess of Wales's funeral in 1997 along with his then-wife, Nicole Kidman, and American film director, Steven Spielberg. As tonight’s performance will bring the horse show to a close, the Queen is expected to be in the audience. DON'T MISS Prince Harry faces backlash over 'cringe' ad 'Public not interested' [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'commendable' for upbringing of their children [REPORT]Prince Harry's UK trip questioned as Netflix 'wants grievances' to air [REVEAL]  Her Majesty has been experiencing mobility issues, meaning that she has been forced to pull out of several public engagements in recent months. On Tuesday, she missed the annual reading of the Queen's Speech for the first time since 1963. She had last been seen in public in March, when she attended a service commemorating the life of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey. However, in a surprise appearance, the monarch was driven onto the showground at the horse show on Friday. The Queen was spotted sitting in the front passenger seat of her Range Rover, which pulled up near the parade ring so she could watch her animals. She later joined Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex in the main castle area to watch the couple's daughter, Lady Louise Windsor — who is also the Queen's granddaughter — in a carriage display marking the centenary of the Fell Pony Society. The Queen is well-known for her love of horses and the Royal Windsor Horse Show is reported to be one of her favourite events of the year. She is believed to have attended every year since it began as a wartime fundraising event in 1943. The live show was cancelled in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic and went online instead. It is particularly special this year as the event not only pays tribute to her 70-year reign, but also celebrates her and Philip’s contributions to the equestrian world. In discreet tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, Lady Louise drove his carriage that he left to her following his death last year. Tonight, 10 of the Queen and Philip’s great-grandchildren will feature in the culminating performance of ‘A Gallop Through History’ as they are expected to ride together in a carriage.