Frustrated holidaymakers caught up in the chaos took to social media to fume about "mile-long" queues. Ongoing disruption at airports across the country has been blamed on an industry-wide problem with staffing levels following the Covid pandemic and a spike in demand for travel. One Twitter user with the handle @DerrenN said there were "unbelievable queues" at Birmingham Airport just after 5am. They said: "@bhx_official this is the worst I’ve ever seen at an airport. Unbelievable queues today. 400m long. "Scrap that. Queue is about 1 mile long - Literally." Another raged: "@bhx_official the queue this morning is a disgrace. Why after days of this have you not sorted it!!!??? #birminghamairport."  Meanwhile, another Twitter user @papagiak said there were queues "half a mile" long at Leeds Bradford Airport just after 4am. They fumed: "Same cost and even more cr*p service at the airport in Leeds. "Collapsing services. COVID or opportunity to make more profit and lack of coordination? "04:00 and the queue is half a mile."  Gary Walker shared a snap of a long queue at Leeds Bradford this morning, tweeting: "#LeedsBradfordAirport don’t leave it last minute. 30 mins and only just reached Greggs!" Another passenger at Leeds Bradford posted at 6am: "Just arrived for my 9am flight and queue for security is that long that I'm not sure if I'm gonna make it." Meanwhile, a Twitter user with the handle @slashcann100 posted a picture of snaking queues at Manchester Airport on Thursday morning. They said: "#manchesterairport its rammed but moving."  The queues are the latest chaos to hit airports up and down the country in recent weeks after passengers warned of people bursting into tears and being left feeling feint amid long delays. Dennis Hall, from Yarm, slammed his check-in at Leeds Bradford last Friday as a "disaster" after he waited more than three hours to board his flight to Greece. Sarah Dreier, from Castleford, said she missed her flight to Fuerteventura despite arriving at the airport three hours before. She told the BBC: "There was total chaos. "After having no customer services available it was clear the whole of the airport was a queue. "There were families crying, there were people feeling faint. I was in disbelief." Another passenger took to Twitter to warn of queues at Leeds Bradford on Wednesday. They said: "For anyone coming to #leedsbradfordairport it really is as bad as people are saying. 3 hours at least this morning for security." Another person, Dave Henderson, added: "Huge queues at #leedsbradfordairport for security. Get there early even for fast track."   One passenger told Leeds Live: "I've been to this airport many times before and never seen queues quite like it - it really is as busy as everyone has been saying. Not the most thrilling thing to have to do on the way to a much-anticipated holiday." A Birmingham Airport spokesperson said: “Queues were long but managed and moving this morning as we helped many of the more than 14,000 customers booked to fly out of BHX today. “As always, we ask customers to arrive at the airport at the time your airline advises - and to help us help you keep queues moving by removing any liquids, gels, pastes and electrical items from your bags before our security x-ray scanners." A spokesperson for Leeds Bradford Airport said: “We would like to apologise to passengers impacted by queues at LBA. "We’re working hard to overcome these challenges, that are impacting airports across the country, through recruitment and training initiatives, while managing queues safely.”  