During my contribution to the Queen’s Speech debate in the House on Wednesday, I paid tribute to the fantastic work of a local food bank in Ashfield. I have worked closely with the food bank which does not just supply food items to those in need, but also provides cooking and budgeting lessons to help reduce dependency on food banks. Subsequently, the Left and the media have been inferring all sorts of untrue assumptions about my comments. The Mirror even ran a shocking and absolutely untrue headline stating I said, “poor people can’t cook”. Watch my speech. I never said that poor people cannot cook or there is no need for food banks. This certainly is not something I believe either. Quite frankly, this is not about me. This is about a brilliant food bank and its volunteers who are making a real difference to people’s lives in Ashfield. When people go to the food bank in a time of need, they receive a food parcel and register for budgeting and cooking lessons. These lessons teach vital life skills of how to cook cheap and healthy meals on a budget. Unfortunately, we live in a time where many people have grown up generation after generation without the role models to pass on these important skills, so this food bank is running a brilliant scheme providing essential education. During Wednesday’s speech, I was asked if it is necessary to have food banks in 21st century Britain. This is exactly my point. The food bank in Ashfield is working to reduce dependency on food banks, so people can budget and provide for themselves, so hopefully people will not need to continue going to food banks. Last year, along with three other MPs and the help of local college ATTFE, we produced a film with the food bank where we made 170 meals for 50 quid. This included a lunch, dinner, breakfast of cereal and milk, in addition to enough milk, sugar and tea for a week. This works out at around 30p a meal. You can watch the film and see for yourself here. Our work was to show that it is possible to make healthy meals at an affordable price with the right skills at your disposal. I make no apologies for trying to help people fend for themselves by helping them learn the skills they need. I also will not take any lectures from those on the Left accusing me of being out of touch. I was brought up in a mining family. My dad worked down the pit seven days a week and took up extra work putting roofs on people’s homes in the evening. We had chickens at the back of my garden and vegetables growing to help supplement my parent’s wages. I also was a single parent to two boys for 17 years. I know what it is like to struggle to put food on the table and make ends meet. It is deeply upsetting that a food bank working hard to help people in a time of need has been disregarded in this way. This is why I have invited the whole Parliamentary Labour Party and media teams to come up to Ashfield to see for themselves the fantastic work the food bank is doing in my home community. So far, not one Labour MP has accepted my invitation. However, I was joined by various media teams on Friday who came up to see just how brilliant this initiative is. I know what it is to struggle, and I make no apologies for supporting a cause that is working to equip people with the skills they need to reduce dependency on food banks. 