Mercedes boss Toto Wolff thinks F1 bosses need to learn a "lesson" and look at the Monaco Grand Prix layout following fan accusations that a lack of overtaking again ruined the spectacle. In what could have been a thrilling finale, Sergio Perez, Carlos Sainz, Max Verstappen, and Charles Leclerc were all within seconds of each other in the closing moments. However, there was little attempt to jostle for position given the narrow make-up of the street circuit, with Perez holding on for his first race win of 2022. And it proved another difficult day for Lewis Hamilton, who could only finish eighth, failing to make any ground from his starting grid position. The race was red flagged after 30 laps following a dramatic crash from Haas driver Mick Schumacher, whose car essentially broke in two after he careered into the wall at the Swimming Pool Chicane. Following a rolling start, the British driver found himself stuck behind Fernando Alonso, and was unable to overtake his old rival. It meant the field bunched up behind the Spaniard, with Esteban Ocon another one to pay the price. He crossed the line ninth, but was demoted to 12th due to an earlier five-second penalty, with Alonso's pace preventing him from pulling clear of the traffic behind him. JUST IN: Michael Schumacher's son Mick gets unwanted paddock nickname - 'He can’t go on like this' “That was the usual chaotic race in Monaco – and once again, a lesson that we need to look at this circuit layout, so people can’t drive round five seconds off the pace in a procession," Wolff was quoted as saying in givemesport. “This is a fantastic venue and spectacle – but it would be great if the racing could be at the same level. With the length of the race, and the delays and interruptions, it felt more like an NFL game than a Grand Prix – but I’m not sure that much else could have been done.” DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle gets sassy with Bridgerton star Simone Ashley's bodyguard at Monaco GPChristian Horner shoves Sky Sports reporter into swimming pool at Monaco Grand PrixFerrari protests thrown out after Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez summoned to stewards The Austrian was at least able to reflect on another promising display from George Russell, who maintained his record of a top five finish in every race this season. Lando Norris, of McLaren, was sixth. Doubts do remain as to whether F1 will return to the iconic circuit next year. The event is yet to secure a contract beyond 2022, despite The Automobile Club de Monaco (ACM) having been in ongoing discussions with authorities for several months.