Manchester City legend Sergio Aguero has decided to give the club's crucial final-day Premier League game against Aston Villa a miss. The Argentine striker was spotted on the grid ahead of Sunday's F1 Spanish Grand Prix at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. Knowing a win will secure their fourth Premier League title in five years, Man City host Villa at the Etihad Stadium at 4pm on Sunday. But there is plenty riding on the game, with Liverpool just one point behind the Citizens before they host Wolves at Anfield. Two hours before the Premier League action kicks off, F1 showcases its sixth race of the 2022 season in Barcelona. And with the GP likely to collide with the football on Sunday's sports schedule, Aguero's presence suggests he's happy to miss his former club's must-win match across the Channel. The 33-year-old resides in Barcelona after leaving Man City for the La Liga giants on a free transfer last summer. However, he was forced to retire midway through his first season at Camp Nou due to a heart condition. JUST IN: Man Utd’s five best players this season ahead of Crystal Palace clash Aguero is a bonafide Man City legend, winning 15 trophies across 10 years in east Manchester. On the final day of his first season in 2012 after joining from Atletico Madrid, he netted one of the most historic goals in Premier League history. Aguero fired past Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Paddy Kenny in the 94th minute to complete a stoppage-time comeback and win Man City their first Premier League title. The goal broke the hearts of Manchester United fans after they had secured three points at Sunderland and believed they were champions once again just moments before. READ MORE: What Man Utd’s senior players have complained about behind the scenes  It was the crowning moment of a momentous career in which he scored 381 goals in 669 games and cemented his legacy as one of the greatest strikers ever to grace European football. Aguero netted 184 Premier League goals for Man City, making him the fourth-highest scorer in the competition's history after Alan Shearer, Wayne Rooney and Andy Cole. While there would've been a widespread surprise to see him potentially missing the club's final game of the season, Man City fans will undoubtedly be happy seeing Aguero enjoying the early stages of his retirement. He certainly would've been thrilled by the chaotic start in the Spanish Grand Prix, during which Kevin Magnusson, Lewis Hamilton, Carlos Sainz and Max Verstappen all encountered issues. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.