Chris O'Donnell portrays Agent G Callen in NCIS Los Angeles who has always struggled with his troubling childhood after the Comescu family murdered his parents. Head of NCIS Linda Hunt (played by Hetty Lange) took Callen under her wing when he was a teen and trained him up to be the agent that he is today. He has found little happiness in his personal life sadly, besides meeting former fellow agent Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. Callen and Anna have had an on-off relationship due to various work stresses for the past decade. Fans have been rooting for them to finally settle down for the past few series and Callen himself is now ready for just that. Earlier this series, Callen asked Anna's dad Arkady (Vyto Ruginis) for his blessing in asking for his daughter's hand in marriage. Unfortunately, he said no which made Callen even more anxious to ask but will he pluck up the courage in season 13 and get down on one knee? READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene In real life, there are no complications when it comes to Callen actor Chris O'Donnell's love life. He has been married to school teacher Caroline Fentress, 49, for the past 25 years. They originally met through her brother Andrew who O'Donnell lived in the same building as in the early 90s. There was an instant spark between them, with the pair even sharing a kiss during her visit, but they went their separate ways shortly after.  O'Donnell told Redbook: “I knew there was something special about her from that moment, but we didn’t see each other again for three years. “One night I was out with Andrew and said, ‘What is that little sister of yours up to? Let’s give her a call'. “So, we [called her], and she was like, ‘Why are you calling me?’ I didn’t really know why, except that I had never forgotten her. “And we started talking…. We dated for three years and got married when I was 26. "I was in the right place earlier than I thought. I would think to myself, ‘Could I imagine not marrying her?’ And there was just no way.” DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [CAST]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [EXPLAINER]NCIS Hawaii theory: Ernie takes down murderous suspect [THEORY] While Fentress works as a teacher, she has dabbled in the world of entertainment. She made her acting debut in 2002 in the TV movie Sunday with a minor role as a woman looking for her son. Fentress did appear alongside her husband in season seven, episode four, of NCIS Los Angeles. On top of their thriving careers, the loved-up duo have five children to look after.   Callen and Fentress welcomed their first-born Lily in 1999, followed by their second, Christopher Eugene the following year. In 2003, Fentress gave birth to Charles and then Finley in 2006. Rounding off their large family was Maeve Frances who the couple had three years later. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 is available to watch every Sunday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.  