The council tax rebate was first announced by the Chancellor Rishi Sunak in his Spring Statement. The measure was introduced as a way of helping millions of households amid the cost of living crisis. Mr Sunak told Parliament the support would be available from April, with official documents reflecting such. While some councils have already issued the rebate to their residents, others have seen no sign of the payment. Some had created their April budget to factor in the £150 rebate which was hoped would ease their finances. But with today marking the start of a new month, some are still waiting for the support to hit their bank account. READ MORE: State pensioners with diabetes could get extra £92 per week Frustrated Britons took to social media to air their grievances and ask for further details. @KathyC1967 said: “Where is my council tax rebate, it was meant to be paid in April, and it hasn’t been, and it’s May! “How long do we need to wait for it???” @Orchid1Swiss asked their local council: “How long do we wait until we get the council tax rebate? DON'T MISSUniversal Credit claimants could top up DWP sum by up to £1,600 [INSIGHT]Britons hit back at potential free prescription age rise [ANALYSIS]Premium Bonds May 2022 draw looms - how to check if you have won [UPDATE] “With the direct debit info that you have, it should be easy enough to credit the rebate onto our accounts. “If we were two pence short, you’d demand payment, so where is the £150 owed to us all?” While @Peter_Eastwood1 remarked: “I am feeling a pinch due to the Tories’ cost of living crisis. “Anyone know where the £150 council tax rebate that was supposed to be paid to us in April has gone?” Have you got yours yet? Let us know in the comments section The Local Government Association has reassured Britons it is currently processing payments. However, delays have been as a result of new software as well as fraud checks which have to take place to ensure people are not cheating the system. Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Michael Gove, recently said: “As we emerge from the pandemic, we understand the pressures facing many families as global inflation levels increase. “The support we have introduced will help millions of people, particularly those on the lowest incomes and the most vulnerable.   Have you received your council tax rebate? Join the conversation in the comments here. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “We continue to stand behind the British people and I urge everyone who is eligible to claim this rebate to do so.” The council tax rebate is to be made available to approximately 20 million households. The households must fall in the council tax bands A to D in order for a person to benefit. An extra £144million is being granted to councils for discretionary support for those who do not qualify, including individuals in council tax bands E to H.