Experts are warning drivers of potential fines and licence points to any driver celebrating wildly or punching the steering wheel in frustration as the Premier League title remains up for grabs. Motorists could be seen as “driving without due care and attention” or “dangerous driving” and be hit with a charge from the police. Millions of supporters will be watching or listening to the games this weekend, many of which may be in the car. If they are found to not be driving in a correct and safe manner, drivers could be hit with a £5,000 fine. This punishment also comes with the possibility of nine penalty points on their licence. Graham Conway, managing director of Select Car Leasing, warned drivers to remain safe to avoid being shown the red card by police. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London He said: “Many fans will be listening to the exciting climax to the Premier League season on Sunday afternoon as they fulfil family duties or make a longer journey. “But if what’s happening at stadiums around the country causes you to get animated while behind the wheel then you're at risk of being distracted from the job at hand – which is keeping your eyes on the road. “And if there is evidence, which could come from either a police officer witnessing your actions or dashcam footage, that you were punching the air with wild abandon or screaming out in anger prior to an accident, you could ultimately be prosecuted for dangerous driving or driving without due care and attention.” If a lack of care behind the wheel leads to a serious injury or fatality, it could be even worse. DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT] The volume of the commentary could also be a cause for concern as, like for music played on a car entertainment system, it’s considered illegal if it's disturbing other people on a regular basis. A police officer can warn an offender to turn down a loud stereo and ignoring the advice could lead to the vehicle being seized as it would be classed as “causing alarm, distress or annoyance to members of the public”. Custom exhausts and noisy engines can also incur the wrath of authorities under the Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986. Being distracted by the radio or music means cops can pull motorists over for careless driving, which typically comes with a £100 fine and three penalty points. It’s the same legislation that guards against people eating, drinking and putting on their makeup while on the road. Mr Conway added: “Any distraction while you’re driving is obviously a bad idea. “Being a responsible motorist means being aware of your surroundings and other road users at all times. “The behaviour of fellow drivers is hard to predict at the best of times, so if you’re fixated on a goal at Anfield or The Etihad instead of watching the tarmac in front of you there is a higher likelihood of things going wrong. “It's also worth remembering that if your radio is too loud you might not be able to hear warning sounds such as emergency services’ sirens, pedestrian crossing alerts and even beeping horns that warn of danger ahead.” As the Premier League season draws to an exciting climax, drivers will have no shortage of storylines to keep up with. At the top of the table, Manchester City are just one point ahead of Liverpool as they look to retain their title and stop the Reds from edging closer to an unprecedented Quadruple. Meanwhile, North London rivals Tottenham and Arsenal are still fighting it out for the final Champions League qualification place. And at the bottom, Burnley and Leeds will be both battling tooth and nail in a bid to avoid occupying the last remaining relegation spot when the final whistle goes.