Daltrey’s rock band, The Who, had to postpone 50 shows in North America after the star was diagnosed with viral meningitis while on the road back in 2015. The 78-year-old has since said he was worried he might “not make it” on The Graham Norton show in 2018. Meningitis is an infection of the protective membranes around the brain and spinal cord. As part of the condition, the membranes start to swell and press against the spinal cord or brain. Daltrey said: “It was weird. I didn’t think I would make it. “It was life-changing. I thought about my life and my family and what I had done and thought, ‘How lucky did it get'”. Bacterial meningitis infections can be fatal. According to the Office of National Statistics, the fatality rate for people with meningitis from meningococcal bacteria was seven percent in 2019 and 2020. However, viral meningitis, which Dalton had, is known to be far less fatal. READ MORE: 'Nothing to do with monkeys!' Four misconceptions about monkeypox as WHO mulls containment “I survived and was given a second chance. I have the album [As Long As I Have You], I’m touring and I have a book out later in the year,” added the star. Despite beating the condition, the star thinks his battle left him with some long-term problems. He recently claimed that the medication he was given made him shrink. “The drugs they gave me for viral meningitis made me shrink,” he told The Times recently. DON'T MISSBacteria found in showerheads can cause pneumonia - are you at risk? [ADVICE]Three vitamin supplements linked to an increased risk of cancer [INSIGHT]Do you squat over the toilet? Doctor issues warning over habit [TIPS] "When I went for my medical for the next tour, I’d shrunk two inches in five years.” Since viral meningitis doesn’t come from bacteria, sufferers will not receive antibiotics. Instead, most cases of viral meningitis are known to improve naturally over several weeks. However, according to the Mayo Clinic, doctors may prescribe steroids to reduce the swelling and an anticonvulsant to control any seizures. It’s not clear what medication Daltrey was on at the time. If it is not treated quickly, meningitis can cause septicaemia which can permanently damage the nervous system, explains the NHS. Children are typically given vaccinations to prevent the onset of meningitis, such as the six-in-one vaccine which includes protection against polio, hepatitis B, whooping cough, tetanus, diphtheria, and Haemophilus influenzae type b. The advice for people who have viral meningitis is to get rested in bed, drink plenty of fluid, and consume over-the-counter painkillers, the Mayo Clinic states. The symptoms of an infection can include the following, according to the NHS. In some cases, bacterial meningitis can have long-term effects, such as hearing loss or vision loss, cognitive problems, epilepsy, coordination problems, and loss of limbs.