Police were called to a road in St Helens, Merseyside, at around 8pm after a backpack filled with cannabis was found in the street. While the officer was collecting the bag, he approached a white Ford Transit van with a number of people inside but the vehicle was then driven at the officer before hitting him and leaving the scene. The officer was rushed to hospital with serious injuries to his shoulder, right arm and right leg, Liverpool Echo reports. A short time after the incident, two men were seen running from a vehicle and into a field. They had reportedly dropped a bag on the way. Officers arrested the men a short time later and found a bag. The men, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent, and taken into custody to be questioned. In a statement, Chief Inspector Jim Wilde, of Merseyside Police, said: "Every single day, Merseyside Police officers fearlessly put themselves in harm’s way to protect the public from harm. Our Emergency and Priority Response officers are called upon to attend incidents that can involve a whole range of criminality including the use of aggression, violence and weapons. "They do so willingly, because they have joined the police service to protect people and keep Merseyside safe. Sadly, this evening our officer’s dedication has come at a great cost to himself. "Thankfully he is now receiving the care and treatment he needs, and everyone at Merseyside Police wishes him well. He will receive our full support as he recovers from this terrible incident."  Chief Inspector Wilde added: "We have made two arrests, spoken to a number of witnesses and are studying CCTV footage from the area following the incident. But I want to appeal to anyone who may have witnessed any part of it, or who has CCTV or dashcam not yet submitted to police, to come forward."Your information or evidence could prove vital as we seek to bring those responsible to justice." You can pass on any information via DM @MerPolCC, ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook quoting with reference 22000339976. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 