Real Madrid may have won La Liga, but Florentino Perez won’t stop there. The new Spanish champions are reportedly keen on re-signing Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, four years after he quit the Bernabeu for Juventus. And Kylian Mbappe, Aurelien Tchouameni and Antonio Rudiger are also being eyed. Real Madrid wrapped up the La Liga title in style on Saturday, beating Espanyol 4-0 to claim the prize. And what’s scary for their rivals is Los Blancos may be even better next term. Reports suggest they’re keen on bringing Ronaldo back, with the Portugal international’s future at Manchester United currently up in the air. Rudiger is poised to leave Chelsea as a free agent and some have claimed the Germany international has already agreed to move to Spain. Mbappe remains their priority, with the Paris Saint-Germain star yet to decide on his future. And Tchouameni could join from Monaco as well. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at how Madrid could line up with the quartet all in their ranks. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It took Thibaut Courtois a little while to get adjusted to life in Spain. But this has been his best season for Real Madrid since arriving from Chelsea back in the summer transfer window of 2018. Only Real Sociedad’s Alex Remiro has kept more clean sheets than Courtois this season. And that means the Belgium international is poised to have an undroppable status for many years to come. Courtois won’t be going anywhere anytime soon and is finally the proper replacement for Keylor Navas they always hoped he would be. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rudiger has been linked with Manchester United as his Chelsea contract winds down. However, he’s poised to move to Real Madrid instead with reports suggesting he’s already agreed a contract. If that happens, as expected, Rudiger would slot in alongside David Alaba at centre-back. Dani Carvajal would stay at right-back. And Ferland Mendy would go on the opposite side of their defence, especially with Marcelo’s time with the club drawing to an end. Real are already well-stocked for midfielders at the club. But, if Tchouameni arrives, it’s possible he’ll go into the team as a defensive-midfielder - especially with Casemiro’s longstanding injury issues. Either side of him in a pivot would then go Luka Modric and Toni Kroos, who continue to age like fine wine. For Casemiro and Eduardo Camavinga, they may then have to settle for a place on the bench. It seems hard to imagine Vinicius Jr being on the bench given the season he’s had. But if Ronaldo and Mbappe arrive, the Brazil international may find himself struggling to get into the side. In order to accommodate the trio, we’ve had to get a little creative. Karim Benzema is undroppable down the middle after scoring 41 goals across all competitions. But Mbappe on the right, and Ronaldo back on the left where he played during his first spell, would strike fear into opposition defences around the world.