Gemma Atkinson, 37, got engaged to Gorka Marquez last year after the pair had dated after meeting on Strictly Come Dancing back in 2017. However, it was not the soap actress’ first engagement, as she has been proposed to twice previously, which has been criticised by some Speaking on Vicky Pattinson’s podcast The Secret To, Gemma reflected on her experience with failed romances. Discussing her engagement to Gorka, she said: “This is my third, third time lucky for me as well, that’s the thing people say, ‘Oh you have been engaged three times’. I can’t help it if people want to marry me. “They want to marry us, it's on them isn’t it,” She added jokingly. Vicky responded: “But Gorka’s the one isn’t he lass?” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle to exit as she's killed by Noah af... Gemma agreed: “He is and without sounding awful, we don’t see each other all day everyday, and it’s been like that from the start. “We came back from Tenerife, he lived in London, I lived in Manchester. I think the longest we have been apart is 16 weeks. “That was during the Strictly lockdown stuff (last year). For me, it went quickly as I had Mia, but he really struggled. “He was lucky in that he had Maisie (Smith) that year and she is lovely and they got on like a house on fire. She is so, so nice.” Back in 2013, the former Hollyoaks beauty revealed she was engaged to her Britain’s Got Talent boyfriend Liam Richards. The actress managed to keep her engagement under wraps, revealing the big moment had happened in 2012. Taking to Twitter at the time, she told her fans: “Ok, to those asking, YES! I am Engaged. I have been since Aug. We celebrated privately last Yr with Fam & friends :)” And treating her fans after keeping them in the dark for so long, she also shared a picture of her large rock. DONT MISS:Sally Nugent reacts as she and Dan Walker are compared to feuding kids (PHOTOS)Madonna, 63, looks ageless in busty pic before cosying up to Maluma (NEWS)Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her (LATEST) After being bombarded with messages of congratulations, the overwhelmed beauty then added: “Thanks for all the lovely messages. Your all too kind :) enjoy the rest of the day. I’m having a lazy one. Food, films, dog, duvet #perfect.”(sic) And she also gushed over the choice of ring to one fan who complimented Liam’s choice, adding: “Thank u! He has got a good eye. With the help of his mum and sis.” (sic) At the time, Gemma was best known for playing Lisa Hunter in Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks, as well as a stint in Casualty, while Liam was one half of martial arts duo Strike who appeared on Britain’s Got Talent in 2008. The actress was also previously engaged to footballer Marcus Bent and has dated Cristiano Ronaldo. Gemma also revealed last year she would like to have another baby soon, so her and fiancé Gorka's daughter, Mia, would have a “little buddy”. The former Hollyoaks star suffered a traumatic birth the first time around, but says it has not put her off wanting to expand her brood with Strictly pro Gorka. Opening up on the difficult birth she experienced with Mia, Gemma shared: “It’s weird. If I fell pregnant in a few years and the doctor said to me, ‘It’s going to be exactly the same thing that happened to you last time’. “I’d think it was fine because I got through it. Because I know having a sibling, a little buddy, is going to benefit Mia, I’d do it all again tomorrow,” she added to The Sun.