Vladimir Putin's nuclear threat has been brilliantly dismantled as the West's response to a nuke was explained. Robert Fox, who is the defence editor of the London Evening Standard, told LBC's Matthew Wright that St Petersburg and Moscow would be wiped out within 90 seconds if the Russian leader actually launched nuclear missiles. This comes as Putin repeatedly uses the threat of nuclear war to warn the West and NATO against intervening in Russia's invasion of Ukraine.  Mr Wright pointed to Russia's arsenal which includes over 2,000 nuclear warheads, adding the surprise success of the Ukraine military has "inflamed" the Russian leader. Mr Fox responded: "Nuclear blackmail is a very, very difficult game and I think the Russian generals know that. "Anyone sensible in Putin's military knows that because there are no winners there. "Were he to use it, god help us. But St Petersburg and Moscow would be wiped out within 90 seconds!" JUST IN: Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths The security expert continued: "It is such a strange game to play. "He has got to say something on the Victory Day on May 9th. "That like Russia was under threat from Nazi Germany in the 1940s, they are under a similar threat now. "The problem is the terrible mistakes and failures of this mighty military machine after 60 days. "It is an enormous military machine. "Russia has spent more on its military than the Brits and French have spent on theirs, but ours are more effective. "Russia's military is rotten at the bottom and corrupt and badly led at the top." US House speaker, Nancy Pelosi, who visited Kyiv today, spoke out against Putin's nuclear threats. DON'T MISS: Russian state TV guest urges Putin to negotiate and avoid retreats [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin horror as Russian TV shows nuclear attack on UK [LIVE BLOG]Macron dealt blow in latest exclusive poll as Britons refuse to forgive [POLL] She said: "Let me just speak for myself. Do not be bullied by bullies. If they're making threats you cannot back down. "We're there for the fight, and you cannot fold to a bully." Earlier this week, Russian state TV released a video simulating a Russian nuclear strike on three capital cities in Europe, declaring there would be "no survivors". Hosts on Channel One's 60 Minutes programme claimed the cities of London, Paris and Berlin could be hit within 200 seconds of nuclear missiles being launched.