Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo appears to be going nowhere anytime soon after pictures leaked of the frontman donning next season's kit. There has been speculation that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner was set to depart in the transfer window. Cristiano Ronaldo might be hanging around at Manchester United after all following leaked pictures that have circulated online showing the 37-year-old wearing next season's kit. With the Red Devils in the midst of a disastrous season, there has been plenty of talk that several players are eyeing the exit door at the club. One of them had been tipped as Ronaldo with United missing out on Champions League football as they look set to finish in either sixth or seventh ahead of their last game of the season. With the Portuguese superstar desperate to lift the European trophy one last time, it seemed likely that a transfer away was on the cards. But it appears that the former Real Madrid and Juventus star is going nowhere and wants to stay at Old Trafford ahead of next season. While the transfer window is yet to open, leaked pictures discovered by the United Stand suggest that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner will remain the main man at the club. Ronaldo has been seen wearing all three of next year's kits, which are still manufactured by Adidas and keep the current Team Viewer shirt sponsors. The home shirt keeps the Adidas stripes on the shoulders while also incorporating a collar. The away kit also has changed to all white with the same stripe pattern on the shoulders and collar while the third kit has drastically changed to yellow and black. Ronaldo remains the club's biggest star while huge changes are expected at the club in the coming months. Several players are out of contract and are now set to leave for free, including Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani. The biggest difference will be who sits in the dugout ahead of the arrival of Erik ten Hag to take over from the interim Ralf Rangnick. Ronaldo has already stated that he is looking forward to meeting the Dutchman, saying: "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach. But we need to give him time. Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."