This morning the Frenchman held a call with his Russian counterpart to discuss the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Mr Macron, who has spoken regularly to the Kremlin since Moscow's barbaric invasion, held talks for more than two hours with Putin. The call was initiated following a request by Mr Macron after he also held a call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Saturday. No10 was forced to today dismiss claims of a breakdown of relations with the Élysée Palace. World leaders are usually quick to speak to allies via phone following an election in order to congratulate them on their success and to discuss shared interests. Mr Macron held calls with Germany's Olaf Scholz and the US's Joe Biden in the days immediately after his victory on April 24 after becoming the first French President to secure re-election in two decades. READ MORE: Macron dealt blow in latest exclusive poll as Britons refuse to forgive But so far no time has been arranged for Mr Johnson to speak with his UK counterpart. "We'll update you in the normal way when they speak," the Prime Minister's official spokesman said today as he shrugged off concerns at the lack of a call. "You will know that they've spoken on a regular basis. "Macron was obviously re-elected, so it's a slightly different situation to having a new world leader, but I'm sure they will speak in due course." The official added: "We maintain a strong relationship with France, and that is evidenced by the joint action we are taking against Vladimir Putin in Ukraine." Months of tensions preceded Mr Macron's election victory. DON'T MISS:Brexit fishing row was ‘French spin’ for Macron’s election [INSIGHT]'France's decline' Le Pen father blasts Macron’s ‘lousy’ re-election [REACTION]Macron under pressure as French economy stalls after record inflation [UPDATE] There were repeated clashes on matters such as Brexit, Channel crossings and a new defence pact with the US and Australia. Mr Macron launched into several tirades against Mr Johnson, even going as far as to describe him as a "clown". Many in London hoped much of the rhetoric coming from Paris was part of the President's re-election strategy. They believed relations would be back on a more even footing following his victory. Mr Johnson posted a congratulatory message on Twitter on the day of Mr Macron's win against Marine Le Pen. He wrote: "Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as President of France. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. "I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world."