Max Verstappen’s dad had his first encounter with Toto Wolff since making brutal comments about the Mercedes chief last year. Jos Verstappen agreed that Wolff was a ‘bad loser’ after Max toppled Lewis Hamilton to win the 2021 Drivers’ World Championship. Verstappen Jnr and Hamilton shared a tense rivalry last year as they battled for the world championship. They crashed on the track on a couple of occasions and clashed in a war-of-words off it. The Dutchman’s father - who enjoyed a successful Formula One career of his own between 1994 and 2003 - has been a staunch supporter of his son. His relationship with Mercedes chiefs came to a head when Verstappen overcame Hamilton to win the world championship. But Jos and Wolff have now shared a friendly encounter. The former was speaking to the media in the paddock at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. According to F1 Insider, Wolff then approached Jos and greeted the Dutchman with a handshake. Verstappen Snr, slightly shocked by the encounter, turned to the assembled media and said: "That was the first contact I've had with Toto since Silverstone 2021." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton Mercedes feud 'went too far' admits Nico Rosberg Silverstone was a key milestone in the rivalry between Verstappen and Hamilton. The pair collided and blamed each other for the incident. The Verstappen family found Hamilton and Mercedes celebrating their victory at Silverstone while the Red Bull star lay in hospital after their high-speed collision 'disrespectful' and was a turning point in the rivalry as things turned sour. It was Verstappen who went on to win the world championship in the end, denying Hamilton a record eighth title. A contentious decision on the final lap of the final race allowed the 24-year-old to pass Hamilton, who had led for almost the entire Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The world champion then signed a new contract with Red Bull in March. He has extended his deal with the team until 2028. DON'T MISS...Max Verstappen branded 'silly' and 'frustrated with Lewis Hamilton'Lewis Hamilton 'at his most dangerous' as Brit's two rivals warnedCharles Leclerc must ‘rein in’ his driving style in title fight Speaking after his son signed the contract, Jos aimed a dig at Wolff, who had protested and appealed the ending to the 2021 world championship. The 50-year-old said he no longer had any relationship with the Austrian - something that might have been disproved in Italy. “Here at Red Bull Racing we are in a good place,” Jos said. “There have been conversations with Toto Wolff and I also thought we had a good relationship with him, but the real Toto has shown himself lately. There is no relationship anymore.” When quizzed on whether Wolff was a ‘bad loser’, he then added: “You could say that, yes. Mercedes was, of course, leading for years. Now they are cornered for the first time and you see another Toto. It’s a shame, but that’s how you get to know people.” However, the pair now seem to have buried the hatchet with Verstappen Jr fighting Charles Leclerc for the title this season while Hamilton and Mercedes' struggles go on. Verstappen can close the gap on his Ferrari rival this weekend when F1 returns with the inaugural Miami Grand Prix.