Queen Elizabeth, 96, reportedly enjoys tea for breakfast as well as 5pm, according to many royal reports. She is also known to love an Earl Grey cup of tea. PG tips is launching a limited-edition range of corgi-inspired packs to mark the 70th anniversary of Her Majesty's reign.  To celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, tea-lovers everywhere can now get their hands on the British classic, but with a special royal twist. The box is decorated with corgis, which are the Queen’s favourite dog breed. She has famously owned corgis all her life – her first corgi was called Susan and she was gifted to the Queen when she was just age 12. The new corgi teabags are available in packs of 240 pyramid tea bags and are available at retailers nationwide for roughly £3.99. READ MORE: Queen's biographer explains job she would have done if wasn't monarch The creators of the limited teabags spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain the decision making process. They said: “As the nation’s favourite tea brand and knowing the Queen loves to enjoy a cup of tea, it only seemed appropriate to mark this momentous occasion in the British calendar with a new-look packaging ‘re-fresh’, in homage to Her Majesty’s achievements. “While our Limited-Edition Jubilee corgi-covered boxes still contain the same great tasting PG tips original pyramid tea bags, we knew there was an opportunity to catch Her Majesty's eye with our new-look re-fresh by featuring her favourite four-legged friends!” Do the Queen or other members of the Royal Family enjoy PG tips? The experts added: “This discovery is still ongoing… but we can only hope one of the family members has spotted our royal make-over!” These new PG tips teabags can be perfectly served with a slice of shortbread, made using a Royal Family recipe. Former Royal chef Darren McGrady previously shared the shortbread recipe he made for the Queen and the Royal Family during the 11 years he worked for them.  Flour - 225gCornstarch - 115gPowdered sugar - 115gUnsalted butter - 225g  Preheat the oven to 180 degrees. Sieve the flour, cornstarch and sugar into a large bowl. Cut the butter into small pieces and rub it into the dry mix until it forms into a ball. Lightly dust the mould with flour and press the paste into the mould. Trim off any excess. Tip the shortbread onto a sheet of parchment paper on a baking sheet and prick the top of the shortbread all over with a fork.  Bake on the centre shelf of the oven for about 20 minutes until golden brown. Remove from the oven and cut the shortbread into wedges, but only going a third of the way through. Sprinkle with granulated sugar and place on a cooling wire to cool completely. Former royal chef Darren McGrady spent 11 years cooking for the Queen working at the likes of Buckingham Palace and Balmoral, before moving to Kensington Palace, where he cooked for Princess Diana, Prince William and Princess Harry for several years. 