With no release date yet set for The Handmaid's Tale season five, fans are wondering what is in store for headstrong June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss) and the rest of the handmaidens. While on a promotional tour for her new Apple TV+ thriller Shining Girls, the star revealed that the new season will be like none of the others and that she was struggling to keep up with its pace. Season four was pretty impactful, as June, along with the help of other scorned women, conducted the murder of her former abuser, Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes), and putting his lifeless body on the wall. After such harrowing scenes, where else can the show go? The 39-year-old said: "I almost can't keep up [with season five]. "And it's not lip service. I truly mean I almost can't keep up with the amount of activity that's happening." Read More: 'Another fake' BGT 'fix' row as fans slam 'professional' singer  Talking to TV Line, the actress remained tight-lipped and only drip fed minimal information. She continued: "I will say that the season itself is possibly one of the wilder rides that we've had." As the show progressed, June's story arc intensified, with season five sure to cover the aftermath of her actions at the end of the show's fourth outing. Elisabeth added: "We've definitely had some seasons [where], you know, a lot happens. Some seasons, not as much happens", and based on her earlier comments, the next instalment of the show is set to be explosive.  In the first season, June's daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) was ripped from her arms and placed in a different home to be raised under their regime and she was separated from her husband. Reuniting with them both has been a driving force for her. With her captor and rapist Fred now killed, will she decide to go and be with her estranged husband and hopefully her daughter one day too? Her final words of the season saw her talking to her husband Luke (O-T Fagbenle) as she stated: "I'm sorry. Just give me five minutes with her [Nichole], and then I'll go." Nichole is June and Nick Blaine's (Max Minghella) daughter. Nick is the hired help for the Commander and his wife. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked from his job [SPOILERS]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST]  June's final comments could risk her potential freedom as she returns to continue the war on the fascist regime of Gilead. One storyline that is sure to cause a scene in the next outing is the Commander's wife Serena Joy Waterford (Yvonne Strahovski), who is unaware of what happened to her husband. Serena is pregnant and in a detention cell, waiting to Zoom with her husband, who she believes is in Geneva to stand trial for his crimes. She is blissfully unaware that his body is hanging on a wall in No Man's Land, and his severed finger and wedding ring are on their way to her in the mail. Season five of the show was renewed even before season four premiered, so fans are right to think that there is a lot to unpack in the new cycle. The Handmaid's Tale showrunner Bruce Miller revealed to EW.com that season five will be "definitely Sophie's Choice" and said: "[Sophie's Choice] in that you're moving on with someone who's made these terrible choices." "It's the American story — can we snap back to normal, or do we have to move on into something new? And that's where June is right now." The Handmaid's Tale is available on Hulu and is available on Channel 4 in the UK . 