The Yorkshire Vet has returned to Channel 5 and the escapist TV series sees Peter Wright working with all creatures great and small. He left Skeldale House surgery in 2021 as parts of the job were no longer "economically viable". The vet has since spoken to Express.co.uk about his new job. The new series of The Yorkshire Vet turns viewers' attention to the new generation of surgeons. As Peter Wright settles into his new role, he has reflected on how far the industry has come. He first joined Skeldale House, under the management of the renowned Alf Wight, more than 40 years ago. After considering retiring from the profession altogether, his wife Lin encouraged him to move on to pastures new. She joked she did not want him "under her feet" and so the decision to start a new adventure was made. READ MORE: Channel 5 set to land next Amanda Owen in new Yorkshire farming show Having moved from Thirsk to Kirkbymoorside, he told Express.co.uk: "I'm within two miles of the moors here and there's a lot of farmers here. "It's bliss as far as I'm concerned. Yorkshire farmers are Yorkshire farmers, they are the salt of the earth and it's a privilege." Having left his old life behind, he said he recently met up with former colleague Julian Norton, which is a rare event in the fast-paced veterinary world. On catching up with Julian, he said: "It's very difficult as vets generally, we don't have a chance to discuss pleasantries. "My wife found it quite hard to understand that and I think other people will. "When I leave the practice it's 7pm, sometimes later, everyone just wants to go home." Despite his busy schedule, Peter said he was happy in his new job as he didn't have to focus on the "business". He explained: "I don't have to worry about looking after the business aspects at Skeldale [any more]. DON'T MISS...The Yorkshire Vet’s Peter Wright almost turned down the show [INSIGHT] Our Great Yorkshire Life's Peter Wright struggles with wife's present [VIDEO] Peter Wright wife: How old is the Yorkshire Vet's wife Lin? [EXPLAINER] "I don't have any of that, I come in and have a lovely time." On how he came to make the decision to stay in work, he said it was all down to his wife. Peter explained: "I was at a crossroads when I left Skeldale, it was no longer economically viable to do farm work. "I thought, should I retire? And I went home to discuss it with Lin. "There was a silence and she said 'Well, I don't want you under my feet.' "Lin is more than happy, but it gives me the chance to do other things." Peter has since become an ambassador for the pet food brand, Harringtons. He also met his "hero", TV chef James Martin, for one of the cooking maestro's upcoming programmes. Peter said James had "wanted to be a vet" previously and it was an honour to sit alongside him and experience traditional Yorkshire food. The vet is also working on a new book, which is being published next year.  The Yorkshire Vet airs on Tuesdays on Channel 5 at 8pm.