The SNP Leader returned from her trip to the United States where she promoted foreign relations with an independent Scottish nation. Nicola Sturgeon remained insistent that the Scottish people be offered a second referendum to vote on the independence of Scotland from the United Kingdom. Journalist Clare Muldoon highlighted a paradox in the First Minister’s pledge for an independent Scotland to join NATO despite also promising the removal of the UK’s nuclear arsenal from within the country.  Speaking to GB News, she said: ”We have got a situation now where the First Minister of Scotland has just come back from America on a state-funded visit and she seems to be extolling the virtues of an independent Scotland. “What she is failing to realise is Scotland is already a member state of NATO under the United Kingdom.” Provided Ms Sturgeon does not achieve Scottish independence, the nation will continue to maintain its position within NATO by virtue of belonging within the UK. The broadcaster added: “I don't get the fact that the Greens are completely against nuclear deterrents.” The Green party, which currently holds seven seats in Scottish Parliament, is vehemently against the positioning of the UK’s nuclear weapons within Scotland and has called for the UK to disarm.    Ms Muldoon said: “She wants to close down Faslane and Coulport which are massive NATO defence mechanisms for the whole of the UK and by extension the whole of the NATO nations.” Faslane is a royal naval base, more formally known as HMNB Clyde, which hosts naval submarines capable of launching Trident nuclear missiles. Coulport is a royal naval armaments depot with the facilities for loading nuclear weaponry on naval submarines, another core aspect of the UK’s Trident programme. Scottish politicians, including those in the SNP, have strictly opposed the positioning of Trident programme facilities within Scotland. Read more: Scheming' Sturgeon shoots herself in foot as independence bid 'failed' Ms Muldoon continued: “She's looking to Sweden and Finland who are going today, together, to present their application to NATO to further experience and further defend themselves, geographically on the border to Russia, against Russia.” “The First Minister of Scotland doesn’t know what she’s doing, I don’t think. “She is now saying let's get this done, an independent Scotland, we want to be part of NATO.” She added: “How can she be a part of NATO when she doesn't want to fulfill the defence mechanism needed to be part of NATO?” Don't miss: Sturgeon's independence and NATO plans destroyed in TWO words' [REPORT]She is incapable!' Sturgeon told indyref2 is 'never going to happen' [ANALYSIS]White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [INSIGHT] Ms Muldoon suggested the SNP would be hoping to mirror the recent actions of Finland and Sweden in their bids to join the international organisation. Both Finland and Sweden also don’t have nuclear weapons and, in a recent revolutionary move, both are now seeking NATO membership. However, unlike Scotland, the foreign leaders have not declared their opposition to nuclear weapons within their territory as NATO is an alliance that is heavily reliant on international nuclear strength. Ms Muldoon highlighted the SNP's promise to deliver an independent Scotland would risk the removal of Scotland’s NATO status, which undermines the promise of NATO allegiance pledged by Ms Sturgeon.   