ITV’s Political Editor said it was “very odd” that Sir Keir Starmer has held back details after he was accused of breaking lockdown rules last year. Mr Peston posted on Twitter: @Keir_Starmer tells @GMB police have not contacted him or the Labour Party to reinvestigate Durham takeaway - and he says last week the police made clear last week they would not reinvestigate.  “He gave quite a lot of detail about what happened that night. “Very odd he didn’t give that detail in earlier interviews, including when he came on #peston show last week.” Sir Keir has denied rule breaking took place after photos showed him having a beer and a takeaway with others last year when coronavirus restrictions were in force.  READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should Starmer apologise for beergate? He said police have not contacted him again after closing an investigation into an alleged breach of lockdown rules. When speaking to Good Morning Britain this morning, the Labour leader was asked if he had been questioned by officers since an initial probe. He said of the police: "I think they put out a statement last week saying they're not reinvestigating and they haven't spoken to me."  DON'T MISS Labour Chancellor squirms over Starmer lockdown ‘rule-breaking' [VIDEO]Starmer squirms as refuses to say if Durham Police back in touch [COMMENT]Keir Starmer POLL: Should Durham Police reopen lockdown beers probe? [POLL] Describing the incident, Mr Starmer said everybody was “hungry” which prompted them to order a takeaway because restaurants and pubs were closed in the area. He said: "We're on the road at the end of the day, we're in the office preparing. Now, that evening, from memory, we were doing an online event for members because we had this get out the vote thing. "At some point, this was in the evening, everybody's hungry and then that takeaway was ordered. It was then delivered into the kitchen of the opposite...  "Restaurants and pubs were closed, so takeaways were really the only way you could eat. "So, this was brought in and at various points people went through the kitchen, got a plate, had some food to eat and got on with their work."  His comments come after the Labour Party U-turned on previous denials and admitted Sir Keir’s deputy Angela Rayner was also present at the gathering. In February, Durham Constabulary said it did not consider Sir Keir’s actions a breach of the rules but the force came under pressure following the recent fines at Downing Street.  Conservative MP for North West Durham, Richard Holden, called for a fresh investigation after claims of evidence of a quiz and social event held by the local Labour Party on the same night. Mr Holden claimed: “We cannot have a situation where it is one rule for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party and another for everybody else."