Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Jamie O’Hara has hit back at those who mocked him earlier in the season for his Antonio Conte claim. Spurs finished fourth and qualified for the Champions League after their 5-0 win at Norwich on the final day of the season. Conte's team finished ahead of their north London rivals Arsenal, who also scored five goals on Sunday as they thrashed Everton 5-1, but Mikel Arteta’s team ended up two points behind Spurs. O’Hara, 35, insisted that Tottenham were back when Conte replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in November and was glad to have been proven right. He told Sky Sports: “People laughed at me, I remember coming on this show and I said ‘Spurs are back with Conte’, and I was a meme for a while, and now I am the one laughing because Spurs are back, we are back in the Champions League and we are back in business. “What a season we have ended up having. To come in when he did, ninth in the table and then to end up fourth, incredible. “It feels like a trophy, even though it’s not and we are going to have a lot of people saying you still haven’t won a trophy but this was massive for Spurs. To get back into the Champions League, what a job Conte has done. “I think the way he has turned it around he has got a belief and a mentality in the group of players all of a sudden, to really feel like they can go and win games, win important games. The performance at the end of the season there, the one against Arsenal was massive, the one against Burnley and then you turn up at Norwich, and a few seasons ago we probably would have struggled at Norwich. “We would have gone there, put in a Spursy performance but not anymore, not with this man. Conte is in charge, we go to Norwich and we wipe them to the floor and that is what he has instilled in this team. A belief, a mentality and I think next season big things are going to happen for Tottenham.” Tottenham defeated Norwich thanks to two goals from Dejan Kulusevski, one from Harry Kane and two from Son Heung-min who will share the golden boot with Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian got a goal in Liverpool’s 3-1 win over Wolves to tie with Son on 23 league goals for the season. "It's incredible to have this award," Son told the BBC after the match. "I can't believe it. I got really emotional. I dreamed of it as a child. Literally it's in my hands. I can't believe it.”