Harry Kane has revealed that he loves working under Antonio Conte - and wants the Italian to stay at Tottenham. The Spurs captain believes their players now really ‘get’ Conte’s ideas, and what he wants from them. The demanding Italian took over at Tottenham in November and has steered the club to the brink of Champions League qualification on the back of impressive wins this last week over Arsenal and Burnley. Since Conte’s first game in charge at Spurs, when he succeeded Nuno Espirito Santo, he has taken more points in the Premier League than any other manager not named Pep Guardiola or Jurgen Klopp. There have been hiccups, but Spurs head into their final game of the season at already relegated Norwich on Sunday having lost only one of their last 10 league games. When Conte took over, his team lay ninth in the table. The ex-Chelsea manager, who signed an 18-month deal when he arrived, has several times hinted that he could walk away this summer if he does not get what he wants from the board - and if they fail to make the Champions League. But the feeling around N17 now is that the 52-year-old, buoyed by the recent improvements, is now set on staying. Kane said: “The manager’s future is his decision. “He has worked really hard while he has been here, he's a great guy, a really passionate man, so whatever his decision is you have to respect it - but I am enjoying it and the boys are enjoying working with him. “I am a big fan of his. We get on really well so it would be great for the club if he stays. But he's his own man, I'm sure he will talk to the club and decide on his future. “There is still a lot of work to do - but the improvement has definitely been there since the boss came in, to where we are now. It shows it can be done in a short space of time. Obviously we will see what happens over the summer and look forward to the next season with a great manager.” Spurs overcame a serious bout of illness due to stomach problems that hit their squad, including goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and striker Dejan Kulusevski, to edge out Burnley on Sunday for their second win in four days, thanks to Kane’s first-half injury-time penalty. Conte’s relentless methods legendarily demand hard work and commitment from his players - and Kane believes that those methods are now really sinking in with the Spurs squad. The Tottenham captain said: “The manager's ideas are really getting into us now. “We are learning every week. We have still got work to do, but when we look at where we were to where we are now we can be proud.”