Youri Tielemans can be Arsenal's next Aaron Ramsey if he completes a move to the Emirates this summer. Tielemans is widely expected to leave Leicester at the end of this season. The Belgium international is set to enter the final year of his contract with the Foxes and they do not want to risk letting him leave for free in just over 12 months' time. Arsenal's interest in the player dates back a couple of transfer windows and it now appears he is a top target for this summer. The Athletic claims Tielemans is the preferred option for Mikel Arteta on his list of midfield targets. Positive talks have been held between Arsenal and the player's representatives. Qualifying for next season's Champions League could be vital though. Victory over Tottenham on Thursday would secure a top-four spot. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  And if Tielemans were to arrive, Arsenal will have themselves a type of player they haven't had since Ramsey left the club. Ramsey is perhaps a more attacking player on the face of it than Tielemans. But Arsenal need more goals from their midfield and Tielemans can definitely provide that. He averages a goal every 6.4 matches for Leicester since initially joining on loan in 2019. Ramsey scored a goal every 5.7 games for Arsenal over a longer period of time. The Welshman played a variety of positions during his decade at the club, including out wide and at No 10, which is perhaps why his record is slightly better. But there is room for improvement in that area of Tielemans' game. Arsenal are likely to sign at least one striker this summer. DON'T MISSTen Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]Arsenal legends' view on Mikel Arteta after Spaniard warned them not to 'spread poison' [QUOTES]Man Utd and Ten Hag set for huge boost as Xavi plans to 'clone' Guardiola tactic [REPORT]  However, they still need more goals from other sources. Bukayo Saka is the club's leading scorer in all competitions with 12 to his name, just ahead of Emile Smith Rowe on 11. But the likes of Martin Odegaard and Alexandre Lacazette (six) and Gabriel Martinelli (five) have not scored enough. Granit Xhaka's stunning strike in the win over Manchester United was his first of the season and Thomas Partey is never going to be prolific. Tielemans is capable of the spectacular from long range and is also a capable set-piece taker. This season hasn't been his best with Leicester and perhaps the speculation off the pitch has disrupted his performances. But with over 100 Premier League appearances behind him, Arteta will know exactly what he's getting. And Arsenal will be filling a hole left by Ramsey's exit three years ago.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here