Lovestruck High transports several unlucky in love candidates to an American high school here in the UK in hopes of finding their soulmate. Along with taking lessons and participating in extracurricular activities, the daters have to fight it out to get the attention of their fellow students. Salon owner Jody has opened up about filming the show and how it far surpassed her expectations. With Mean Girls actress Lindsay Lohan as the narrator, the students receive the full American high school experience as they are watched and mentored by three faculty members. Jody found it hard to describe just how transformative the entire experience was. She said: "I would probably say that it was better than what I imagined." Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at a launch event, she revealed that she was glad to relive her school experience and that the final Homecoming was perfect. Read More: Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? Jody continued: "It was a really good way to end everything that we had been through together and the massive journey we had all been on. "It was probably up there with one of the best nights of my life." Fellow student Dan chimed in: "It was better than anything I had seen in the movies. "Walking in, you were like 's**t'". Factory worker Dan went on to say how much he loved American culture and that it was one of the driving forces for him to enter the show. He added: "I love all films like Legally Blonde, so I thought this is a bit of me this, and I want to find love which I'm rubbish at. "It will be amazing to go back to school and relive those days." Many of the cast applauded the show's creative team for being so inclusive in regards to diversity and bringing on students who are members of the LGBTQ+ community. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]Lovestruck High contestant opens up 'difficult' show rule 'We weren't allowed to do it' [LATEST] At the event, classmate Jess said: "It will be interesting to see how people perceive me. "I feel that traditionally people on reality TV are one stereotype, but I definitely push boundaries of what it is to be a modern-day woman in the way I look and my beliefs. "I don't feel like I can relate to anyone on TV at the moment, so I want to be one of the first people who represent that culture, especially in the LGBTQ+ community." In true reality competition-style, the show throws a few obstacles in the way of love as some new students enrol throughout the season.