The £97m contract to build much-needed inter-island ferries has risen to an eye-watering £250m, with fears the price will rise further. Two ferries are now expected to be completed between March and December 2023.  Taking to Twitter to slam the choices made by the SNP, former party supporter turned strategist Blair McDougall did not hold back in an open and frank condemnation on the social media platform. He wrote: “The entire SNP defence on the corrupted decision making around the ferries fiasco has been that they had to do it that way or the yard would close. “McColl not mincing his words in response.” The claims of corruption were also outlined last week by Scottish Labour. Daniel Johnson MSP challenged Minister for Business, Trade, Tourism and Enterprise Ivan McKee.  Speaking during a topical questions session, Mr Johnson said: “To ask the Scottish Government what its position is on the potential impact on Scottish Government standard due diligence of reports of lost documentation related to the Ferguson Marine ferry contract. “The problem is for transparency. “The documents need to be there and they are not and the law requires it. “This is not an isolated incident neither in the context of the sorry saga of the two ferries, nor and other Scottish Government interventions. “It follows a pattern of an opaque decision making and roughshod process that can be seen elsewhere, such as the environmental indemnities for Liberty Steel - found to have breached state aid laws." READ MORE:Have Your Say: Will Scotland be independent by 2023?  He continued: “The Lochaber smelter where hundreds of millions of pounds of taxpayers' money put at risk through secret guarantee. “The pattern is of due process that is deficient, lacking transparency and deliberately distorted to suit political ends rather than public interest. “So you could call this many things negligent, incompetent, deficient. “When these decisions have all been wilful and deliberate. “The word I would use is corrupt, perhaps not for individual gain, but the corruption of the process for party political gains, contrary to the public interest.” DON'T MISS:Boris rumbled: ‘Nonsense' UK crime figures shames PM [REPORT]'Easy way to prevent burglary!' - Stop thieves in their tracks [REVEAL]Putin nightmare as fire tears through building [INSIGHT]  Mr McKee defended his party stating had the SNP not intervened, jobs would have been lost in the Scottish ship building industry. He said: “A thorough search was taken for those documents and no ministerial response to that submission has been located. “As already indicated, we've outlined an Audit Scotland report we have committed to a formal review following completion of the vessels project. “What is important to recognise and Daniel Johnson and other members in the Chamber fail to recognise is that Fergusons, seven years after those events is still employing, hundreds and hundreds of people and are still contributing to the local economy.”  The backstory of the allegations came from Jim McColl who took over the shipyard in 2014. Speaking to Good Morning Scotland, Mr McColl denied the yard would have shut, as claimed by Ms Sturgeon, without the multimillion-pound contract. He said: “That’s a lie. At the time there were 150 employees, not 400. “I think she was a bit rattled in the interview and she mixed it up with the statement that they made about saving the yard.” When it was suggested to Mr McColl that calling her statement a lie was “very strong words”, he said: “Well, it’s not true”. 