Prince Harry spent ten years in the military and served two tours in Afghanistan. Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof recall Harry's army career, the "real danger" he faced, and how the prince "very almost" got blown up during his second Afghanistan tour. Speaking on the podcast, Ms Vanderhoof said: "The armed forces seemed to be Harry's calling and provided him with just a bit of privacy. "Was he actually in real danger?". Royal expert and Vanity Fair's Royal Correspondent Ms Nicholl answered: "Yes, he actually was. "Particularly on that second tour he did in 2012, he was in real danger". Ms Nicholl added: "I remember speaking to one of his fellow commanders, who told me that there was one absolutely terrifying experience where they were driving through an area of IEDs and very almost went over one. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Quite clear' Harry and Meghan rift with Firm 'definitely not healed' "I mean, that would have been it. Ms Nicholl concluded: "I think he was much closer to action and danger than many people realise". In 2015, after a decade, Harry resigned from the army and took up royal duties full-time. Previously speaking on Apple TV+ series, The Me You Can’t See, Harry described his decade in the army as "the happiest times in my life". “Because I got to wear the same uniform as everybody else. READ MORE: 'Tensions could explode' over Netflix role in Meghan and Harry's return “I had to do all the same training as everybody else. “I started from the bottom up like everybody else.” Last year, Harry gave a heartfelt speech at the annual Salute to Freedom Gala in New York. He said, "My experience in the military made me who I am today, and I will always be grateful for the people I got to serve with - wherever in the world we were.” DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] In 2014, Prince Harry founded the Invictus Games. The games support the recovery and rehabilitation of sick servicemen and women, and raise awareness across the world. Harry and Meghan’s appearance at this year's Invictus Games was the first time the couple are known to have been together on European soil since their royal exit in 2020. Last month, Prince Harry and Meghan, who live in California with their two children, dropped in to Windsor Castle to visit the Queen on the way to the games.