Spending the day at the British seaside is one of the best ways to enjoy a bank holiday. Looking for inspiration? The Queen visited St Mawes many times when arriving on the Royal Yacht Britannia with Princess Margaret and The Queen Mother. The stunning Cornish village is located on the Cornish Riviera and Princess Diana is also said to have visited after her separation from Prince Charles. British tourists can take their pick of several beautiful Cornish beaches in St Mawes with plenty of paddling and swimming opportunities. Visitors can also pay a visit to the well preserved fortress at St Mawes Castle, built for Henry the 8th in 1542. READ MORE: ‘Scare tactic’ Martin Lewis holiday cash machine tip A stone’s throw from The Queen’s Sandringham estate, Holkham Beach is a favourite of the Royal Family. In 2021, the Cambridges released a new video of their family enjoying a seaside day at Holkham in Norfolk. The stunning and unspoilt beach offers four miles of beautiful white sand backed by a stretch of pine forest. It’s the perfect spot for a bank holiday picnic although the sea might be a little cold for a swim. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert spent many happy days at the beach in Osborne on the Isle of Wight. She wrote in her journal in 1846: “We drove down to the seashore and remained there for an hour playing with the children who were so happy.” Nowadays British families can enjoy the favoured royal spot with beautiful views of the Solent. Britons can paddle at the shore and see Queen Victoria’s bathing machine before grabbing an ice-cream at the parlour. One of the UK’s most iconic beach resorts, Blackpool is a great choice for Britons looking for a bank holiday seaside day. The Central Pier at the heart of the Blackpool coastline offers so many amazing activities for children. Britons can enjoy arcade games or take a ride on Blackpool’s world-famous Big Wheel on the pier. Tourists could even pay a visit to Madame Tussauds in Blackpool to see the Royal Family in wax. This stunning wide sandy beach is located just 20 miles from Bluestone and is a gorgeous place for a picnic. The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh visited the beach on their first royal visit to Pembrokeshire in 1955. They reportedly spent a happy day on the sands with a young Prince Charles and Princess Anne. The young family had a picnic on the beach. The rural beach is only accessible by a coastal bath but there are many more gorgeous beaches in Pembrokeshire for tourists looking to enjoy the Bank Holiday.