 From June 30, the Electric Vehicles (Smart Charge Points) Regulations come into force, requiring all home installed EV chargers to be separately metered. The Alliance of British Drivers is warning that the legislation could potentially allow the electricity used for charging electric vehicles to be charged and taxed at a higher rate than domestic electricity.  They claim the legislation also enables the rationing of electricity for EV charging as the Government can decide when and if an EV can be charged. It also allows the EV battery to be drained into the grid if required. This legislation does not apply to public or rapid chargepoints, but the ABD says there is no reason why electricity consumed via these charging stations can’t be taxed. Paul Biggs, a spokesperson for the ABD, explained that different forms of road pricing could be introduced in a way which could disproportionately affect drivers. READ MORE: Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake  He said: “Governments have been very keen on introducing a punitive system of road pricing since 2007 when the ABD played a key campaigning role in helping to defeat the unpopular plans of the Blair Government. “Electric vehicles have provided a new impetus for road pricing, but there are cost-effective alternative ways of taxing EVs for road use including a weight-based VED or VED based on kWh battery size. “This new legislation provides a neat answer to the problem of taxing EVs for road use although the law also has some potentially sinister implications.” The ABD remains opposed to road pricing, which has always been intended to be more about the intrusive and regressive pricing of cars off the roads rather than providing a fair taxation system. DON'T MISSUrgent warning issued to convertible drivers [WARNING]UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [COMMENT]UK drivers hit by 'milestone of misery' as petrol breaks 170p a litre [SHOCKING]  There have been calls to reduce the VAT rate applied on public electric car chargers in recent months. Drivers and industry leaders called on the Government to cut VAT by five percent on electricity for public EV charge points, which would have matched the rates that homeowners benefit from. They were, however, rejected by the Government, saying they had “no plans” to review the current rate of VAT applied to charging EVs. Helen Whately, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, said the lower rate of VAT for domestic use was lower to “keep costs down for families”.  Electricity supplied at EV charging points in public places is subject to the standard rate of VAT which is 20 percent. Applying the reduced rate of VAT to electricity supplied at EV charging points in public places would “come at a cost”, she added. According to new Government statistics, around £123.7million was spent over the lifetime of the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme. More than £42million was spent on the scheme in the last 12 months alone.  Since 2013, 331,882 electric vehicle chargers have been installed on private properties with assistance from this grant and its predecessor, the Domestic Recharge Scheme (DRS). Since last April, there has been an 86 percent increase in device installations, with 121,001 installed in the last 12 months. Joel Teague, CEO of Co Charger, said: “All EVHS grants have now ended, with no more homeowners able to benefit. “With so many demands on public funds, is it not time that we encourage everyone to be more sustainable, and encourage these homeowners to share, so their neighbours can also benefit? “If even 10 percent of these grant-assisted EV chargers were open for use by a few neighbours, the number of available points in the UK would double, increasing the availability and accessibility of charging facilities nationwide.”