The broadcaster has been accused of failing its duty to remain unbiased several times when reporting on Brexit news. Roger Mosey, who previously worked at the BBC from 1980 until 2013, said of the corporation: “I think there is sometimes a lack of understanding of conservative groups, of faith groups, of older people, which you have to make sure – if you really want impartiality – you understand why they think what they do.  “I thought after the Brexit debate that Brexit voters were all portrayed as angry people in fish and chip shops in Clapton. “That wasn’t really the right picture.” Mr Mosey left the BBC in 2013 after accusing it of bias, claiming it was too left-wing and had failed to “give enough space to anti-immigration views or to EU withdrawals.” Most recently, people have accused the BBC of being biased when reporting on the Northern Ireland Protocol that Prime Minister Boris Johnson was hoping to amend.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson and Sue Gray held private meeting The BBC have been reporting on the damage it may cause, warning that the EU could retaliate by introducing trade sanctions if the protocol was amended.John Redwood, a member of parliament, added: “No BBC fact checks or corrections for them!” Yesterday [May 20], the BBC reported on Stanley Johnson – father of PM Boris – becoming a French national to “keep link with EU”. Director-general Tim Davie of the BBC has publicly vowed to do more to ensure the BBC retains the trust of the British public. He accused the corporation of failing to reflect the views of the whole of Britain in the past and said he was on a mission to become more representative.  DON'T MISS: Brexit: US blasts EU and UK for playing into Putin's hands  [INSIGHT]Ireland expert savages Liz Truss 'big lie' on Brexit deal [OPINION]Ukraine: Russian troops 'concealing true death toll' after attack [ANALYSIS] In September 2020, after taking up his position, he said: “It is deliverable and it is essential. “If you work here, nothing should be more exciting than exploring different views, seeking evidence with curiosity and creatively presenting testimony. “Making use of our own experiences but not driven by our personal agendas. “I wonder if some people worry that impartiality could be a little dull.”  The BBC have been approached for comment.