Matty (played by Ash Palmisciano) is the only original Barton sibling still living in the village of Emmerdale, with Holly Barton (Sophie Powles) having died from a drug overdose six years ago and Adam Barton (Adam Thomas) still on the run for taking the wrap for the murder of Emma Barton (Gillian Kearney). This means he has become a huge source of support to his mother, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb), and he has become very protective over her. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, this could lead him to keep tabs on Suzy (Martelle Edinborough) as his trust in her starts to dwindle. The drama continues in the final instalment of next week's episodes as a guilt-ridden Suzy ends up bumping into Moira in the Hide. At the moment, Moira has no idea the newcomer knew her daughter, let alone she helped her get her hands on the drugs which killed her. Since discovering her connection to the Barton family, Suzy has been keeping her distance from the farmer and wants very little to do with her. However, unable to get out of having a drink with Moira, the businesswoman struggles to keep a grip on her emotions as the mother of four speaks about Holly. Suzy will learn a lot more about her former friend but her anxiety and stress about speaking with Moira might not go unnoticed. READ MORE: Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? One of the workers at the Hide is Matty, who is employed as a waiter at the establishment and he could watch the conversation from behind the till. As Moira opens up about her daughter, Matty could realise Suzy knows more than she is letting on about his late sister. Unable to keep a lid on his suspicions, later in the day, he could sit down with his mother about how well she is getting on with Suzy. With his mother having no problem with the newcomer, Matty could explain how she was acting shifty when the pair were talking. Moira could brush this off as she would explain the businesswoman has a lot on her plate with work and doesn't need accusations being thrown her way. Wanting to investigate further, Matty could start following Suzy and ensure the two of them are able to speak alone about Holly. With no one watching and no chance of someone overhearing her secret, the newcomer could explain to Matty how she knew Holly. He could be baffled to learn they did drugs together but he might not be told the whole story of how Suzy played a part in his sister's death. Although he would be angry, he could encourage Suzy to be honest with Moira as she might want to know more about what her daughter got up to. Matty could offer the newcomer an ultimatum and tell her if she doesn't tell his mother then he will confess the truth to her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES] With Suzy backed into a corner, will she finally admit to Moira her connection to their family or will she make a run for it? Explaining her character's past with Holly, the actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, said: "She met Holly prior to coming into the show at an event as they used to do event planning together. "Suzy needed a photographer and Holly was talented, so she took Holly on to do some wedding photography work. "On the party scene, drugs were involved and they took occasional drugs together. One particular evening, Suzy couldn't make it to see her dealer. "She asked Holly if she would go and pick the drugs up for her, gave Holly the money to pick up the drugs, and Holly then went and got her own drugs and then overdosed on these drugs." Martelle continued to explain: "She doesn't want anyone to know that she knew Holly, and she becomes really scared and worried. "Not that her cover has been blown as she's not trying to hide anything, but she doesn't realise the connections and now that she does, she's scared that people are going to blame her for things." Could Matty be the character to blow her secret wide open and how will Moira react if she discovers her connection to the newcomer? Taking to Twitter after discovering the secret, viewers have shared their thoughts on how the storyline could come to a head. Ryan wrote: "Suzy needs to tell Moira the truth about how she knows Holly. Suzy cannot keep ignoring her." "Suzy! When Moira finds out you killed her daughter you won’t stand a chance," Georgia wrote on the social media platform. Foxy Lady commented: "#emmerdale Suzy, s**t's going to hit the fan, I'd hate to be in your shoes when Moira catches you out." Vanity Pending shared: "Wonder if Moira will do a rerun and dump Suzy on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere when she finds out about Her and Holly. #emmerdale." Darrenn posted: "So it turns out after reading that spoiler Suzy’s next connection in the village is Holly Moira’s daughter...could she be the one behind her death? Wasn’t expecting that, but what a good twist...wow some good stuff to come on screen #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.