Samsung might be the most popular telly maker on the planet, but Sky definitely wants to make a dent in its market share. The company has already launched its new Glass TV which offers full access to all of its channels without the need for a dish drilled into the wall. Now, six months after it first arrived in stores, it has launched one the best Sky deals we've ever seen on the custom-designed Glass 4K TV. Anyone who makes the jump to Sky Glass will be handed a £100 prepaid Mastercard to spend on anything they want. This deal is available across all screen sizes (43-inch, 55-inch, and 66-inch) plus you can choose to have your new Sky Glass shipped in numerous fruity colours such as Dusky Pink, Racing Green or Ocean Blue. Sky allows you to mix-and-match the colour of the telly and the protective fascia for the built-in soundbar – creating some unique colour-contrast looks that will look very striking in your living room. It's something we praised in our Sky Glass review when we took an in-depth look at the custom-designed QLED TV earlier this year. Along with the £100 Mastercard debit card, those ordering Sky Glass will also be offered a £50 Stream Puck without paying a penny for it. This mini streaming box can be plugged into any existing TV you have dotted around the home with it then bringing the full Sky experience to the screen. If you weren't already Sky Glass and the Stream Puck both use your internet connection to beam content into your home. Everything you watch is streamed with both live TV and catch up services available as part of this platform. Unlike older set-top boxes from Sky, like Sky Q, there's no hard disk tucked inside with users adding shows they like to a special Playlists section on the home screen. Anything that's been previously aired on channels such as BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Sky Atlantic is then stored via cloud services with Sky promising that almost all content should be available to watch at any time without needing to fill up a hard disk. Other features on Sky Glass include a new remote which features backlit keys and a colour-matched design. There's also a Dolby Atmos-powered soundbar built-in so you don't need to buy any extra audio equipment to get a cinema-style experience. You can also control things via voice search with simple commands finding new shows to watch and even turning on the big screen. Now, you might be wondering how much this is all going to cost you? Sky Glass itself starts from just £13 per month for the smaller 43-inch screen with things rising to £21 for the 65-inch display. Want to know more about Sky Glass? Read our full Sky Glass review. That doesn't include any of Sky's content with a standard Entertainment package costing an extra £26 per month. From then on it's up to you how much more you want to add and how much extra you can afford. Add Sky Sports and things will increase by £25 per month - include Sky Cinema and another £11 will be added to your bill - enable Sky Kids and things go up by another £5 per month. One thing that is worth noting is that Sky Glass is compatible with all the latest streaming services including Disney+, Apple TV+ and Prime Video. Those all cost extra to watch but Sky is throwing in full access to Netflix for free allowing customers to binge on boxsets such as Drive to Survive, Stranger Things and Anatomy of a Scandal SEE THE SKY GLASS DEAL HERE