 The University of West London (UWL) highlighted shortly after Putin's invasion of Ukraine its thoughts were with “those within Russia courageously opposing the conflict”. It added that, "In the fact of such adversity, UWL affirms its commitment to the values and freedoms at are central to our way of life and our institution: community, tolerance, cooperation, freedom of academic enquiry and expression”. But an email sent to an aspiring just a few months later, suggested these values had been cast aside and replaced by the shunning individuals based on their nationality.  Elena Ledneva has considerable experience in the hospitality sector, having worked for the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Sochi 2014, among other international events, and had hoped to start a one-year Masters course in luxury hospitality management shortly after moving to London with her husband and newborn son in May 2021. Despite being new to the country, she was quick to involve herself in her local parents' community, even organising weekly coffee mornings with other mothers. Mrs Ledneva told Express.co.uk that the UWL course, for the application of which she had talked to administrators and visited an open day, would be well suited to her situation because “I always enjoyed working with people”. But the university’s International Team today, on May 24, said her application to study at the institution would not be taken further due to “the recent events and situation in Ukraine”. UWL suggested this was not a one-off decision but a university-wide “policy”, introduced since the launching of Russia’s invasion. It described the policy as “unfortunate”, but the university’s own admissions policy suggests it was more significant than this.  Among its “general principles” is that “the University will admit candidates who have the potential to succeed on their chosen course regardless of background”. Express.co.uk contacted the UWL to ask how blocking a Russian student because of their nationality matched up to its rules for preventing discrimination. It did not provide a comment. Mrs Ledneva said she was “shocked” when she read the email, noting: “It sounds totally unreasonable. I have no influence on the people who decided to start this awful war and I’m not responsible for their actions. “I studied, worked for 33 years so that the actions of president of Russia can now destroy my future goals and career?” The rejected applicant, who highlighted that the course, if pursued, would have been funded by her husband, who is a UK PAYE employee “with a clear track of the money origin” and “proof that they are not somehow related to the Russian Government”, added: “Unfortunately it is still a case in the UK that people are being discriminated because of their nationality. Now it’s about the Russians who live in the UK, who do not support Russian Government and are probably even more horrified with what’s going on than the rest of the civilised world. “Believe me, it is heart breaking to see what your native country is doing in the Ukraine and not be able to change anything.” READ MORE: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’  Georgios Giannakopoulos, a lecturer at the City University of London who drew attention to the university’s response after seeing the email, said he couldn't believe it was true initially. He told Express.co.uk: “I have been hearing stories anecdotally of Russian students having a hard time in London because they are falling victim of this popular hysteria without being the perpetrators of [the war].” Mr Giannakopoulos pointed to stories he had heard of people just speaking Russian receiving “abuse in the street”, but noted that he now understands this to be the “tip of the iceberg”, given the involvement of institutions in anti-Russian discrimination. The lecturer said: “I really didn’t expect to see a university treating someone like this. It is not ok for any university to be discriminating someone on the basis of nationality.” The email, attached to this post, read: “We are writing to inform you that as per University policy in response to the recent events and situation in Ukraine, we will not be in the position to process your application further. “We are very sorry about these very unfortunate circumstances.” UWL did not claim the email was fake after being approached for comment. Express.co.uk has seen a copy of the email. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT]  Commenting on the email, Mr Giannakopoulos added: “This is a dangerous precedent!” It appears to be one that was set very shortly after Vladimir Putin announced the “special military operation” in Ukraine. Numerous sports organisations, musical institutions and even civilian communities in the West have directed frustration over the ongoing war not just at the Russian state but at Russian people, including those who are wholly disconnected from the decisions made in the Kremlin. Wimbledon last month barred Russian and Belarusian players from the tournament in light of the invasion. As early as March 1, a Russian Orthodox Church in Canada was desecrated by a man who jumped its fence, attempted to open a door and, realising it was locked, poured red paint on the builsinu’s door and steps. Priest Dmitry Grygoryev, who, along with a number of his congregants, was born and raised in Ukraine, said this was an act of hate which ignored the fact “we are praying for the peace and unity of Ukrainian and Russian people”. At around the same time, Bloomberg columnist Leonid Bershidskiy highlighted that a Berlin school “to which a lot of bilingual Russian kids go… was vandalised”. He wrote in a post on Twitter that such events were “rapidly getting out of hand”. A school in Cheshire was also force to close after receiving “aggressive” letters in response to the ongoing war, according to CheshireLive. The Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra even dropped music by Tchaikovsky, branding his music "inappropriate at this time”. He died 107 years before Putin was first inaugurated President. The University of Milan likewise banned a course on 19th century author Fyodor Dostoevsky because he was Russian, but later backtracked.  For Mail on Sunday columnist Peter Hitchens, the “hysteria” that has been whipped up in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine is reminiscent of the the “lunacy that led to Dachshunds being kicked in the street in 1914, for being German”. Mrs Ledneva told Express.co.uk this was utterly nonsensical, and that “the key to get the world back to normal is inside all of us. It’s love and empathy to the people around, to our kids, partners, neighbours. Once we have peace inside it will spread outside as well.” She added that it is “hate which after all is the root that causes such awful events”. Express.co.uk approached the Department for Education for comment.