Princess Elizabeth acceded to the throne to become Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on February 6, 1952 and is celebrating 70 years on the throne this year. In honour of the Platinum Jubilee, the Queen has given permission for some unseen footage of her during her younger days to be aired in a BBC documentary called Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen. Clips of the then-Princess Elizabeth were broadcast for the first time during a BBC One trailer on Thursday evening. The footage shows the monarch's life prior to her becoming Queen in 1952. The clips used in the yet-to-air documentary have been taken from the Royal Family’s own collection of home movies. They were filmed by themselves and kept private until now. READ MORE: Meghan's pal Scobie's 'Queen deserves better' rant over Jubilee balcony row One clip, included in the trailer, shows a happy young Elizabeth, joined by her younger sister Princess Margaret, grinning wide at the camera. Another clip shows the then-future Queen smiling as she removes a pair of sunglasses. Dressed in formal attire, another clip shows a young Elizabeth walking along with a corgi. A voiceover, in the trailer, is provided by the Queen herself. READ MORE: Miss Great Britain discovers surprising family connection to Princess Diana In the voiceover, she said: "Winston Churchill, my first prime minister, said that the further backwards you look, the further forward you can see". Queen Elizabeth II has ruled for longer than any other Monarch in British history. Known for her sense of duty and her devotion to a life of service, she has been an important figurehead for the UK and the Commonwealth during her seven-decade reign. On her 21st birthday, in a speech broadcast on the radio from Cape Town, The Queen dedicated her life to the service. She said: "I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service". DON'T MISS Royal expert casts doubt on Harry's plan to use Jubilee to heal rift [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate's security is 'constant worry' [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine destroys £3m Russian tank with £400 rockets in drone blast [VIDEO] The programme promises to reveal The Queen as "she’s never been seen before”. It will be broadcast on BBC One on Sunday, May 29.