Manchester United players trusted Michael Carrick and Kieran McKenna prior to their departures, according to reports. The duo were both key members of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s backroom staff. However, after the Norwegian’s sacking in November, they then opted not to hang around for the Ralf Rangnick era. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. McKenna then departed to Ipswich Town, having also worked with the Red Devils when Jose Mourinho was manager. And Carrick, after overseeing three games in charge as caretaker manager, then left United to pursue a new adventure of his own. Fast-forward to now, and The Athletic say the duo - as well as Mike Phelan - had the ‘trust’ of players during their time at the club. That’s despite noises at the time of Solskjaer’s sacking suggesting players had grown disillusioned with their methods on the training pitch at Carrington. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings However, it is claimed that United squad members felt there was ‘something missing when it came to turning principles into performances’. United never got close to winning the Premier League title, even if they finished second and third during Solskjaer’s two full seasons at the helm. And, now, a new era is set to commence. Erik ten Hag will be the next manager of United, having agreed to leave Ajax in order to take over at Old Trafford. And he’ll be overhauling the club’s backroom staff as he looks to win a first Premier League title since 2013, when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Mitchell van der Gaag, who worked with Ten Hag at Ajax, is primed to move to United. And so too is Steve McClaren. McClaren previously worked with the Red Devils during Sir Alex Ferguson’s spell in the dugout, helping them win the treble in 1999. He’s had managerial stints at the likes of Newcastle, Derby and Queens Park Rangers in recent years. And McClaren is set to help Ten Hag get to grips with English football as they plot a path back to the top. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Some have questioned the decision to bring the 61-year-old back. But Rio Ferdinand, speaking on his YouTube channel, thinks McClaren will be a good appointment for the Red Devils. “I think he is coming in as a coach, a shoulder to lean on, somebody who can give advice at the right times,” he said. |Maybe eyes and ears. “In terms of judging him from his management in previous years gone by, I don’t think it’s irrelevant. “What you do get with Steve McClaren is someone who is a football man, loves that game, is so enthusiastic, meticulous, cares about the details. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Not just from a football point of view but also mentally, and he understands what it takes at Man Utd to win. That’s important.” And Ferdinand added: “I think he will be a good addition. “What’s good for Ten Hag is that they have already got a relationship from before which is pure and he will be able to steer him in the right direction. “I don’t care who you are or where you come from, when you come to Man Utd, especially if you haven’t been at a club like that, of that statute and that size – Ajax are a big club with all due respect but not the size of Man Utd – when you do come into the door here, it takes a bit of getting used to. “To have that little bit of help immediately is a real good decision from him.”