Last weekend, Ukraine were crowned the winners of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022, with the UK coming in at second place with TikTok star Sam Ryder. However, one entry that caught the attention of fans was Norway. Subwoolfer consisted of two main singers who were dressed as wolves, but they kept their identities a secret. This didn't stop fans from trying to guess who was hidden behind the wolf masks. Many came to the conclusion that one of the singers was Ben Adams from the British-Norwegian band A1. In 2009, A1 reformed to represent Norway in the 2010 Eurovision Song Contest, before relaunching their music careers. Ben may have remained silent on social media about whether he was under the mask, but UK entry Sam may have just exposed his identity. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot In a recent interview, the Space Man singer admitted that he bumped into Ben backstage. During his appearance on Magic Radio, host Ronan Keating quizzed the singer about the rumour that the Norwegian entry featured Ben Adams from the 90s boyband A1. “Yeah absolutely was,” confirmed Sam “He is a legend, Ben. "I saw Ben getting a croissant at the buffet tower and I was like, ‘Hang on what are you doing here?'" He continued: "I am so intrigued by the whole story. I did not get a chance to ask him because I did not want to let on to him that I knew who he was. "As I am chatting to this guy in a wolf mask and in my head, I know you’re Ben from A1 but I do not want to tell you I know.” Addressing his loss to Ukraine, the TikTok star admitted: "I did not feel like we missed out. "I think it was the perfect night because we got to be there and stand behind Ukraine and stand in solidarity and for me, that is what Eurovision celebrates." DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details off-screen Vera secret [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [NEWS] He went on to add: "It is that unity and togetherness… I would not trade going and performing another year and potentially having the opportunity to get to the number one spot for what we experienced that night.” Since he arrived back in the UK, Sam has made several TV appearances and discussed what he plans to do next. The singer explained he hopes to release more music and go on tour. He went on to add that he hopes Space Man manages to knock Harry Styles off the top spot. Sam said: "When we do it because I have full faith, it will make history because the last time a UK Eurovision song got the number one spot was 26 years ago.” The social media star spoke with Lorraine Kelly on Tuesday, where he discussed whether he would return to perform at Eurovision. "If there was another year, let's just say for argument's sake, say that there was a possibility of going and living this experience in a different year of winning," Sam told the host. "I'd still rather have experienced this year and have been a part of that sign of solidarity." The Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.