Kevin Spacey, 62, plans to “voluntarily appear” before British courts to defend himself against four separate charges of sexual assault after the actor was charged last week. The star said he was confident he could prove his innocence. In a statement given to Good Morning America, he spoke about the alleged incidents which happened 17 years ago. Through a spokesperson, Spacey told GMA the following: "I very much appreciate the Crown Prosecution Service's statement in which they carefully reminded the media and the public that I am entitled to a fair trial, and innocent until proven otherwise. "While I am disappointed with their decision to move forward, I will voluntarily appear in the U.K. as soon as can be arranged and defend myself against these charges, which I am confident will prove my innocence." The four charges are authorised, and the actor can only be formally charged when arrested in England or Wales, according to The Washington Post. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Two of the alleged incidents took place in March 2005 in London against one man, and a third sexual assault allegedly took place in August 2008 against a second man. The fourth sexual assault is alleged to have taken place in April 2013 in Gloucestershire against the third man, the PA agency said. The decision to authorise charges against the actor came from "evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation," said Rosemary Ainslie, Head of the Crown Prosecution Service Special Crime Division. Rosemary added the agency "reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr. Spacey are active and that he has the right to a fair trial." Unrelated sexual misconduct allegations first surfaced against Kevin in 2017. The full statement read: "The CPS has authorised criminal charges against Kevin Spacey, 62, for four counts of sexual assault against three men. "The CPS has also authorised one charge of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. "The authority to charge follows a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) "The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr Spacey are active and that he has the right to a fair trial," she added. It comes after the case was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service 13 months ago. In 2019, the actor was interviewed under caution by the Met where he addressed a number of allegations between 1996 and 2013 which were said to have taken place in London and Gloucester. He wasn't arrested at the time. Since the allegations came up, Kevin has kept a low profile. He has appeared in only two films since the allegations, including The Billionaires Boys Club and Bilo Jednom u Hrvatskoj, a Croatian documentary about the country’s first president. Kevin has also posted three YouTube videos where he appears in character as Frank Underwood, the fictional U.S president he portrayed in House of Cards.