The Queen historically delegated her monarchical duties to Prince Charles earlier this week for the State Opening of Parliament, and he looked visibly moved by the sight of the Queen's Imperial State Crown, which was perched on a table next to him as he read the Queen's Speech. The Queen has been experiencing mobility issues in recent months, and it was announced that Charles would be accompanied by his elder son Prince William to the opening this week in their roles as Counsellors of State for the Queen.  Prince Charles has taken up the mantle of many of the Queen's public duties in recent months, recently filling in for his mother for the first time at the Royal Maundy church service in April. But the image of Charles sat in the consort's spot of the House of Lords, gazing at the crown, particularly stirred emotions, and it was seen as the Prince fulfilling his most kingly duty yet. The scene provided a glimpse of what lies in store for the monarchy in the future under the reign of King Charles and prompted many to question whether Charles could be called on to carry out more of the monarch's primary duties now the Queen is 96. Commentators have suggested a 'regency' of sorts could be on the cards for Prince Charles as the Queen's loyal heir apparent, but royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams labelled this "press speculation without foundation".  READ MORE: Camilla in awe with adorable 5-year-old during visit ahead of tour He told Express.co.uk: "Charles will increasingly be stepping in when the Queen is unable to undertake engagements. This is a continuation of what has been happening for some years. "However at the State Opening of Parliament, he sat in the consort’s throne. The Imperial State Crown was unworn and symbolically placed to emphasise where power really resided. "Talk of a regency is press speculation without foundation as the Queen is mentally alert and still carrying out certain duties." Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said the State Opening of Parliament marked a key turning point for two future kings.   He told the PA news agency earlier this week: "This is a significant moment for two future kings. "Charles will accelerate his on-the-job training. The heir is teetering on the edge of becoming a de facto prince regent. William will observe what awaits him. "With the Queen progressively withdrawing from public life, the palace is keen to show the monarchy is safe in the hands of father and son." Although the Queen has taken a step back from public appearances in recent months, she has continued to ensure governance in her role as sovereign and has appeared at virtual or smaller-scale audiences from her main base of Windsor Castle.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton aces crossword to delight of baffled student [INSIGHT]Queen broke with tradition to ensure Prince Charles took over speech [ANALYSIS]Prince Charles and Camilla visit Canada House ahead of royal tour [PICTURES] The monarch also delighted royal fans when she appeared in person at Westminster Abbey for a memorial service honouring her late husband Prince Philip in late March. Many are hopeful the monarch will attend some of the national Platinum Jubilee events very soon, including the final performance of 'A Gallop Through History' at the Royal Windsor Horse Show this Sunday. A four-day bank holiday weekend also awaits the nation in June, and the Queen's attendance at these Platinum Jubilee events is expected to be confirmed nearer the time. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "She is suffering from 'episodic mobility problems' and this is likely to restrict the number of events she is able to attend personally in the future. "Charles or another member of the Royal Family will deputise. Hopefully, we will see the Queen at some of the main events of her Jubilee in a fortnight, a truly unique occasion." 