Moscow has continued its attacks on various cities across Ukraine over the weekend, with missiles striking the southern port city of Odesa. Earlier on Monday, the UN’s human rights office estimated over 3,000 civilians in Ukraine had been killed since the war began on February 24. Those fighting against Russian forces, then captured by Putin’s soldiers, could also have a grim fate ahead of them as they could be “paraded” through the Russian capital as propaganda tools, according to a human rights whistleblower website based in Russia. Journalist Hanna Liubakova tweeted: “The Kremlin is considering holding a ‘parade of prisoners of war’. “During the Victory Parade in Moscow, up to 500 Ukrainian soldiers can be brought to demonstrate the ‘strength and superiority of the Russian army,’ according to the sources of Gulagu.net.” Such a move would go against the internationally-recognized Geneva Convention, which safeguards the human rights of prisoners of war. Article 13 of the third Geneva Convention stipulates that “prisoners of war must at all times be protected, particularly against acts of violence or intimidation and against insults and public curiosity”. It adds: “Measures of reprisal against prisoners of war are prohibited.” One Twitter user, referencing this article, wrote: “So Moscow has torn that up, too.” The issue of Article 13 of the Geneva Convention is one that has been prominent throughout the Russian invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Russia handed another blow as Ukraine blows up fast-attacks crafts Last month, video streaming service YouTube removed footage of a British fighter captured in Ukraine after he appeared online in handcuffs. Aiden Aslin, a Ukrainian resident originally from Nottinghamshire, had been serving in the Ukrainian military prior to the Russian invasion. A video posted to YouTube showed Mr Aslin being interviewed by Russian state TV journalist Graham Phillips, in which he told Mr Aslin he was a “mercenary” who could face the death penalty. The footage was denounced in Parliament by former housing secretary, Robert Jenrick, who said Phillips was “in danger of prosecution for war crimes”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as middle ranking officers 'sabotage' [LIVE] Russia handed another blow as Ukraine blows up fast-attacks crafts [REPORT] Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? [VOTE] Mr Jenrick said the video showed Mr Aslin “being interviewed under duress for propaganda purposes”, and claimed that was “a flagrant breach of the Geneva Conventions”. The platform then removed the video after receiving a “valid privacy complaint”. Ukrainian authorities also attracted criticism in the early stages of the invasion for posting images and footage of Russian soldiers to their social media channels. Joanne Mariner, Director of Amnesty International’s Crisis Response Programme, said: “As the conflict continues, it is essential that all parties to the conflict fully respect the rights of prisoners of war.” Aisling Reidy, senior legal adviser at Human Rights Watch, added: “Russian authorities should stop filming Ukrainian POWs and broadcasting their images, even if they are in situations of relative comfort.”