Meghan Markle and Prince Harry decided to step down as senior working royals in 2020. Since their exit from the Royal Family, the couple have embarked on various other ventures, including signing a multi-million pound deal with Netflix to host a string of new projects. Earlier this month, it was announced the streaming service had axed an animated show, titled Pearl, which Meghan was set to work on. In order to ensure no more disheartening blows, the couple are said to be attempting to put together "a long-term" plan. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, host Christine Ross, speaking to her co-host Christina Garibaldi, said: "It is so interesting. "I think they are, kind of, trying to piece together a long game [plan]. "[They are] looking at how they can leverage their experiences for the long term really to benefit all the projects that they're trying to work on." Ms Ross added: "I think, [they are] trying to craft a plan to make sure that everything is promoted as best as it can and, you know, really gets across the message that they want." READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears in surprise appearance to honour 21 killed in Texas school horror In January 2020, the couple announced via their official Instagram account, that they were to step down as senior working royals. Their final engagement as working royals took place in the March of that year. Shortly after their departure, the couple moved to Canada. After a short stay in Canada, the couple finally settled in California, which is where they currently live with their young family. READ MORE: Meghan slammed for 'negligence' as sister warns 'you'll have to live with it for life' Despite the axe of Pearl, it was earlier reported the couple are set to star in their own "fly-on-the-wall" style docuseries. Speaking last week, GB News presenter Patrick Christys said by doing the docuseries, it showed the couple have "swapped the true high caliber class of the Royal Family for plastic novelty fakery". Mr Christys also compared the Sussexes to the high-profile US family, the Kardashians, adding  "only arguably even less talented". DON'T MISS After previous speculation over their attendance, it was revealed earlier this month Harry and Meghan will be attending the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, along with Archie and Lilibet. The news of their attendance was confirmed in a statement. A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."