Sandra Birch, 59, from Wallasey, Merseyside received a huge response on Facebook after her knitted post-box topper depicting the Queen waving from a castle, with a Royal Guard standing watch, reached over 50,000 likes across multiple posts. She was praised for 'yarn bombing' - a name given to the recent trend which combines street art and knitting. But it is not the first post-box topper created by Sandra to have caught the eye of the local community.  Earlier this year, crocheted toppers were appearing all over Wirral and Sandra, who had not come forward at the time, was even considered by some to be the 'Banksy of knitting'. Sandra began with a Remembrance Sunday topper, which she crocheted to encourage people to 'give generously' to the charity, but since then has found it hard to stop the addictive practice, reports The Liverpool Echo. She said: "I did a Remembrance day one, then I did a Christmas one. They're rubbish compared to what I've done this time. Then I did a Valentine's one, and an Easter one, and then I did this one. "It was because of the Jubilee that I did it, because when you get a little addicted to doing the postbox toppers like I have then you start to think what can I do next, what's coming up next. "That's how they originally come about, I've just became addicted to making people smile."  Her choice of medium is an odd one for any creator as postboxes are not the most natural of canvases, but Sandra said that it came about naturally. She continued: "Lockdown started it, because everyone was bored, and when you're crafty you have to make things, and then you're looking at what you can make and then you see someone whose done a postbox topper. It just goes on from there. "Why postboxes? Well, because everyone gets to see them. "On my very very first one, I went out very early in the morning but I was still caught putting it out and the number of people that beeped and stopped made me quite emotional once I was home. "I was thinking, is this the response that you get for doing something nice for the community and making an old shabby postbox with the paint peeling off a little bit more appealing and also you make people smile. "I'm blown away by people's responses to be honest. I thought it was crazy, because you don't always have faith in what you make, do you? It's got to be perfect and I didn't think it was as good as the public think it is. Because you doubt your own work don't you?" Sandra put out the jubilee topper on April 27, a while after the Queen's birthday, with some people questioning the delay in putting it out, or asked why she did not wait for the Jubilee weekend in June, but she had a good reason behind it. "I actually put it out on the 27 April as it was my dear friend's birthday who passed away last year, so I wanted to mark the day. "People kept asking why did you put it out that day and not the Queen's birthday, why not the Jubilee weekend, and it was because it was Tim's birthday, our very good friend."