Rafael Nadal's right knee started bleeding after he took a tumble when trying to return one of Felix Auger-Aliassime's shots early in the second set of their fourth-round clash. The world No 5 dropped his first set of the tournament to the Canadian and fell when changing his footing to chase down a backhand. Nadal rolled onto the clay of Court-Philippe Chatrier when he was wrong-footed by the ninth seed while serving at 1-1 in the second set. The Spaniard had to change direction and ended up tumbling to the ground, managing to get his racquet on the ball but hitting it into the net. A few points later, his right knee could be seen bleeding in an incident similar to Emma Raducanu's US Open championship point, in which the Brit was given a medical time out in line with the rules to patch up the graze and stop it bleeding. The 13-time French Open champion cleaned himself up quickly before the next point and was back to it, not requiring medical attention with the bloodflow stemmed. The fall was just the start of the longest game of the match, which saw the Spaniard forced to save two break points to hold for a 2-1 lead after more than eight minutes. It came after Nadal lost the first set 6-3 in almost an hour - the first set he has dropped all tournament. JUST IN: Raducanu shares 'first steps' on grass court ahead of Wimbledon return  The match was already a tense one for Nadal, as it marks the first time he is playing against his former coach and uncle, Toni Nadal. The 61-year-old started coaching Auger-Aliassime over a year ago but the two men had not met since the partnership started - until now. And the 21-year-old's coach has snubbed both player boxes, opting to sit front and centre in the neutral territory of the presidential box, though he is said to have told retired French pro Mary Pierce that he is rooting for his nephew in the fourth-round clash. DON'T MISSMurray shares Wimbledon dragon look as he learns first grass opponentFrench Open fans slammed for 'disrespectful' booing of Novak DjokovicNaomi Osaka details terrifying experience running from false 'shooter'  If Nadal can come from a set down to defeat his uncle's new charge, things will only get more difficult in the next round as his long-time rival Novak Djokovic awaits the winner in the quarter-final. The world No 1 defeated the 13-time French Open champion in the semi-final almost exactly a year ago - one of Nadal's final matches of the season as he played just two rounds of Washington in August before ending his season to recover from his chronic foot injury.