Prince Harry and Meghan Markle' relationship has been on the world’s radar ever since news of it emerged in 2016; from celebrating the birth of their children to the controversy sparked by choosing to step back as senior members of the Royal family in 2020. But how did the pair meet and where are they at now? Blossoming in July 2016, the couple was set up on a blind date at Soho House through a mutual friend, where things went from “0-60” in the months afterwards. At that stage, Meghan revealed she didn’t know much about Harry - or the rest of the Royal family either for that matter. Meghan told the BBC in her first sit down interview with Prince Harry: “Because I'm from the States, you don't grow up with the same understanding of the Royal family." "I didn't know much about [Harry], so the only thing that I had asked [our mutual friend] when she said that she wanted to set us up, was, 'Well, is he nice?'. 'Cause if he wasn't kind, it just didn't seem like it would make sense." The couple started to get quite serious in only two months due to Royal dating having to be “flipped upside down”. READ MORE: Sussexes warned 'celebrity burden' can't be changed to 'private life'   Prince Harry told James Cordon on the Late Late Show in 2021: “Dating with me, or with any member of the Royal family I guess, is kind of flipped upside down." "All the dates become dinners or watching the TV or chatting at home. And then eventually, once you become a couple you venture out to dinners, to the cinema, and everything else. So, everything was done back to front with us." "There were no distractions, and that was great, that was an amazing thing. We went from 0 to 60 like in the first two months.” Despite no official statement, reports emerged the pair had been dating in October 2016 after being spotted at a Halloween party, to which they were later confirmed by Prince Harry in November that year. However, this announcement was made amongst slamming the press coverage of the relationship, stating Prince Harry was “worried about Ms Markle’s safety”.  In January 2017, it’s believed Prince Harry introduced Meghan to his wider family, including Sister-in-law Kate Middleton and her daughter, Princess Charlotte - whom she “adored”. The couple were increasingly spotted on dates and attending events, including Pippa Middleton’s wedding reception throughout the year, before Meghan officially confessed her love for the Prince in September 2017. Meghan told Vanity Fair in its October issue: “We're a couple. We're in love. “I'm sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. “This is for us. It's part of what makes it so special, that it's just ours. But we're happy." Soon after that interview, it was announced in November 2017 that the couple were engaged following a spontaneous proposal while Meghan was “trying to roast a chicken”.  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry should NOT come back as part-time royals [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment [ANALYSIS]London Jubilee Tube strike chaos: Drivers to SHUT DOWN station [BREAKING]   Meghan said: “It was just — just an amazing surprise, it was so sweet and natural and very romantic. He got on one knee." After making numerous appearances at public engagements in the lead-up, the pair officially tied the knot on May 19, 2018. The wedding took place at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle. However, Meghan later revealed they’d actually said their vows three days before in a private ceremony. Prince Harry and Meghan were given the Royal titles of Duke and Duchess of Sussex following the event. The couple soon announced Meghan was pregnant in October, before welcoming their first son, Archie, on May 6, 2019.  The coronavirus quarantine enabled the pair to spend extra time with their son, meaning they had the chance to witness “his first steps, his first run, his first fall, his first everything”. After having a miscarriage in July 2020, Meghan and Harry later announced they were expecting another child; due in June 2021. Lilibet was born on June 6, in Santa Barbara, California, where the couple had moved after stepping back from Royal duties in March 2020. Buckingham Palace confirmed the shocking news in February 2021 in a statement saying: “While we are all saddened by their decision, the Duke and Duchess remain much-loved members of the family.” The family has remained in California ever since, to step out of the way of British press and “protect the family”. Prince Harry and Meghan will be celebrating their fourth wedding anniversary together on Thursday, May 19. 