Britain's Got Talent, much like a number of other shows across the globe, had been impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. For the first time in the ITV show's history, it couldn't go ahead last year but season 15 kicked off without a hitch last month. With auditions now in full swing, audiences at home are excited to see what the next surprise will be that comes onto the London Palladium stage. Britain's Got Talent will continue its round of auditions tonight, Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on ITV. As with previous episodes, the reality show will have a running time of one hour and 20 minutes. During this time, judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams will be making the tough decisions on who should sail through to the next round and whose journeys should be cut short. In the latest episode, hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly picked their Golden Buzzer act for 2022. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut As life-long fans will be aware, the Golden Buzzer does the complete opposite of those iconic red buttons. Rather than prompting the acts to make their exits, when pressed, the Golden Buzzer sends them straight to the semi-finals with no need to be re-evaluated by the judges. But it isn't only the judges who get to have their say as Geordie duo Ant and Dec also have a Golden Buzzer opportunity which they used on Japanese magician Keiichi Iwasaki. He wowed the crowds with his illusions, including the moment Iwasaki appeared to make Alesha's ring levitate before returning it to her finger. Some fans, however, have taken to Twitter to express their outrage of him going through due to him starring in other versions of the Got Talent franchise. Iwasaki has auditioned for Italy's version in 2016, Spain's in 2019 and Bulgaria's last year. One viewer wrote: "So a former Italy, Bulgaria, and Spain’s got talent act gets the golden buzzer then...hardly an unknown." While another added: ‘"Oh look, another golden buzzer for yet another professional act the producers have paid to perform in the UK." (sic) DON'T MISS...NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [CAST]Simon Cowell weight loss: Britain's Got Talent star's transformation [HEALTH]BGT viewers 'work out' magician ring trick  [REACTION] Amanda gave her Golden Buzzer to The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred who originally sang Never Enough in the movie. Simon sent comedian Axel Blake to the semi-finals after making the judge laugh out loud but it has since been discovered that he already has a special on Amazon Prime Video. Fans have claimed that these acts are a "fix" which Britain's Got Talent has denied. In a statement, a spokesperson said: "All acts audition on the same basis and normal programme rules apply. "These claims unnecessarily encourage negative trolling against our contestants and 'fix' claims are completely untrue." Typically, auditions last for around two months of Britain's Got Talent airing. After this, it is time for the acts to take to the live stage for the semi-finals. In previous years, the semi-finals have aired over consecutive nights with the grand finale at the weekend. As of yet, a start date for the semi-finals hasn't been announced by ITV. Britain's Got Talent continues on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on ITV.