UEFA have announced that Russian clubs will be banned from competing in the Champions League next season as their strong stance on the country's war on Ukraine continues. The governing body banned all club and national teams representing Russia from its competitions in February following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Clubs and national teams were prevented from competing in the likes of the Champions League, Europa League and the women’s European Championship, which takes place in England later this year. St Petersburg has also been stripped of this year’s Champions League final as Russia continues to be ostracised by the sporting world. The ban was effective until “further notice” but there remained confusion over who it would apply to and when. For instance, Russia had qualified for the women’s European Championship and it appeared that a replacement would have to be fairly sourced. Portugal, who were beaten by Russia in a qualification play-off, will now take their place. Further measures have been announced as Russian clubs continue to be marginalised across the world. There will be no clubs from the country in next year’s Champions League, Europa League, Conference League, women’s Champions League or UEFA Youth League. The country’s coefficient ranking, which often decides the number of entrants from a nation in future competitions, will also be affected. Russia will be assigned coefficient points equivalent to the lowest it has received over the last five years. It means that the number of its clubs that can enter future Champions Leagues, Europa Leagues and Conference Leagues could be decreased if lower-ranked nations earn more points. DON'T MISS...Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold lets quadruple mask slipMan Utd boss Rangnick makes consultancy vow ahead of Brentford clashChelsea boss Tuchel 'very concerned' over top four place  Internationally, Russia will not participate in the next edition of the Nations League, while their women’s team will be barred from the European Championship. The women’s team will not participate in any of their upcoming World Cup qualifying matches having already missed two of them due to the suspension - while their results will also be deemed null and void. So too will the results of the men’s U21 team, who are midway through a European Championship qualifying campaign. Group C - which consists of Spain, Slovakia, Malta, Lithuania and Northern Ireland - will continue as five teams. The ban will also apply to Futsal and youth tournaments that are organised by UEFA. Russia’s speculative bid to host Euro 2028 has been considered ineligible, with a joint-United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland proposal expected to win. 