Due to current cost-of-living crisis, pet owners are forced to give up their pets as unable to look after them. GB News journalist Anna Riley visited Thornberry Animal Sanctuary in Sheffield, a charity that has recorded a significant rise in animals being left by owners due to current energy crisis, and said the shelter is now “struggling to care for the influx of pets”. "Every kennel is full” said Thornberry Animal Sanctuary general manager Helen Connolly, who also added “cost of living is certainly up there”. Ms Riley said: “Thornberry Animal Sanctuary in south Yorkshire is struggling to care for the influx of pets that have been handed over to them by their owners due to the rising costs of living. Ms Connolly claimed: “Currently we have every kennel full. “We’ve got dogs in foster homes with our volunteers and staff members. “We’ve got dogs and cats and rabbits that they have taken on foster just so that we can take in everything we can basically. “Cost of living is certainly up there. “We’ve seen people have other commitments that they perhaps didn’t have before. “The veterinary fees I think when people bought dogs through lockdown they’ve not kind of factored in that insurance is really expensive for animals. “And if something does go wrong and a dog needs an operation, then that can quickly escalate into the thousands.” READ MORE: Twelve police cars swoop on funeral wake to arrest three men Ged Jenkins-Omar, fundraising manager at the sanctuary, also added: “The rise in the cost of living had an impact because if you look at our energy bills for example, last months they almost doubled. “So they’re touching nearly 3,000 pounds last month. “So this winter they’re obviously just going to the roof as it is due to increase again. DON'T MISS: UN lays out ‘very harsh and rapid’ Western response to Putin [WATCH]Brexit POLL: Was leaving the EU a mistake? [LISTEN]'No other solution!' EU leader threatens to 'revoke' Brexit [INSIGHT]   “And transportation costs have had an effect on things like animal food, wood pellets. “It’s obviously a struggle. “We’ve had to take new stuff to help with the demand of the animals”.