Ken Hom OBE, 73, is “the man who showed the British how to cook Asian food”. He is a leading authority on Chinese cuisine and is one of the most respected and celebrated TV chefs of all time. As the author of almost 40 books, Ken has inspired millions to cook. So how much is Ken worth? Ken Hom has many streams of income - from cooking appearances to kitchen equipment. According to celebritynetworth.com, Ken Hom has a net worth of £8million ($10million). READ MORE: Iceland announces special discount for over 60’s - how to claim Ken began cooking when he was 11, working in the kitchen of his uncle's Chinese restaurant. He is said to have earnt the equivalent of 30p per day. While completing his degree in History of Art at the University of California-Berkley, he began teaching Italian cooking lessons, and then Chinese cooking lessons to pay for his university fees. The San Francisco Culinary Academy invited him to begin teaching classes at their school. DON'T MISS...Flight attendant's hack to sneak extra luggage on a plane - no cost [VIDEO]Lawn care: How to 'instantly’ repair brown patches - expert guide [EXCLUSIVE]Nutritionist recommends one drink that’s ‘essential for burning fat’ [INTERVIEW] In 1982, the BBC approached him and invited him to create a Chinese cooking show. The show, which was called, Ken Hom's Chinese Cookery, was a huge success, and spawned a bestselling cookbook that is still widely used today. Since then, he has appeared on multiple shows, and hosted various food related specials for channels around the world. Alongside his cookbooks, Ken has his own line of packaged foods and woks - apparently, one in seven British kitchens on a Ken Hom wok. He splits his time between France and Thailand primarily, overseeing restaurants in both places. Ken has been in a relationship for more than 40 years with his partner. Be he has not turned his relationship into marriage. He thinks of marriage as an artificial constraint imposed upon you from the outside when it should come from the heart. Ken does not have any children, but has a stepdaughter. In 2009, Ken was made an honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OOE) for his “services to the culinary arts”. A year later, Ken was diagnosed with prostate cancer and underwent proton radiation therapy in Japan. The cancer was successfully treated, and he is now an ambassador for Prostate Cancer UK, raising awareness about cancer detection and treatment.