Meghan Markle turned 40 last year, but she could pass for half her age. What are her beauty secrets to her flawless skin, which hasn't sagged or developed any wrinkles? As women enter middle age, their skin becomes more saggy and wrinkled. But there are ways to reduce these natural signs of ageing without cosmetic surgery. Before entering the Royal Family, Meghan Markle shared what she does to ensure tight, plump skin every day. Her tip may be the key to her youthful complexion and impeccable bone structure - and it's possible to do it at home, for free. "I do facial exercises from one of my favourite aestheticians, Nichola Joss, who basically has you sculpt your face from the inside out," Meghan told Birchbox in 2014. READ MORE: Kate and William ‘looking to emulate Harry and Meg’ with rebranding? "I swear it works, as silly as you may feel. On the days I do it, my cheekbones and jawline are way more sculpted.” The Nichola Joss facial costs a whopping £350 and is a "fantastic way of honing your facial muscles, and reducing water retention and face puffiness", according to Vera Clinic expert dermatologist Mehmet Göker. But, there are similar facial massages beauty fans can do at home - for nowhere near the Nichola Joss price tag. Mehmet continued: "Although face massage is thought of as a gimmick by some, it can actually have huge benefits on the appearance of your skin and facial structure.  "Facial massage increases blood flow to the face, which stimulates the production of collagen, which in turn gives you a healthy, natural glow and a more visibly youthful complexion. “Furthermore, it can help products such as cream or serums absorb into the skin more easily, increasing their effectiveness.” Nichola Joss herself even recommended massaging the face while putting a cleanser or cream on in the morning. She advised putting a little of the product on your fingers before "starting at the centre of your face - on the bridge of the nose, and sweeping outwards and upwards. And then, from the top of the bridge of the nose, across the eyebrows and down to the temples". As for the jawline, Nichola advised "splitting the fingers" so that one finger is above the jawline and one is underneath it, and "sweeping up to the ears". "That's going to destress all the muscles and also, more importantly, going to stimulate the lymphatic system. "Sometimes at night while you're sleeping, you might wake up a little bit bloated or having a bit of puffiness or retention. "Stimulating the lymphatic system is going to remove all that. "When you work around the eye area, you're going to stimulate the lymphs there, which makes the whites of the eye sparkle, so you look awake and ready for the day." As well as facial exercises, there are other additions to Meghan's skincare routine that contribute to her flawless, glowing skin. "As I'm getting older, my approach to ageing is quite different," she told Best Health in 2015. “I make sure that I take care of my skin and body, especially with the work hours I have.” To do this, Meghan ensures to thoroughly wash her face before bed, getting rid of any make-up, sweat, or dirt that has gathered on the face’s crevices throughout the day. The Duchess mentioned the benefits of “cleansing cloths”, saying: “They’re great to keep in the car and on your nightstand when you have those horribly lazy nights that the thought of getting up to actually wash your face seems unbearable.” Another of Meghan’s anti-ageing tricks is to use a face serum. Speaking to fashion and lifestyle blog The Lady Loves Couture in 2017, she said she uses a product called Quench Hydrating Face Serum by Kate Somerville, available for £68 at Look Fantastic. Meghan has also spoken about taking care of her lips, praising a lip balm named Fresh Sugar Advanced Therapy Treatment, which has sea fennel and orange extracts. The Duchess said: “I have searched high and low and tried every kind of lip balm, but this is the very best. “Soft, kissable, buttery lips. I swear by it.”