Laura Hamilton is a favourite property purchase negotiator on A Place in the Sun, but she also uses her Instagram account to talk about her personal life. The trainee pilot broke the sad news to her 157,000 followers yesterday, while using poignant poetry to describe her special relationship with her late grandmother. "From the stories you shared of memories long ago, to jumping the waves in Florida and holding my hand in the snow..." the 40-year-old began nostalgically in her tribute post. "The role play you entertained me with when I was a little girl, playing shops and hairdressers, a time I remember well. "Nan, I am grateful for the times we shared over the last 40 years. "Now you are in a better place to erase away all those fears." READ NOW: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today The emotional presenter went on to write: "As I stroked your arm and tickled your hand, I cried many a tear as you left for a faraway land." Finally, she concluded: "Now you are at peace Nan. I Love you Laura xxx" The star shared a video and photo montage of the pair together, alongside the soundtrack Angel by Sarah McLachlan. Sadly, her grandmother's death took place soon after the presenter celebrated her 40th birthday. Her memorial post quickly accumulated thousands of likes, including a tribute from her fellow A Place in the Sun presenter Leah Charles King. "Sorry for your loss," she wrote, punctuating her words with a heart emoji. "Nans are very special and when they leave us the pain never really goes away. "Cherish all your happy memories, as I do mine. Hugs xxx" DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST]  Meanwhile, @jtaylor1409 used the app to comfort Laura with words from the Queen. "Sorry for your loss. Lost my grandad a couple of weeks ago, it’s tough," the social media user wrote, before adding: "As The Queen so eloquently put it 'Grief is the price we pay for love.'" @marsh61 chimed in: "Beautiful words Laura... She lives on through you. Always in your heart." In spite of her grief, the presenter is being kept busy with a special new project, which will see her take a break from Channel 4's A Place in the Sun and make an appearance on ITV's This Morning. She recently posted some behind the scenes footage of her filming sessions on the show, fronted by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, but declined to say exactly what the project was, instead opting to leave fans guessing. Laura, whose fans have pointed out looks quite similar to Holly, did share posts of herself striding in front of a farm building and posing in a pen with donkeys. "Just a couple of a****!" she joked in the latter, before adding: "First day filming with This Morning." Instagram user @stevedesson queried whether she could be becoming "the new Holly Willoughby".