The physician from the US state of Missouri, who goes by the Twitter handle Jaferdian MD, has raised the alarm at the terrifying risks an outbreak of monkeypox poses. He has urged people to protect themselves as best as possible and warned about the horror outcome that could come as a result of the same kind of opposition seen to measures to protect against COVID-19. His tweet reads: “So you think masks will help? "Yes, I do. Get some N95s while you can." ”If monkeypox spreads, I think I’m leaving medicine. “I’m not exposing myself to a disease with 10 percent mortality because this country of selfish f*** refuses to mask or get vaccines when they’re available. “Make whatever health choices you want. My choice will be to leave.” It comes after nine Britons were diagnosed with the contagious virus.  Now, health officials have said Britain stocking up on thousands of monkeypox vaccines and treatments to curb the spread – with some experts warning cases could double. Monkeypox can be caught from infected wild animals in parts of west and central Africa. It's thought to be spread by rodents, such as rats, mice and squirrels. You can catch monkeypox from an infected animal if you're bitten or you touch its blood, body fluids, spots, blisters or scabs. It's very uncommon to get monkeypox from a person with the infection because it does not spread easily between people. But it can be spread through touching directly, or indirectly, someone who is infected as well as the coughs or sneezes of a person with the monkeypox rash. READ MORE: Archaeologists spooked by 'disturbing' burial pit in medieval village However, the recent surge in cases across the UK is believed to have spread through sexual contact. The majority of cases are not linked, sparking fears it could be spreading more widely. Monkeypox is a rare viral infection of the same family as smallpox, it has been known to have a mortality of up to 10 percent, but the strain currently in England is thought to be much milder. But the symptoms are not pleasant, including a rash which starts on the face and then spreads to the body. Fever, headaches, swellings, back pain, aching muscles and a general listlessness are also associated with the virus. DON'T MISS Doomsday warning as huge stockpile of sugar found in oceans [REVEAL] The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ [REPORT] Switzerland ready to strike deal with 'key partner' UK after EU snub [INSIGHT] The UK's drug watchdog, the UK Health Security Agency (UKSHA), has said it is monitoring the outbreak and “working with companies to speedily bring forward suitable treatments”. Possible treatments could include antiviral drugs and vaccines targeted towards smallpox which have cross-protection against monkeypox too. The first UK patient to be diagnosed contracted the virus in Nigeria. Monkeypox is mostly seen in remote parts of central and west Africa, close to tropical rainforests. There are two different strains of the virus, west African and central African, meaning that the strain circulating in the UK is likely to be the west African version, although this is yet to be confirmed. The UKSHA has urged anyone fearing they could be infected to see a health professional and make contact with the clinic or surgery ahead of a visit, and have flagged two key signs to look out for. In a recent update, London’s Public Health Director Professor Kevin Fenton said: “We’ve recently diagnosed a number of new cases of monkeypox in England, specifically in the greater London area. “At this point, we’re asking everybody to be aware of the signs and symptoms which include rashes around the mouth, as well as around the genital area. We’re especially asking gay and bisexual men, among whom we’ve been seeing an increasing proportion of cases, to be on the lookout for monkeypox." Europe is also reportedly seeing the largest outbreak of monkeypox cases in its history. Spain and Portugal are the latest countries to announce confirmed and suspected cases.