Manchester United currently have a stronger first-team squad than the likes of Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham in spite of their dire form in the Premier League over the course of this season, according to Dion Dublin. The Red Devils, who will be managed by Erik ten Hag next season, look set to miss out on Champions League qualification and will likely be forced to settle for the Europa League at best after enduring a turbulent campaign under the guidance of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and later Ralf Rangnick over the last nine months. United are widely credited as having the most expensive squad in the whole of the Premier League but have spectacularly failed to live up to expectations with their dire on-pitch performances in recent months. However, Dublin has insisted that Rangnick's side are of a higher quality than most with the exception of Manchester City and Liverpool in spite of their lacklustre form since the beginning of the campaign. "I’ve said it and I’ll continue to say it, Man United’s squad of players is a very good squad of players and should be a top-three finish," Dublin told Sky Sports ahead of United's match against Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday afternoon. "The way that the season has gone for them is horrendous, their performances have been horrendous. I’m going off Man United’s own standards here. I think they’ll be pretty embarrassed with how things have gone. JUST IN: Todd Boehly 'concerned' over Chelsea squad as he attends first match "If they have any pride in themselves, they will do. But I do believe there’s a backbone of a squad there thay could get back to fighting for things, it’s just who can manage the egos and manage the players, that’s all it’s about." United have been tipped to lead a large-scale summer rebuild under the watchful eye of incoming boss Ten Hag when the transfer window re-opens at the end of the season, with the Dutchman eager to work hard to restore the club's former glory over the course of his spell in charge. Graeme Souness went on to add that the vast majority of United's current squad are now playing for their immediate futures at Old Trafford and will need to impress over the coming weeks in order to ensure they will be staying at the club ahead of next season. "You’d like to think you’ll get honesty from the players," explained Souness. "You’ll like to think the players are playing for their futures at that club because there must be question marks over so many of them. "So many have underperformed, we know they’re better, but it’s okay us saying that, but they have to go out and do it. Near enough to a man, [Cristiano] Ronaldo’s chipped in with goals and the goalkeeper maybe, other than that, you’re struggling to find anyone that you would say are anything like a Man United player. "I have to say, Man United, arguably the biggest football club in the world, have got a monumental task from making the jump to where they are now to challenging with City and Liverpool." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here