Tottenham are set to beat Chelsea and Juventus to the signing of Inter Milan star Ivan Perisic, who is out of contract this summer. The Lilywhites will reportedly hand the 33-year-old a two-year contract and pay him £4million a season. Spurs appointed Antonio Conte as their boss last November after parting ways with Nuno Espirito Santo following a poor run of form. And the Italian guided the team to a top-four finish as they secured their place in next season’s Champions League by thrashing Norwich 5-0 last Sunday. Conte met with sporting director Fabio Paratici in Italy on Friday morning where he reportedly confirmed he would stay in north London for the coming campaign. According to the Independent, one of Conte’s conditions to committing to the club for another year was signings, with Perisic one of the players the duo discussed. And that has accelerated the club’s talks with the left winger. Chelsea and Juventus are set to strengthen their offers for the ace, but sources close to the player believe he will now opt to join Tottenham. READ MORE: Liverpool 'hold talks with Harry Kane' as striker set to make decision    Perisic was at Inter when Conte took over as manager in the summer of 2019. But the Croatia international joined Bayern Munich on loan three months after the former Italy boss took charge at the San Siro, racking up eight goals and 10 assists in 35 appearances for the German giants. During his time with Bayern, Perisic won the Bundesliga title and came off the bench to help them beat Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League final. The veteran returned to Italy the following summer and played 42 matches throughout the 2020/21 campaign as Conte led Inter to their first Serie A title in 11 years. And the duo clearly had a good working relationship as Conte has told Spurs that Perisic would be a key signing for the club. DON'T MISS Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Alli before Spurs bonuses kick in Newcastle 'ready to make £30m bid' after Aston Villa snatch Carlos Liverpool warned using family link to sign Bellingham won't work    Perisic, who has been capped 113 times by Croatia, helped his country reach the World Cup final in 2018, where he played the full 90 minutes as they were defeated by France. And his experience could come in handy at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium next season. Conte will reportedly be handed the £150m Tottenham received from majority shareholders Enic Sports INC this week to use for player signings. And the Italian is said to want at least six new faces at the club next season to give his side the best chance of competing in the Premier League and the Champions League.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here