Cristiano Ronaldo missed a farewell meal for some Manchester United employees, according to reports. The Portugal international was a shining light for the Red Devils this season, scoring 24 goals across all competitions. However, while attending the function wasn’t mandatory, Ralf Rangnick was disappointed with his absence. Manchester United endured a torrid campaign under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with the club finishing sixth in the Premier League table. Ronaldo was absent on Sunday as they lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, with Wilfried Zaha scoring the only goal of the game. And the Athletic say the 37-year-old was also missing last week when United personnel attended a meal at Wing’s, a popular chicken shop in Manchester. It’s stated the club laid on the meal for staff and players to say goodbye to ‘long-serving United employees’. Ronaldo wasn’t the only player who didn’t attend, with eight or nine other senior stars choosing to give it a miss. But Rangnick believes their failure to go hinted at a ‘fragmented team spirit’. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He would later suggest as much in his press conference on Friday, insisting a failure to build such close connections was his biggest regret. The good news for the German, now, is that United’s form won’t be his problem. The club will be managed by Erik ten Hag next summer, with the Dutchman choosing to leave Ajax in order to work at Old Trafford. Rangnick will instead become a consultant to United, while he’s also agreed to become manager of the Austria national team. When he first took charge, it’s claimed he pitched how detailed tactical instructions would see confidence soar again. United were stuck in a rut in November, with Solskjaer overseeing a dismal start to the season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But Rangnick apparently didn’t expect the dressing room problems he encountered, with issues arising right from the beginning. Players didn’t take to the likes of Chris Armas and Sascha Lense, who arrived alongside the 63-year-old. And Ten Hag will certainly need to wave his magic wand in order to get this group of United misfits firing again. Rangnick spoke out after United’s 1-0 defeat to Palace on Sunday. And he admitted Brighton ‘did them a favour’ by beating West Ham to ensure the Red Devils will be playing in the Europa League next season. “Yes, I think Brighton did us a favour to turn the game around. they were losing 1-0 at half-time and scored three goals in the second half,” he stated. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We would have loved to take care of ourselves. “In a way, the game was indicative of the last couple of weeks, especially when we played away from home. “We tried, we had big opportunities in the first half to score ourselves, but we didn’t. Especially in the first half, we had too many unforced errors, bad giveaways, and that was exactly the way that we conceded the goal. “In fact, it was our assist. The goalscorer was Zaha but the ones who gave the assist was ourselves. “The way that we defended that shot was also not the way that you have to defend in this league. “We had a few opportunities in the second half, but it was not clinical enough, that’s why, in the end, we conceded another defeat away from home.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Rangnick apparently didn’t expect the dressing room problems he encountered, with issues arising right from the beginning. Players didn’t take to the likes of Chris Armas and Sascha Lense, who arrived alongside the 63-year-old. And Ten Hag will certainly need to wave his magic wand in order to get this group of United misfits firing again. Rangnick spoke out after United’s 1-0 defeat to Palace on Sunday. And he admitted Brighton ‘did them a favour’ by beating West Ham to ensure the Red Devils will be playing in the Europa League next season. “Yes, I think Brighton did us a favour to turn the game around. they were losing 1-0 at half-time and scored three goals in the second half,” he stated. Rangnick is, however, optimistic United can have a brighter future. “We knew [what work lies ahead] before that game,” he added. “We wouldn’t have needed that fixture today to know that, but I’m optimistic, I’m positive. “With the new manager, and Erik [ten Hag] is a top manager, together with our board, with our scouting department we can make sure that we get the necessary reinforcements, the players that help to raise the level of quality again. “And then, hopefully, bring Manchester United back into the top four.”