Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has admitted he "will not take any risks" with regard to playing Mohamed Salah against Wolves in the Reds' final Premier League game of the season on Sunday. The news will come as a boost to the Egyptian's fellow Golden Boot chaser Son Heung-min, who current sits one goal behind the Liverpool forward in the goalscoring charts.  Salah was forced to withdraw from last Saturday's FA Cup final through injury, casting doubts over whether he would feature again in the Premier League this season and sparking fears he could miss next weekend's Champions League final with Real Madrid. Klopp has now issued a positive update for Reds fans by revealing both Salah and the doubtful Virgil van Dijk are "looking good" and may feature at Anfield on Sunday. However, he admitted he will not be taking "any risks". “Looks all good, but what we can do with them for the weekend, I have no idea," the German told reporters on Friday. “I understand 100 percent the goalscoring battle with Son Heung-min but no chance we take any risk. "Mo doesn’t want to take any risk, no doubt about that. But it looks good, the boys look good and they’ve made steps. READ MORE: Bayern Munich may turn attentions to Richarlison if Mane bid fails  "We will see, my preferred solution is they could play at the weekend for rhythm reasons, or could at least be on the bench and can bring them on, or not. But if not, we take it from there so I cannot say 100 percent.” While the news is a blow to Salah's chances of clinching his third Premier League Golden Boot, it will be music to the ears of Tottenham's Son. The South Korean sits just one goal behind the Liverpool forward in the goalscoring stakes, with Salah out in front on 22, heading into the season's final league fixture. While it seems Salah will be used sparingly, if at all, against Wolves, Son will be looking to continue his rich vein of form as Spurs travel to Carrow Road to take on already-relegated Norwich. Should the 29-year-old get himself on the scoresheet against the Canaries and finish the season top of the goalscoring charts, the Spurs striker would claim his maiden Golden Boot award. DON'T MISSLiverpool target Tchouameni refuses to rule out summer moveArsenal and Liverpool target Gakpo speaks out on futureLiverpool's forgotten man proves Neville wrong with title intervention  Both Salah's Liverpool and Son's Tottenham will be desperate to end the season with all three points as there is plenty on the line. The Reds still harbour slim hopes of reclaiming the Premier League crown and will be hoping Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa can cause an upset against Manchester City, while victory over Norwich would secure Spurs' qualification for next season's Champions League after North London rivals Arsenal saw their hopes of a return to Europe's elite club competition all but ended following a damaging defeat to Newcastle on Monday. Fabinho, who recently injured his hamstring against Villa, is also expected to return in time for the Champions League final in Paris on Saturday 28 May. The Reds are looking to add to their trophy haul over the next two weeks having already lifted the League Cup and FA Cup this season. 