Rose, 27, and her dance partner Giovanni Pernice won the "must-see moment" award for their silent dance on the BBC series. They had wanted to show what dancing is like for Rose, who is deaf. In emotional scenes at the Royal Festival Hall on London's Southbank, Rose said they were "so, so proud" of the routine. The EastEnders actress added: "It is a very special moment for us because hopefully it showed how powerful TV can be, where it has actually introduced changes. It has even helped the BSL (British Sign Language) law be passed." The soap star had campaigned for BSL to be recognised as an official language and be given legal status in the UK. In April, a Bill was passed in the House of Lords to make this happen in England, Wales and Scotland. Jodie, 29, emerged victorious in a strong Leading Actress category - beating Kate Winslet and Emily Watson to scoop the gong for her role in Channel 4 show Help, about a young carer struggling to cope in a Covid-hit care home. The actress, who won her first Bafta TV award for her role in Killing Eve, thanked Channel 4 for "believing in the script". She also thanked carers who helped the show with their research and who were "incredibly gracious" with their time. She added: "The biggest reward is that they felt truly represented with the telling of this story."  Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway claimed the first award of the event, for best entertainment programme - marking the fourth time the pair have won in the category. Ant McPartlin, 46, said: "What a great start to the night" before Declan Donnelly added: "We were convinced we weren't going to get it this year, so we came for a bit of a party." The "entertainment daytime programme" award went to The Chase, with Mark Labbett, Jenny Ryan, Paul Sinha and Anne Hegerty all collecting the award Best "entertainment performance" was won by the rapper Big Zuu, 27, who also won best feature for Big Zuu's Big Eats. Best female comedy performance was scooped by Sophie Willan, 34, for "Alma's Not Normal". Her male counterpart Jamie Demetriou won for Stath Lets Flats. Jail drama Time, which starred Stephen Graham, 48, and Sean Bean, 63, was also a big winner, taking best mini-series and the leading actor accolade for Bean. Graham said: "We had a phenomenal cast of young working-class men, who were absolutely outstanding, every single one of them. It was an absolute joy to be a part of. This is why I wanted to be an actor as a kid...it was a powerful production." On a lighter note, Lorraine Kelly - who was presenting the news coverage award - sent a "special hello" to Prime Minister Boris Johnson as she took to the stage. She joked: "Hello and a special hello to Boris. I'm Lorraine. It's lovely to see you," prompting cheers and applause from the audience. Mr Johnson appeared not to know who Lorraine, 62, was during an interview with Good Morning Britain earlier this week. 