Sophie Turner, 26, got her acting debut on Game of Thrones at just 13 but made a lasting impression, carrying on the role of Sansa Stark until the show's end. The actress has revealed in a new interview that she "formed coping mechanisms" to help filming such "heavy" scenes at just 13, but will not be surprised if the "trauma" hits further "down the road". Sophie was a fan favourite on Game of Thrones, even receiving a Primetime Emmy Award and a nomination for the Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2019. The actress spoke in a new interview about how she handled filming such heavy scenes at such a young age. She said: "The subject matter was so heavy that I just developed a coping mechanism of just having the most fun in between takes, so I wouldn't get traumatised. "I'm sure I'll exhibit some symptoms of trauma down the road. At that age, I don't think I could comprehend a lot of the scene matter. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady "And the first few years, I had my mom with me because she was chaperoning me, so she would be very helpful and give me snacks," she added. Sophie continued to play Sansa for the whole eight seasons until the show came to an end in 2019. The actress also revealed in the interview how it took her ten years to find out her own identity due to playing someone "everyone else saw". Sophie revealed that she is now evolving into the person she wanted to be, developing her own tastes as well as deciding herself what parts to take, she told publication The Cut. The actress is married to singer Joe Jonas, having been initially linked in 2016 after they were seen together at a concert in the Netherlands in 2016. The singer was previously romantically involved with figures such as Taylor Swift and Gigi Hadid before he met his now-wife. The pair became engaged after a year of dating in October 2017 and held their wedding ceremony in Las Vegas in May 2019. Joe and Sophie held a second wedding ceremony, which took place in France, later that year. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSTAGRAM] Strictly’s Katya Jones supports Adam Peaty after ‘devastating’ news [HEALTH] Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [COMMENT] Sophie previously described to presenter Jimmy Fallon what her first impressions were of her husband when they met. Making an appearance on The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, she opened up about a moment with the singer that left her in tears after having met for the first time. She said: "The first night I met him, I remember, he left my apartment. And it may have been the alcohol. "I remember him leaving, and I weeped, I wept to my brother 'I love this man so much'. "And I knew, and that was it!" The pair share a daughter named Willa Jonas and are expecting their second child anytime soon. Sophie debuted her large baby bump with her husband at the recent MET Gala. She stunned in a flowing black beaded gown, while Joe coordinated in a bejazzled white and black suit.