A former head of the British Army believes the ferocity of Ukraine's resistance has forced Russia to ditch close combat tactics in favour of artillery strikes from a distance. Lord Dannatt has warned the conflict raging in Ukraine has become a deadly artillery duel with the Kremlin reluctant to send Russian troops in to engage Ukrainian defenders up close amid heavy losses. Lord Dannatt told Sky News: "The Russians have come to the conclusion that if they take the close fight to the Ukrainians the Russians will come off second best and take huge causalities. "They can't afford more casualties, it has already come out in your programme this morning that over the ten years of Afghanistan the Russians lost lots of soldiers but they have lost more than that in the last three months. "So they are resorting to artillery which means that the Ukrainians must do the same. "So Britain, the West most supply indeed are supplying a larger quantity of artillery pieces and ammunition to go with it." He added: "In particular target acquisition radars and drones so that a Ukrainian artilleryman can ping back Russian artillery forces in what we call counter-battery fire. "To reduce the pressure on their own frontline soldiers. "This is very much becoming an artillery battle and that is really why the progress of the Russians in the Donbas has been soo slow." "They are reluctant to close with the enemy but they are much more willing to shell from a distance."  Russia said on Thursday that its artillery struck multiple Ukrainian positions and strongholds overnight, killing over 600 fighters. "The armed forces of the Russian Federation continue the special military operation in Ukraine", the defence ministry said. "Over 600 nationalists and 61 units of weapons and military equipment were destroyed". The defence ministry also said its missiles destroyed aviation equipment at the Kanatovo airfield in Ukraine's central Kirovohrad region and a large ammunition depot in the southern city of Mykolaiv. Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24 in what it called a special operation to degrade its southern neighbour's military capabilities and root out people it called dangerous nationalists. DON'T MISS: Russian soldiers 'raping Ukrainian men and boys' [REPORT] Unhinged Russian media claims Ukraine using 'satanic black magic' [REVEAL] Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [INSIGHT] Ukrainian forces have mounted stiff resistance and the West has imposed sweeping sanctions on Russia in an effort to force it to withdraw its forces. As Western military aid for Ukraine pours into the country, the United States has also provided crucial intelligence that has helped Ukrainian forces kill Russian generals, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Washington has provided Ukraine details on the location of Russia's mobile military headquarters, allowing Ukrainian forces to strike those targets, the newspaper said, citing senior US officials. Ukrainian officials said they have killed about 12 Russian generals on the battlefield, according to the New York Times.