Johnny Depp's ongoing libel court battle against Amber Heard is digging up all of their relationship drama for the world to see. Over the past month, fans have learned about all the events that went on between the couple that eventually led to their divorce. After that, in 2018, Depp was axed from Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean series. Since then, fans have been crying out for the House of Mouse to reinstate the star as Captain Jack Sparrow. And the latest surge of support may have been just what he needed. Some unexpected revelations have come out during the trial with Depp and Heard this month, however. Most importantly, Depp was asked about returning to the series while discussing being axed from the Disney franchise. In the past, Depp has said he would "never" be without Captain Jack Sparrow. Depp said at a press conference last year: "No, I don’t miss [playing Captain Jack Sparrow], because I have it every day, I always carry it with me, I travel with Captain Jack in my suitcase. I belong to Jack Sparrow and he is loyal to me." But during the court case, he revealed he would "never" return to the iconic role. Depp expressed disdain for being removed from the Pirates of the Caribbean films but noted how his likeness remained elsewhere. "[Disney] didn’t remove my character from the rides,” he recalled. “They didn’t stop selling dolls of Captain Jack Sparrow. They didn’t stop selling anything. They just didn’t want there to be something trailing behind me that they’d find." The cross-examiner, Ben Rottenborn, then asked the star: "The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film, correct?" Depp sombrely replied: "That is true." But, despite his reservations about returning, the support for Depp is bigger than ever. READ MORE: Johnny Depp lost out on staggering Pirates of the Caribbean 6 payday The ever-growing petition in favour of bringing Depp back has reached a new milestone. The online petition, which is titled "We want JOHNNY DEPP back as CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW", has continued to build in popularity over the past few months. And at the time of writing the petition now has a staggering 827,274 signatures on change.org. What's more, as the support gets ever closer to the 1 million mark, it is on its way to becoming one of the most-signed petitions on the website. Fans of Depp have been keen to point out exactly why they love and support the American star. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp lost out on staggering Pirates of the Caribbean 6 payday [NEWS]Johnny Depp felt ‘deeply betrayed’ by Disney over Jack Sparrow exit [INFO]Johnny Depp's severed finger caused Pirates of the Caribbean changes [INSIGHT] One fan wrote: "I’m signing this because Johnny Depp is the only person who can and does bring captain jack sparrow to life he is a genius who knows what to do with a character. as Disney knows but even so he’s the only one who can play captain jack sparrow anyone else playing captain jack sparrow would be an outrage." (sic) Emma agreed: "Jack sparrow IS potc [Pirates of the Caribbean]. the entire franchise wouldn't beg the same without his character!" (sic) Another added: "I'm not going to watch the new one with out him he makes the movie what it is if it wasn't for him it wouldn't have made it past the 1st one. Personally I do not like Johnny Depp but he is a great actor especially as captain Jack Sparrow." (sic) One more fan went on: "Only Johnny Depp can be Captain Jack Sparrow. He’s just so natural in this role. Disney needs to rehire him and apologize for letting him go. Innocent until proven guilty!" (sic) Unfortunately, it seems as if Disney are moving ahead with another film without Depp. Margot Robbie confirmed she will be starring in the next Pirates of the Caribbean film. The Harley Quinn actor revealed the movie is in its early stages but is being written by Christina Hodson, who wrote Birds of Prey. No release date has been given for the Pirates of the Caribbean reboot just yet. The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available to watch on Disney Plus now. SOURCE