Brenda Blethyn, who has played DCI Stanhope in the ITV series Vera since 2011, began her career as an actress at the age of 27. The 67-year-old may be famous for her role in the ITV series, but before that she starred in a number of stage productions. She later turned her attention to TV and film and starred in Mike Leigh's Secrets and Lies. The actress, who played Cynthia in the 1996 movie, has opened up in a new interview about a blunder which occurred while filming. She admitted there is not much you can do in those situations but carry on. "He'll [Mike Leigh] always be comfortable if it's organic," Brenda explained as she spoke about improvising scenes. "If it has come from a real place. "He's not interested in you trying to be clever or invent something for the sake of it because he'd be on to that like a shot. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star?  "He's only interested in it being organic," she continued as she recalled one particular moment on set. "I mean sometimes things go wrong. I remember an improvisation with myself and Timothy Spall. "We were sat in Cynthia's flat and I came up on the telly." "It was something else," she laughed. "I came up in a commercial. I mean what can you do in those situations?" Speaking about another scene in Secrets and Lies, the DCI Stanhope star added in a University of Kent interview: "There's a barbecue scene and the improvisations... there were about eight people in the scene. "They all come from different parts of London and they arrive in that place and back then, that's what we did. "We got a taxi and we are in character and the taxi driver didn't know what had hit him. "There was this row happening in the taxi but you stay true to the character and nobody knows that this other daughter is going to turn up, Cynthia didn't even know." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'life can be hard' as he gives series update [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald explains why she didn't leave family home until 45 [VIDEO]  Explaining the reasons behind the secrecy, Brenda said during a panel with the University of Kent: "You absolutely do not discuss anything and the spontaneity is maintained and it was such a shock. "It was riveting and what happened, happened." She went on to admit that the scene took nine hours to shoot, but in the film, it was just 10 minutes long. Brenda has come a long way since her stage and film days, and for the past 10 years, she has played detective Vera Stanhope. Vera, who has never been married, began the series with her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon). Joe decided to leave in 2014 and he was quickly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has remained by her side ever since. The duo are usually out of the office interviewing witnesses and gathering evidence at the murder scene. However, their co-stars Mark Edwards (Riley Jones) and Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) can be found in the office doing the background work. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.