Channel 5 viewers have enjoyed watching former cruise ship singer Jane McDonald take them on tours of beautiful countries for her hit travel series. In an episode of Holidaying with Jane McDonald: Florida, Jane spent a well-needed rest day at Cocoa Beach where she poked fun at her love life as she reflected on her trip.  After a hectic few days of activities, Jane decided to spend a day relaxing at the Sunshine State's famous Cocoa Beach. She said: "Surf is always up at Cocoa Beach but you don't have to be a surfer to enjoy it. "Lots of sun-worshippers come here for the six miles of golden sand and they are in good company as USA Today voted it the best place on Florida's coast." As Jane kicked off her sandals and made her way toward the clear blue ocean she breathed a sigh of relief. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir "I love the sea," she gushed as she found a sun lounger to relax on for the morning. "Look at this, I love a beach day. I love the beach because that beautiful sea breeze is heaven." She continued: "Everybody deserves a down day and I have been really busy over the last few days." Jane then joked: "I have been swimming with manatees, and let's be honest, I have dated worse."  She started to laugh at her own remark and apologised to the camera before adding: "It's true, it's true." Jane revealed she had also been kayaking but admitted she felt like she had "been hit by a bus" the following day due to how tiring it was. "I could not move so I deserve this little rest and I am going to enjoy it," she added. "I could sit and watch people all day, I am a right people watcher, I love it.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald exposes game-changing holiday tip [MUST SEE]Jane McDonald takes on frightening challenge 'Stomach's churning' [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald shares how to find the 'best places' on holiday [TRAVEL] "Add a cup of coffee and my day is complete." After some relaxation on the sandy beach, Jane headed to the area's iconic boardwalk, which stretches 800 feet into the Atlantic Ocean, to quench her thirst. She described the boardwalk as perfect when she found a seat in the sunshine to enjoy a drink. "I love a pier, you get the sunshine and the sea breeze and you can get a drink."  However, Jane struggled to order a drink at first as she was unsure of how to scan a QR code to order from her phone. She ordered a hot English breakfast tea and was a bit disappointed when the waitress gave her an iced tea instead. After a few sips, she realised she liked the taste and ordered some lunch while she continued to soak up the sun. Holidaying with Jane McDonald: Florida is available to watch on My5. 