Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are filming an "at-home docuseries" in their LA mansion for Netflix, according to the New York Post. A Hollywood insider told the US newspaper: "I think it's fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh". Former senior palace aide Dickie Arbiter explained Netflix want "payback" after signing the couple in 2020. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Arbiter said: "It's quite conceivable that snippets in the book might come out in the docuseries." The Daily Mail’s Diary Editor Richard Eden added: "Netflix were very keen for the series to be broadcast this year to tie in with Harry's memoirs. "Harry and Meghan are pushing back, they want it for next year." Royal author Victoria Murphy noted: "That's quite interesting in itself. READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted horseback in the English countryside "You have two commercial deals; one with a publisher and one with a production company. "Presumably there would be a level of competition there about stories and content." Mr Arbiter added: "Netflix has paid out, they want payback now." He went on to brand the docuseries "desperate". He said: "This smacks of desperation because Netflix is haemorrhaging money, it's cut productions, it's got The Crown coming out in November which is a very costly production. "Harry's got his memoir coming out either before or just after and Netflix want to show this docuseries to coincide with it all. "I think it smacks of desperation. "It’s a bit rich, two people who left the UK, walked out of the Royal Family, because they wanted privacy. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [VIDEO] "They’ve done nothing else but put themselves up front and a week doesn't go by when there isn’t some sort of statement coming out of their PR people." "There are alarm bells but they're not ringing as hard as the the Oprah interview." Mr Eden noted: "What we're thinking now is will they be bringing Netflix with them for the Jubilee celebrations."