James Martin was joined by The Yorkshire Vet star Peter Wright on his most recent instalment of James Martin's Saturday Morning on ITV. It appeared that James was just as excited about his guest appearing on the show as Peter was to be sat there, as he was wined and dined. The cooking show host proclaimed that The Yorkshire Vet was his "favourite show" and that he would consider stepping out of the kitchen and onto the farm if he could be a vet.  Veterinarian Peter has appeared on the long-running show since it first premiered in 2015 and, along with other local vets, keeps the Skeldale Veterinary Centre running. The centre is the former practice of legendary vet James Herriot, who is the driving force behind the books and hit Channel 5 All Creatures Great and Small. While appearing on the ITV weekend show, James introduced his guest and said: "I have been so looking forward to chatting to you, I really have." Peter replied: "Well, I have got to say, it is a privilege to be here. Read More: 'I should have complained’ Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation "I don't watch much television, I don't watch many cookery programmes, but I do make an exception with you. "The way you take a little bit of this and a little bit of that and everything just turns out so fantastically well every time." It didn't take James long to reveal why he was just as excited to have the animal star on the show. James added: "I don't know whether you know this. But the reason why I am interested in you coming as well is because I am fascinated with being a vet. "I always wanted to be a vet when I was a young kid. "If I gave up this job tomorrow, I would give it up to be a vet. I think it is one of the most amazing jobs. " The animal specialist also revealed that he wasn't quite sure what he wanted to do as a young boy and the "head of careers" at his school once suggested that he should become a "dentist." Luckily for fans of the Channel 5 show, he went with the other suggestion of being a vet and was attracted by the idea of being in "the countryside" and being "with the animals." DON’T MISS…Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as The Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in nail-biting round [LATEST]Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married?[LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST] In 2021, Peter made the difficult decision to leave Skeldale House surgery as parts of the job were no longer "economically viable". The new series of The Yorkshire Vet turns viewers' attention to the new generation of surgeons. Peter is now settling in at Grace Lane surgery in Kirkbymoorside. Previously speaking to Express.co.uk the star has revealed how much he loves the new location. He said: "I'm within two miles of the moors here, and there's a lot of farmers here. "It's bliss as far as I'm concerned. Yorkshire farmers are Yorkshire farmers, they are the salt of the earth, and it's a privilege." Talking to the Yorkshire Post, he also added: "Leaving Skeldale Veterinary Centre in Thirsk after 40 years, initially working as a veterinary assistant to James Herriot and for the last 20 years as senior partner, I am now working part-time at Grace Lane Veterinary Practice in Kirkbymoorside, a beautiful market town. "My daily routine is very similar, though, and I like the fact that I have retained some of the longstanding clients who have appeared on The Yorkshire Vet over the last seven years and have also been introduced to many new ones. "I think it's obvious to viewers that the warmth, humour and resilience of Yorkshire people, particularly farmers, still shines through." James Martin's Saturday Morning airs Saturday from 9:25am on ITV. 