Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko has hit back at Ferrari principal Mattia Binotto after the Italian claimed that his side were unable to compete with the number of upgrades the Prancing Horse had been making so far this season.  Teams have been allocated a maximum of £110million to utilise throughout the season, although Red Bull's extreme use of changes so far have angered Ferrari. They started the season in superb form, with Charles Leclerc in particular performing well throughout. But recently Carlos Sainz has made a series of crashes, bowing out of two of his last three races. And after comments made by Binotto about the state of Red Bull's usage of the budget, Marko has fired back by making a remark about Sainz's inability to finish races. "I don't think we are in a significantly different position to Ferrari in this respect," Helmut told Motorsport-Total. "Especially as I wonder what effect it has on them that Carlos Sainz has already crashed the car several times.  "It can't be cheap." The reaction will sit badly with Ferrari chief Binotto, who believed that Red Bull had significantly improved since the first race of the season and were 'closing in' on their early lead. “If there is a concern it is how much they are developing, considering the budget cap," Binotto told reporters. "But as well as a concern it is maybe a hope because at some stage they will need to stop, otherwise I will not understand how they will do that. "We do not have the money to develop every race.” The Italian outfit currently sit just six points ahead of Red Bull in the race for the Constructors' championship.  It has been an almighty collapse after leading Red Bull by 44 points following the first race, with Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez both failing to finish the race in Bahrain. It will be a huge difference from last season given Mercedes have won the last eight Constructors' Championships. And with the Silver Arrows already 62 points behind, it could well be a two horse race from here on in. 