The virus, known as "tomato flu" or "tomato fever", has left authorities scrambling as more than 80 cases reported in children in India since May 6. The disease gets its name because of the red blister it causes, with the virus mainly affecting children under the age of five. Similar to the monkeypox virus, infected children are observing symptoms like the appearance of large rashes on the whole body, in the form of round and red blisters which are extremely painful and contagious.  According to local reports, the flu can also cause tiredness, joint pain, stomach cramps, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, coughing, sneezing, runny nose, high fever, and body ache. In some cases, the virus has also reportedly changed the colour of the legs and the hands. This illness also causes dehydration in children, which then leads to the appearance of, irritations near the mouth. According to several virologists, "tomato fever" could be a new variant of the foot-hand-mouth viral infection, which is very common in young children.  Dr Subhash Chandra, assistant professor of Internal Medicine, Amrita Hospital, Kochi told India Today: "It is not a fatal disease, but it is contagious and can spread from person to person, although the actual ways in which the infection spreads are still being studied. "Patients who develop tomato fever should drink plenty of fluids and rest in bed, as it is also advised for other viral fevers, to keep the body hydrated and well-rested. So far, there have been no reported deaths from this virus. However, doctors have so far not discovered a specific treatment for this illness and are currently only tackling the symptoms of the flu. READ MORE: Monkeypox horror as outbreak 'differs by about 40 mutations' Experts are currently figuring out whether the tomato flu is a viral fever or an aftereffect of tropical diseases like chikungunya or dengue fever. While most of the cases have been discovered in the state of Kerala in south India, health officials across the country are now alert and looking at countermeasures to prevent the spread of the virus. Dr P Aruna, the deputy director of health services, Coimbatore, told The Indian Express: “Three teams comprising revenue inspectors, health inspectors and police have been deployed on a shift basis. “They will note down if someone has fever and rashes. DON'T MISS: US takes on UK to launch nuclear fusion rocket for 'next gen' travel [INSIGHT] Energy crisis: UK faced with new hurdle as record wind forced turbines [REPORT] Tech billionaire warns Russian cyberattack could ‘destroy society’ [REVEAL] Dr Aruna believes that the tomato flu is self-limiting, meaning that with proper care, the symptoms will resolve over time. She added: “If someone is infected with this flu, they need to be kept in isolation as this could spread rapidly from one person to another.” Several virologists believe that “tomato fever” is likely a new variant of the viral foot-hand-mouth infection, which is very common in young children. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega. 