Everton manager Frank Lampard has been told where his side can improve in the transfer market if they avoid relegation this season. David James has warned Lampard that the defence in front of Jordan Pickford has not been good enough, and will need to improve if they are in the Premier League next season. Everton have conceded 59 goals this season, with only Newcastle, Southampton, Leeds, Watford and Norwich letting in fewer than the Toffees. Pickford has earned plaudits for his recent performances as Lampard’s side have moved two points clear of the relegation zone, and James was full of praise for the England stopper. Former England goalkeeper James told Sky Sports: “He is England’s number one that’s why he gets criticised, the media has a wonderful way of looking for fault when you are England’s number one I believe, but it is a testament to Everton’s position that if Jordan Pickford pulls out heroics they get the win, if he is unable to do that then they don’t get the win, they tend to lose. “So therefore it suggests that what is in front of him isn’t functioning right and is something that needs to be sorted out. “This is a massive football club, if they go down it will be the first time ever but if they stay up then Frank obviously has to look at what is going on in front of Jordan Pickford but, still the performances gives them a chance.” Everton will be hoping to secure their place in the Premier League next season against Crystal Palace, as they sit two points clear of Burnley and one point ahead of Leeds, with a game in hand on Jesse Marsch’s side. And James believes the recent atmosphere at Goodison Park could help Everton avoid the drop: “I have been at Everton already this season, having seen how influential the fans can be, they are going to need to be there. Like Frank said there are going to be a lot of numbers there, they are going to be supportive, they are going to need that to get over the line. “Granted they have got two games to do this, but if they could do this today [against Crystal Palace], get it done and then the weekend can be a more relaxed affair. The fans have to do their part, which they have tried all season and try to spur the team on to get the ultimate three points.” After they host Crystal Palace, Lampard and Everton will travel to the Emirates Stadium on the final day of the season to face an Arsenal side full of motivation, after their 2-0 defeat to Newcastle on Monday left the Gunners needing results elsewhere to go their way to secure a top-four finish.