Following Conservative MP Richard Holden’s request to Durham Police to reopen a probe into claims that Labour leader Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules, shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves said “there is a world of difference” between the rule-breaking reported in 10 Downing Street and lockdown rule-breaking allegations against Mr Starmer. The Labour Party leader insisted he just stopped to have "some food and a drink” while working all day in an office, and that is the reason why “Durham Police have said there is no case to answer”, Ms Reeves claimed. But BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker questioned her attempts to draw a line between the two events. Mr Walker said: “Keir Starmer is accusing some Tory MPs of misjudging by suggesting that he had broken Covid rule. “Can you this morning explain why it is a break during a work meeting for beers different from a break during a work meeting where the Prime Minister has given a birthday cake? “Because that could be an issue for some people when they make their decisions tomorrow.” Ms Reeves responded: “I think there is a world of difference between the industrial scale of rule breaking we have seen at 10 Downing Street. “I don’t think there is an address in Britain that has had more fines for rule-breaking than the address of the people who are actually supposed to be making the rules. “The Prime Minister and the Chancellor have been fined by the Metropolitan Police. “Whereas Durham Police, where this alleged incident took place, where the rule-breaking apparently took place, have said there is no case to answer. “The police had been very clear that in 10 Downing Street the rule-breaking did happen. “In Durham, Kier Starmer did not break the rules." READ MORE: The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health Ms Reeves continued: “That is a key difference. “But also, Boris Johnson has lied and lied again and covered up the lies and lied to the Parliament about what happened at number 10. “He had to apologise to the Queen for the parties that happened at Downing Street on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral. “And so I think there is a world of difference between the rule-breaking and the fines that the Prime Minister and his office have received compared to what Kier Starmer did which is basically working all day in an office, stopping to have some food and a drink and then carrying on with work. DON'T MISS: GB News: Nigel Farage witnesses migrants throwing phones into Channel [WATCH]Care home resident, 83, sends ‘please help me’ text after attack [LISTEN]Energy bills: Full list of British Gas, EDF and Scottish Power bills [INSIGHT] “There is no case to answer." She concluded: “[Kier Starmer] didn’t break the rules and the Tory mudslinging is to try and distract from the rule-breaking at number 10 but also from the cost of living prices that we have just been talking about”. In the wake of the allegations and local elections approaching, yesterday at BBC Radio 4, Labour leader Kier Starmer claimed: “We were working, we stopped for food but no rules were broken”. In line with what Ms Reeves told BBC Breakfast, Mr Starmer also added: “With local elections on the horizon, Conservative MPs have decided to chuck mud”.