Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family in early 2020. Two years after their departure. claims Meghan played a pivotal role in spurring their exit, termed as Megxit by the press, have been dismissed. Royal biographer Tina Brown claimed palace aides always knew Harry wanted out of the royal fold and that they "always thought" the Duke would leave. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia, Ms Brown discussed Megxit and how palace aides foresaw Prince Harry leaving. Ms Brown said: "One of the things that surprised me was that one of his close people at the palace said to me, you know, we always thought that Harry would leave, at some point, we always thought Harry would leave because he was so unhappy in the constraints of the system". The royal expert added: "In Meghan, he met somebody who was dynamic enough and, sort of, self-directed enough to say we need this anymore, we can be happier than we are now. "We don't need to do it". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment - Netflix 'evaluates' deal Host Liam Bartlett asked Tina if Harry "drove Megxit more than Meghan did". She replied: "I think they were co-drivers, I think they were co-pilots on this. "I think that Meghan has been, somewhat, unfairly targeted as the one who, sort of, took him away from his family. "I actually think that Harry wanted out". READ MORE: 'We all want a cuddle!' Sophie Wessex sparks frenzy as she embraces children during visit Last year, The Duke of Sussex got candid on the Dax Shepard's Armchair Expert podcast about the royal fold. In the podcast episode, he revealed that he wanted to quit the royal life when he was in his early 20s. "I was thinking, I don't want this job, I don't want to be here. I don't want to be doing this. Look what it did to my mom", Harry told the hosts. Harry added: "How am I ever going to settle down and have a wife and family when I know it's going to happen again? I've seen behind the curtain, I've seen the business model and seen how this whole thing works and I don't want to be part of this". DON'T MISS Last month, Harry sat down for an interview with NBC Today. Speaking of his royal days, Harry told Hoda Kotb, "I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped". The 37-year-old added: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that".