Lorraine Kelly was joined by LA correspondent Ross King to discuss the latest news from America on Wednesday’s edition of her ITV show. The presenter discussed the heartbreaking news that Thomas Markle has been left unable to speak after suffering a stroke before suggesting it was time Meghan Markle and her father reunited. Ross explained: “We hear it’s a major stroke and at the minute he’s lost the power of speech too. “This happened earlier on in the week on Monday he was in Mexico which is where he lives. “It was his daughter Samantha who was on the phone with him who realised his speech was fading. “She managed to get some of the locals to get him to a hospital in Tijuana and from there came to a hospital in Southern California.” Read more: Lorraine Kelly hits out at Biden after Texas school shooting The presenter continued: “Samantha and Thomas Jr are going to be with him. “No word yet from Meghan and of course there was talk he was coming over to London for the first time for the Jubilee. “He was going to do some TV and also from his point of view was hoping he would see his grandchildren Archie and Lilibet. She said: “It’s really sad I think he was incredibly naive, he was exploited before the wedding it has to be said. “I think maybe it’s time to mend some of those bridges. “You don’t ever know what goes on in families and it’s very easy on the outside to judge. “But it just seems very sad if he’s so sick I’m sure she’d want to see him and send him her love.” Elsewhere on Lorraine, the Scottish presenter commented on President Biden’s national address following yesterday’s US primary school shooting. DON'T MISSEmmerdale's Ethan Anderson star opens up on project away from soap  [INSIGHT]Lorraine blasts Vardy and Rooney court case 'Get over yourselves' [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly issues apology over Corrie star marriage mistake [INTERVIEW] Two teachers and 19 pupils were killed by an 18-year-old gunman. She began: “Truly appalling and shocking news from the US overnight. Here we are again, another mass shooting and it doesn’t seem to ever end. “He’s the President of the United States, he has to try to do something, of course, he has.” Lorraine continued: “Maybe if we change the language? Instead of calling it gun control, which seems to put the hackles up, we call it gun safety? I don’t know what we can do, but you know for sure that we’re going to be talking about this again and that is what is so enraging - that this will happen again. “And thoughts and prayers, I’m sorry that’s just not going to cut it. It just isn’t, they’ve got to do something. Definitely.” Speaking about the Dunblane shooting in 1996, she added: “Things did change because the families made it change. They had to lobby very hard and obviously, people in the country wanted to help as well and signed the petition, and changed the law, which is a remarkable achievement for families who were grieving. But in America, they don’t seem to have the same sort of support. “Surely any rational person would want to change this, to protect our children and our teachers. It doesn’t make any sense at all.” Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.