The Spanish Government has confirmed that unvaccinated Britons can now travel to Spain for holidays. This will be welcome news for many British families. Spanish tourism minister, Reyes Maroto, said the “new phase of the pandemic” meant that Spain could relax its rules. Maroto said: “This is excellent news, much awaited by the tourism sector. Spain is becoming one of the most desired destinations in the world.” British tourists must now provide a vaccination certificate, a negative test certificate or proof of recent recovery to travel to Spain. Spain accepts the UK’s vaccination record in both digital and paper forms. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free PCR tests must be carried out within 72 hours of travel to Spain while an antigen test must be taken within 24 hours. Proof of recovery certificates are valid up to 180 days after the date of the positive test result. Children under the age of 12 do not need to submit a certificate or proof of vaccination to travel to Spain. Julia Lo-Bue Said, of Advantage Travel Partnership, said: “This is very good news just ahead of the May half-term break.” She added that it was disappointing that Spain hadn’t removed pre-travel tests altogether for unvaccinated Britons. ABTA said it was great news as Spain is the UK’s most popular holiday destination for British tourists. Many Britons choose to travel to the popular resort areas of Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol for holidays. The stunning Balearic islands and Canary islands are also top destinations for British holidaymakers. Spain is one of the last EU countries to relax a ban on unvaccinated tourists travelling for holidays. The UK ditched all its travel restrictions including testing and passenger locator forms on March 18. The Spanish Government has previously said any rule relaxation would be based on the science. Britons no longer need to wear a mask indoors in Spain except in certain circumstances. To count as fully vaccinated, Britons will need to have had a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. ABTA said: “This summer is expected to be the busiest holiday season since the start of the pandemic, with 70 percent of families saying they have a holiday booked abroad this year.” According to easyJet, around 30 percent of Britons intend to holiday in Spain this year making it one of the most popular spots. Britons are advised to check Covid restrictions before travelling as rules can change rapidly.