The Queen's Speech is delivered by the monarch in the Lords Chamber of Parliament, and it outlines the Government's key policies and proposed legislation. But with the Queen's recent health issues well-documented, many may wonder if the Queen will be attending the state opening of Parliament next week or whether Prince Charles could fill in for her. The Queen's attendance at the state opening of Parliament on May 10 remains uncertain given she has cancelled several public appearances in recent months. The Queen reportedly plans to attend the event but this will likely be confirmed on the day, the Daily Mail reported. Buckingham Palace has already announced this week that several of the Queen's upcoming appearances this summer will also not go ahead. READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace   Garden parties will be staged from next week for the first time in three years after the Covid pandemic derailed royal events. People who have served the nation or have contributed to their local communities are invited to the monarch's residence for the celebrations, but this year attendees will not meet the Queen. Buckingham Palace said this week: "Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other members of the Royal Family at this year's garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course." The Queen made a rare public appearance in late March when she attended the memorial service for her late husband Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey.  Instead of arriving through the same entrance as other members of the Royal Family, an alternative route was put in place to ensure the monarch's comfort as she paid her respects to her beloved consort. But several engagements have gone ahead without the Queen in recent months, including the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey and the annual Royal Maundy church service. The monarch has read aloud the Queen's Speech at every state opening of Parliament throughout her reign, except on two occasions. DON'T MISS:Princess Margaret snubbed Queen on wedding day with £1.6m tiara [INSIGHT]Archie pictures through the years - who does he look more like? [PICTURES]Queen cancels summer appearances - What major events has Queen missed? [EXPLAINER]  When the Queen was pregnant with Prince Andrew in 1959, her speech was read by the Lord Chancellor, Viscount Kilmuir, and when she was pregnant with Prince Edward in 1963 her speech was read by Lord Dilhorne. But according to the Times, preparations were being made as early as March for the Queen's Speech to be read by Prince Charles this year in case the Queen is unable to attend. After spending a day in hospital last October and testing positive for Covid in February, the Queen has dramatically scaled down her diary of public engagements. The Queen is understood to be experiencing mobility issues, telling military leaders at an audience in February: "Well, as you can see, I can’t move."  Subsequently, the monarch has delegated many of her public duties to her eldest son and heir in preparation for his future role as King. Charles took the Queen's place for the first time at the Royal Maundy church service in April, and he distributed the Maundy money to people in Windsor alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. At several high-profile royal events, Charles has also represented the Queen, including the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow where he delivered the opening speech. Charles also lead the Royal Family at the Cenotaph Remembrance Day event last autumn which the Queen had to pull out from due to a back sprain. 