Jose Mourinho could come back to haunt Tottenham Hotspur this summer if they decide to reignite their interest in Paulo Dybala. The 28-year-old forward will leave Juventus on a free transfer in the next few weeks, and the chance to play under Antonio Conte could catalyst a Premier League switch. In the early years of his career, as he picked his international allegiance, Dybala said he 'dreamed' of representing Argentina but admitted a call from Italy boss Conte could sway him. And if Tottenham return to the table after heavily pursuing him in 2019, he could be tempted. However, La Repubblica report that AS Roma are currently strong favourites to sign Dybala on a free transfer in July. Roma are ready to approach him about making the switch to the Italian capital and joining Mourinho's squad next season. Tottenham sacked the Portuguese coach just days before he was set to lead them out in the Carabao Cup final last season. And if Dybala prefers to remain in Italy, Mourinho's interest could be a fatal blow to Spurs' hopes of finally luring him to north London. JUST IN: Arsenal could have squandered Ilkay Gundogan transfer opportunity  The Argentine international has been most strongly linked with an inter-Serie A move to Juventus' fierce rivals Inter Milan. However, the report adds he has allegedly told some fans that he would never join the Nerazzurri, removing Simone Inzaghi and Co. from the race to sign him. Dybala is said to have assured fans as he bid farewell to the Allianz Stadium after Juventus' 2-2 draw against Lazio. A day earlier, he took to Instagram to send an emotional message to the Serie A giants' fans ahead of ending his seven-year spell in Turin. It read: "It is difficult to find the right words to greet you. There are so many years and so many emotions involved, all together. I thought we would have been together even more years, but fate puts us on different paths. READ MORE: Arsenal given light relief over top-four struggle as Man Utd ridiculed  "I will never forget everything you made me experience, every game, every goal. With you, I grew up, I learned, I lived, and I dreamed. It has been seven years of magic, 12 trophies and 115 goals that no one will take away from us. Never. Thank you for supporting me in difficult times. "Thanks to those who have accompanied me over the years: from the first to the last, from the fans to the people who work within the club, everyone, coaches and teammates, employees and managers. Wearing this important jersey together with the captain's armband has been one of the greatest pride of my life, which I hope to show to my children and grandchildren someday." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.