The Duke and Duchess of Sussex struck a deal with the streaming giant in 2020, reportedly worth up to £112 million. However, Netflix’s recent woes have dealt a blow to Meghan and Harry’s ambitions of launching their shows. According to analysis from YouGov, 19 percent of British adults with a paid TV subscription say they are likely to cancel them, within the next six months. Across different age groups, 28 percent aged 35-44 want to cancel, notably ahead of the next highest group - the 55+ - of whom 21 percent want to cancel. When asked why they would consider cancelling their paid TV subscription, the top reasons have to do with cost. Most say a paid TV subscription is too expensive, at 54 percent, while and 28 percent say they don’t want to pay for shows they never watch. It comes after Netflix cancelled Meghan’s animated show ‘Pearl’ during production amid a drop in subscribers. In April, Netflix disclosed a loss of 200,000 subscribers during its most recent quarter. The streaming service warned it expected to lose another 2 million subscribers in the next quarter, with Netflix’s stock tumbling 35 percent after the news. However, Archewell Production’s first planned release, Heart of Invictus, is currently in the process of being made. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Sussexes have 'nothing to show' as Firm 'needs them back' Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said the cutbacks would be a "blow" to the Sussexes. Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "The serious financial situation for Netflix, which has seen its shares plummet and which has announced radical changes to its content, is reflected in the decision to cancel Meghan's animated TV series Pearl. "This will be a blow to the Sussexes and the question obviously is, what do Netflix want from the royal couple now? "Harry's Heart of Invictus series will be due out soon, but the circa $100million deal with a company is huge and they will need a return on their investment.” DON'T MISS Election results LIVE: 'Tough night!' Boris admits poll hell Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing Tourist causes hysterics after calling London Underground 'confusing' Commentator Rafe Heydel-Mankoo told GB News: “Well it’s a complete disaster for Harry and Meghan. “As you know, Netflix is having big problems with a dip in subscriber numbers, falling revenues, plummeting share prices and having spent too much on other problems, and is cutting back – particularly on animated series. “So while Harry’s Invictus documentary is carrying on, there is nothing for Meghan to show for it and it’s really calling into question whether they can walk the walk. They’re good at talking the talk. “They signed up to Spotify but have only produced one podcast so far, the Netflix deal has been in place for over a year now and there’s very little to show for it. “It looks as if, you know, apart from moaning about the royals there’s not much that they’re able to do.” Andrew Pierce, consultant editor of the Daily Mail, also told Palace Confidential that the streaming giant is working out that the royal pair “are not the investment they thought they were”. He said: “What does it say about the fall from grace of Meghan? This contract is not even two years old and they've realised already that her celebrity is fading in the United States… “I think Netflix are working out that they are not the investment they thought they were. “[Pearl] was very important to Meghan herself who's the great woke warrior Queen – it's a real blow to her prestige and ego.”