The UK military aid pledge comes after US president Joe Biden signed off a cheque for $33billion to help Ukraine defend its sovereignty against Russia. The Prime Minister will today announce more military aid as he becomes the first world leader to address Ukraine's parliament during wartime. The Prime Minister is expected to tell MPs this is their nation’s “finest hour” as he draws a comparison to Britain’s Second World War response.  He will hail the Ukrainian resistance against tyranny in the live address to the Verkhovna Rada. The Verkhovna Rada is the unicameral parliament of Ukraine. As the British embassy reopens in Kyiv, Mr Johnson will say Britain is “proud to be among Ukraine’s friends”. Mr Johnson will reflect on Britain's resolve amidst the onslaught of Hitler's forces in World War 2.  READ MORE: Putin health bombshell: Kremlin leader 'to disappear for surgery' [REVEAL]  He is expected to say: “When my country faced the threat of invasion during the Second World War, our parliament, like yours continued to meet throughout the conflict. “The British people showed such unity and resolve that we remember our time of greatest peril as our finest hour. “This is Ukraine’s finest hour, an epic chapter in your national story that will be remembered and recounted for generations to come. “Your children and grandchildren will say that Ukrainians taught the world that the brute force of an aggressor counts for nothing against the moral force of a people determined to be free.”  DON'T MISS: Putin doesn't think NATO will use Nukes [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin horror as Russian TV shows nuclear attack on UK [LIVE]Putin tries to tighten grip on Ukraine region by changing currency [REPORT]  Mr Johnson will set out plans for how the £300million will bolster Ukrainian defences against the Russian invasion. The aid package includes electronic warfare equipment, a counter-battery radar system that detects mortars, GPS jamming equipment and thousands of night vision devices. Britain will also send heavy lift drones that can provide logistical support to isolated forces. The UK will also send more than a dozen new specialised Toyota Landcruisers to help protect civilian officials in Eastern Ukraine. These will be used to help evacuate civilians from frontline areas. They are also being sent following a request from the Ukrainian government. Additional reporting by Sam Lister, Deputy Political Editor. 