Mr Walker sat down with journalist Gina De Piero to discuss Prince Charles reading the Queen's speech in place of his mother. Mr Walker discussed the Palace claiming that the Queen has episodic mobility issues. The Royal reporter explained how Prince Charles and Prince William had been stepping up for Royal duties. Mr Walker then discussed the Queens up and coming meeting and appointments, claiming she's still very busy. Ms De Piero said: "Cameron, a Queen's speech but not as we know it. Mr Walker told GB News: "No not as we know it, Gloria, it was a bit of a historic day actually. "Prince Charles reading the Queen's speech for the first time, sat next to the imperial state crown a symbol that symbolises the sovereignty of the Monarch. "And as we know her Majesty announced last night that she would not be attending the state opening of Parliament today. JUST IN: Paranoid Putin 'wears bulletproof jacket' during Victory Day speech as grip weakens Mr Walker added: "And that's because of what the Palace called episodic mobility problems. "And I think to you or I that means she has good days and perhaps some bad days with her health, some days are better than others. "So she handed over responsibility to two of her councillors of state, that is Prince Charles and Prince William. "Who jointly have the power to open a new session of Parliaments. Mr Walker said: "The Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla was also there she is the Privy councillor and future Queen Consort. "But the Queen maintains a busy diary still, she has lots of engagements, she had a call with Australia yesterday. READ MORE: Russian journalists’ rebel on Victory Day with anti-Putin articles - ‘Paranoid dictator' "She has a virtual Privy Council meeting tomorrow, as well as a call with the Prime Minister and perhaps some virtual engagements next week. Craig Prescott, a constitutional expert, told Express.co.uk that the Queen missing such an engagement was a big step. Mr Prescott said: “It is one of her keystone annual appearances really. “It is the start of the Parliamentary session, and is the start of the Parliamentary year even, it is like the start of term. “It is the biggest event in Parliament and the Queen — the monarch — is a part of Parliament in that sense. “Constitutionally, it is probably one of the most significant occasions in the year and so for the Queen to decide not to do it, and for Charles to do it in her place, would be a big step.” 