Royal sources claim the Firm, apart from the Queen, think the scandal-hit Duke of York, who has scarcely been seen in public since his mother stripped him of his HRH title, and a number of patronages and affiliations, should “keep quiet”. But Prince Andrew is said to be desperate to make up for the shame he brought on the Royal Family by visiting his mother every day.  He has reportedly been driving five miles to Windsor Castle from his home at Royal Lodge to visit his mother for pre-lunch to ensure she is “comfortable and looked after”. A royal source told the Mirror: “Andrew is doing all he can to make amends for the shame he brought on his family for being involved in such a scandal. “He wants to make it up to the Queen which is why he is doing all he can to see her as much as possible. “The rest of the family, apart from Her Majesty, are united in feeling that he should stay out of the limelight and keep quiet having left such a stain on the family.” Earlier this year, the prince settled the case brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre, with an out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million. The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew Royal Garter appearance slammed 'Optics are not good!' It comes after it emerged Prince Andrew will attend Garter Day alongside the Queen at Windsor Castle on June 13. But he will not make an appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations after the monarch said the privilege would only be reserved for working members of the family. The move is likely to raised eyebrows among royal watchers and raise concerns Prince Andrew will take the spotlight.  DON'T MISS Prince Andrew visiting Queen DAILY to 'make amends' to monarch [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear [PICTURES]Queen welcomes 'commoners' into Royal Family after Fergie 'disaster' [COMMENT] The 95-year-old monarch has taken a step back on royal duties as she contends with health fears and mobility issues ahead of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in just a few days. The Duke of York, 62, made a controversial appearance at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving after the Queen's decision to give Andrew a prominent role at his father’s memorial service sparked a row inside the Firm, with Prince Charles and the Duke of Cambridge raising concerns when the idea was first raised. Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into Westminster Abbey to remember the life of her husband, a few weeks after reaching a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case.  It was his first public event since he made an undisclosed payment to settle a US lawsuit over allegations he sexually Ms Giuffre decades ago, claims he has vehemently denied. The prominent and symbolic role played by Andrew - long-rumoured to be the Queen's favourite child - was described by some commentators as a practical decision, but others have suggested it is a move towards rehabilitation for the duke. But members of the Firm are reported to have lobbied the Queen behind closed doors not to allow Prince Andrew to "overshadow" the service.  Richard Palmer told The Royal Round podcast at the time: "My understanding is that this came and went, there was a discussion about it some days earlier and the family thought it had gone away. "Then suddenly at the last minute, I think the day before it reared its head again and members of the family pleaded with the Queen effectively, and said, you know, please don't do this because it will overshadow the event."