Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz, who has been flying the skies for more than 10 years, exclusively shared with Express.co.uk what he likes to call "the duty-free hack". Miguel previously revealed to Express.co.uk that "duty-free bags don't count as carry-on baggage," which is something most passengers are not aware of. He explained: "If you have something that doesn't fit in your suitcase or you want to bring an extra bag on board, here's the trick. "All you have to do is carry a duty-free bag. "Or ask for one at the duty-free shop and you place whatever you want in the shopping bag." READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight  The flight attendant said that "there is obviously limited space, but at least you are bringing an extra bag to the cabin with you". Low-cost airlines like easyJet have very strict luggage policies and only allow one small bag, which has to fit under the seat, free of charge. Passengers often need to pay for any extra carry-on or checked-in luggage. Miguel explained this trick can also be used if the checked-in baggage is too heavy and the airline wants to charge for the extra weight. Travellers can simply remove some of the items and take them on board in a duty-free bag.  Miguel said: "Now you know. If you ever find yourself in that situation, just put whatever you need in a duty-free bag. You are welcome!" The flight attendant admitted he does this every time he goes on holiday. He explained: "I know the trick because I always do this when I fly as a passenger. "And when I see people coming on board with a duty-free bag that looks VERY full I always assume they are using it for this purpose as it obviously doesn't contain just one perfume or bottle of wine. "But a lot of crew don't know this and most won't realise. "If you come on board with one piece of luggage, which you are allowed to, and a duty-free bag with some of your belongings, no one will say anything." Miguel shared another hack to avoid additional baggage charges. He said: "This is one I keep seeing in TikTok and it consists of placing the additional clothes inside a pillowcase and carrying that with you on the plane. "It's genius. "As a crew, I would never suspect anything." However, Miguel said he wouldn't do it as he thinks "it's easier to carry a duty-free bag than a pillowcase around the airport".