Naga Munchetty, 47, replied to a tweet her BBC co-star had posted only minutes earlier. As sports presenter John Watson showed off his surroundings in Seville ahead of Wednesday’s Europa League final between Eintracht Frankfurt and Rangers, Naga replied in a sarcastic manner: “Tough life.” John had uploaded a short video clip to Twitter to document his arrival in the Spanish city. Without saying much, he filmed the surroundings while smiling at the camera. In the background, the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan stadium could clearly be seen. Last week, Naga hit out at another BBC co-star. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims On Saturday, she accused her BBC Breakfast co-host Charlie Stayt of “ignoring” her. Charlie had been featured in a live cycling piece in Salford Quays, where their studios are based. The BBC presenter asked her colleague Charlie to return to the studio once the segment was over and, appearing to think she couldn’t be heard on air, accused him of “ignoring” her. She proceeded to ask crew members to “go out and get him”. When introducing the next segment, Naga was forced to explain her co-star’s temporary absence. She said: “If you’re wondering where my partner in crime is, he's outside. “He’s gone outside in the glorious sunshine on the piazza because miles of new footways, cycle lanes and pedestrian crossings are set to be built as part of plans to create a so-called golden age of cycling and walking in England.” Charlie had been speaking to Olympic Gold medallist and Cycling and Walking Commissioner for England Chris Boardman about a new scheme to build footways, cycle lanes and pedestrian crossings across the country. DON'T MISS:Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode'[LATEST]Carol McGiffin says co-star's threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE]Eva Longoria dazzles in jaw-dropping display for Top Gun: Maverick[PICTURES] Once they had finished talking about the scheme, Charlie, who was due to return to the studio to continue the show, had other ideas. He asked Chris: “Shall we tootle off and go and get a coffee or something?” Naga was quick to interject: “No, Mr Stayt. “My Stayt,” the broadcaster said again. “You’re due back in the studio. He’s ignoring me again. “Can someone just go out and get him?” She added: “It’s ridiculous, we’ve got an hour and a half of broadcasting left to do. “Can someone go and get him?” She then turned to face the camera and reassured viewers: “I’m going to get someone out to bring Mr Stayt back to the studio. He will be back, trust me.”