Both the EU and NATO continue to press on with plans to tackle the rising Russian threat, with the Brussels bloc aiming at cutting out its reliance on Russia's gas while NATO looks to formally approve two new memberships. President Vladimir Putin on Monday claimed Moscow had “no problems” with either Finland or Sweden joining NATO, but warned his nation would see it as a major threat if they started funnelling weapons into the military alliance. But two countries seem to be standing in the way of progress on the continent: Hungary and Turkey. Turkey emerged as an early barrier to Sweden and Finland's NATO bids, with officials voicing their opposition last week. But Turkish officials are not explicitly supporting Putin's regime, as they have personal issues with both prospective members. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused Finland of supporting the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), a claim repeated by foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu over the weekend. As he arrived for talks with representatives from both nations, he told reporters it was “unacceptable and outrageous” to support the party, an armed guerilla movement that has mounted attacks on the Turkish government for decades. READ MORE: Panicked EU prepares for Russia retaliation - leaked document Mr Cavusoglu said: “The problem is that these two countries are openly supporting and engaging with PKK and YPG [People's Defense Units]. "These are terrorist organisations that have been attacking our troops every day. “A big majority of the Turkish people are against the membership of those countries ... and are asking us to block this membership." Turkey added that Finland and Sweden had previously failed to respond positively to extradition requests. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said: “We will not say yes to those [countries] that apply sanctions to Turkey to join the security organisation NATO. "They say they will come to Turkey on Monday. Will they come to persuade us? Excuse us, but they shouldn’t bother.” While the Turkish government appears to have unequivocally rejected the two Nordic nations, they have made progress. Turkey has made "progress" with the countries, and may warm to them further if they grant its extradition requests. Elsewhere, Hungary has been accused of "holding the EU hostage" over its opposition to the bloc's plans to ban Russian oil. Lithuania’s foreign minister, Gabrielius Landsbergis, said: “Unfortunately the whole union is being held hostage by one member state.” The nation is nearly completely dependent on Russian oil and so is holding up the EU embargo, as it needs all 27 members to agree. EU diplomat Josep Borrell said foreign ministers had been unable to break the deadlock, because “we have the same difficulties about unanimity”. Hungary has even been offered a delay in starting the embargo, pushed back to 2024 for the nation as well as Slovakia, due to their heavy reliance on Russian gas. But Budapest is still holding strong against the plans, something Viktor Orban has likened to being “tantamount to dropping a nuclear bomb on the Hungarian economy”. Ursula Von der Leyen had been invited by Orbán to discuss “issues related to European energy security and supply” and had gone to Budapest “to listen and to search for solutions jointly”, according to a European Commission spokesperson. While Hungary has stalled the EU due to national concerns, Mr Orban has previously expressed his support for Putin. He played down his association with the Russian premier during his reelection bid earlier this year but has historically aligned with him. On claiming victory, he claimed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was an "opponent" of his. And in a note to the government, Putin expressed his desire to continue cooperating with Hungary, stating: "Further development of bilateral ties of partnership fully accords with the interests of the peoples of Russia and Hungary." 