Everton boss Frank Lampard has spoken out after his side beat Chelsea 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Sunday. The Toffees went into the game knowing they needed to respond after Burnley beat Watford 2-1 24 hours previously. And they did just that, with Richarlison scoring the only of the game at Goodison Park. Richarlison scored the only goal of the game for Everton in the 46th minute, keeping his cool to convert past Edouard Mendy after a mistake from Cesar Azpilicueta. And, now, Lampard has hailed his side's performance while singling out Jordan Pickford for praise. "Seven minutes added on was a bit of a surprise!” he told Sky Sports. "Difficult. They are always a team that will put you under pressure late on. “We did brilliantly. The team, stadium, the fans were man of the match today. From the drive in to the support, which we need. Thanks to them. "The fans are in the middle of this. I am pleased the players could see on the way in what it means to the fans. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “They know that and understand it. They got behind us, were nicely aggressive, this place has to be a hard place to come. “Results have been good here at Goodison before I came, we have to maintain that. "We have to fight for points, we are in the relegation zone and we have to go with that same spirit every game. "They [the players] have to show they care. I like that. “They don't have to go over the line but have to show they care, the fans want to see that. I prodded them a bit before the game because the situation is clear. We need to perform with that level in all our remaining games. That needs to keep coming in and if it doesn't we have to sort it out. "Jordan made great saves. they are Chelsea and will have chances but we had chances as well. Jordan is such a great lad, he is England's number one and that is the reason why. Pickford himself spoke out after the match. And he said: “I am a very passionate person and it means the world to us to get the result today. "Our character and team spirit drove us on today and with the fans behind us like they were it was incredible. Now is about today, we will enjoy it but come next week we will focused on the next games. "I worked hard all week. It is rewarding when you make the saves to help the team out as they help you out as well. It is a team effort and that was my job. "We know their quality, they are Champions League winners and we got the feeling at Goodison that with hard work and dedication we would get the result. "The fans are very passionate. To get that buzz on the bus coming in it touches you. We have still got five games, we will take them as they come." And captain Seamus Coleman said: "The results yesterday pulled them away and not many gave us a chance today, but we believed and the reception we came into, we couldn't get too carried away, but this football club means everything to those fans and we had to replicate that today." On Pickford, he added: "That save he came back off the line and parried out was world class and we see that on a daily basis in training and that is why he is England's number one - some of the saves were world class. "I have been here a long time and never been in this situation but never felt like I did coming into the stadium today - the flares and genuine passion in grown men's faces singing the Everton songs, if that doesn’t touch you as players you might as well hang up the boots." "It is what I am there for and it is a team effort at the end of the day, it is all about getting three points. I really enjoyed it but that is what I am there to do, help the team. We cannot get too carried away, we have to keep fighting and the fans have played a massive part. "The manager spoke at half-time and said to Richarlison to keep doing that and your chance will come. It shows working hard as a team and individuals and you'll get rewards."