Spring is often a time gardeners get back in their gardens and begin to mow the lawn again. However, each year, gardeners are urged to put the mower away for May when insects, in particular bees, emerge and look for food. Dandelions often pop up all over the lawn when left uncut for long periods, which provide important nectar for pollinators. However, one expert has said taking part is more “damaging long-term.” Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, said: “The ‘No Mow May’ project involves leaving the grass uncut to create a habitat that will benefit bees and other insects. “But doing so will be more damaging long-term. “It will invite all kinds of wildlife to the lawn to create a home, only then to destroy it and kill the insects in the process when the lawn is mowed again.” Instead, the lawn expert recommended leaving an area of the garden uncut all year round. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Carlos explained: “For those wanting to create a space for wildlife, a much better idea would be allocating an area of the garden to be a wild area all year round. “This way no insects will create a home only for it to be destroyed a matter of weeks later. “Sowing wildflower seeds will create a good habitat for all kinds of insects and bees.” Monty Don also recommended having a patch of grass which is permanently long. DON'T MISS:Seedlings: Make a reflector using foil to grow ‘much sturdier’ plant [EXPERT]Prune houseplants now to avoid ‘diseases’ - ‘will reward you’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 27p product to remove blood stains from bedding [EXPLAINER] In a recent blog post, he wrote: “Try and restrict mowing. “This will mean different things for different people but long grass is one of the best environments for a huge diversity of wildlife in the garden, and long grass with flowers from bulbs, perennials and annuals is as beautiful as anything else you might grow. “Everybody is happy except perhaps those that see tidiness as the prime aim of gardening and children wanting somewhere to play. “To satisfy the clutter, very important, it is good to have a patch of mown grass where not only they can play but everyone can lounge and sprawl and enjoy the short grass between their toes. “But try and restrict the mowing as much as possible. “In our garden we have reduced down to mown paths in the long grass.” Long grass improves conditions for invertebrates to live in, which can help provide food for birds and mammals such as hedgehogs. For those mowing their lawn regularly, scarifying it is a gardening job to get done this month. This involves getting rid of any dead grass or moss which may be preventing the lawn underneath from growing. Gerald Stratford, also known as gardening grandpa, explained: “I like to apply some feed and weed then leave it for a week as scarify. “After that I will keep feeding with a high nitrogen feed which encourages green leafy growth and cut it at least once a week. “Don’t put the mower blades so low that you scalp the lawn as this will only encourage moss to grow, then hopefully you will have a lovely lawn to set off the rest of your garden.”