Rangers may have a European final coming up, but they made it there with their 'worst performance'. The Scottish league title may be out of reach, but they could become the champions of Europe. Despite booking their place in the Europa League final following a dramatic 3-1 win at Ibrox, Sir Alex Ferguson has called Rangers out for producing their 'worst performance' in the competition. Rangers overturned a one goal deficit and beat RB Leipzig 3-1 on Thursday, setting up their first European final since 2008. But Ferguson called them out for their 'worst performance', before backing them to go all the way after still being victorious when not playing 100 percent. The legendary Scottish manager collected a Lifetime Achievement award from the Scottish Football Writers' Association, and upon giving his speech he couldn't help himself and spoke about Rangers' European run. Ferguson said: "I've been watching their games and they've been fantastic in Europe. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement "In fact, I would say on Thursday, that was their worst performance but they had the spirit and the desire to get to the final. But their performances before that in - in Dortmund - have been absolutely brilliant. "Now they are in the final and they have a chance, they have a great chance." And it's Eintracht Frankfurt who they will face in the final, after the German side ended West Ham United's European ambitions with a 1-0 win on Thursday. Fans were beginning to dream of a Rangers vs West Ham final in Seville, but Frankfurt edged the tie 2-1 on aggregate after Aaron Cresswell's early red card gave the Hammers a mountain to climb. But Rangers will be hoping to go one better against Frankfurt, after losing 2-0 to Zenit in the 2008 UEFA Cup final.  DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham showMan Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him The man that led Rangers to their last European cup final was the legendary Walter Smith, who sadly died last year. But Rangers captain James Tavernier paid tribute to the former Rangers boss in an emotional interview. Tavernier said: “First and foremost we wanted to do it for Jimmy, and I’m super proud of the effort all the lads put in and all the staff and all the fans. He will be looking down proud - so will Walter on all of us - it’s for them. I’m absolutely delighted. "We are through to the final. Unbelievable. It was a tough test but an unbelievable feeling to be in a European final - it’s what you dream of."  Smith was also Ferguson's assistant at United for a brief spell, but the pair were friends for many years, and he paid tribute to the former Rangers boss following his death. "I am absolutely devastated," said Sir Alex. "Walter was a special person. "He fought his illness with great courage. He was a great friend of mine for years and years, I had him as my assistant at United in 2004 and he was also my assistant when Scotland went to the World Cup in 1986. "In all that time you were dealing with a man with great moral compass in how he lived his life and the friendship he offered so many people. His contribution to football with Dundee United, Rangers, Scotland, Everton and Man United was immense.  "He was only at United a short time, but he was fantastic. I lost Carlos Queiroz to Real Madrid and I knew I needed an assistant so I phoned Walter about it and he came for six months and helped us win the FA Cup against Millwall. "He had a wonderful connection with people because he was a great listener, that was one of his greatest qualities. He listened and showed an interest in people and helped everyone he could. "It’s such a loss to the game and to everyone that knew him." Rangers now have the opportunity to pay the perfect tribute and cap of the fairytale dream in Europe. 