Having originated various roles on the stage, including Miss Hannigan in Annie and Mrs Lovett in Sweeney Todd, the star’s first big television role was in the BBC’s The Rag Trade. “People are always stopping me in the street,” Hancock said in a recent interview. “‘You’re a legend!’ they tell me. ‘It’s wonderful, the way you keep going!’ I thought: maybe I can write something helpful about how life can be quite lovely even at my age [she is now 89].” However, the star goes on to say that life suddenly took a turn for the worst. In recent years her daughter has battled cancer, she has personally been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and Brexit and Covid have shaken the nation as a whole.   “I thought, 'No, I can’t write something lovely. I’m too angry for that,'” Hancock continued to say when promoting her new memoir Old Rage. Having survived breast cancer herself back in 1988, Hancock has become surprisingly used to the aches and pains that have come with her old age, explaining that growing old is “a fair deal”. “It’s always been awful,” she says when making comments on her body and the long list of ailments she has had over the years. “I’m always reading adverts where something is ‘rejuvenating’ or ‘age-defying’ or whatever, and I think, ‘Well, I don’t know why they’re so vile about old age.’ Youth is horrible.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels - do not 'dismiss'   Accepting and almost enjoying getting older, Hancock admitted that the Covid lockdown drove her slightly mad, and she became hyper-aware of her aching body. Going on to add that she made the morbid realisation that she feels death is “uncomfortably near”. However, all is not doom and gloom for the national treasure, as she claims she still enjoys keeping fit, despite her ailments causing her slight trouble. In fact, surprisingly in the past she has admitted to being “addicted” to weight lifting. “I am fit, but I work at it. It doesn’t come easily. It’s not natural,” she shared in 2022. “I’m still recovering from a broken wrist, and I have a fracture in my back, too. But thanks to the physio at Charing Cross Hospital, I can still do weights, and I can still drive. Don’t let them tell you you’re old. ‘You’ve had a fall,’ people say, as if that’s it. “Before, I could barely lift just the pole. There’s lots of medical evidence to support the fact that it’s incredibly good for bones and strength and all sorts of age-related problems.  “I feel so strong now. I was beginning to notice I couldn’t put my hand luggage above my seat on a plane, and that sort of thing. It was all muscle wastage to do with getting older. “Lifting weights has restored muscle that had gone. “My bicep is back now. My lower arms are strong. Some people do weights to look toned, but I just want to stay strong as I get older. You don’t have to get weak as you get older. I’ve proved that.” The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) explain that there are multiple benefits of physical activity, especially for those who are in older age. These include:  In fact, exercise and keeping fit can help to lower the risk of early death by up to 30 percent. This is even more important as research suggests that many adults spend more than seven hours a day sitting down, at work, on transport or in their leisure time. Specifically, people aged over 65 spend 10 hours or more each day sitting or lying down, making them the most sedentary age group. However, strength-training, like weight lifting, when done regularly can help to build muscle strength, mass and preserve bone density and independence for the elderly. Research published by Rebecca Seguin BS et al, concluded: “It is clear that a variety of strength-training prescriptions from highly controlled laboratory-based to minimally supervised home-based programmes have the ability to elicit meaningful health benefits in older adults.” For those who cannot do intense activity such as weightlifting or other associated weight exercises, the NHS recommends walking for health or cycling instead of using the car to get around instead. The more you do, the better, and taking part in activities such as sports and exercise will make you even healthier. 