Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, are to embark on a three-day tour of Canada to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Prince of Wales and his wife will cover more than 2,000 miles from Newfoundland and Labrador to the Northwest Territories. Upon announcing the royal trip, Clarence House stressed the royals will highlight the importance of learning "from Indigenous peoples in Canada", in particular when it comes to climate change and taking care of nature. Royal author Omid Scobie suggested the Prince of Wales is the right person to carry out such an important series of visits in North America given he mastered his diplomacy skill. In an op-ed for Yahoo! news, the author of the unauthorised biography of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - Finding Freedom - wrote: "Later this month, Prince Charles will acknowledge the abuse of thousands of Indigenous children by Canada's now dismantled residential school system during a tour with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. "It’s an important moment that will include time with Indigenous leaders and community members in the spirit of reconciliation. "As one of the only family member aside from the Queen to truly master the art of diplomacy, I can see why Charles has been tasked with such a sensitive trip." Elsewhere in his column, Mr Scobie hit out at missteps made in the Caribbean by the Cambridges and the Wessexes and how foreign visits on behalf of the Queen are currently being undertaken by her royal representatives. He wrote: "As the modern world fervently tackles critical social challenges and undoing mistakes of the past, the sepia-tinted formula for the House of Windsor’s global travel has found itself held back by the palace’s reluctance to change anything if it still works. "But as the Cambridges’ ill-fated tour of the Caribbean in March proved, these trips no longer do." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry savaged as Netflix's 'biggest mistake' Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William's tour of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas was marred by protests, calls for slavery reparations and republicanism. While the issue of republicanism is unlikely to be put forward in Canada, the Duchess and Prince of Wales are facing a gruelling schedule and tricky issues. The highlight will be not just on the Platinum Jubilee but also on the lifelong Prince's sustainability work and projects. Clarence House said in a statement providing details for the tour: "The Prince of Wales has long believed that we need to learn from Indigenous Peoples around the world how better we should live in and care for nature and the planet. "Canada is seeing the impact of climate change and so this tour will highlight an emphasis on learning from Indigenous Peoples in Canada as well as a focus on working with businesses to find a more sustainable way of living with global warming." Moreover, the royals will also stop at Heart Garden in Government House and, standing alongside Indigenous leaders, they will take part in a "moment of reflection and prayer". Chris Fitzgerald, deputy private secretary to Prince Charles for foreign, commonwealth and development affairs, said: "Their Royal Highnesses will first take part in a solemn moment of reflection and prayer at the Heart Garden, on the grounds of Government House, with indigenous leaders and community members in the spirit of Reconciliation. "Heart Gardens are in memory of all indigenous children who were lost to the residential school system, in recognition of those who survived, and the families of both." Canada is coming to terms with the discovery last year of hundreds of remains of Indigenous children across the sites of five former institutes. They belonged to youngsters who went through Canada's state-sponsored "residential school" system, a controversial legacy of the nation's colonial past. Following the Indian Act passed by the Canadian parliament in 1876, Indigenous children started to be forcibly removed from their homes and sent to live in institutions aiming to strip them of their culture, religion, language and identity. An estimated 150,000 Indigenous children attended these schools from the 19th century to the 1970s. Many never returned to their families and thousands of children are believed to have died of disease or other causes. Canada's Governor General Mary Simon - the first-ever Indigenous representative of the Queen in the nation - said in a statement to be excited for the royal visit. She stated: "This visit is a chance for us to showcase the evolution of our country, our diverse and inclusive society, as well as the resilience of Indigenous communities".