MotoGP is back with the 2022 season heading to Mugello this weekend. The latest race in what's been a fascinating season starts at 1pm and all the action from the MotoGP, Moto2 and Moto3 classes will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport, which you can tune into via your Sky Q, Virgin Media TV 360 or BT TV box. You can also watch BT Sport on your Smart TV, laptop, mobile or tablet or via your games console by purchasing the contract-free BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers access to Champions League, Europa League and Premier League matches plus UFC, Serie A, WWE, Ligue 1 and the MotoGP for just £25 a month. So far MotoGP 2022 has been a topsy turvy season, with it difficult to predict who is the favourite. At the moment it looks like the title fight is between the likes of Fabio Quartararo, Aleix Espargaro and Enea Bastianini but things can change very quickly. Riders such as Francesco Bagnaia, Joan Mir and Marc Marquez will all surely be hoping to pull together a string of results that brings them into title contention but face a stiff challenge with such a strong and competitive field. BT Sport has all the action live from the latest round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Mugello begins at 9.15am, with the Moto 3 race first up at 10am. Next is the Moto2 with pre-race build-up from 11am with the race at 11.20am. And then it's the headline act of the MotoGP with build-up from 12.30pm ahead of the race starting at 1pm.  BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer, but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 