 Beat The Chasers is returning to ITV with The Chase's quizmasters back on hand to try and prevent contestants from winning life-changing sums of cash. However, Anne 'The Governess' Hegerty will not be appearing on the hit show for the first time since the spin-off began after contracting COVID-19 at the time of filming. Australian quizmaster, Issa Schultz, has explained why he is stepping into her "chilly shoes" with confidence. Issa has issued a warning to The Chase fans he may "overtake" The Governess after replacing her on the latest series of Beat The Chasers. The Chase Australia star decided to fill in for Anne after she contracted Covid and was not able to attend filming in the studio. The 38-year-old Australian "dropped everything" to fly from Brisbane to the UK within hours of being called about stepping in for Anne. "I got a last-minute call to step into The Governess’s cold and chilly shoes," Issa exclaimed. READ MORE: 'Nul points!' Fans furious as Mika mimes on Eurovision "What a delight. It was close to 1am Brisbane time - I’m a night owl and my Australian boss said to the UK bosses: ‘Just call him, he’ll be up.’ "And then I was on the plane, I think it was close to 9am that very morning. "As they say, the show must go on! I’d be foolish not to do it," he told The Sun's TV Mag. Despite stepping into Anne's "chilly shoes", she was encouraging to Issa and told him: "Go for it Issa, I know you can do this.'" He revealed Anne has been his colleague on The Chase Australia for seven years. Issa also opened up about how competitive all of the Chasers are because they compete in quiz competitions around the globe when they are not filming. "Chasers want to win and be first. You want to be the best, that’s quizzing," he revealed. "In Australia, they have national championships and I’m lucky to have taken it nine times. So there, I’m feeling pretty confident about where I am compared to everyone else, but here I’m surrounded by people who, in some cases, are a lot better than I am." DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as Anne Hegerty exposes player as quizzer  [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers [UPDATE]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Issa added: "Paul [Sinha] is good and I’m pretty sure most of the time is better than I am. "Anne, I’ve started to overtake in the world rankings. "As much as I want to be world number one, it may happen, it may not, but it’ll keep me interested for many years to come." Anne spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk at this year’s BAFTA TV Awards about Issa being the perfect replacement.  She said: “What happened was Issa is the only Australian Chaser who was born in the UK. “So he was the one person they could put on a plane and he wouldn’t need a visa." She added: “Not to take anything away, but we could have gone down to five Chasers.” Beat The Chasers begins on ITV on Monday, May 16 at 9pm. 