Paul Martin has worked on the antique show Flog It! since 2002, leading the way in unwanted items being valued by experts and sold at real-life auctions. So it's no wonder that BBC viewers are eager to find out more about his personal life. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Flog It!'s Paul Martin. Paul Martin has been presenting various shows for the BBC for more than two decades. Besides Flog It!, Martin has hosted the Countryfile spin-off shows Summer Diaries and Autumn Diaries as well as Trust Me I'm A Dealer and Paul Martin's Homemade Revolution. His career was kick-started when he was discovered during an interview with BBC Bristol where he talked passionately about oak furniture. He had no previous TV experience but producers were so impressed by his confidence he was shortly after hired to present Britain's Hidden Heritage. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Paul Martin was born on January 5, 1959, in Middlesex which means the antique presenter is 63-years-old. While he was born in Middlesex, Martin is now living in the village of Seend in Wiltshire with his wife and two children. Martin and his wife Charlotte Godfrey have been together for 14 years after they married back in 2017. The couple first met behind the scenes of Flog It! where Charlotte worked as a BBC production co-ordinator. Martin's wife, who has also worked on Bargain Hunt, The Gadget Show and The Boat That Guy Built, is 20 years his junior. Talking about their first meeting, Martin told the Daily Mirror: "She was a production coordinator and went on to work with Sir David Attenborough. "She is into budgets and I spend all the money on antiques! She is TV minded and my kids love it." Together, the couple has two children, son Dylan, 13, and daughter Meredith, 10. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]Charlie Ross net worth: How much is Bargain Hunt star worth? [NET WORTH]Bargain Hunt star Roo Irvine opens up on antiques addiction [CAST] Martin hopes that he will be able to pass on his love for antiques to his children. "I buy [antiques] because of their wonderful history of craftmanship, or as a document of social history, which has got a real identity and tells a story of that area", he told the Irish News. "We are giving it a new lease of life by loving it and making it survive for another century. "And hopefully my kids will love it and pass it on to their kids." Martin will be returning for another fun-filled episode of Flog It!. The description reads: "Paul Martin presents from Powderham Castle in Devon. "Dating back to the 14th century, it is the long-standing home of the Courtenay family. "Antiques experts Claire Rawle and Mark Stacey find great treasures among hundreds of visitors to the stately home. "Claire meets a steam train fan with a great collection of memorabilia, and Mark gets a surprise when an art deco Spanish bracelet goes under the hammer. "And Paul Martin delves into the history of the Met Office." Flog It! airs weekdays at 5.15pm on BBC Two.