Tensions are growing among President Emmanuel Macron’s allies as opposition rival Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s coalition has been polling ahead in recent weeks and is showing no signs of dipping ahead of key French elections. In a sign of disquiet in President Macron’s camp, his allies have been targeting far-left Mélenchon’s European Union disobedience agenda, with Emmanuel Macron’s EU minister Clément Beaune sending the harshest salvo. Mr Beaune lashed out at Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s EU agenda in an op-ed to the French newspaper Le Monde, saying: “If we chose our rules à la carte, the destruction of the European Union is inevitable”. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s ally Manon Aubry responded to the attacks: "As far as Europe à la carte is concerned, the Macronists know their stuff. "Within the European Union, France is the first country not to comply with air pollution standards and renewable energy targets. "He (Macron) does not respect the rest time at work for the military either. "He does not respect data protection standards." Responding to Clément Beaune’s accusation that Jean-Luc Mélenchon would inevitably destroy the European Union, MEP Aubry said: "And I want to tell him today that what is inevitable is the destruction of our social rights and our ecological ambitions. "And that they are the ones who have taken it upon themselves to destroy that and to bring the European Union to its knees. "They are the ones destroying the European Union. They are destroying the European ideal. "The European Union has become this great area of social and ecological competition where it was supposed to protect." READ MORE: 'We deserve respect' Zelensky slams EU's 'unfair' treatment of Ukraine "When the European Union signs free trade treaties in droves to lower customs barriers at the borders of the European Union and bring in products from the other side of the world that are produced under absolutely deplorable environmental and social conditions and that create dumping, that's what's creating the demise of the European Union", MEP Aubry added. "When the European Union imposes austerity measures on the Member States when they say that public spending must be cut. "In particular in hospitals, the consequences of which we have seen in the light of the Covid crisis." DON'T MISS: Macron savaged as he is warned ‘five coming years will be even worse’ [REPORT]'Thanks but no thanks!' Richard Tice rejects Macron’s political EU [REPORT]What is Emmanuel Macron's political European community? [EXPLAINER] MEP Aubry said: "When the European Commission asks France to reform its pensions, they are destroying the European Union. "They make people move away from the European Union; they make them angry. "So, lessons from those who claim to be saving Europe while they claim that an economic elite that benefits from these European systems, frankly, no thanks.”