Mijas in the Costa del Sol has been chosen as one of Spain’s most extraordinary places. The stunning town was chosen by Nutella as part of a special campaign. Nutella calls Mijas a “beautiful village with a layout consisting of winding slopes that go up and down, filled with colourful pots of geraniums that contrast with the white fronts of the houses”. The beautiful town is famous for its donkey taxis. The unusual transportation method dates from the 1960s when workers used to return home on their donkeys. They were often stopped by visitors who wanted to take photos or even sneak a ride on the donkey. The workers soon found that tips from visitors were worth more than the money from a day’s work. READ MORE: Airport 'like the Hunger Games' as Brits queue for hours at security This led to the birth of the ‘Donkey Taxi Service’ and there are now over 60 donkey taxis in Mijas. Visitors to Mijas will have the choice of exploring the nearby mountains as well as easy access to beaches. Golf fans will have plenty to entertain them with a wide selection of courses located in the mountains. Tourists can also explore the Old Town with its pretty whitewashed streets or visit one of the museums. They could also visit the nearby Senda Litoral Mijas, a beautiful boardwalk with stunning sea views. One UK visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Absolutely love the boardwalk all year round. Summer with the chiringuitos (beach bars) in full swing, winter with the sun on your face and beautiful fresh air, it’s such a wonderful addition to the coastline.” Another said: “This is a super and more recent addition to the Costa. Super boardwalk with wood in many places to jog on.” The Shrine of the Virgen de la Pena is also well worth a visit for any tourists travelling to Mijas. The serene rock chapel is set within a cave and offers incredible views of the surrounding mountains. One visitor said: “Really stunning chapel, it’s tiny and built into a Rock. Well worth a look and the views from the area are amazing. Recommended.” Families can entertain children with a visit to Aquamijas, an exciting waterpark located close to the town. British tourists can travel to Mijas on a budget flight to Malaga which operate from many of the UK’s major airports. Unvaccinated British tourists cannot travel to Spain unless they have a recent Covid recovery certificate. Spain has recently extended its rules on unvaccinated Britons and there is no indication of when the rules might change. Fully vaccinated Britons can travel to Spain without taking a test and will not need to fill out a passenger locator form. Unvaccinated British teenagers between the ages of 12-17 can travel to Spain if they have a negative PCR test.