It was reported on the news outlet TMZ that the 82-year-old Speaker’s husband Paul was arrested in connection with alleged drink driving allegations. But a spokesman for Ms Pelosi said she would not be commenting. Drew Hammill, spokesman for Nancy Pelosi, told The Associated Press (AP): “The Speaker will not be commenting on this private matter which occurred while she was on the East Coast.” Mr Pelosi, also 82, was arrested this weekend on suspicion of driving under influence (DUI) in Northern California, police records showed Sunday. He was taken into custody late Saturday in Napa County north of San Francisco, according to a sheriff’s office online booking report. According to AP, he could face charges including driving under the influence and driving with a blood alcohol content level of 0.08 or higher, the report said. Mr Pelosi’s bail was set for $5,000 for the two misdemeanours, records showed. No other details were immediately available. California Highway Patrol Officer Andrew Barclay said more information would be released later. The House Speaker, who has been married to her husband since 1963, was in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday, where she delivered the commencement address at Brown University. While she has been silent on the allegations about her husband, Ms Pelosi has been highly outspoken on Brexit and threatened the UK over the Government’s attempts to resolve the Northern Ireland crisis. READ MORE: Turkey considers using Nato expansion talks to end Cyprus dispute Ms Pelosi said that a UK/ US trade deal at federal level would fail to pass if the British Government went ahead with plans to unilaterally reform the Northern Ireland protocol. This led to senior Whitehall sources describing Ms Pelosi as “fundamentally ignorant” and suggested she was being briefed by Sinn Fein. The House Speaker has also triggered the ire of another major Nato ally Turkey with attacks on President Erdogan. On her Northern Ireland comments, a Turkish government source told Express.co.uk: “Now you [Britain] know how we feel.” DON'T MISS Boris on brink as Tory MPs expect to trigger for vote of confidence [REVEAL]Partygate report leaves Tories SEVEN points behind Labour [REACT]Boris blows Macron and ALL major leaders out of water as US favourite [INSIGHT]