Adele Roberts, 43, has opened up about her battle following a bowel cancer diagnosis. The Radio 1 presenter has spoken, in a new interview, about how cancer has found her more able to “appreciate” her body and why “it means so much” to be on the cover of Women’s Health UK. Speaking to Women’s Health UK, Adele explained how her ill health has taught her to “love my body”. She said: “Being diagnosed with cancer has meant I’ve learned to appreciate my body…I feel like I love my body more than ever.” Explaining her new-found appreciation for her body, Adele explained: “Being diagnosed with cancer has meant I’ve learned to appreciate my body; be grateful that it works; be grateful they found the tumour in time to remove it and be grateful [that modern medicine means I can] have a stoma. “I feel like I love my body more than ever.” READ MORE: Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement Adele has also bravely been speaking about her cancer journey and raising awareness of the disease. She regularly takes to social media to share informative videos clips on topics such as how to change a stoma bag, which collects faeces. Speaking about why she believes bowel cancer is something more people should speak about, Adele said: “One in two of us will be diagnosed with cancer at some point in our lives, and I think the more we can actually talk about it, the less negatively affected people will be, mentally, if and when that happens. “That’s why it means so much – as someone undergoing cancer treatment and with a visible stoma – to be on the cover of Women’s Health.”  In 2021, Adele shared the news of her diagnosis and that she was undergoing treatment in an Instagram post, saying: “For a while now I’ve been struggling with my digestion. “Thanks to a conversation I had with my Dad a few years back I went to my GP for a check up. “I’ll be honest, I was embarrassed but I also knew that it could be something serious. So I went just in case. “I didn’t think anything of it at first and just assumed it might be food sensitivity. DON'T MISS... Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap[LATEST]Countryfile's Julia Bradbury on cancer breakthrough [HEALTH]Carol Kirkwood shares engagement news with mystery man[PICTURES] "After a few phone calls I was sent for some examinations and checks. “I was then diagnosed with bowel cancer. This was at the start of the month.” Despite being “upset” about her diagnosis at times, Adele says she has a “strategy” for staying positive “mentally”, which allows her to be “stable”. She said in the interview: “I’ve spent a lot of time being upset. “When I was in hospital, recovering after my surgeries, I would overhear conversations of other women on the ward and learn they had a much worse diagnosis than me – maybe terminal cancer – and that’s when I’d feel down.” She added: “I think my strategy, so that I can stay stable while I’m on chemotherapy, is just to get on with it and try and not let it beat me mentally. “I need to sort of tackle it head on, because that’s how I cope with things, but I understand everyone’s different.” On living with cancer, Adele said: “Following people on social media who were going through treatment and sharing their stories really helped me. “People who were living their life – truly living with cancer. And that wasn’t something I’d really seen before my diagnosis. “On TV, stories often portray the sad side of cancer, which definitely exists. But I didn’t realise how much I’d still be able to do. “I can go running, I can swim, I can still do my show on Radio 1.” Read the full Adele Roberts interview in the June issue of Women’s Health UK, on sale from May 24, 2022, also available as a digital edition.