Foxes can be a nuisance in the garden, digging up plants, burying objects and breaking fences. Fans of lifestyle and cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their solutions for ousting foxes from gardens. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Her fans have created their own gardening groups on social media in the influencer’s name where they share handy tips and tricks on all things gardening. On one such group, Facebook user Caroline Brown asked: “Looking for some advice. “My neighbour next door but one doesn't take care of their garden as such we are getting foxes in our garden. “I love them but they are damaging and destroying my nice garden. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways “I’ve blocked off gaps to the gravel boards. They also come in over the roofs. “I’m looking for any ideas to keep them out. I have a cat so only want humane deterrent ideas.” Caroline’s post was inundated with more than 110 comments from fellow gardening enthusiasts. The most common response was to use “male urine”.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] Nicola Jane said: “Male urine. Get a male to fill a jug and sprinkle round the garden in watering can. Has worked for me.” Moira Hunter replied: “Men’s urine! We backed onto woods and had awful problems. “Farmer told us this and it works. Get hubby in the garden!” Helen Calver commented: “Mens’ wee scattered around where they go. Works, believe me.” Tracey Searson replied: “Human hair and male urine.” Using male urine to oust foxes from the garden is an old wives’ tale that has been used for years. In fact, the London Wildlife Trust claimed the “wee rumour is true”. They told Time Out magazine: “The strong scent from human male urine (and only male urine) masks a male fox’s pungent scent, and can often force them out.” However, some experts are less certain about the method’s efficacy. Andy Bool, the chief executive of the Mammal Society, said opinions on whether it works or not are “mixed”. He said: “Basically, it depends on the individual fox as to whether it will be effective, and it might only have a temporary effect. “So, probably not the best deterrent, but the idea of trying to deter them with a form of territorial smell is potentially a reasonable one.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for ousting foxes from the garden include using garlic and chilli, human hair and tea tree oil. Allison O'Donnell said: “Try garlic and chilli in a spray bottle well shaken with hot water. “Spray around areas you want them to avoid. “We have had to do this around our seating area too. “Hope it works for you - cheap and more effective than gadgets for us.” Chantelle Halayna replied: “Chilli and cayenne pepper.” Sarah Flecknor said: “Human hair wrapped in tights. “Then put them where the fox is going. Smells of humans so they don’t go there.  “Ask your hairdresser for some.” Jade Tanner wrote: “Tea tree oil sprayed around pots stops them digging them out or lemon juice.” Dawn Eveasham said: “I love foxes but there’s times where I’m growing stuff and don’t want it digging up so I use Silent Roar Lion Manure when needed. “Most of the time I leave them food and we can live happily, but digging is their nature bless, it works for me.”