After clashing with Piers Morgan over Covid, Denise Welch accused him of impacting the nation's health with two years of "anxiety-inducing ranting". Meanwhile, as the drama continues, fans have spotted an image on her Twitter account depicting herself and Meghan Markle. "Just back from the framers. Off to a special home!" she wrote beside the image. The 63-year-old has been a firm advocate of Meghan in the past. In fact, she even tweeted out her frustration when she saw an episode of Loose Women was covering the Duchess of Sussex and Denise hadn't been invited to participate. Drawing her followers' attention to her absence and questioning the reason for it, she then added: "I love the chance to stand up for Meghan!!!!" READ NOW: Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family Piers, on the other hand, stood against her - and his comments about mental health struggles during her time in the Royal Family had led to him refusing to apologise and resigning from his job on ITV's Good Morning Britain. When Denise posted a seemingly taunting photo of herself and Meghan, some Twitter fans were elated. "Thank you Denise, honestly you are literally the best for NOT falling for the 'destroy Meghan' mantra of the right wing media and regal machine!" @charbrown20 exclaimed. Meanwhile @smiythyaslin quipped: "Denise are you trying to annoy Piers lol!"  However, Denise hit back that Piers: "Cared nothing, not one jot about how his constant scaremongering and anxiety inducing ranting impacted the mental health of this nation over the last 2 yrs. Anything for headlines!" She added: "I’ve been a mental health advocate for 33 yrs. He’s put the cause back 20yrs!!!" When she accused Piers of defamation of character, he replied challenging her to sue him. "You’re a nasty piece of work who epitomises the fake #BeKind brigade," he tweeted. "But feel free to sue me, just remember to bring all your book profit receipts." The pair first came to blows back in 2020, when Piers took issue with some of her comments about Covid in the heat of the pandemic. "Dumb, deluded and dangerous Covid-deniers like Denise Welch need to stop being given air time," he exclaimed. “Her idiotic, ill-informed ramblings - from woman who never stops telling us she suffers from mental illness - will cost lives by persuading people to think the virus isn't a threat." However Denise hit back at the time: "Please ask Mr Morgan to show me one tweet, one interview where I have denied Covid?"