Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin said she had discussed a common “disappointment” over the United Nations Security Council during a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida. She claimed the Council “must reform” to ensure that it can become “more effective and more representative”. The comments were made in light of the renewed debate about the power of veto held by the five permanent members of the Council, which includes Russia.    Speaking to reporters, Ms Marin said: “I told Prime Minister Kishida about our plans to possibly apply for NATO membership. “If Finland makes this historical step, it is for the security of our own citizens. Joining NATO would strengthen the whole international community that stands for our common values. “We also discussed nuclear disarmament and the regional situation in Asia. “Japan’s leadership in addressing the tension and in defending international law is important.    “We are very concerned that North Korea will continue its nuclear and missile programme. “With Prime Minister Kishida, we also discussed the general disappointment towards the United Nations Security Council. “The power of veto has been abused. We must reform the Council to become more transparent, more effective, and more representative. “During our meeting, I congratulated Prime Minister Kishida for managing the pandemic. We will hopefully be back to normal soon.” READ MORE: For too long Britain's fate has been in the hands of our enemies [REVEAL]   Ms Marin spoke on Wednesday ahead of Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's expected address tomorrow. Mr Sauli Niinisto is believed to say whether his country, which shares a long border with Russia, will apply to join the NATO alliance. Ms Marin spoke after a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Kishida in Tokyo to discuss peace in Asia and the UN Security Council. Currently, the United Kingdom, the United States, France, China, and Russia hold the power to veto any resolutions put forth by the Council. DON'T MISS: NATO can wipe out Putin's nukes in seconds using £1.4bn system [INSIGHT]Putin warning as 'erratic' leader 'ready to push' Europe over edge [REVEAL]NATO allies: Putin handed boost as Finland hits application block [REPORT]   The UN is now debating whether those five members must justify their invocation of those powers. Moscow used its veto power to immediately block a resolution that called for Russia to remove troops from Ukraine earlier this year. US ambassador to the UN, Linda Thomas-Greenfield said at the time: “We are particularly concerned by Russia’s shameful pattern of abusing its veto privilege over the past two decades.” The latest proposal to introduce justification was put forth by Liechtenstein and is co-sponsored by 50 countries, including the US - no other permanent member has backed the move, though France has reportedly indicated it will support it.  