The four-day extended weekend to mark the seventieth year of the monarch’s reign will kick off with a parade in honour of her official birthday on June 2. The Trooping the Colour parade will see many of the prominent members of the Firm standing out on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the procession on Horse Guards Parade. But as the weekend kicks off, Her Majesty, 96, will deploy these senior royals across the UK for much of the weekend. Prince William, 39, and wife Kate, 40, will make the trip to Wales, visiting Cardiff Castle on Saturday rather than the Epsom Derby. They will “help with some of the final preparations” for the Jubilee extravaganza concert in the Welsh capital at the weekend, Buckingham Palace said. They will also meet the stars of the event, including Bonnie Tyler as the royal couple “learn more about the technical production underpinning the show, including lighting, sound and visual effects, before helping with some of the final preparations for the concert”. The Princess Royal will head north of the English border into Scotland, with her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence in tow. Princess Anne’s partner will join the Princess Royal, 71, in Edinburgh on Friday. The couple will tour parts of Edinburgh Zoo and join a host of local schoolchildren for an animal handling experience. Princess Anne will also visit the HMS Albion, meeting the ship’s crew, as well as cutting a cake made in honour of the Jubilee. READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' She will conduct an inspection of a Guard of Honour and speak with representatives of the Queen’s patronages in Scotland. The Earl and Countess of Wessex will journey across to Northern Ireland for a Jubilee-themed arts and crafts session. A royal source told the Mirror: “It is important for the family to get out to see as many people as possible as part of the jubilee celebrations which will hopefully be enjoyed by millions across the country.” But all working royals are expected to watch the Queen’s birthday parade from the Palace in central London, including the Duke of Duchess of Sussex. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned of 'Sussex bomb' at Platinum Jubilee [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [REVEAL] It will be Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s first official trip back to the UK together since they split from the Royal Family back in 2020. They will bring the couple’s two children, Archie and Lilibet, with them across the Atlantic for the celebrations, a spokesperson confirmed. They added that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were “excited and honoured” to make their return for the Jubilee, which will be young Lilibet’s first trip to the UK and coincide with her first birthday. However, they will not count themselves among the royals who will take their places at the Palace for Trooping the Colour. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said the Queen, “after careful consideration”, had decided to limit those enjoying the parade from this prominent position to working members of the family only. However, it is thought the Duke and Duchess will join the Royal Family for a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral the following day. The Queen’s attendance at Jubilee events will not be confirmed until the day, the palace said last month, as the monarch battles mobility issues.