Washing clothes may feel like a never-ending chore in many households across the UK. According to findings by The Energy Savings Trust, it's estimated that “wet” appliances such as washing machines and dishwashers account for nearly 10 percent of a typical household’s energy bills. The actual cost of running your washing machine depends on how often you use it, as well as the energy efficiency rating of your appliance. For example, if a D-rated 9kg washing machine uses 0.76 kWh per cycle on average, each cycle will cost roughly 23p on average. Over a year of 270 cycles, that’s a cost of £62.10. However, doing less laundry simply isn't an option for many households, and buying a more energy-efficient machine may be out of budget. But that doesn't mean there aren't some "simple" changes you can make while doing your laundry to save money on your annual energy spend. Marc Robson, a smart energy expert at British Gas, told Express.co.uk: “Every time I visit a customer, they’re surprised when I tell them how much they can save by making a few easy adjustments around the home. "And it doesn’t just help them reduce their bills – it’s good news for the environment, too.” READ MORE: Wallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' Research by sustainable cleaning brand smol found that "almost half of Britons run their washing machine less than full at least once a week." Paula Quazi, sustainable cleaning expert and co-founder of Smol told Express.co.uk: "If every UK home did just one less load of washing each month, we would save the equivalent of heating 43,000 UK homes, for a year. "As well as the massive savings to be made on energy, one less load of washing a month would result in 15.6 billion litres of water saved and carbon emissions cut by 120,000 tonnes." Luckily, there is an easy way to determine whether your washing machine drum is full. Ms Quazi explained: "There is a simple and handy trick to tell if your washing machine’s drum is full - you simply need to leave a palm’s width between the top of your laundry and the drum. "Any less than this and the washing won’t have room to clean but more space means you’re not fully-loaded." DON'T MISS‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [COMMENT]Stamp duty shock as house prices in UK rocket [REPORT]Energy bills: ‘Easy adjustments’ on appliances to save ‘over a £1,000' [INSIGHT] According to experts, you don't necessarily need to ramp up the temperature on your wash in order to give your clothes a good clean. Mr Robson, of British Gas, told Express.co.uk: "Running your washing machine on a 30-degree cycle instead of using higher temperatures and limiting your usage can save around £28 on your annual bill." Ms Quazi added: "Good laundry detergents today are effective at low temperatures. " Bio laundry detergents, for example, contain enzymes that break down common stains that would denature at higher temperatures. "Which? found that switching to 30C could reduce costs by £13 a year, and turning it down to 20C can save £24." Despite this, smol's research found that only a fifth (19.3 percent) of Britons wash at an energy-saving 30 degrees less than 25 percent of the time. Ms Quazi said this shows "there’s still much to be done to encourage people to save money and energy by regularly washing at a lower temperature." Some washing machines have an "eco" setting, which does all of the energy-saving work for you. However, even if yours doesn't, Ms Quazi shared an easy way to take savings into your own hands. She said: "It is important to get to know your machine in order to wash well. You want the shortest, coolest, and lowest water cycle which unfortunately is not always the option labeled ‘Eco’. "Looking up the manual for your machine and figuring out the most efficient use of water and energy is another surefire way to save some extra pennies." Another tip to reducing your energy spend is simply by doing less laundry. This doesn't mean leaving smelly or stained clothes to fester though. Ms Quazi explained: "The best way to save energy on your laundry is simply not to do it. Or rather, not to do it unnecessarily. "Almost one in five frequently or regularly wash their clothes when they aren’t noticeably dirty. "For the most part, unless it's underwear or doesn’t pass the 'sniff test', your clothes don’t need washing after wearing. "Instead, you can hang clothes up at the end of the day or even refresh with steam to get more wear out of your clothes before they need a wash." If you have noticed a stain on a top, try to tackle it with a "spot clean" before restoring to the washing machine. Ms Quazi told Express.co.uk: "You should act quickly when you spot a stain to help make it easier to remove. "Use a damp cloth to dab away as much of the stain as possible - here it can be a good idea to work from the reverse side of the fabric to avoid potentially pushing the stain deeper into the fibres. "For some stains, like mud, you can let the area dry and brush it off at a later point."