Lewis Hamilton was left less than impressed with the purpose-built Miami International Autodrome track after Friday's two practice sessions. Drivers got their first taste of action on the new track yesterday with a host of spins and crashes in both FP1 and FP2. Valtteri Bottas and Carlos Sainz sent their cars flying into the walls while a number of drivers were forced to abort several laps after exceeding track limits. The chicane for turn 14/15 in particular has caught many drivers out with race officials designing the corner to generate mistakes. It will likely be a major talking point in Sunday's race with several drivers complaining about the chicane. And Hamilton has joined his fellow drivers in criticising the corner, stating race organisers should be able to build flat roads. “It’s kind of crazy,” Hamilton said after practice on Friday. “In this day and age, they should be able to make a flat road relatively easy but there are fricking big. big bumps in so many places where the track joins up somewhere else. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton faces severe penalties if he defies FIA's jewellery ban  “I don’t know if they’ll be able to grind that overnight and improve it but otherwise it’s quite nice to drive except for the chicane, that might be…I don’t want to put that quote out there. I’ll hold onto that. But it’s so tight. It reminds of being in a B&Q car park when I was six, seven years old in a go-kart going in between cars. “It’s a corner that maybe in the future they can remove and it will improve the track. McLaren driver Lando Norris doesn't feel like the current track layout will be "great for racing". DON'T MISS  He said: “It’s very bumpy in some places, which we were not expecting. I think everyone was expecting it to be very smooth and beautiful. But it’s not. “The surface is very tricky, you go off-line anywhere and it’s pretty much game over, you spin, you end up in the wall. It’s punishing. That’s why you’ve seen a lot of people ending up in the barriers. If you go off-line, it’s just terrible. I’m hoping they can do something a little bit better. I don’t know what. “When they clean the track, it helps, like this morning there was a lot of marbles and stuff and as soon as you went off-line it was game over. In FP2 it started better but then as soon as there was a little bit of marbles, it was terrible. It’s not going to be great for racing."