Anne Robinson, 77, has announced her departure from Countdown, expressing a desire for a woman older than herself to be her replacement. However co-star Nick Hewer appeared not to take too kindly to Susie Dent tweeting to wish her well as he made a cheeky quip. The star of Countdown Dictionary Corner, who has held her position for 30 years, had taken a break from her lexicography to write: "Some Countdown news. "Wishing Anne all the very best in her new adventures with her grandchildren and beyond." However Nick almost immediately accused her of brown-nosing after she sent the tweet. "Well that’s a sure fire certainty for Private Eye’s OBN [Order of the Brown Nose] award. Bravo Susie!" he quipped sarcastically. READ NOW: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update In November, it was reported that there had been arguments behind the scenes between Anne and maths whizz Rachel Riley, including alleged battles over wardrobe budgets. However Anne was quick to insist that it had played no part in her departure from the show. "There isn't a question of my going because of a rift, that's nonsense," the often acid-tongued host exclaimed, adding that she'd "had a blast" on the show. "I stayed longer than I signed up for. Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins," she explained. "I hope I've encouraged TV bosses to realise not all women at the wrong end of their 70s are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks," she added in a statement. The former The Weakest Link host added that her grandchildren and home in New York were currently "more deserving" of her attention. She added that her mental agility is continuing to improve aged 77, sharing that she can now complete an anagram at twice the speed that she managed last year. Anne will still appear on screenings of Countdown until the summer season. DON'T MISS: Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST]  Her replacement on the show is yet to be revealed. Nick, 78, who has also played the role of Alan Sugar's adviser on The Apprentice, appeared to disapprove of Susie's tweet wishing Anne the best for the future. However, according to some of Susie's followers, he wasn't the only one to take issue with the sharp-witted and straight-talking presenter. "I've not watched anything she's been in since she asked what the Welsh were for," @SheilaDuers retorted. Meanwhile @motosunburn concurred: "I'm afraid I've no time for her since she stepped up to defend Robert Maxwell." @SuzieDenim bluntly added: "Her caustic comments will not be missed." @eggydood chimed in: "I'm afraid I'm not a huge fan of Robinson, partly because she actively supports fox hunting and partly because, well...let's just say she's not my cup of tea." Meanwhile, some fans wondered whether Susie or Carol Vorderman could step up in the future to host the show - and the latter has since tweeted that it would be an "honour". Carol was one of the most highly paid women in Britain during her previous stint on Countdown as a maths whizz, when she hosted for 26 years. She has also been a source of support for Anne since she revealed she was quitting the show, exclaiming: "Awwwww.....lovely Countdown Hope you enjoyed it immensely Anne."