Frank Lampard has been charged by the Football Association for his post-match Merseyside derby comments in which he appeared to suggest Liverpool would have had a penalty if Mohamed Salah had gone down instead of Anthony Gordon. The Everton boss left Anfield incensed that his side had taken nothing from the game despite a spirited performance, as he bemoaned several of Stuart Attwell's decisions.  Everton starlet Gordon was booked for diving after tumbling over Naby Keita's outstretched leg before he later went to ground in the second-half following a collision with Joel Matip in the Liverpool penalty area. "It’s a penalty in the second half for us. I don’t think you get them here," said Lampard in his post-match press conference. "If it’s Mo Salah at their end, he gets a penalty. I’m not trying to create a conflict here, it’s just the reality of football sometimes. "Maybe I’ve played at clubs when we’re in the top reaches of the league, the crowd is behind them and you get them or you don’t. READ MORE: Everton receive police request over Richarlison flare incident as FA 'pause' investigation "For me, for sure, it was a penalty on Anthony. It’s a foul and you don’t get them here. "I think they are open to it now but it is gone. It is a disappointment, in the cold light of day I think it is a penalty." After writing to Lampard and asking him to explain his comments, the FA have now confirmed their decision to charge him. A regulation and discipline update read: "Frank Lampard has been charged with a breach of FA Rule E3 in relation to post-match media comments that he made following Everton FC's Premier League match against Liverpool on Sunday 24 April 2022.  "It is alleged that the manager's comments constitute improper conduct as they imply bias and/or attack the match referee - or referees generally - and/or bring the game into disrepute contrary to FA Rule E3.1. "Frank Lampard has until Monday 9 May 2022 to provide a response." Jurgen Klopp was less sympathetic on the incident and he questioned whether Gordon should have been shown a second yellow for diving. The Liverpool boss told Sky Sports: "It [the second] was clearly no penalty.  "He's really good but he's lucky not to get a second yellow. The first was not a penalty and the second wasn't." Everton are currently 18th in the Premier League table but they can climb above both Burnley and Leeds with a victory in their game away at fellow strugglers Watford on May 11. The games are now coming thick and fast for the Toffees, who also face Leicester, Brentford, Crystal Palace and Arsenal before the end of the campaign.