Tennis great Roger Federer led the tributes to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga as the Frenchman made his way toward the tennis exit and into retirement. Tsonga, 37, brought down the curtain on a terrific 18-year career when he lost 6-7(6), 7-6(4), 6-2, 7-6(0) to Casper Ruud in the first round of the French Open on Tuesday. The former world No. 5 made his Grand Slam debut at Roland Garros in 2005 and ended his playing days back on home soil, albeit not in the fashion he might have wanted. Tsonga never managed to win a major in almost two decades as a professional, though the 2008 Australian Open runner-up did seal 18 ATP Tour titles along the way. He and Federer clashed on 18 occasions, the most recent of which saw the Swiss emerge as victor at the 2019 Halle Open in Germany. The pair were formerly well-acquainted on the Tour and faced off eight times in 2011 alone, seemingly giving Federer a deep respect for his fellow seasoned star. "Congrats Jo Willy on an epic career," the 20-time major champion wrote via Twitter. "It was a pleasure to share the court with you. So many great memories." READ MORE Rafael Nadal's French Open opponent opens up on 'relentless pressure' of facing Spaniard  The two talents first met on-court at the 2008 Madrid Masters, where Federer waltzed to the win in straight sets. Six of their encounters took place at major tournaments, with Tsonga's only two Grand Slam wins coming at Wimbledon (2011) and the French Open (2013). “I always said one of my goals was to inspire kids, inspire other people. I hope I did that during my career,” Tsonga told ATPTour.com as he reflected on his career. “I have been inspired myself by other sportsmen and I know how you feel. I know how you feel when you are a fan of somebody or you admire somebody. It’s a nice feeling.” DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic 'not looking forward to' facing ex-coach Marian Vajda at French Open Benoit Paire unleashes on ATP over Wimbledon and accuses them of 'defending Russia' Daniil Medvedev weighs in on Wimbledon penalty and 'strange' Novak Djokovic situation  World No. 1 Novak Djokovic referred to Tsonga as a "really nice guy" and "one of the most charismatic players ever." Rafael Nadal echoed a similar sentiment and said he was sad to see his old adversary retire as he "brings a lot of positive things to our sport." “Hey Jo, I just wanted to send you a quick message to wish you a happy retirement and also to congratulate you on an amazing career," added Andy Murray as part of a video tribute shown to Tsonga following his last match. "You’ve achieved so much with so many highlights, you’ve been a great ambassador for the sport. I always loved watching you play and competing against you so you’re gonna be sorely missed. All the best mate.”