Newcastle have been told they will need to stump up an irresistible bid if they are to sign Sporting Lisbon midfielder Gonçalo Inacio this summer, with the club looking to spend big following their takeover earlier this season. The Magpies, who spent £90million in January, have risen from relegation favourites to mid-table solidarity under Eddie Howe. The Englishman bought the likes of Bruno Guimaraes, Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood and Dan Burn in the winter window to strengthen their cause and escape relegation. More signings are expected in the summer, with defensive targets especially being sought after. And after making a bid of £25million for Inacio, the Magpies have been told their offer is unacceptable according to O Jogo - with an 'irresistible' bid having to be made if they are to land their man. After attempting to sign him in January, Newcastle could be preparing a fresh bid to sign him in the coming months. The publication suggests that it will not be easy to persuade the Portuguese giants to part with their star, with the Lisbon-based side wishing to keep him. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Last year's Primeira Liga champions will 'do everything they can' to keep him for another year, meaning 'only irrefutable offers' will be considered. And with a £40m release clause, it could well be that they are holding out for that fee. Howe previously spoke out about potentially letting players go. “I think every summer I’ve been in management, I’ve had to make difficult decisions at the end of the season," he said. “Players that you love and have a great relationship with, sometimes have to leave for the benefit of the team. This season will be no different. I’m sure there’ll be players that will move on, who have represented the club in a brilliant way.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The Magpies have been linked with stars such as Darwin Nunez, Jesse Lingard and Marcus Rashford ahead of the summer window. How much they will spend is anybody's guess, but they are expected to strengthen to the point that European football is a genuine possibility. And with Inacio potentially joining, his signing could see them take a giant leap towards that eventuality.