Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) has faced heartbreak in recent years on NCIS after it was revealed in season 18 that his wife Breena (Michelle Pierce) had died of Covid. Heading into season 19, the CBS series favourite began focusing his time on his work and looking after his daughter Victoria (Elle Graper) - that was until his friendship with new agent Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) began to blossom into something more. The pair have been toying with the idea of going official ahead of the season 19 finale and now, Dietzen has teased a key moment which foreshadowed Jimmy was able to move on romantically. Discussing the penultimate episode of season 19 which threw Jimmy and Knight into the spotlight, Dietzen admitted it didn’t come as a “total surprise” that the two characters and their bond would be explored. “Obviously, I've spoken with our producers and with people at the network on, ‘Hey, could there be something potentially between these two characters?’” Dietzen admitted. He then explained how an earlier episode - which he actually co-wrote - laid the groundwork for Jimmy to move on. In the episode in question, Jimmy and Kasie (Diona Reasonover) had been exposed to a deadly toxin and the team faced a race against time to save them. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Who plays Agent Parker's ex-wife Vivian Kolchak? Of course, the team prevailed and Jimmy and Kasie survived but with the ordeal taking place when Jimmy had brought his daughter to work, it hit home even more. “Jimmy got to the place where he said, ‘I need to move on for the sake of my daughter,’” Dietzen said of Jimmy’s reaction to the ordeal. But pinpointing the moment Jimmy foreshadowed his openness to find love again, Dietzen added to Entertainment Tonight: “By the end of the episode, Jimmy hangs up his ring as a lot of widowers do, at a time that feels right to them. “For Jimmy, it was about a year after the death of his wife. He said, ‘It's time for me to move on and be more present to my daughter.’ But I think it also opened up the doors for him to say, ‘I can find happiness again.’” And while the pair are taking things slowly as NCIS approaches its 19th season finale, Dietzen did tease there was “more to come” regarding their relationship. In fact, the NCIS star confirmed fans would get answers in the last episode so they’re not left on tenterhooks until season 20 rolls around. So will fans finally get a happy ending between two of the show’s biggest characters given how many failed romances have graced the show in recent years? After all, former leading man Gibbs (Mark Harmon) failed to cement a romantic tie before his exit - although it wasn’t without trying. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposedNCIS Hawaii finale theory: Jesse death 'sealed' after explosive clueDavid McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? Gibbs and Jack Sloane (Maria Bello) had a will-they-won’t-they bond right until her exit in season 18. In the end, it had to end with a kiss as she decided to leave for Afghanistan in an effort to do good. And then there’s Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Ellie Bishop’s (Emily Wickersham) romance that never was when she departed at the end of season 18. Fans will have to wait until the season 19 finale to find out for sure but judging by the episode’s synopsis, it’s going to be unmissable. The plot from CBS reads: “When Agent Parker is framed for murder, the team puts their jobs and lives on the line in order to buy time and uncover the truth.” But will the team discover some unwelcome truths about their new leading man? Fans will also get to meet his ex-wife Vivian Kolchak (Teri Polo) for the very first time. NCIS season 19 concludes on CBS in the USA on May 23. New episodes arrive on Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.