Nick Knowles’ ex-wife Jessica Rose was “blindsided” when the DIY SOS star filed for divorce back in 2016, after nine years of marriage. Nick admitted he “regretted” the way their relationship ended. Nick, 58, and Jessica, 32, first got married in 2012, but they announced the sad news they had separated in 2016. The couple, who have a 26-year age gap, share a seven-year-old son named Eddie. While finalising their divorce, Nick told HELLO!: “We've tried several times to get back together, but no matter how much you love someone, if you’ve burned some bridges, it's very difficult to rebuild them. “I'm at a stage now where, if Jess found somebody who looked after her and made her happy, I'd be happy for her." READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims However, Jessica told the publication she had been “blindsided”. Nick added that he “wanted the best” for his ex-wife, adding that it “hurt” that their romance didn’t work out. Eventually, he admitted he wished he had done things differently. "I'll hold my hands up and say I got some things wrong, but I’ll never stop caring for Jessica," he said. "She's the most beautiful person with the biggest heart and I regret very much some of the things that have happened and the fact we haven't been able to make it work. But it’s time to move on." The pair had already split up once before, but had managed to give things another go while Jessica battled cervical cancer and Nick supported her. But months later, they realised their union simply wasn’t going to work. Nick has previously explained that his romances were often marred by his busy work commitments. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claimsJane Fonda, 84, admits her 'favourite ex-husband' became a 'handful'Victoria Beckham shares her heartbreak over family's 'new chapter' "My relationships have pretty much followed a pattern,” he said in 2008. "They last six months and start off with me explaining that I work a lot, so will have commitment issues. "The women involved agree that that is fine, then after a month I get a phone saying 'This isn't on'. "After three months we split up, then get back together. After five, there's another tussle. At six it's all off." Nick is currently dating Katie Dadzie, 31, after meeting her at Eddie’s playgroup. He was forced to hit back at cruel trolls who sent him abuse over their age gap relationship and accused Katie of being after his money. "The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs three businesses, is a mother of two and is wealthier and more successful than me,” he wrote on Twitter. “And she is intelligent and independent, unlike the abusive trolls attacking her.”