Springwatch star Michaela Strachan, 56, has reminisced about the vibrant fashion sense of her long-time co-presenter, Chris Packham, 61. Chris’ unique style has caught the attention of viewers over the years, but there is one look in particular that stands out to Michaela. Chatting to Express.co.uk and other press, Michaela recalled: “When we used to do The Really Wild Show together, Chris still had a very interesting style.  “I so remember doing the voiceover for one of the games that we were doing or something, and he had a black leather waistcoat on.”Chris swiftly chimed in: “Plastic!” Assuring that the waistcoat was not made from real leather.Michaela went on: “Ok, plastic, a black plastic waistcoat, and he said, ‘Why didn’t you tell me how camp I looked in that?’ READ MORE:A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie “I did Chris, at the time.  “It just goes in one ear and out of the other.  “Not that there's anything wrong with looking camp, but he did look particularly camp.  “He looked like he was about to burst into the YMCA. “So, we do tell you Chris but you don’t listen and then you blame us when you look back at it and you go, ‘Oh my word, what was I wearing!’”During the interview, Chris’ stepdaughter Megan McCubbin, 27, was also quizzed about what she thinks of his fashion.She confessed: “I’m always shocked when he comes downstairs."Increasingly so as he has gotten older. DON'T MISSPaul O'Grady's heartbreak as he's forced to give pet dog away[LATEST]Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow[PICTURES]Michael Douglas, 77, unveils ageless appearance alongside son Dylan[INSIGHT] “I went round a couple of weeks ago for a glass of wine and these colourful pyjamas came out."They were quite astonishing.”Megan added that while Chris has an “interesting sense of style”, she states that “most of it is really good”.It comes as Springwatch has returned for another series. Chris, Michaela and Megan are back with Iolo Williams to explore wildlife across the country.The nature programme will be on screens for the next three weeks from Monday to Thursday. In the coming days, Megan will be enjoying a road trip across the North of England. Meanwhile, Chris and Michaela will be back at Wild Ken Hill in Norfolk as Iolo returns to the Isle of Mull. Springwatch airs on BBC Two at 8pm.