 Meghan and Harry are set to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex expected to join the Royal Family at several events during the special four-day weekend, including the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said the couple were “excited and honoured” to attend the monarch’s Jubilee celebrations. It’ll mark the first public engagement both Meghan and Harry have attended since their exit from the Firm two years ago.  Meghan and Harry have kept a relatively low profile and have rarely been photographed in California, where they now reside. They were recently spotted at a polo tournament in Santa Barbara, causing a frenzy amongst royal watchers. Hollywood Raw’s Adam Glyn has claimed the couple desire a low profile within the press, but will eventually need the media to “elevate their careers”. Mr Glyn spoke to royal expert Kinsey Schofield on this week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast. Speaking about Meghan and Harry’s media presence, he said: “From what I’m seeing right now, I do think they’re [Meghan and Harry] hanging low, but I think that it is strategic. “I do think eventually they’re going to need the media to elevate their careers since they’re not involved with the Royal Family anymore. “But I do think that they really are hanging low — we don’t see many photos of them anymore. He added: “And if you don’t want to be seen, you won’t be seen.  “They stay out of the way, they’re only seen when they go to a big event. “So I think they’re backing up what they said they were going to do, for now.” In the lead up to the Queen’s highly-anticipated Jubilee celebrations, it was widely speculated that Harry and Meghan would not attend the weekend of festivities. Earlier this year, it emerged Harry had brought a judical review against the Home Office decision over police protection for his family while in the UK. DON'T MISS Queen's 'extraordinary plan' to rekindle nation's love for Andrew [REVEAL] Princess Anne and Sophie Wessex could be 'overshadowed' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice 'collateral damage' in Prince Andrew row [REPORT] He has previously claimed he “does not feel safe” bringing his two children — Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet Diana, 11 months — to his home country. Following Meghan and Harry’s surprise visit to the UK in April, it was reported the couple had been invited to join the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace balcony for the iconic scene during Trooping the Colour. However, soon after, the Palace issued a statement saying that only working members of the Firm would join the Queen on the balcony — excluding the Sussexes and several other royals. A few minutes after the Palace’s announcement, it was confirmed the Sussexes will be returning for the Jubilee with their children.  Camilla Tominey, associate editor at The Daily Telegraph, has since claimed that the timing of the Sussexes’ confirmation was “more than coincidence”. Speaking during The Telegraph’s Royal Insight on Thursday, she said: “The timing of the Sussexes saying that they would come for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations has been interesting. “What happened in the first instance was: Buckingham Palace released a statement saying that the only people that would end up on the Palace balcony were those who were still working members of the Royal Family — notably not Harry and Meghan. “We then got a statement issued from their people in LA saying well actually they are going to come. It seems as if the timing is more than coincidence. “This idea that initially Buckingham Palace is trying to control the narrative, then the Sussexes are trying to control it.” The family will reportedly stay at their former royal residence, Frogmore Cottage, during their stay in the UK. According to The Sun, “heightened security measures” are already being implemented ahead of their arrival. It is the first time that the family of four have returned to the UK together since 2020. Lilibet, who was born in June last year, has never visited and the Jubilee celebrations will mark the first time Queen Elizabeth II will meet her namesake.