Prince Harry has long had an uneasy relationship with the media. He grew up aware of the impact the intense interest had on the life of his mother, the late Diana, Princess of Wales. Despite this, since Meghan Markle and Harry finalised their royal exit with a move across to the states, the Duke of Sussex has used the press to his advantage and has wanted to "blabber to the press" about his experience of and thoughts on the British monarchy, according to Tina Brown. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia, the royal author discussed Harry's contradicting attitudes towards the media. 60 Minutes Australia host Liam Bartlett said: "He's a strange mix, isn't he, on one hand, he has this pathological hatred of the press and on the other hand, he's quite happy to use them to seal the entertainment deals, to do the headline interviews, to promote his book". Ms Brown said: "It's certainly a paradox, that a man who kept saying all he wanted was privacy, now can't seem to stop talking. "I think that is baffling to his family". She added: "In fact, one of the things, I heard constantly from within the Royal Family, people, they said, like we don't recognise Harry. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment - Netflix 'evaluates' deal "We don't understand, you know, why he's doing this, we don't understand it". Ms Brown continued: "It is kind of baffling, it's almost as if suddenly liberated from, you know, all the constraints that he's been in, he just simply wants to blabber everything that's on his mind. "I think it's very destructive". Speaking on the voiceover, Mr Bartlett said that there is a fear within the palace that there is "a lot of his mother in Prince Harry". Ms Brown said: "In some ways, I mean, Harry's taken up the legacy of Diana, it seems, to kind of lob these grenades at unexpected moments". READ MORE: Prince Charles and Camilla's Canada tour cut short by Trudeau 'Slap in face to monarchy' In March 2021, Harry and Meghan Markle sat down for an "explosive" tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. During their interview, Meghan and Harry accused an unnamed member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. This comment left Winfrey opened-mouthed. Other revelations in the interview included Harry's admission he had become estranged from his father, the Prince of Wales, saying "I feel really let down". DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Last month, Harry also sat down with NBC Today for an interview. The interview had mostly been set up for the Duke to talk about the Invictus Games, but during the interview, Harry made some comments that sparked controversy. "I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her", Harry told interviewer Hoda Kotb. It has not been confirmed who Harry was referring to when he made this comment.