The Repair Shop presenter Jay Blades, 52, talked about the secret of the BBC show's success. The emotional programme sees everyday people bringing in their most cherished items to be restored back to the way they once were, and each episode is a tearjerker. Jay fronts the series and explained why sustainability is a big part of the show, warning "we can't keep throwing stuff away". Talking about why the show is so popular, Jay pointed out that community is at its heart. "A community of experts, people sharing their stories," he explained. "And people who just love the show. It also speaks to the crisis of sustainability. "We can’t keep throwing stuff away at this alarming rate, thinking this planet is indestructible. "If you’re not making something that can be repaired, why are you making it? It’s just going to go to landfill." Speaking to Radio Times, Jay also talked about the MBE he recently received. Referring to how his co-stars on The Repair Shop reacted, Jay joked he was being treated differently. "Obviously, they’re all saying they have to bow and have to call me sir now," he remarked. "I tell them I’m still just normal Jay, but I do need a slice of Victoria sponge and a cup of tea every day at 11am." Jay recently spoke to Express.co.uk and shared some secrets from the series. "Nothing does go wrong," he stated, talking about the scary element of caring for someone's most cherished possession. "I think every expert as soon as they take it, they feel the weight of the family's history in the item that they're holding. "So no one else is allowed to touch the item apart from them. "And that's just a rule that we have with all the experts. "If you're going to touch someone's item - one, you have to ask them. "And two, they're more than likely going to say no, so there's no point asking." It came as Jay had described how it felt to have someone leave such a personal item in the repairer's trust. He explained how some of the items brought in haven't been touched by anyone outside of the family in 100 years "It feels very personal, we are all honoured to actually have people allow us to take part in that," he commented. "Because you have to think if you've got let's say, four million people watching the show, as soon as they walk through the door, we have to make them feel comfortable and secure. "So they can then express what they might not have told anyone." The Repair Shop continues on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.