Simon O'Brien, who hosts Great House Giveaway on Channel 4, visited a four-bedroom terraced property that strangers Daniel, 36, and Peter, 18, were tasked to turn into a liveable state. When Simon, who himself is a property developer, saw the state of the work, he branded it "un-mortgageable".  A clip from the episode, which aired last night, saw Simon shocked by the amount of the house that had been ripped out. The presenter, who was an actor in Brookside in the 1980s, said: "Oh... Oh well, it's not very often I am speechless but this is one of those times. The house has been well and truly gutted... No, demolished, no destroyed... to the extent it's now completely un-mortgageable. The whole first floor has gone." Wales Online details how the show sees two strangers who have never owned a home buy a property at auction, and have a set budget to transform it into a liveable abode to be resold in just six months. If the pair are successful they then get to split any profit made, if not, the house goes back to auction. Daniel and Peter, who'd never met prior to the show, saw the property in Neath, south Wales, go back to auction. The property had been bought for £86,000, but despite Daniel spending a whopping £43,000, the property sold at a mere £82,500, less than it had been bought for initially. Daniel, who works in a food processing factory, finished the project alone as Peter had to drop out. Despite his loss, Daniel still insisted he learnt a lot from the project: "It was good. Obviously from a learning and personal experience, but obviously it was a lot more difficulty than we expected in the beginning. "Each time a hurdle would come along, I'd try and sort of, have a bad day and push myself back up and say 'Oh come on now, you know you can do it' and then obviously one day, I walked in the house, I opened the upstairs door and there was no roof."  Great House Giveaway is into its third series, having started in October 2020. In each episode, strangers work together, with Simon's advice, to transform properties across the UK. Simon, from Garston, Liverpool, has presented other property shows, including My Dream Derelict Home and Find it, Fix It, Flog it.