The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have visited Canada House in London in the buildup to the couple's royal tour of the Commonwealth nation which starts next week. Prince Charles and Camilla were greeted by saluting Canadian Mounties on their arrival alongside a crowd of wellwishers. Camilla sported a red wool Bruce Oldfield dress for the occasion while the Prince of Wales wore a well-tailored grey suit. The royal duo also got a chance to meet and talk with members of the Canadian community in the UK. The upcoming Canadian tour will celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee alongside raising awareness of Prince Charles' long-running sustainability work. Clarence House said in a statement: "The Prince of Wales has long believed that we need to learn from Indigenous Peoples around the world how better we should live in and care for nature and the planet. "Canada is seeing the impact of climate change and so this tour will highlight an emphasis on learning from Indigenous Peoples in Canada as well as a focus on working with businesses to find a more sustainable way of living with global warming." Prince Charles and Camilla's three-day royal tour of Canada will take place from May 17 to May 19. Newfoundland and Labrador will be the couple's first stop before they travel on to Ottawa and later the Northwest Territories. "They will have the wonderful opportunity of seeing first-hand the diversity and kindness of Canadians and the beauty of our abundant natural landscapes that make us proud to call our country home," read a statement released by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  It comes after the Prince of Wales made history when he opened the new session of Parliament alongside the Duke of Cambridge and gave a glimpse of his future role as head of state. In the absence of the Queen, the heir to the throne and Prince William provided a sense of continuity amid the pomp and ceremony, and Charles' reading of the Queen's Speech was a highly symbolic occasion. With the Queen's advancing years, the move has been interpreted as a significant shift in the prince's responsibilities in his role supporting his 96-year-old mother. The monarch reluctantly pulled out on the advice of royal doctors due to her continued mobility problems and delegated her role to the prince and the duke, but watched the proceedings on television from Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS Prince Harry blasted for 'skewering Firm in a thousand ways' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan exit would have gone 'differently' if Diana was alive [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry had to grapple with "lot of disdain' from royal aides [REPORT] The 73-year-old prince sat not on the sovereign's throne, which had been removed, but on the consort's throne, which used to be occupied by his father, the Duke of Edinburgh, and which Charles has used in recent years. A space remained next to him, where the Queen's missing throne is usually located, under the opulent canopy, with the monarch's Imperial State Crown in front on a velvet cushion. On either side of Charles were William, in a morning coat, and Camilla, wearing a day dress and hat, in the Chairs of State. The ceremony was a first for second-in-line-to-the-throne William, 39, who will also one day be king.