GB News host Patrick Christys welcomed ex-Apprentice contestant Navid Sole and professional cleaner Kim Woodburn to 'The Clash' as the pair locked horns over revelations that Number 10 staff had directed “unacceptable” abuse towards cleaners inside Boris Johnson's London residence. Sue Gray's report into parties in Downing Street and Whitehall, which was published ahead of Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, said: “I was made aware of multiple examples of a lack of respect and poor treatment of security and cleaning staff.” Mr Johnson publicly apologised to employees for what he described as “absolutely inexcusable” treatment and said those guilty would be made to say sorry or would be “otherwise dispatched”. However, incidents involving staff inside Number 10 and cleaners also became a topic of conversation for GB News panellists. Mr Sole, a pharmacist and self-proclaimed Nicki Minaj superfan, said: “People don't really look down on cleaners or even helpers. “I think it is more to do with the immense amount of pressure.” The 27-year-old, who had made several other reality TV show appearances on 'Rich Kids Go Skint', ITV's 'Judge Rinder' show and BBC Three's 'Eating With My Ex', added: “I definitely think Boris Johnson, he is the Prime Minister, he is the leader of the country, so he is stressed. “I just think people need to get a thicker skin and not take things so personally. “And, you know what, I just think people just need to take a chill pill and just relax. JUST IN: 'There's a gun on the table' EU 'very anxious' as Brexit tensions rise “It's not personal, he's just having a bad day and we are all humans at the end of the day.” However, Ms Woodburn, who finished runner-up to Italian chef Gino D'Acampo in the ninth series of 'I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here' and ended up in third place on the nineteenth series of 'Celebrity Big Brother', was having none of it. The 80-year-old replied: “You know, young man, who I liked a minute ago, I'm not so keen now.” While Ms Woodburn tore into Mr Sole, the ex-Apprentice contestant and GB News host Mr Christys could not help but chuckle away. After seeing this, Ms Woodburn said: “I'm glad you're laughing dear, I'll have to have a gin, excuse me.” The ex-'How Clean Is Your House?' star then took a swig of her glass of gin. Both guests then interrupted one another but Ms Woodburn commented: “You have said they could be in a bad mood. READ MORE: EU plot to strangle Britain and create 'all-Ireland economy' “Well, tough bloody luck, I'm in a bad mood cleaning their bloody faeces and I don't shout at them. “Don't make excuses at ignorant people because they've got a few bob. “I don't care if you're the Queen of England, you don't speak to your hired help, you don't speak to anybody like that. “So, don't make excuses.” She added: “I'd hate to work for you.” Following the release of the Sue Gray report, four Tory MPs have announced they no longer support the Prime Minister. Julian Sturdy, who supported Mr Johnson in the 2019 Tory leadership contest, and Brexit-backing Basildon MP John Baron were among the more surprising critics. However, several Tory MPs have suggested the Prime Minister will likely see off a threat to his leadership. DON'T MISS'We had to implement them!' Boris forced to justify the rules he broke [REPORT]'Wine spilled on the wall' Four grisly details in the Sue Gray report [REPORT]Tory Party on course to ‘lose next general election’ MP warns Boris [REPORT]