Janice Robinson, 54, is known for her sensational voice and hit song Dreamer from when she was in the group Livin' Joy. The talented singer had a stint on X Factor in 2018, and has exclusively claimed to Express.co.uk that she was "invited" on the show. Janice returned to the stage on the X Factor as a contestant, surprising the judging panel with the revelation that she was the voice and songwriter behind the hit Dreamer. However, according to Janice this was no surprise as she was actually "invited" on the show as they wanted to tell her story 20 years after her hit single. Speaking about her time on X Factor, she said: "I was invited to be on the show. I want to make that clear. "They DM'd me on my Instagram, honey, somebody from Thames TV. I still have the message on my phone. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady "I was asked to be unexpected as they wanted to tell my story, 20 years later and that's how it was presented to me. "And in that moment, I thought, either this is going to be either they're trying to make a fool of a 50-year-old woman, or they are or they want, you know, something shocking, that will make people watch, or they really genuinely want to tell my story," she added. Janice went on to compare talent shows to The Hunger Games movie series. She continued: "I know people love it, but entertainment, and all the competition for me, it becomes this Hunger Games. "We're all living in this Hunger Games type thing, all those talent competition shows because of the severity of how things end in the voting. "I'm telling you it is like modern day Hunger Games. That's just my opinion," she said. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives at ITV for comment, and they refused to comment at the time. The Hunger Games trilogy follows a group of children who have to compete to the death in several challenges to the thrill of viewers. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSTAGRAM] Strictly’s Katya Jones supports Adam Peaty after ‘devastating’ news [NEWS] Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [COMMENT] Janice went on to claim that despite giving people a sense of "hope", talent shows have a "dark side". She continued: "I think talent competition shows and reality shows are wonderful for the public to experience the making of someone, I think it gives people a sense of hope. "It gives people a good feeling to see someone go from obscurity to some type of notoriety. "But there is a dark side to that because in the spotlight you have to have a foundation within yourself, you need to have a sense of yourself. "As once the lights go out you have to navigate your own reality." The Dreamer singer then spoke about how she tried to nurture the young contestants on the show to make them feel better about the daunting world they were going to enter. She revealed: "When I was on X Factor I really tried to nurture the young people. "There was one young lady and I have stayed a part of her life, Shan Iko. She reminded me of a young me, you know, 20 something, and building a career. "And I continue to stay in touch with her and I continue to help her navigate and just have a positive attitude. And she's doing really well." Janice is currently working on a documentary based on her lengthy career in the music industry.