Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has so far failed to deliver the kind of success that officials in the Kremlin would have initially hoped for. Moscow’s forces have been able to establish a land corridor in the South and East of the country. But its attempts to capture the capital, Kyiv, have been successfully repelled, and it has yet to win the ongoing fight in the Donbas region. Since launching its invasion, last February, Russia has been met with much sterner resistance than it faced during the 2014 annexation of Crimea. President Putin’s forces are estimated to outnumber Ukraine by more than three to one. However, much of the country still remains under the control of Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky. Kyiv’s Ministry of Defence has claimed that more than 25,000 Russian soldiers have died during the war to date - something which Russia vehemently disputes.  READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin breaks silence on Putin health fears The Kremlin has said only 1,351 of its forces have died fighting, and has maintained its “special operation” is still going to plan. Russia now controls the port city of Mariupol, but only after weeks of prolonged and brutal fighting. The resistance of the city’s infamous Azovstal steel works fighters has been lauded by officials in Kyiv, who believe it could play a significant role in how the rest of the war plays out. Mykhailo Podolyak, a senior adviser to President Zelensky, said it could even have slowed Russia’s plan to seize control of the Donbas, where the fighting is now centred.  He said: “Azovstal defenders ruined Russia’s plan to capture the east of Ukraine, took a hit on themselves and proved the real combat capability of Ukraine. This completely changed the course of the war.” If Ukraine is to win the war, many analysts have described the battle for the Donbas as a key juncture. Military experts told Reuters they “are wary of predicting who will win” the battle for Donbas. But all agree that it will be “a crucial conflict that will likely be brutal and ultimately define the course of the war”.  DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base [INSIGHT]Serbia turns its back on EU to strike deal with Putin [NEWS]Spain and Portugal break EU ranks to slash energy bills by 40%  [ANALYSIS] In recent days, Ukraine has confirmed that Russian forces are trying to encircle two key cities in the region - Severodonetsk and Lysychansk. Wesley Clark, a former commander in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), said military aid to Kyiv could help to push the war in Ukraine’s favour. He told Radio Liberty: “First of all, you have to defeat the Russian artillery. If you can defeat the Russian artillery right now, they'll never make a breakthrough. “If, when they're pounding cities, you can pound the Russian artillery and destroy it, the cities won't be destroyed. So that's the first thing.  “The second thing they need is, to do that, they need intelligence support. Maybe they get that for themselves through counter-battery radars; they probably don't have enough of them. “Maybe they get some of that from overhead drones. They probably don't have enough of them. “But mostly it's artillery. Lots and lots and lots of artillery, with the ammunition; hundreds of rounds of artillery fired per artillery tube per day." The ex-US military official added that Ukraine will also need supplies to aid its air defence capabilities, including attack helicopters and air to ground assets. Success for Ukraine in the Donbas could force President Putin back to the negotiating table, and even bring a premature end to the fighting. Writing for Sky News, Deborah Haynes, said: “If Ukrainian forces can prevent Russia's soldiers from achieving their objectives in the east, it would significantly strengthen Ukraine's hand in peace talks.” 