Manchester City's Pep Guardiola has missed out on the Premier League Manager of the Year award to Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp, despite City picking up the league title and also the awards for Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year. Kevin De Bruyne and Phil Foden's form was recognised and City beat Liverpool to the league by a point on Sunday to pick up their fourth triumph in the last five years. But Guardiola has not been named the best coach of the campaign in spite of that. The Premier League announced on Tuesday night at a League Managers Association (LMA) event that Liverpool manager Klopp was instead the recipient of the managerial award. The Merseyside outfit finished second on 92 points but won the Carabao Cup and FA Cup and are also in the Champions League final. The German has won the award for the second time after his 2019-20 success while Guardiola had been looking for a fourth accolade, only less than Sir Alex Ferguson (11). He is currently tied on three with Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho. Klopp was the victorious manager from a shortlist that also included Brentford manager Thomas Frank, Newcastle's Eddie Howe and Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira. He said at the ceremony that Liverpool "had a great season" but admitted it "could have been a little better" had they won the league.  He said: "It was a bit nervy, it wasn't the best outcome for us, but we are already over it. And when you win a prize like this you are either a genius, or you have the best coaching staff in the world. I am here with four of my coaching staff, and they know how much I appreciate them." Klopp is the closest any manager has ever come to winning a quadruple. Liverpool are 90 minutes from a cup treble and had Aston Villa drawn with City at the Etihad last weekend, losing 3-2 after having led 2-0, the Reds would've won a 20th league championship. As well as winning the prestigious Premier League award, Klopp was named the LMA Manager of the Year and was personally handed the trophy by Manchester United legend Ferguson. The Red Devils legend laughed as he announced the winner: "This is agony, absolute agony!" City though will not be too disappointed that Guardiola has missed out on the prize after another title-winning campaign. De Bruyne, after a career-best 15 league goals and 13 assists, was named Player of the Year for a second time over Liverpool's Mohamed Salah who scored the joint-most goals and most assists in the English top flight. Foden was named Young Player of the Year for a second successive season to beat Liverpool's Trent Alexander-Arnold, who also sought a second gong but missed out despite almost matching his own record for most assists from a defender in a season (he managed 12, the record is 13). Playmaker Foden played a vital role in City's latest title triumph with nine goals and five assists. Guardiola meanwhile said after another English crown which is his 10th career league title as a manager: "We are legends. When you win the Premier League in this country four times in five seasons it is because these guys are so, so special. We will be remembered. "The magnitude of the achievement is related to the magnitude of our rival and I have never seen a team like Liverpool in my life. Congratulations to Liverpool – they have made us better and better each week."