The BBC Breakfast team were thrilled to announce Carol Kirkwood was engaged on Monday morning's show. Sally Nugent drew viewers' attention to the large rock on Carol's ring finger and near the end of the breakfast show, told the meteorologist there had been hundreds of messages from viewers. Sally and co-host Jon Kay were keen to hear more about the proposal. "I'm still in a daze, I certainly wasn't expecting it," Carol commented. "We were having a picnic, I had absolutely no idea and the weather was glorious. "We were sitting chatting and my other half was a wee bit nervous for some reason, which I didn't know." She continued: "He was fumbling in his pocket and then out came a ring. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue 1612249 "I thought he was joking at first, I didn't believe him. "It was lovely actually, it was quite romantic." As Sally and Jon swooned over the news, Carol told them: "You're making me really embarrassed now." Jon assured her: "Don't be embarrassed! I don't want to worry you, do it all in your own time, and however you want to do it. "But Matt's already sayung he wants to be a pageboy and Nina is coming up with your table plan. But no pressure!" Carol giggled at the thought as she joked: "Brilliant! I have no idea when it will happen, maybe in a few years." "That's basically them saying 'You're invited!'" Jon teased his co-stars. Earlier in the show, Sally broke the news Carol was engaged: "I'm a bit concerned about how you're standing up with a giant rock on that left hand." DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent has head in hands after sharing Carol engagement [VIDEO]Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast [WATCH]Carol Kirkwood begs Dan Walker not to quit BBC in sweet tribute [LATEST] "Thank you Sal! It is rather nice. I got engaged!" Carol confirmed as she flashed her ring and smiled. Sally gushed: "It's the happiest news! We are so, so delighted. Congratulations. "Can we confirm to the nation what has happened?" "Oh thank you! I think you just have Sally," Carol laughed. "We got engaged when we were on holiday. So it's lovely news and we're both thrilled. Thank you!" "We're all so chuffed for you Carol, on behalf of everyone here and everyone at home too," Jon added. The BBC Breakfast studio erupted in cheers and applause as Carol appeared embarrassed by the attention. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am. "We got engaged when we were on holiday. So it's lovely news and we're both thrilled. Thank you!" "We're all so chuffed for you Carol, on behalf of everyone here and everyone at home too," Jon added. The BBC Breakfast studio erupted in cheers and applause as Carol appeared embarrassed by the attention. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.