Moss will become a problem for gardeners at some point and is usually the result of poor growing conditions. Moss is often considered a nuisance weed when its thick mat of tiny green leaves and threadlike stems crop up unexpectedly. Although moss won’t kill lawns, it can leave grass looking blotchy and uneven. Getting rid of moss can be easy on the surface, but the underlying cause needs to be addressed if its growth is to be curbed. Baking soda isn’t just for baking – it’s actually something of a miracle product. Although people know baking soda has a multitude of functions, many may not know that it can be used to get rid of moss. Using baking soda isn’t a long-term solution, however, and you’re going to have to dry out your grass to take care of that. Gardening experts at GoodGrow have shared that using baking soda is an “effective” way to “eliminate” lawn moss. READ MORE: Orchids: How to save a dying orchid - ‘suffers quickly’ They said: “As many would prefer not to use chemicals in their lawns, luckily there are many ways you can naturally eliminate lawn moss. “Applying a mixture made of baking soda and water will make the conditions more acidic, and since moss prefers slightly alkaline conditions, this will help to stop the moss from growing. “This method tends to be effective on small patches of moss, but not on larger areas. “Plus it's natural, so it won't hurt the environment.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Interior: Avoid adding dark wooden accent walls in living rooms [INSIGHT] Before mixing together a baking soda and water mixture, put on some gloves to prevent skin irritation. The gardening gurus explained: “For small amounts of moss, start with three tablespoons of baking soda to one litre of water. “Pour the mixture into a spray bottle and spray it generously until the moss is saturated.” If the moss doesn’t seem to be responding after one or two days, increase the potency. Those who have a large moss issue, it is best using baking soda dry. The experts said: “For larger patches of moss, we recommend lightly sprinkling dry baking soda over the entire patch(es) and then spray a mixture of eight tablespoons of baking soda to one quarter of water. “To save time, you can use a garden sprayer to cover large areas.” Gardeners can apply the solutions described any time of the day, but the experts recommend applying the solution during the late afternoon when it's dry during the winter or spring. Another kitchen staple which can be used to “eliminate” moss is washing up liquid. For small patches, use a garden hand sprayer to mix 70g of dish soap with four litres of water. For larger areas, use 140g of dish soap in nine litres of water for every 1,000 square feet of lawn. Spray the mixture on the patches of moss. Holding the spray nozzle about two inches from the target area and spraying the moss with the solution, drench the moss. The experts added: “The patches of moss will turn orange or brown in 24 hours and eventually dry up. “Dig up or rake out the dead moss. The dish soap will not kill moss at the roots, so remove as much as possible. “The surrounding grass will begin to grow over the patches.”