Alexei Zhuravlyov, a State Duma member, told Russia-1, the nation’s most-watched channel, that Russia cannot keep up with the “new weapons and trained personnel” provided by NATO to Ukraine and neighbouring countries. He went on to say that the war in Ukraine is not a “special military operation”, as Russian officials have repeatedly said, but that it is a “war against the West”.    Mr Zhuravlyov said: “They dragged out all of their old stocks of weapons and they sent it all to Ukraine, but what are they up to? “Currently, in Polish training centres, they’re being trained to use NATO’s newest weapons. What do you think will be stationed there? “We keep destroying what’s there now, we’ll start experiencing problems ourselves, and suddenly new weapons and trained personnel will arrive. What are we going to destroy them with? “Our economy is still not mobilised for war. Nothing is being done! We’re conducting a special military operation, since this is not war, the envelopes are not open.    “Who’s supposed to do what? Nobody knows. Do you think we can keep making Iskanders, several per month? Will we have enough? Of course we won’t, when NATO’s new weapons start to arrive. “We’re conducting a special military operation but I believe this is a war. As everyone can see, as everyone knows, this war is not against Ukraine, this war is against the West. “Scholz is announcing that they can’t accept the terms dictated by the Russian Federation. Who the hell are you, you bastard? “Do you think we will accept your terms? Guess again! If you can’t accept our terms, we will force you! Scholz should know that.” READ MORE: Ukraine war: UK's 'significant' contribution laid bare with £450m arms [LIVE]   Despite Mr Zhuravlyov’s comments, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky made further pleas for more weapons from NATO and the West “without exceptions” in his national address earlier this week. He said: “We need the help of our partners - above all, weapons for Ukraine. Full help, without exceptions, without limits, enough to win.” It comes as NATO reportedly informally agreed to not send tanks or aircraft to Ukraine over fears that it would be viewed by Russia as entering into the war. Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said NATO had done “literally nothing” in the fight against Russia, although he conceded that members of the alliance themselves had offered enormous help. DON'T MISS: Russians in 'denial' over war crimes in Ukraine, recording suggests [REVEAL]Russia 'not interested' in stopping 'atrocities' across Ukraine [INSIGHT] Putin 'just isn't aware of chaos', Russian mother claims  [INSIGHT]  And last night, Zelensky urged the West to stop playing around with Russia and impose tougher sanctions on it to end its "senseless war", adding that his country would remain independent, the only question was at what price. He said: "Ukraine will always be an independent state and it won't be broken. The only question is what price our people will have to pay for their freedom, and what price Russia will pay for this senseless war against us. "The catastrophic unfolding events could be still stopped if the world treated the situation in Ukraine as if it were facing the same situation if the powers that be did not play around with Russia but really pressed to end the war." Zelensky complained about disagreements within the EU on more sanctions against Russia and asked why some countries were being allowed to block the plan.   