Newcastle United manager Eddie Howe is prepared to listen to offers for seven players this summer as the Magpies gear up for a squad revamp. Co-owner Amanda Staveley is set for another busy transfer window, and reports indicate that Howe will prioritise youth and a right-sided forward when given more cash to splash. Howe could be granted licence to have fun this summer after converting a huge January spend into points on the board. When he took over from Steve Bruce the club were in serious relegation trouble, but a remarkable turnaround has left them well clear of danger and with an outside chance of finishing in the top half. Back in January there was a desperate need to spend big to stave off relegation, but with their struggling days seemingly a thing of the past this summer's business could be more considered. In fact, Newcastle have already turned their back on Jesse Lingard due to his age and wage demands, according to reports. For new faces to come in, old ones will have to make way and The Telegraph claim that seven players are on the chopping block. Matt Ritchie, Ciaran Clark, Karl Darlow, Federico Fernandes, Isaac Hayden, Jeff Hendrick and Dwight Gayle could all make way for the right price, and Sean Longstaff could follow with his contract due to expire. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta relays clear response to Jesus rumours and double injury concern Longstaff aside, none of the other seven players have made more than 20 league appearances this season. Prospects of first-team football nosedived for many once a host of big names were signed in January, with Clark and Hayden dropped from the Premier League squad altogether. Despite their peripheral status, Howe will still need a number of new signings to offset the prospective exodus, and one demand he is reportedly set to give Staveley the freedom to inject the squad with youth. Experience was brought in over the winter with the likes of Chris Wood and Kieran Trippier already over 30, and with safety assured the Magpies seemingly believe that they can plan for the future. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [TRANSFERS] Staveley could also be requested to cough up cash for a right-sided forward. Allan Saint-Maximin is already wreaking havoc on the left and Howe has two solid options through the middle in Callum Wilson and Wood, so completing the trio is seen as a high priority on Tyneside this summer. It could therefore be an expensive window for Newcastle, who were taken over by the Saudi Public Investment Fund earlier this season. Their wealth is virtually limitless, and while they are bound by the same financial regulations as everyone else, the Toon are still believed to have plenty of wiggle room.  With relegation trouble now a distant memory, Howe may be able to entice a higher standard of player to St James' Park. Bruno Guimaraes has already set a good example to stars who may be mulling a switch to the north-east, having arrived with a big reputation which has only improved since working his way into the side. It remains to be seen if the Magpies can shift those seven players off the books, and how much cash can be generated in the process, but the owners have deep pockets and big ambitions so the club need to make room for another anticipated wave of arrivals. 