Earlier this month the continuing court case between Amber Heard and Johnny Depp delved into the collapsing movie careers of both stars since their public 2017 divorce. Depp blamed Heard for Disney axing him from the billion-dollar franchise Pirates of the Caribbean after her op-ed in The Washington Post was published. The article claimed he had been physically abusive during their relationship. Heard has since suggested Depp was responsible for her role in Aquaman 2 getting reduced to just "ten minutes". But new information has now revealed it was not Depp's fault and came solely down to Heard's acting. Heard's talent agent, Jessica Kovacevic, testified about the state of the star's career both before and after her split with Depp. In a pre-recorded deposition, Kovacevic said that she believed the public dispute between Depp and Heard had caused the Aquaman 2 role to be reconsidered by Warner Bros. However, she revealed Warner Bros told her it actually came down to "a lack of chemistry" between Heard and Momoa. Ultimately, Warner Bros did not replace Heard from Aquaman 2 but instead cut her part down drastically. She herself said her role was "pared down" to just ten minutes of screen time. Heard said that, despite Warner Bros' reasoning, she blamed her relationship with Depp for the issues. She said: "I had to fight really hard to keep my career ... I lost opportunities. "I got dropped from jobs and campaigns. I fought to keep my job and the biggest movie opportunity I had to date [with] Justice League with the option to [star in] Aquaman. I had to fight really hard to stay in Justice League because that was the time of the divorce." She later said that Warner Bros "did not want to include" her in Aquaman's sequel, The Lost Kingdom. Heard went on to say that she noticed she had lost a lot of screen time in Aquaman 2 when she received a new script. READ MORE: Pirates of the Caribbean star lashes out at 'detested' Amber Heard Heard said: "I was given a script and then given new versions of the script that had taken away scenes that had action in it, that depicted my character and another character - without giving any spoilers away - two characters fighting with one another, and they basically took a bunch out of my role. They just removed a bunch out." Despite being largely removed from Aquaman 2, Heard is still reportedly due to receive the sum of $2 million for her work. Since the public dispute with Depp, Heard has not appeared in any new films or TV shows. She revealed she still has one independent movie in the pipeline, but noted she had been "attached" to it for years. DON'T MISS...Pirates of the Caribbean star lashes out at 'detested' Amber Heard [INFO]Johnny Depp gives fans huge Pirates of the Caribbean return hope WATCHJohnny Depp’s co-star voices support for actor amid Amber Heard trial [INFO] The film in question is called In The Fire, a movie set in the 19th century which follows a young boy with special abilities. Heard plays a woman named Grace Burnham. The actress said of the movie: "I have done one small independent film. I shot a film in Guatemala. It’s a small independent, meaning it doesn’t have distribution or anything; it’s a lower budget film that I had been attached to for many years." Heard's IMDB page shows that she is also in pre-production of another film titled Run Away With Me. At the moment, it does not have a director, but writer Matthew Cirulnick is taking charge of the creative aspects of the film. Run Away With Me's synopsis reads: "An American in Paris falls for a model and the two become intertwined in the criminal underworld of the European modelling industry." Similarly, Depp has also not worked consistently throughout the past few years. His last film was Minamata, which had a delayed release through both 2020 and 2021. He has just entered pre-production on Jeanne du Barry, his first high-budget movie since 2019's waiting for the Barbarians. The Pirates of the Caribbean series is available to watch on Disney Plus now. Aquaman 2 hits cinemas on March 17, 2023. SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE