Manchester United's incoming boss Erik ten Hag is a huge fan of Tottenham striker Steven Bergwijn but the club reportedly have no plans at this minute to sign him in the summer. The Dutchman has been linked to United in recent weeks following Ten Hag's impending appointment at the end of the current season. United are expected to be in the market for a forward given that Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani are all set to leave the club. Having failed to nail down a starting berth in north London, the winger is looking for a fresh start elsewhere in the summer, with a return to Holland on the cards. The Athletic claim United boss Ten Hag is an admirer of Bergwijn but there is 'nothing concrete' about rumours of United's interest in him. Ten Hag has tried to sign him multiple times at Ajax over the course of the last two seasons but seems to be focussing on other targets. Spurs are understood to be willing to sell him and would be looking to recoup the £22million they paid for him back in January 2020. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback And that could be a stumbling block in any potential deal. The publication further details that he will "100 per cent leave" the club in the summer after making it clear he wishes to move on. Bergwijn himself admitted last week that he may have to look for a move away from north London if he is to play regular first-team football once again for club and country. “A place in the starting lineup? Here? I honestly don’t think so,” Bergwijn said. “The attack works well, but I don’t get to play much. A return to the Netherlands would certainly be an option for me. The World Cup is coming. Mr. Van Gaal, the national coach, brought me into the selection last time, even though I didn’t play much.” “Then you come back to the club and you barely play. It is a shame, of course. "In the summer we really have to look for a solution”.  DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback