Paul Pogba’s former team-mate Claudio Marchisio has encouraged the midfielder to return to Juventus and claimed he told him not to rejoin Manchester United in 2016. Pogba’s United contract will expire at the end of June and he has been strongly linked with a move back to Juventus – the club he left six years ago.    Pogba’s £89million transfer from Juve to United was a world record at the time, but the move never really worked out for either party. The 29-year-old midfielder has 39 goals and 51 assists in 233 appearances for United – but those statistics pale in comparison to his tally at Juve, where he played between 2012 and 2016. Those four years, which came after he made the bold move to leave United’s academy, were spent alongside Marchisio in midfield. And the former Italy international has now revealed that he warned Pogba that a move back to Old Trafford, where he spent three years learning the game, would not be in his interest. “He is the player that impressed me the most for the huge evolution that he had in Juventus because he arrived as a boy,” Marchisio told the Daily Mail. “Me, [Arturo] Vidal and [Andrea] Pirlo immediately understood his enormous potential and that's what he showed. JUST IN: Real Madrid's Valverde names Tottenham player when asked who to sign  “We also became friends and as a friend I told him that Manchester United couldn't be the right solution for him, the right choice. Not because of the team – it's a great team – but because of the moment of his career. “In terms of a return to Juventus, as a friend, I would be so happy to see him again at Juventus. It would be good for the club, I would suggest him to come back. But it's up to him and the club to decide.”  DON'T MISS Man City chief rejects Erling Haaland theory as Man Utd claim made Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'wants to sign two RB Leipzig players' Liverpool denied Aurelien Tchouameni as Real Madrid 'seal transfer' According to Italian newspaper Tuttosport, via Football Italia, Juve and Paris Saint-Germain are both exploring the option of signing Pogba on a free transfer when his United deal expires. Juve’s directors are understood to be confident they will get their man, given their strong existing relationship with Pogba and his entourage. Juventus vice-president Pavel Nedved has reportedly been talking to Pogba to try and persuade him to return to the club. The Turin-based club are said to be happy to offer him a three-year deal worth £6.4m (€7.5m) per year. However, PSG would match what he is currently paid by United by putting £11.14m (€13m) per season on the table. Nothing has been decided yet and further talks are planned for the coming days. 