Tottenham will announce goalkeeper Fraser Forster as their first summer signing ‘very soon’, according to reports. Spurs boss Antonio Conte is expecting a busy transfer window after remarkably securing fourth spot in the Premier League. Forster’s contract with Southampton expires on June 30 and he is not expected to renew his terms. That will make him available to be signed on a free transfer the following day. Spurs have made signing a back-up to legendary shot-stopper Hugo Lloris one of their priorities for the off-season. Pierluigi Gollini is not expected to have his loan from Atalanta made permanent. The experienced Forster has a reputation for providing solid back-up. He has largely played second fiddle to Alex McCarthy at Southampton for the last few seasons, although he displaced the former Reading man midway through last season. JUST IN: Paraguay legend unloads on Grealish after 'talking s***' about Almiron Forster is expected to be announced as Spurs’ first summer signing ‘very soon’, according to respected transfer guru Fabrizio Romano. Spurs apparently felt that the 34-year-old was the best No.2 goalkeeper available on the market. That is despite England international Sam Johnstone also becoming a free agent after leaving Championship West Brom. Spurs had been linked with the former Manchester United ace but it appears that Johnstone could seek to become a No.1 at another Premier League club. Signing ex-Celtic favourite Forster will signal Conte’s first foray into the summer transfer window, which is expected to be incredibly busy for the North Londoners as they build a squad capable of competing in the top-flight and in the Champions League. Spurs have qualified for the elite European competition for the first time since the season they reached the final in 2019. DON'T MISS...Jesus transfer to Arsenal or Tottenham: Which club would suit star?Real Madrid's Valverde names Tottenham player when asked who to signGary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate England squad omission January was considered a frustrating month in terms of business, with Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur being the only deals - and they were finally concluded in the last few days of the window. But the pair were crucial to the success under Conte in the second half of the season. Both arriving from Juventus, Bentancur was a permanent addition while the instrumental Kulusevski was acquired on loan. The latter is widely expected to have that deal made permanent this summer. On Tuesday, Spurs announced a £150m cash injection from owners ENIC. Chairman Daniel Levy is prepared to strongly back Conte over the coming months. According to the Daily Telegraph, the Italian has been promised six new signings by Levy in a major move by the club’s hierarchy. Champions League football will also boost their chances of keeping star striker Harry Kane and joint-Premier League top scorer Son Heung-min.