Marks and Spencer is known for its delicious food that’s made from fresh ingredients and perfect for parties. With the Jubilee coming up, the supermarket has launched a vast selection of limited-edition Jubilee party food that’s perfect for the big day. The Jubilee is happening on June 3, 2022 and it’s the perfect occasion to gather friends and family round for a big meal. Celebrate the queen’s 70 years of service and enjoy Marks and Spencer’s new Jubilee party food which is made from British ingredients. But shoppers will need to be quick to order the food, the sandwiches are in demand and orders are selling out fast. Earlier, M&S launched the Jubilee themed Corgi and Connie the Caterpillar and it became incredibly popular on social media. All party foods can be collected in-store for free so that you can have the freshest selections for your party. Plus, everything is already packaged in table presenting packing and ready to eat. In high demand this year is the limited-edition Jubilee Afternoon Tea Sandwich Fingers which has five varieties of sandwich fingers including egg and watercress, roast beef and horseradish mayonnaise, prawn mayonnaise, honey roast ham and farmhouse cheddar and smoked salmon with cream cheese. 20 sandwiches are available in the set and you can order it here for £17.50. Shoppers can also find a vegetarian version which has 20 sandwiches and wraps. This set includes egg and watercress sandwiches, Mexican-style bean and sweet potato wraps and spinach and falafel wraps. Order it here for £15. If you’re having a smaller gathering, order the Jubilee Sandwich Selection, which has 14 sandwiches. Priced at £12.50, enjoy a platter of prawn mayonnaise, egg and watercress, bacon, lettuce and tomato, coronation chicken and cheese and onion sandwiches. The ideal party food, be sure to order it soon so that you can enjoy it on the day of the Jubilee. Plus, you can also order cakes from M&S for the occasion and the Vanilla Naked Cake is the ultimate sweet treat. M&S has also launches special Jubilee-themed alcohol including the Jubilee Ale and the Platinum Jubilee Cocktail Party Picnic Bag. Discover all party food and drink on M&S here.