The Met Office has warned parts of the UK may be hit with "blood rain" this week as heavy thunderstorms mix with a dust cloud blowing across Europe from the Sahara. According to Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle, the strong gusts of wind could leave "properties covered in a blanket of red dust". He said: "It’s important that we take preventative measures where possible." If preventative measures aren't taken, Mr Pawson warned the strong weather conditions could "cause damage to your property", especially windows. According to the Met Office, “blood rain” occurs when a high concentration of red coloured dust or particles gets mixed with rain, giving it a red appearance as it falls. Even if it is not raining, this red dust could be carried in strong winds. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods He explained: "Nature is extremely powerful and when it begins to cause damage to your property, it can become a cause of stress and worry. "During a storm, the strong wind speeds can place huge pressure on your windows, but there are plenty of ways to stop them from letting the gusts in. "First and foremost, you should ensure that there are no obvious entry points." Britons are advised to check the specific weather forecast for their region in preparation. DON'T MISSHow to grow perfect rhubarb: Mark Lane's expert guide - scatter manure [INTERVIEW]First time buyers: New Government plans for smaller deposits explained [EXPLAINER]‘What all the high-end designers do’: How to create a ‘statement’ [COMMENT] Mr Pawson said: “If you know when the storm is predicted to hit your region, take action in advance and don’t leave it to the last minute. "One of the simplest measures you can take to ensure that no wind sweeps into your home is to make sure that every window is sealed and locked shut. "Not only will this stop the cold air from entering your home, but also prevent a dangerous pressure build-up." However, you should not try to use makeshift methods of filling gaps around your windows and doors. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Pawson explained: “You may be tempted to reach for the duct tape to seal up any gaps to stop the dust and gusts of wind from entering, but this doesn’t actually give the windows any extra strength or protection. "It will only mask the existing problem with your window fitting and won't block the winds from entering your home." Residents should also focus on any loose items which may be in their garden and driveway. Sudden gales could lift debris, posing the risk of damaging the front of your property. Mr Pawson said: "Instead, we'd strongly advise that you spend time cleaning up your garden and front drive so that there are no loose items that could potentially be lifted by the strong winds. "It could be anything from loose branches to outdoor items that aren't secured away, such as barbecues and tools. "These items could fly into the glass and cause serious breakage to your windows, or worse lead to injury."