With the warmer weather setting in across many parts of the UK, many may be switching the heating off for good. However, with evenings still fairly chilly, experts have shared top ways Britons can save money on their bills while still using the heating if needed. Daniel Nezhad from UK Radiators, has shared “simple tips” for homeowners to follow in order to maintain an efficient heating system and ultimately, save money on energy bills “all year round”. He said: “Try not to burn your boiler off. The idea of simply turning your boiler off to avoid the heating coming on sounds like a good idea, however, by doing this you’ll also shut off your hot water, so it isn’t advised. “Although boilers need to be left on, you can tweak the settings on your thermostat panel to only provide hot water and not heating. “This way, you will still get hot water throughout the house, but your radiators won’t come on. The downside to switching your system to hot water is that you still want toasty dry towels for your showers and baths throughout the year and if you have a central heating towel rail, you’ll have no choice but to put your heating on. “We recommend that you use the warmer spring months to convert your central heating towel rail to a duel fuller one, you can do this by purchasing a fuel conversion kit.” READ MORE: Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value According to the expert, dual fuel gives you the best of central heating benefits in the winter and then the flexibility and single control in the summer. As the days begin to warm up, it also may be a good idea to reduce the amount of time the heating is on for, especially if not at home. Some days and evenings may still feel chilly, but the expert recommended turning the temperature down to ensure no heat is wasted. Daniel added: “The lower end of 18 degrees is a good temperature to not risk getting too hot as the weather fluctuates. DON'T MISS:How to deter burglars this Jubilee weekend with ‘simple’ £1 deterrent [EXPERT]I tried Astonish’s new cleaning paste - here's the results [PICTURES]Gardening: How to plant the best summer containers [EXPLAINER] “You’ll also save yourself money by having it lower and having to turn it up occasionally as opposed to having it higher and not bothering to turn it down when it gets too warm. “You can also turn the thermostatic radiator valves on your radiators. Take advantage of the heat streaming through from the sun during the day and have a little bit of heat from your radiators in the evening.” Springtime is often a time when many deep clean their homes, forgetting that the heating system needs to be cleaned too. This includes cleaning radiators which can “drastically” affect the efficiency of heating. Daniel explained: “Aside from the dust clogging up the fins, other problems such as rust and general grime can severely impact how well your radiates work and look. “Cleaning up your radiators could also save you money on those rare occasions you need to use your heating as the weather warms up. “Also make use of the sunlight. “South and south-west facing rooms are in for a real treat as the sunnier days become more frequent. The brighter mornings and longer evenings mean not only a reduced use of lighting but also some reduced use of your heating as the sunlight streams in and keeps rooms warm.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Keeping curtains and blinds open in the sunniest rooms can allow as much light and warmth in as possible. The expert added: “An added bonus is that you can also start to dry your clothes outside if you’re blessed with the space, which will help to prevent damp build-up and will therefore chase away some of the chill. “It also means you’re not putting damp clothes on cold radiators and so will prevent external damage to your radiators such as corrosion and rust.” If your boiler will be dormant for a while, Daniel also recommended firing it up once a while to ensure it continues to work. Just like with a car battery, the central heating may not turn on when it needs to be used come the autumn months. The expert added: “This can be avoided by simply switching on your heating once a month and waiting until your radiators begin to get warm. “Doing this one a month throughout the summer will prevent the pump and diverter valve, which direct water around the heating system, from seizing up.”