Nick Knowles, 59, slammed critics of his relationship with Katie Dadzie, 32, who he shares a 27-year age gap with. The couple first appeared together in public in September 2021 after Nick’s split with PR director Emily Hallinan, 27. They had been targeted by trolls who suggested sex toy business owner Katie was with Nick for money. Nick defended his partner as he admitted he found the criticism towards her “upsetting”. He said: “I choose to be on TV. As a result, I expect the whole nine yards. I am up there as an object. “I’ve chosen to be on TV but my children, or my family, or people I date, for them I feel it’s unfair to have a go at them. “What upset was the judgment of her without knowing anything about her. Or what her motivations might be. “I found that upsetting and unfair and felt I needed to say something about it,” Nick added to The Sun. The DIY SOS presenter went on to explain that he understood the consequences of being a public figure. However, he stressed that he chose to take the brunt himself as his career had been his choice and it was “unfair” that his loved ones were attacked too. He said people could feel free to "have a go" at him on social media because of the public nature of his job. But, he added, it was "unfair" to direct anger towards his loved ones. Nick’s comments come after he was spotted enjoying a meal with Katie over the Easter weekend in London. The happy couple shared a hug during a cigarette break outside Hakkasan restaurant in Mayfair. DON'T MISS...Kylie Jenner mocked by Lily Allen for lookalike Met Gala wedding gown [LATEST]Nicki Minaj struggles to contain her modesty at Met Gala 2022 [PICTURES]Katy Perry puts on risqué display as she flashes boob at Met Gala [RED CARPET] But shortly after, Nick was forced to take to his Twitter account to address the hate Katie had been receiving. Nick asked the online community: “What happened to 'be kind'?" He said he was "raging" about the comments made about his partner. The TV star typed: "The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs 3 businesses, is a mother of 2, is wealthier & more successful than me & is intelligent & independent unlike the abusive trolls attacking her.” (sic) Some Twitter users threw the support behind the presenter, as they defended him against the negativity. @paulwilkins691 wrote: “Jealous nick fair play to you.” @Patrick69868698 added: “Sorry this happened, don’t lower to their level… you are the better person!!” @whiskeyfan001 said: “Behind you Nick. You’re a good bloke.”