During the release of the Star Wars sequel trilogy - The Force Awakens, The Last Jedi and The Rise of Skywalker - Rey's family was a huge mystery. The character was abandoned on the desert planet Jakku under mysterious circumstances, and she was later proven to have some sort of connection to the Skywalker family. At the time, many theories were being thrown around. Perhaps she was Luke Skywalker's daughter? Or Han's child from another fling? But the most prevailing theory was that she was somehow the granddaughter of legendary Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. Star Wars boss Kennedy has now revealed this connection was very much discussed behind the scenes at Lucasfilm during production. However, she also revealed the idea wasn't settled on for long. And she blames George Lucas for the decision to leave Obi-Wan and Rey as perfect strangers. Kennedy said: "The bigger issue is talking about Obi-Wan as a Master Jedi, and the issue of attachment and selflessness." Kennedy references the nature of the Jedi Order which required its knights, generals and masters to commit to a vow of celibacy. Of course, Anakin Skywalker disobeyed this law and conceived both Luke and Leia with his secret wife, Padme Amidala. But, for Obi-Wan, Kennedy says this was never an option. She said: "In order for Obi-Wan to have a child, you are really, really impacting the rules around the Jedi." Kennedy then revealed that, yes, the idea of having Rey as a secret Kenobi was discussed. READ MORE: Star Wars' Harrison Ford brutally shot down Oscar Isaac's question Kennedy continued: "What does that mean? If that were explored – and certainly there were a lot of ideas being thrown around – but anything to do with Obi-Wan in that regard was pretty much off the table because it flies in the face of everything George created in the mythology." In saying that, the Lucasfilm boss did add that the company is not completely strict around the rules of the Jedi. Of course, Anakin already broke this rule. And Ahsoka does not consider herself a member of the Jedi Order, despite having been trained by them. Kennedy said: "We're not rigid about it. It's certainly open for discussion all the time. But that's a pretty significant tenet in the mythology of the Jedi that we'd be reluctant to mess with." (Via Vanity Fair) DON'T MISS...Star Wars: Carrie Fisher’s Princess Leia ‘to be resurrected in CGI’ [NEWS]Star Wars' Harrison Ford brutally shot down Oscar Isaac's question [INFO]Star Wars new trilogy: Screenwriter gives details on Kevin Feige movie [INSIGHT] In the end, it was revealed that Rey was actually connected to the franchise's villain, Emperor Palpatine. She was the daughter of one of the Palpatine's clones - an as of yet unnamed man. This is why, during the events of The Rise of Skywalker, she was called to the dark side and even used Force Lightning to destroy a spaceship. But, the future of the Star Wars series could continue this family lineage even further. Rumours have surfaced over the past few years regarding Rey's next step. According to sources such as Mike Zeroh, Rey will be receiving her own TV show on Disney Plus in the coming years. The YouTuber noted that she would have a son with her, meaning the Palpatine family will continue on - but for how long? The Star Wars series is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE