Host Mark Dolan laid into the unions for their “selfish wage demands” and accused them of trying to run the country as Britain continues to battle with the cost of living crisis and the war in Ukraine. A strike ballot of 40,000 National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers members closes on Tuesday.  The union has claimed a national rail strike could be the biggest “in modern history” and bring the country “to a standstill”. Mr Dolan began: “Union bosses are threatening strike action in June as Britain faces a summer of discontent. “Urgent plans to deal with potentially the biggest rail strike in modern history are being drawn up by the Government in response to expected action by the RMT rail union. “The RMT is balloting 40,000 members - if they strike then industry experts say it will create serious challenges in keeping goods moving and supermarket shelves stocked up, plus it will hugely impact commuters and others getting around the country by rail.  “Just as Britain now begins its tentative recovery from two years of economic armageddon, the unions want to step in and completely finish this country off! “Because where the rail unions lead, others will certainly follow.” Mr Dolan continued to tear apart the unions’ behaviour at a time when so many people are struggling. He added: “How deeply irresponsible that the unions should seek inflation busting pay rises for their workers or resist reforms and cost savings for an industry now dependent on Government handouts?  READ MORE: Desperate Putin planning to send paedophiles and rapists to fight “How can they ask for that given the country’s finances are so wrecked? “Financial hardship is now so bad across the country people are switching off their fridges at night to save electricity, they’re getting bloody food poisoning as a result. “I’ve got no problem with the unions representing their workers, getting them the best possible pay and conditions. “But read the room folks! The country is on its knees.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE Full protocol implementation would mean 'economic tsunami' [BREXIT NEWS]Boris warned over 'loss of Northern Ireland' as Brexit tensions surge [LATEST]Caroline Receveur risks wardrobe malfunction on Cannes red carpet [SHOWBIZ] “Wage demands at a time like this in our history when faced with inflation, energy insecurity, a war in the East, China with imperial ambitions and an America that has lost the plot under Biden is just not an option. “Selfish wage demands will further feed the monster of inflation coming our way at a time when Britain must tighten its belt, not loosen it.” Rail unions are considering strike action in response to a Conservative policy that would make strikes illegal unless a minimum number of train staff walk out, according to the BBC. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps accused the unions in the Sunday Telegraph of using strike action as a first measure rather than a last resort. 