Meghan Markle paid a touching tribute to the victims of the Texas school shooting in Uvalde following the heartbreaking tragedy. Nineteen young children and two adults died in a shooting at a primary school in south Texas on Tuesday (May 24). The Duchess of Sussex made a surprise appearance in Uvalde where she laid a bouquet of white roses. Meghan, who kept a low profile, wore a grey t-shirt, blue jeans, sneakers and a dark baseball cap, was filmed leaving a bouquet of white roses in front of a makeshift memorial outside the Uvalde County Courthouse. A spokesperson for Meghan confirmed the visit and said it was important for her, as a mother herself, to extend her condolences and support to the community. The Duchess also visited a community centre hosting a blood drive, where she dropped off two crates full of sandwiches, drinks and desserts for the blood donors, according to Buzzfeed News. READ MORE: Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final Rock band Garbage has since shared their thoughts on her appearance via their official Twitter, which sparked some division on social media, on Friday. In view of their 171,000 followers, the tweet read: "Meghan Markle flying in and using the devastation and heartbreak of Uvalde as a press opportunity is obscene. Wtf. [followed by a swear face emoji." The group was inundated with messages, sparking a divide among social media users. @smalls wrote: "The Uvalde community welcomed her visit. Also, if you think people shouldn't be injecting themselves into this topic, you shouldn't be using your PUBLIC Twitter this way."  @SteveButler commented: "Probably best you kept quiet on this." @Nealio remarked: "As the only royal living in America she has done what I guess our own royal family would do and has done whenever there is a massive loss of life in the UK. HRH Charles will go to train crashes or building fires. It's what royals do." @iamjimmpage said: "Think you’re wrong about this. She didn’t tell anyone she was there, or coming. She was recognised after she’d been there a while. Seems to me she just wanted to help." However, others appeared to agree with the rock band's stance, @Lindado said: "I hope Netflix weren't there. I really do." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, stuns fans as singer poses topless in naked photo[LATEST]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final[FOOTBALL]Lewis Hamilton causes a stir in eye-catching neon blue outfit[PICTURES] @78esmerelda chimed: "There are news cameras surrounding the memorial. If Meghan truly intended the visit to be secret she would have visited once the cameras had gone." Meghan visited a memorial for the Texas school shooting victims. The mum-of-two also donated food to help support the local community. She made the visit in a personal capacity as a mum, according to her representatives. A spokesperson for the former actress said: "Following the devastating Texas school massacre which saw 21 lives stolen, Duchess Meghan has made a personal visit to Robb Elementary in Uvalde." Locals have praised Meghan who has been privately supporting the parents who lost children in the shooting. Garbage is an American rock band formed in 1993 in Madison, Wisconsin. The band's lineup—consisting of Scottish singer Shirley Manson and American musicians Duke Erikson, Steve Marker, and Butch Vig —has remained unchanged since its inception. 