He loves fish and chips and thinks haggis is “very tasty”, but says “tea with milk” is ”something very strange for me”. He’s a big fan of Irish folk music (“it’s really popular in Ukraine”, he says) and can’t wait to be able to visit Dublin for a dance festival, as well as trips to Stonehenge, Nottingham and Edinburgh. The classically-trained violinist has already seen the sites of London, from the House of Parliament to Covent Garden and “the bridge from Harry Potter.” And he’s a big fan of the BBC Sherlock Holmes series starring Benedict Cumberbatch, so of course a visit to Baker Street was a must. He describes his new home as being just like in a “detective series, like Midsummer Murders, Mrs Marple and Inspector Linley”. Hopefully without the crime levels, we joked. “It’s beautiful here” he told me. “My host family are lovely. They have given me a room, food and they have really helped me here. The support from these people is something unimaginable, just thank you for Ian and Yvonne, they are really beautiful people. “I have seen so many places, Westminster, Big Ben. I have a plan to visit the Globe Theatre. It’s something impossible, unbelievable, that I am living in Britain, this house, this city. It’s beautiful.” None of this would have been possible without Dr Stefania Passamonte, however. Stefania is Nikita’s director at the London Performing Academy of Music (LPMAM) where he is continuing his studies of jazz and classical music now he’s in the UK. Since the war broke out, Stefania has been working tirelessly to bring young musicians from Ukraine to the UK and give them a new chance at life. Nikita was one of the first she was able to help. The 21-year-old violinist fled Kharkiv where he was in his second year of university and travelled with a friend to his parents’ home in Odessa after the war with Russia began. Stefania helped organise a military exemption document for him, enabling the young musician to journey through Moldova, Hungary, Romania and then Switzerland, where he spent a month as he waited for his visa and correct documents, before finally arriving in the UK. So far, Stefania has managed to bring 10 students to safety, but her work isn’t over. After the war started, the university in Kharkiv was bombed, leaving many students’ futures “scattered in pieces”. She was desperate to be able to help so set up the Ukrainian Student Refugee Scholarship Fund, providing gifted students support to leave their homes and funding to make the journeys to Britain, where they are housed and given the opportunity to study. They’ve had tremendous help so far, but there are still another 25 needing to make the journey, Stefania said. “The problem is you save them but where do you put them? It’s not just taking them out, it’s also finding a safe place for them to live and then funding for them to study, because it costs, unfortunately. “I was so fortunate to be in the position I am, being in the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) Council. They said to write a blog and this blog was shared and retweeted by the musician union [which is how Ian and Yvonne, Nikita’s hosts, came to being involved], they contacted me and offered to open their homes to musicians.” Under the scheme, Nikita and other musicians just like him are being given a vital chance, something he is endlessly grateful to Stefania for - and to everyone who has played a part in helping bring him to Britain. But to Stefania, Nikita is her “hero.” “He did everything and even more to save the other girls, to bring them out of the country, it was amazing. I went to Nikita and said help me, so he has been working hard, writing to other people, sharing my email. “I didn’t do this myself, I did it thanks to people like Nikita. I started it but I would have not been here if I didn’t have everyone who stepped forward.” Looking forward, Nikita is hopeful the war in Ukraine will be over soon and says he is looking forward to becoming a British citizen. But above all, he hopes he will be able to see his family. His older sister remains in Ukraine with her husband and young son, while his parents and younger sister are safe in Gothenburg in Sweden. They remain in touch regularly, he says, and he hopes to visit his mother and father next month. “And when I can I want to invite them to me for some time, as a guest, to show them London, and Berkhamsted of course because it’s a really beautiful town.” “I really miss them,” he added. As for his sister, he hopes she and her family are safe and they will be able to be together again soon. He said: “They live in a quiet town, they do not have bombs, and I think all will be good. “We are speaking sometimes when we can, because she’s a photographer and has orders, and she has a little son so it is difficult. But we speak on WhatsApp or Telegram.” But for now, Nikita is filling his calendar with performances in Britain - including one at the annual BerkoFest festival in Berkhamsted, which is being organised by founder Charlie Hussey to coincide with this year’s Platinum Jubilee. Although Charlie had never met Stefania before this year, he has gone out of his way to support her work as well as helping Nikita settle into his new home; from taking him to local music venues to asking him to play at the upcoming event, which is being held on June 2, he’s been a real rock to the young musician. Charlie says he is hugely looking forward to hearing Nikita perform at the festival, now in its 10th year. “To get someone that talented to play for us…it’s an amazing honour.” Also booked to appear include Royal Opera singers Phillip Brown and Kathryn Jenkin, and all money will be donated to local charities including Age UK Dacorum. Tickets to the event start at £3 for students, £5 for concessions and £15 for adults, and you can find out more information or book tickets at the BerkoFest website.