Finnish President Sauli Niinisto is expected on Thursday to say whether his country should join the NATO alliance, with Sweden following suit with its decision in the coming days. While Sweden's ruling Social Democrats have called a parliamentary debate over NATO for Monday as the country readies for what is expected to be a decision to join the alliance in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, abandoning decades of military non-alignment. Defence and Security Analyst Professor Michael Clarke explained their membership to NATO would put more pressure on Russia's security. Speaking to Sky News, Professor Clarke said: "This is a very big moment in Europe's history. Sweden has been independent since the Napoleonic Wars, 1812. "It's been formally neutral since then. Finland has been neutral since 1945 and now they're both decided as a result of Russia's policy to reverse their neutrality. "These are two Nordic countries that but on to Russia, that's an 800-mile border between Finland and Russia. "This complicates Russia's general security problems for any Russian leader in the future and it's a big moment for west European security." READ MORE: Russian troops WIPE OUT own unit in friendly fire fiasco  He added: "Its NATO border as it stands today is only 300 miles which is with the Baltic states; Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania. "That 300-mile border is relatively small considering that NATO is 30 different states but now that adds 800 miles to the 300 miles of border that Russia now has to worry about." Mr Clarke noted: "Once they say officially, which they will, at the Madrid summit at the end of June, 'we would like to join NATO', the process will take a few months." But Ukraine "will not come into NATO" as it's a "different issue". Boris Johnson will sign historic security assurance declarations with Sweden and Finland in the face of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, pledging to "bolster military ties" and support both countries should they come under attack. The Prime Minister arrived in Stockholm on Wednesday before travelling to Harpsund, the country residence of his Swedish counterpart, Magdalena Andersson, where he set out a UK commitment to come to the country's aid in the event of a crisis. Mr Johnson is set to visit Finland later in the day, where he is expected to formalise a similar agreement with the country's President Sauli Niinisto during a whirlwind 24 hours. An offer to increase deployments to the region, including with Royal Air Force, British Army, and Royal Navy personnel and assets, will also be made. DON'T MISS Putin 'not about to retreat' as Russia set on NATO 'neutralisation' [INSIGHT]Kyiv devastation as 390 buildings destroyed – repair costs hit €70m [ANALYSIS]Putin's troops suffering as Ukraine drones barrage Snake Island [VIDEO] It comes as both countries consider the prospect of NATO membership in the face of Russian President Vladimir Putin's ongoing military aggression. Mr Johnson said: "We are steadfast and unequivocal in our support to both Sweden and Finland and the signing of these security declarations is a symbol of the everlasting assurance between our nations. "These are not a short-term stop-gap, but a long-term commitment to bolster military ties and global stability, and fortify Europe's defences for generations to come." The declarations build on claims made earlier in the month that the UK would always aid Finland if it were attacked by Russia, regardless of whether the country was a member of NATO.