From the bark of cinchona tree to your glass, quinine is thought to have anti-arrhythmic properties because it’s able to slow electrical conduction in your heart, explains Dr Deborah Lee from Dr Fox Online Pharmacy. However, there’s more to quinine than being an ingredient in G&T, it’s also used as a drug. Dr Lee said: “There is no conclusive evidence that quinine lowers blood pressure, but it may do. “Very few studies have looked into this, and those that have, have had conflicting results.” Although the results seem to clash, the expert provided the lowdown on why quinine might be able to affect your hypertension. She continued: “Pharmacological research from lab-based studies has discovered that quinine can affect neuromuscular function. READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares root vegetable can lower high blood pressure - ‘quite meaningful’  She also came up with a third explanation that suggests that quinine might be associated with lower blood pressure. Dr Lee said: “It also blocks 5HT receptors, leading to raised levels of amma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) – an important neurotransmitter in the GABA pathway. “This is an inhibitory pathway that quietens down excited nerves. Calmness and relaxation are linked to lower blood pressure. “It’s therefore possible that quinine could have a blood pressure lowering effect.” However, she also noted that some studies haven’t shared such positive outlook on quinine and lower hypertension reading. Others explain that while quinine might lower your levels, it needs to be administered intravenously. She added: “Quinine is unlikely to lower blood pressure by any appreciable amount for the average healthy adult. “However, if you are taking quinine tablets for night cramps and have a couple of gin and tonics a day, this small extra amount of quinine could be enough to cause an adverse event, for example, low blood pressure, or a cardiac arrhythmia [an irregular heartbeat].” Sadly, those who are “healthy, fit” adults won’t get any blood pressure benefit from drinking tonic water. Dr Lee explained: “The amount of quinine in tonic water is so low it is unlikely this will cause a significant fall in blood pressure. “Tonic water is a very dilute solution of quinine. It contains 83mg of quinine per litre. “If you are a fit, healthy adult, you are extremely unlikely to be able to drink enough tonic water for it to affect your blood pressure.” But she also warned that certain people should think twice before having tonic water, including: “If you are on any cardiac drugs, always check with GP or pharmacist before you drink tonic water,” she concluded.