One person posted on Twitter: “18 flights out before 7am, no wonder you have chaotic scenes with security”. They added that two security desks were closed. Another said: “Bristol Airport is a shambles. Worst organisation ever. Amateur to the extreme." Paul Trueman posted: “It’s five in the morning and this is the queues for the departure gates. “That building in the distance is the airport.” READ MORE: Manchester airport chaos as passengers face huge queues However, another traveller said: “40 mins queue this morning at Bristol airport, pretty well organised and moving along in fairness.” Bristol Airport has apologised for the chaos as the Platinum Jubilee is expected to be the busiest period since before the pandemic. It said this morning: "We appreciate the frustration experienced by customers early this morning and are sorry for the long queues at security. We've fallen short this morning but the Bristol Airport team and our business partners are working hard to ensure all customers have a smooth and easy journey through the terminal. "Each day over 80 percent of our customers experiecnes less than a 20 minute security queue time, it is only during peak flight operations we extend beyond this- we are focused on improving this." After the weekend chaos, a spokesperson said: “The Bristol Airport team and business partners are working hard to ensure all customers have a smooth and easy journey through the terminal. “We’re sorry that this morning there were longer queues at security. “For early morning flight departures we are seeing customers arriving five hours prior to flight departure, adding to the congestion in the terminal. “This is something we have not experienced before. When customers are queueing before check-in and security opens it provides a negative customer experience for everyone and one we want to avoid. “We advise all customers to arrive in the terminal when their check-in opens, this helps us to manage resources and gets customers on their way quickly and efficiently as possible."  Another passenger tweeted: “Bristol airport is a joke. Got through security at 6:45pm last night. “Then all the food outlets were either full or closed, there were flights until 9pm. “easyJet then delayed our flight and when we should have boarded, cancelled our flight.” Another said: “People with young children have been waiting at Bristol airport since 4am for flight 6173 to Catania. “No announcement, no information, no apology and certainly no flight. What a shambles.” Passengers across the UK have faced chaos as the holiday season kicks off for the half-term break. easyJet has cancelled over 200 flights during half-term with passengers disappointed for many top destinations. Britons have also faced long queues at Manchester airport as the industry struggles with staff shortages. easyJet is set to remove a row of seating so it can operate flights with fewer members of cabin crew.