Not everyone gets on with their exes but Jane Fonda, 84, has revealed she even has a “favourite” out of her three ex-husbands. The Grace and Frankie star revealed who her favourite ex-husband was during a question and answer session with her co-star, and friend of 50 years, Lily Tomlin in April. The pair were testing how well they knew each other in a game show-style interview when Jane asked Lily: “Who is my favourite ex-husband?” Lily instantly answered: “Is it Ted?” The Hollywood actress cheekily agreed, which meant Lily had gained a point. Ted has been her favourite ex-husband for years now. The 84-year-old and the CNN founder were married for 10 years and the marriage came to an end in 2001. READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes It was Jane’s third marriage. The veteran actress had opened up about Ted Turner in a 2012 blog post (janefonda.com). Jane, who is known for her political activism, had attended the Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention fundraiser, in Atlanta, in October 2010. Jane founded G-CAPP in 1995 and it has been renamed the Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Power & Potential.  The Barbarella star explained in the blog post: “This year we wanted an event that allowed for a deeper discussion of the work that G-CAPP does and how it all began.” “That meant involving Ted [Turner], my favourite ex-husband, as it was he who inspired my creating G-CAPP almost 18 years ago.” While Jane and Lily spoke to Vanity Fair about how well they knew each other, Jane also appeared on the cover of Glamour magazine this month. The star posed for the cover image 60 years on from her first cover for the magazine. DON'T MISS:  Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes[INSIGHT]Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football[LATEST]Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video[NEWS]  Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes[INSIGHT]Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football[LATEST]Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video[NEWS]  On her return, she spoke about her decades-long career. Jane stunned in the photos and put on a youthful display. She first appeared in the magazine as an 18-year-old in 1959. She also spoke about being mentored by the late Katharine Hepburn.  The actress worked with Katharine Hepburn in the 1981 drama On Golden Pond, and Katharine made it “clear” she disliked her. Jane said: "She said she learned to admire me but she didn't really like me. She took me under her wing in a certain way and that was important."