Monty Don shared his gardening tips for spring once again on the latest episode of Gardeners’ World. The lead host of the hit BBC gardening show shared which gardening jobs gardeners can be doing now, when to bring out citrus trees and how to plant tender perennials like salvias and gingers. During the show, the 66-year-old shared also shared a tip for those looking to propagate bluebells. Monty warned gardeners over propagating Spanish bluebells because they are known for being “truly invasive”. He said: “Bluebells are wonderful. “Do make sure that you do it with English bluebells and not Spanish. “The English bluebell, which hangs just down on one side, and we think of as a carpet in woodland, is not too invasive. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around…Brighton  “Whereas, the Spanish bluebell, which hangs on both sides and is bigger and generally more robust, is truly, truly invasive. “Once you get that into a border, it's very difficult to get it out.” The native bluebell, which is also known as the English or British bluebell is also called Hyacinthoides non-scripta. The Spanish bluebell, which is found across much of the UK, is also known as Hyacinthoides hispanica.  DON'T MISSSienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside [INSIGHT]Inside Wallis Simpson's former home where Kate and William might live [UPDATE]'Biggest kept secrets of gardeners' to grow perfect tomatoes [ANALYSIS] English bluebells flower in April and May, can be sown in June and planted in June, September and October. Bluebells are beneficial for bees, birds, butterflies and other pollinators. Monty shared his advice after viewers were shown fellow Gardeners' World viewer Yasu’s incredible “Petit English Garden” in Itoshima, Japan. Yasu started the garden because a friend of his, who lives in the UK and loves bluebells, told him about how beautiful the plant looks when it carpets the forest floor. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “I’ve always wanted to visit the UK in spring, but I’ve never had the chance.” Instead, Yasu decided to grow a group of bluebells in his garden. However, some of the bulbs didn’t grow well and disappeared. Every year, he propagates bluebell bulbs in planters in order to replace the dead ones. Yasu continued: “I select the larger bulbs from the planter and plant them in plastic pots.  “I then plant the remaining smaller bulbs in the planter again.” Yasu showed viewers what his garden looks like in mid-April when the bluebells are in full bloom. The bluebells carpet his garden below trees and other plants. Yasu said he is hoping to increase the number of bluebells he has. Gardeners’ World is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.