The events to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee are set to begin next week. The 96-year-old became the reigning monarch in 1952. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, True Royally TV's co-founder Nick Bullen discussed the three major challenges that the Queen will face ahead of the Jubilee celebrations. Mr Bullen said: "There's a documentary on True Royalty called The Invincible Queen, take a look at that and it shows you that she basically steered this family business phenomenally well. "It is hugely hugely successful, as a business, as a brand, as a piece of marketing for Britain." He added: "I would say, steering the family business to where it is now and ensuring its future, but that in itself, I think is the biggest challenge. "She's not going to be with us for that much longer, you know, she is 96, the day will come when we sadly lose her." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry are royalty to us! US royal fans clash with Britons ahead of Jubilee Mr Bullen added: "The challenge I think she can see is how the monarchy survives after her. "How does Prince of Wales retain relevance to a worldwide audience, how does Prince William become a king for all the 21st century. "Those are the challenges. "She's almost done the job so well, you know, it's like how do you follow that. "That's probably the biggest challenge." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry face 'conundrum' over visiting Thomas Markle in hospital In recent months, the Queen has faced ongoing health struggles, particularly with her mobility. The palace have had to make adjustments to her schedule to accommodate for her ill health. Instead of making appearances in person, the 96-year-old has held some of her royal duties virtually. Another way has been to send other members of the family to royal duties on her behalf. It has also been suggested that the 96-year-old should not be expected at any future public events ahead of time and her attendance will only be confirmed on the day. DON'T MISS Earlier this week, the Queen made an appearance at the Chelsea Flower Show. The Queen was in high spirits as she toured the gardens in a bright pink outfit. At the event, the monarch was chauffeured around in a luxury buggy. The Queen has attended the Chelsea Flower Show more than 50 times in her reign.