Dame Helen Mirren is one of many famous faces that make up the star-studded cast for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations at Royal Windsor Horse Show. The actress will play Elizabeth I in ‘a gallop through history’ — a theatrical equestrian performance that tells the stories of royal history. Dame Helen is no stranger to playing royalty and has previously played both Elizabeth I and Elizabeth II. And therefore, the star has delved into the lives of the women she was portraying, a process of insight that was made harder by the mystery surrounding the British monarchy and its Queens. In an interview with The New York Times, Helen admitted that the world the monarchs “live in is so beyond our understanding”. Speaking to the publication in 2015, the actress likened the Royal Family to “aliens”. She said: “You’ve never queued for anything. Ever, for anything. Every time you go in the street, the traffic is stopped for you. “It’s a world you can’t imagine. They are, in a way, aliens. But inside that, they are the same flawed, insecure, vulnerable, complicated human beings we are. “It’s my job to get into the person who’s inside that world.” Helen had come off the back of a successful run in the West End, starring as Queen Elizabeth II in the production, ‘The Audience’. She had previously won an Oscar for her performance as the monarch in the film The Queen. In 2005, Helen starred in ‘Elizabeth I’ in which she portrayed the ‘Virgin Queen’. Tonight, she will return to the character in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at Royal Windsor Horse Show. As it is the final performance, the Queen is expected to attend and watch the special show in honour of her reign. However, her attendance has not yet been confirmed and will depend on whether she feels well enough. DON'T MISS Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee celebration: Schedule as Queen honoured by celebs [REPORT]Prince Harry given plan to address hair loss after 'doomed' admission [REVEAL]  The monarch did make a surprise appearance at the horse show on Friday. Her Majesty was spotted watching her pony, Balmoral Leia, compete and was later seen in the audience at Lady Louise Windsor’s carriage driving event. In a special tribute to her grandparents, Louise drove the late Prince Philip’s carriage. The pair bonded over their shared love for the sport and the Duke of Edinburgh’s carriage and ponies were left to his granddaughter following his death. This year’s Royal Windsor Horse Show has pulled focus onto the Queen and Philip’s little-known contributions to the world of equestrianism. In a final celebration of the Queen and her reign, the monarch’s great-grandchildren will feature in tonight’s culminating performance of the horse show’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, Prince Louis, four, Savannah and Isla Phillips, 11 and 10, Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall, eight, three and one, August Brooksbank, one, and Sienna Mapelli Mozzi, seven months, are all expected to ride in a horse-drawn carriage for the finale. It will be the first time that the majority of the monarch’s great-grandchildren will be seen in public together.  Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s two children — Archie and Lilibet — will join proceedings later on for the Platinum Jubilee.