Britain's Got Talent season 15 is edging closer to crowning the 2022 winner of the ITV contest. Monday, May 30, saw the first semi-finalists battling it out to get one of the two coveted final places. Singer Maxwell Thorpe and ventriloquist Jamie Leahey bagged the spots, and Tuesday's outing of the show brought with it a fresh batch of talent hoping to join them. As the show got underway, several viewers took to social media to comment on how child-heavy the series had been this year and, in particular, the second semi-final. With the acts only being announced for the second round of the semi-final moments before the show started, the line-up was met with mixed reviews. Taking to the stage were Amber and the Dancing Collies, Dante Marvin, Armed Forces Children Choir, young magician Ryland Petty, impressionist Ben Nickless, Dinosaur dancing Ranger Chris, Music duo Flintz and T4ylor and Escapologist Andrew Basso. Shortly after the third performance of the night, the Armed Forces Children Choir, viewers started to wonder if the show was going to be made up of only child performers. Sema Malik asked: "Why are all the kids on tonight? Read More: 'Not right!' Meghan and Harry Netflix cameras blasted for being at Jubilee by Ferrari  "And why did they put all the good acts on night one? "They always do this, which means a lot of the talented people don't go through to the final. #BritainsGotTalent." @BBC0RPSE jibed: "They wonder why BGT goes downhill every f*****g year. It's all sympathy acts, no talent, kids singing, or adults who need institutionalised for cutting about on stage in dinosaur costumes dancing. #bgt." (sic) @J2801 was puzzled by why there were so many children on the TV and commented: "#BGT WAY too many kids tonight.   "Why not have BRITAINS GOT TALENTED KIDS and have the normal BGT for over 18’s?" Sophie Richards echoed the sentiment and added: "I feel like I’m watching a kids club at Butlins or something. WHAT. #bgt" Septimus McClonk thought that the child acts swayed the audience and said: "#bgt primetime emotional manipulation" and Heather Marsham added: "Really don't care for emotional manipulation. #BGT." Luckily for the young performers, some viewers wanted to see more. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show 'Need to go' [LATEST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks out on key Claire change [LATEST]  @AjEasmon described: "None of the children's acts have disappointed me, like Simon said 'the kids are taking over the show this year!' #BGT #BritainsGotTalent." Also supporting the juvenile performers, Joseph Ross added: "Every year, the kids are just amazing, bless them #bgt." For each semi-final, there is one Golden Buzzer act automatically sent to this stage and they did not have to be screened a further time by the judges. For the second evening, it was Alesha Dixon's pick of Flintz and T4ylor.   David Walliams' Golden Buzzer act of Born to Perform sadly failed to progress further in the competition during the opening semi-final. The final three acts chosen by Simon, Amanda Holden and co-hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly who are yet to perform, are Loren Allred, Axel Blake and Keiichi Iwasaki. The first act that made it through to the final was impressionist Ben Nickless who seemed to be a hit with the judges. The remaining spot was left down to the judge's vote, and with it three to one, with Amanda's vote being the odd one out it was Flintz and T4ylor that made it to the final. Britain's Got Talent continues on Wednesday, June 1, at 8 pm on ITV and is available on ITV Hub.