After a stroke, the Stroke Association says: “Your stroke may cause a swallowing disorder called dysphagia. If not identified and managed, it can lead to poor nutrition, pneumonia and disability. Aspiration is a common problem for people with dysphagia. It occurs when something you’ve swallowed enters the airway and lungs.”  The NHS warns: "A stroke is a serious life-threatening medical condition that happens when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off. “Strokes are a medical emergency and urgent treatment is essential. The sooner a person receives treatment for a stroke, the less damage is likely to happen." The NHS says that the main stroke symptoms include changes to the face. Your face may have dropped on one side, the person may not be able to smile, or their mouth or eye may have drooped. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: 'Warning signs' of a damaged liver from alcohol overconsumption  Signs may also occur on the arms – “the person may not be able to lift both arms and keep them there because of weakness or numbness in one arm”, says the NHS. Their speech may be slurred or garbled, “or the person may not be able to talk at all despite appearing to be awake” and “they may also have problems understanding what you're saying to them”, adds the health body. The NHS states: “As different parts of your brain control different parts of your body, your symptoms will depend on the part of your brain affected and the extent of the damage.” The health body adds: “If you have been diagnosed with a condition known to increase your risk of stroke, ensuring the condition is well controlled is also important for helping prevent strokes.”  The NHS says occasionally a stroke can cause complete paralysis of one side of the body, sudden loss or blurring of vision, dizziness or confusion. Other possible signs include difficulty understanding what others are saying, problems with balance and coordination, a sudden and very severe headache resulting in a blinding pain unlike anything experienced before or loss of consciousness. The health body says the best way to help prevent a stroke is to eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly, and avoid smoking and drinking too much alcohol. It adds: “A low-fat, high-fibre diet is usually recommended, including plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables (five A Day) and wholegrains.”  It also says combining a healthy diet with regular exercise is the best way to maintain a healthy weight. Indeed, regular exercise can also help lower your cholesterol and keep your blood pressure healthy. The NHS states: “For most people, at least 150 minutes (two hours and 30 minutes) of moderate-intensity aerobic activity, such as cycling or fast walking, every week is recommended. “If you're recovering from a stroke, you should discuss possible exercise plans with the members of your rehabilitation team.”  It explains: “If you have been diagnosed with a condition known to increase your risk of stroke, ensuring the condition is well controlled is also important for helping prevent strokes.” Harvard Health adds: “High blood pressure is a huge factor, doubling or even quadrupling your stroke risk if it is not controlled. “High blood pressure is the biggest contributor to the risk of stroke in both men and women. “Monitoring blood pressure and, if it is elevated, treating it, is probably the biggest difference people can make to their vascular health. 