Andrew Neil questioned the minister for Brexit Opportunities' debating skills as the pair clashed during one of the first interviews of the show. Mr Neil debuted his new Sunday show on Channel 4 this week, with Jacob Rees-Mogg featuring as one of the main guests. The pair debated the Tory MP's new role as well as the Government's plans to help Britons cope with the growing costs of living. The pair engaged in a lively row after Mr Neil questioned the UK's decision not to implement a windfall tax to raise extra money from energy companies to ease the pressure on worse-off Britons. He pointed out that other countries across Europe, including Italy, had pursued the same policy and collected over €4 billion in funds. Mr Neil said: "The point is other countries have done windfall taxes and they have found the money to help the poorest." Mr Rees-Mogg hit back: "Think carefully what you're saying. JUST IN: 'Starmer been hoist by his own petard' Neil in brilliant slap down 'set the bar that low' "You're encoring the UK to follow Italy's approach to taxation." But the broadcaster shut down attempts to challenge his line of questioning: "I'm sorry, you don't get out with cheap debating tricks like that. "I was brought up in a tougher debating school than you." He added: "Other countries do it. You're not doing it." READ MORE: Putin humiliated on state TV as Russian colonel admits military 'cannot compete' with Kyiv Mr Rees-Mogg told Channel 4's Andrew Neil Show: "I'm not going to pretend to you that this is not difficult for people. It is difficult for people. "There are limits to what the Government can do because in an inflation, increasing public expenditure, increasing the deficit would - in and of itself - be inflationary. "But it's quite right that the support that there is has been targeted at the least well-off, as it has been." The Tory frontbencher added: "The Government can change things in the longer and the medium term, it cannot change what is going to happen over the next few weeks and months." "The problem with dealing with inflation, for all governments, for any government, is that the solutions are difficult." Mr Rees-Mogg also acknowledged the inflation forecasts are "really troubling" but most of the reasons were outside the Government's control, including constraints on supply chains following the pandemic and the war in Ukraine's impact on energy. The Government has promised £9 billion of help with energy bills as part of a £22 billion package which includes raising national insurance thresholds and cutting the universal credit taper rate. The Bank of England's grim forecasts suggest inflation will hit 10 percent by the end of the year, up from 7 percent now, and it has raised interest rates to the highest since 2009 in a bid to curb the rise in prices. The BoE forecast growth will contract in the final three months of 2022 as the cost squeeze sees households rein in spending.