As the UK gears up to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a special four-day bank holiday weekend, military aircraft have been rehearsing for the famous flypast over Buckingham Palace to round off the Queen's birthday Trooping the Colour parade. The flypast is due to see 70 aircraft, including the iconic RAF Red Arrows alongside the Lancaster Bomber, Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane that make up the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. The bumper long weekend will see a number of events and initiatives take place up and down the country to celebrate the monarch’s historic milestone of 70 years on the throne. The weekend will kick off on Thursday, June 2, and the celebrations will begin with the Queen’s Trooping the Colour birthday parade. The military aircraft flypast will nicely round off the annual event and this year promises to be particularly spectacular. Swooping in from The North Sea, the route will pass over a number of eastern counties before reaching Buckingham Palace, where the Royal family will gather on the balcony to watch.  READ MORE: National Trust gardens: The ‘hidden gem’ gardens for half term week  Here is the route the flypast will take and what time you can expect to see it. On Thursday, June 2, from 11.45am, aircraft will assemble in the vicinity of The Wash, a bay located on the northwest corner of East Anglia before circuiting The North Sea. The Flight will head back to the tip of East Anglia before heading south at around 12.15pm over Swaffham and Thetford in Norfolk, on to Ipswich then over Colchester in Essex. The column of aircraft will begin to emerge in central London at around 12.40pm, performing one of their iconic shows until around 1.15pm.  The aircraft are expected to pass over Buckingham Palace at around 1pm after forming over Stratford and Shoreditch. The formation will disperse after 1.15pm, by which they’ll be heading back over South London for people to see until around 1.30pm. This dispersal will occur from the south and west of the London Control Zone, also flying over Kent, Surrey, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, and Wiltshire. The flypast route is split into areas A to I, with London resting in areas E and F, which covers nearly the entire capital with area F taking in parts of South London such as Mitcham and Croydon, as well as Surrey.  DON'T MISS: Jubliee beacons: Where are they? What time are they being lit? [EXPLAINED]Harry to be 'out of place and bewildered' when he returns to UK [ANALYSIS]Monarch delighted over Sussex return as Queen 'adores' Harry [INSIGHT]    According to the map, the flypast will miss areas some areas in North London, like Wood Green, however, it’s important to note that the route - and timings - are approximate. The weather will bear a large influence on the route and times, as well as the sheer number of aircraft taking part in the event, so also note this is the estimated plan but may alter slightly on the day. Here is the route map with estimated timings for each area, provided by Military Airshows. 