Royal biographer Andrew Morton made the comments while appearing on Lorraine to promote his new book, The Queen. Andrew, who is best known for penning Princess Diana’s authorised biography, said the Queen, 96, would have recognised the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s need to make a life for themselves.  But he added their move to California was “abrupt” and “a lot of it was uncalled for”. Speaking about Prince Harry’s relationship with the monarch, he said: “The Queen’s got a soft spot for Harry, he can jump over, I mean courtiers will have an appointment with the Queen and it’ll be three weeks hence, he can turn up at Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle, walk in say ‘Hi’ and get the Queen to say be involved in the Invictus Games. “So yeah the Queen has got a soft spot for Harry, because obviously, the tragic nature of his mother’s death, and he struggles to cope with that. His mental struggles. “He’s cursed with charisma in a way. When I see him on royal engagements, it’s very much like watching Diana, kneeling down and hugging kids. It’s remarkable.”  Princess Diana died on August 31, 1997, aged 36 in a Paris car crash. Prince Harry was just 12-years-old at the time of her death, while Prince William was aged 15. Mr Morton also spoke on his thoughts regarding Megxit, saying: “Well it was abrupt, a lot of it was uncalled for. “But at the same time the Queen will recognise, they’ve got a young family, she’s American, and she’ll cast her mind back to her own life.  READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school “Because she and Prince Philip went off to Malta for a few years, shortly after they married, and they expected to be on the fringes of the royal family, of duty as it were, for 20 years or so. “Prince Philip expected to go through the ranks in the navy. It was very unexpected for them and she will appreciate the fact that Harry and Meghan want to make a life for themselves.” It was revealed yesterday [Thursday, May 26] Harry and Meghan will attend a thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee next week. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not be invited to stand with the Royal family on Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping of Colours Parade, in an announcement made earlier this month. DON'T MISS:Two Royal Navy ships spotted hiding from marine trackers [PICTURES]Europeans return to continent as UK bids farewell to THOUSANDS [INSIGHT]M&S closures herald destruction of high street as 32 stores axed [COMMENT]  Only senior serving royals are invited to stand on the balcony, meaning Harry and Meghan, Prince Andrew and several other members of The Firm are out of the running. Prince Harry and Meghan stepped down from their duties as senior royals in January 2020, with the pair now living in California full time with their children Archie and Lilibet. 