Cybill Shepherd, 72, spoke about her Moonlighting co-star Bruce Willis, 67, in a candid interview on Friday. The iconic Hollywood star said she had great chemistry with the actor and “will always love him”.  Their TV show, Moonlighting, aired from 1985 until 1989. The blonde beauty spoke about her longtime friend at the annual Race to Erase (Multiple Sclerosis) MS benefit gala in Los Angeles hosted by founder Nancy Davis. Bruce's family had recently announcement he has retired from acting amid his health battle aphasia. Cybill spoke to Extra and claimed that they were into each other many decades ago. READ MORE:Amanda Holden risks wardrobe malfunction as she flashes bra in Paris  “My temperature went up 10 degrees. That meant two things to me: one, I was very attracted to him, two, I would never act on it, 'cause we were both very attracted to each other.' She added" “I will always love Bruce.” The actress also revealed he was the only guy they wanted for their TV show. “I just have to say one thing about Bruce,” she said.  “No one else was ever considered for the part when he walked in the room.” At the end of March, the Die Hard actor's family announced that he was done acting due to aphasia. In a statement, his family said: “To Bruce's amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities.' The cognitive disorder affects a person’s ability to communicate and often develops in individuals who have suffered strokes. DONT MISS:Naga Munchetty reacts as ITV star quits for BBC Breakfast (PHOTOS)Rolling Stones' legend Mick Jagger laments at Brexit 'nightmare' (NEWS)Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement (LATEST) “As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him,” the actor’s daughter Rumer Willis wrote in an Instagram post also signed by her siblings, the actor’s wife, Emma, and his former wife, Demi Moore. According to those who have worked with Bruce on his recent films, the actor has been experiencing health woes in recent years. Nearly two dozen people who were on set with the actor expressed concern about the actor's well-being, according to The Times. It was reported an actor who travelled with Bruce would feed the star his lines through an earpiece, known in the industry as an “earwig,” according to several sources. Most action scenes, particularly those that involved choreographed gunfire, were filmed using a body double as a substitute for Bruce. Meanwhile, Cybill was at Race To Erase MS because her daughter Clementine has the disease, she said. “I remember the day when I went with my daughter Clementine up to the University of California San Francisco, to one of the experts on multiple sclerosis, and it was a positive,” she shared. “She's done great though. I couldn't ask for more. My darling Clementine.”