Tottenham look to be close to agreeing a deal to sign Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic when his contract expires this summer. And despite the increased competition which inevitably comes with any new arrival, the signing could actually offer hope to Spurs misfits such as Tanguy Ndombele, Bryan Gil and Giovani Lo Celso that they may yet have a future at the club. Perisic, 33, has enjoyed a superb six years at the San Siro, using his versatility to great effect to inspire his side to a Serie A and Coppa Italia title last season while working under Antonio Conte. A reunion for the two men would certainly be an intriguing proposition - yet it is easy to forget that it initially looked like Conte was not a big fan of the Croatian. When Conte arrived in Milan in 2019, he almost immediately sent Perisic out on loan to Bayern Munich, and appeared to shut down any possibility of him being part of his plans. “Perisic did try to do what I asked, but I have negative sensations and I don’t think he can give the team what it needs. We need to evaluate things carefully," he told reporters. “I cannot complain about his effort and dedication, but there are roles to be respected. You cannot change the characteristics of a player, even if he tries.” Despite this, after impressing at Munich Perisic returned a different player, and looked a man reborn as he began to significantly improve under Conte. Indeed, discussing the player once more at the end of that historic 2020-21 campaign, Conte said: “We sent Perisic to Bayern because he was not prepared to do the defending work I had asked for. He returned with a different mentality. “I asked him the same things as last season, but he showed that he has extraordinary characteristics and needs to believe in himself more. The moment he started doing that, he started to play. He can be even more decisive.” Conte's attitude shows that it is never too late for a player to impress him, and perhaps, with the right mentality, there may still be a space in the team for some of those who have been sent out on loan this year. Ndombele has largely flattered to deceive during his return to Lyon, and is perhaps the least likely to break into Conte's starting XI. Yet young winger Gil has shone at moments at Valencia, while Lo Celso played a key part in helping Villarreal make it to the semi-finals of the Champions League. What the future holds for all three remains to be seen, but if they look to Perisic as an example of how quickly fortunes can change, they may well have belief that they could yet play a part in what could be a highly exciting campaign for Spurs.