Amber Heard has reportedly fired her PR team after becoming "frustrated by bad headlines" during the defamation trial which was brought by her ex-husband, Pirates of the Caribbean star, Johnny Depp. The Aquaman actress, 36, is said to have employed a new PR team as she prepares to take to the stand this week in the $100 defamation trial. The actress is said to have made the decision after becoming "frustrated by bad headlines" during the trial which was brought by her ex-husband. So far only Depp has taken the stand. Heard was being represented by Precision Strategies, which she has reportedly now ditched in favour of consulting firm Shane Communications. An unnamed source claimed to the New York Post that the actress "doesn't like bad headlines". READ MORE: Helen Skelton's husband 'jets on holiday with new love interest' Another unnamed source claimed to the publication that Heard was "frustrated with her story not being told effectively." The trial, which started on April 11, is set to last another three weeks. So far only Depp has taken the stand over the course of four days, during which he claimed he was the victim of domestic abuse. The Fantastic Beasts actor is suing Heard for $50 million, claiming that she ruined his career following a 2018 Washington Post article where she described herself as a "'public figure representing domestic abuse", without naming her ex-spouse. Heard is countersuing Depp for $100 million and is set to take to the stand this week. Senior communications director for Pete Buttigieg's 2020 presidential campaign Lis Smith branded the move by Heard to rehire a new PR team "crazy". She said: "It's crazy to change teams in the middle of a trial like this because you don't like the headlines. "After years of narrative building, you can't change the public's opinion in the three weeks when someone is suing you in a case," she added to the publication. DON'T MISS... Clarkson admits he would 'happily stamp' on badger's head on farm [INSIGHT]John Whaite 'heartbroken' after West End role axed [ANALYSIS]Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain [UPDATE] The trial has so far seen explosive claims from Depp, claiming that his ex-wife "severed his finger" and "defecated on a bed". It also emerged that the actress failed to honour her public promise to hand her £5.6million divorce settlement from her ex-husband to charity after hitting hard times, the Virginia court heard. Heard announced in 2016 she would split the money evenly between the America Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles. However, during the pair's explosive defamation case, it emerged she'd only paid ACLU £280,000 directly. It also received £80,000 from Depp in her name, another £280,000 from an unnamed donor and £401,000 on her behalf from her then boyfriend, billionaire Elon Musk. The ACLU's Terence Dougherty said they "reached out" for more in 2019 but "learned that she was having financial difficulties". It also came out that Depp was reportedly threatened with being publicly served a restraining order by his then estranged wife if he didn't agree to a list of demands. The actress made the list of demands through her legal team three days after their final row in May 2016, which included that she and her friends live in his three LA penthouses rent free, have "exclusive use and possession" of his Range Rover and demand that he cover a portion of her legal and accounting fees.