The Chancellor unveiled a package of measures totalling £37billion aimed at easing the cost-of-living crisis on Thursday (May 26). This includes a 25 percent windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas producers, referred to as a temporary, targeted Energy Profits Levy by Mr Sunak. BP's spokesperson said: "We know just how difficult things are for people across the UK right now and recognise the Government’s need to take action.  "As we have said before, we see many opportunities to invest in the UK, into energy security for today and into the energy transition for tomorrow. "Today's announcement is not for a one-off tax – it is a multi-year proposal. Naturally, we will now need to look at the impact of both the new levy and the tax relief on our North Sea investment plans."  The company's response comes after BP chief executive Bernard Looney told shareholders earlier this month a windfall tax on energy firms wouldn't change BP’s £18bn investment plans in the UK to 2030. Previously, Mr Looney said: "Our 18 billion pound plans are not somehow contingent on whether or not there is a windfall tax."  Tory MPs had rejected calls by Labour to levy a windfall tax on energy companies which have benefitted from high oil and gas prices. They had argued that such a tax would deter investment. But announcing a major U-turn, the Chancellor told the Commons that energy firms were making extraordinary profits while Britons struggled. Mr Sunak said: "We are introducing a temporary, targeted Energy Profits Levy charged on profits of oil and gas companies at a rate of 25 percent.   READ MORE ABOUT KATE'S FAVOURITE TAKEAWAY "We're also building in a new investment allowance that doubles the relief for the energy companies that invest their profits in the UK." BP recently posted an underlying profit of £4.9bn and said it would make just under £2bn of share buybacks in the second quarter of 2022. Energy companies already pay 40 percent of their profits in tax, but the extra levy announced by Mr Sunak will bring this up to 65 percent until December 2025. The tax bill hike might be phased out before then if oil and gas prices return to more normal levels.   DON'T MISS: Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road [REVEALED] UK immigration SURGE: Visas now staggering 145% HIGHER than 2021 [LATEST] Top doctor saw private patients while signed off sick from NHS [REPORT] Companies can also avoid almost all their tax bill after the Chancellor doubled the relief they can get for investing in new oil and gas extraction. In the past companies could receive 46p of tax relief for every £1 they invested in the UK, this will rise to 91p. The relief has sparked fears among environmental campaigners that more oil will flow from the North Sea as a result of the relief. The International Energy Agency warned previously that investment in new oil and gas projects must be halted to help tackle the climate crisis.  Ami McCarthy, political campaigner for Greenpeace UK, said: "This is utter stupidity. "Rewarding oil and gas extraction while doing nothing to encourage investment in renewables will not provide energy security, push bills even higher and pour fuel all over the climate crisis." She called for investment in green energy and home upgrades, including insulation. The boss of Offshore Energies UK, the trade body for the oil and gas sector, said investment would be hurt by the new levy.  Deirdre Michie said: "This is a disappointing and worrying development for industry, the shockwaves of which will be felt in offshore energy jobs and communities, and by consumers, for years to come." "[The levy] will drive away investors and so reduce UK energy production. That means less oil, less gas and less renewables. It also makes it much harder for the UK to reach net zero by 2050." 