Carer’s Allowance and state pension are seen as overlapping benefits, meaning Britons may lose their £69.70 weekly pay. However, if a person receives less than £69.70 per week from their pension they can receive Carer’s Allowance to make up the difference.   The Government website states: “You cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and your State Pension at the same time.” If a person receives more than the Carer’s Allowance rate from their pension, which is currently £69.70, they cannot receive Carer’s Allowance at all. If they receive less than this amount from their pension they can receive Carer’s Allowance to make up the difference. For example, if they receive £50 per week from their state pension they can receive an additional £19.70 from Carer’s Allowance to reach the £69.70 threshold. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak 'to offer up to £600' discount to millions this winter     However, claiming Pension Credit as well can complicate the situation even further. Pension Credit is aimed to help retirees on low income, and is largely under-utilised by the target age group. A person claiming Pension Credit, State Pension and Carer’s Allowance and they receive more than £69.70 per week they will not receive Carer’s Allowance. Instead their Pension Credit payments will be increased.  Technically speaking there is no upper age limit for Carer’s Allowance and even if one’s pension income is over the £69.70 limit, charities like Carers UK urge Britons to make their claim anyway. Even if they don’t actually receive payments from Carer’s Allowance, successfully claiming it will provide them with underlying entitlement. This entitlement basically means that they meet the conditions for Carer’s Allowance but cannot receive it due to overlapping benefits, and they will usually receive a letter confirming this. The entitlement could potentially increase one’s eligibility for other benefits, or enable them to get a higher rate of benefits they are already receiving.  Carers UK explained: “This is because having the 'underlying entitlement' to Carer's Allowance means that an amount called the Carer Addition will be included when working out whether you are entitled to means-tested benefits.” The amount one receives from state pension largely depends on the number of qualifying years where they paid National Insurance. To receive the full new state pension amount of £185.15 per week, one needs to have 35 qualifying years. However, for unpaid carers this can be slightly more difficult due to their caring responsibilities interfering with their usual employment.  Certain situations can make people eligible for National Insurance credits, including receiving: