Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, will be among the senior royals celebrating the Queen’s historic reign on Thursday, as she will join her husband Prince Edward and other members of The Firm on the balcony for the Trooping of the Colour, which marks the Sovereign’s official birthday and kicks off Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Across an extended bank holiday weekend, the nation will also pay tribute to the 70-year reign of Britain’s longest-serving monarch. When Sophie married Edward in 1999, she was a PR consultant and co-ran her own firm. The Queen’s youngest son also had his own business interests outside the Royal Family, with his TV company, Ardent Productions. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** While they continued in their private roles for a while, both agreed to put their careers to one side and focus solely on their royal responsibilities in the run-up to the Queen’s Golden Jubilee. Mr Fitzwilliams said: “That is well in the past. Both of them are extremely conscientious and both of them are not particularly high-profile, but they are becoming more so.” In recent weeks, the Wessexes have been assisting the Queen, who is experiencing ongoing mobility issues. The couple represented the monarch on day three of the Royal Windsor Horse Show in May, taking her place in the royal box. The couple attended the event with their daughter Lady Louise Windsor as Edward presented the awards for the Best Turned Out Trooper. Louise and her younger brother, James, Viscount Severn were brought up without using HRH (His/Her Royal Highness) styles. However, because Lady Louise turned 18 in November, she is now able to decide to use the title if she chooses. Mr Fitzwilliams said: “Will Lady Louise decide that she wants to do royal duties? DON'T MISS: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' in vicious attack [LATEST]Queen's Platinum Jubilee 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew [INSIGHT]Prince Charles' royal protocol on day of Queen's death explained by constitutional expert [ANALYSIS] “We will have to see at some point. It does not look like it, but we do not know.” Sophie addressed Louise's education, future and her potential use of HRH in a throwback interview. Speaking to The Sunday Times in June 2020, she said: "She's working hard and will do A-levels. “I hope she goes to university. I wouldn't force her, but if she wants to. She's quite clever. She added: "We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. “Hence, we made the decision not to use HRH titles. They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it's highly unlikely.” Louise studied A-Levels in English, History, Politics and Drama at St Mary's School Ascot. She has been reported to be one of the Queen’s favourite granddaughters.