Addressing comments made earlier this week by Rachel Mclean MP, Peter Kyle, MP for Hove, said Tory ministers need to “accept the reality” of the cost of living crisis, a disaster that is, in part, “because of the decisions they are making in Westminster”. Mr Kyle said it is not the job as a politician to “tell people to work harder and longer”, especially when many members of the British public are already working as hard as they can.    Mr Kyle said: “I met one person last week who was in two jobs and she’s a single parent. “The idea that she could work longer and therefore not spend time with her family, I think it’s just disconnected from the realities of people’s lives. “We had a minister last week that said people should be buying more budget food and supermarket own brand food. “What we need ministers to be doing is solving the economic problem that families have because of the economic problems our country faces.    “This is their job as politicians. Their jobs as politicians aren’t just to tell people to work harder and longer and go for a promotion. “It’s actually to accept the reality that because of the decisions they are making in Westminster, people are no longer able to eat a decent diet. “This is the situation that we face and there are direct political consequences to the priorities and decisions made in Westminster. “That is the reality we and people struggling with the cost of living crisis face.” READ MORE: Cost-of-living disaster will bring year of protests, says ESTHER MCVEY [OPINION]   It comes as Boris Johnson said he cannot "magic away" all the soaring food and energy expenses as he battles with increasing pressure to alleviate the cost-of-living crisis. Instead the Prime Minister vowed today to use the "firepower" of Government to "put our arms around people" as it did during the coronavirus pandemic. During a visit to Hilltop Honey's factory to Powys, Wales, Mr Johnson told reporters: "I'm not going to pretend to you that we can magic away every single expense that people are going to face as a result of a global spike in energy prices. "But be in no doubt that this will come down, we will get people through it. We will use the firepower we have built up to put our arms around people, just as we did during the pandemic." DON'T MISS: Sainsbury's diesel announcement to impact every petrol station in UK [REVEAL]'Don’t let shoplifters off if they steal food in desperation' [REPORT]BBC QT: Tory MP defends Government response as inflation soars  [INSIGHT]   Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer argues a Government U-turn on opposition to a windfall tax is "inevitable" as it would "raise billions of pounds, cutting energy bills across the country". But Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg set out fresh opposition from within the Cabinet as he argued it is wrong to raid the "honey pot of business". Mr Rees-Mogg told reporters: "Retrospective taxation is difficult because you are changing the understanding of what people do when they invest. "It's difficult because tax on corporations ultimately falls on individuals anyway, it either falls on individuals because the companies to maintain their net margin around the world increase their pricing in the UK. "Or it falls on individuals because the profit doesn't fall through to the dividends that fund their pensions. So I think the idea of a windfall tax as a panacea to the inflation problem is wrong."   