The fire, in the Bogorodsky region, East of the capital Moscow was shown on video images captured by the Tass News Agency. Flames can be seen pouring out of the massive industrial storage unit which is believed to house paper and cardboard products.  Taking to Twitter to share the extraordinary footage, analyst and researcher Olga Lautman said: “And another fire in Bogorodsky Moscow oblast. “The warehouse with paper is on fire over the entire area of 33,800 square metres. “There has been a partial collapse on the building.” She then goes on to add: "I wonder if anyone needs a fire reporter because every day I’m documenting fires across Russia.”  The fire broke out in a warehouse located on Kudinovskoye Highway in the urban district of Bogorodsky in the Moscow region, a source at the press service of the Emergency Situations Ministry reported on Tuesday. Almost 100 people and 33 pieces of equipment are involved in extinguishing the fire. The warehouse is located in a section dedicated to logistics and distribution. The fire threatens another warehouse located at a distance of 10 metres from the one on fire. The fire was given the third rank of complexity out of five.  READ MORE:Putin’s online army spreading Kremlin propaganda exposed The warehouse is located on the premises of a production and warehouse complex with a total area of 112 hectares. The area of all warehouses is 520,000 square metres. Textbooks and other printed products were stored inside the warehouse that caught fire. Aerial footage of the flames shows the vast area covered by the fire as it spread through the complex. The latest update from the official fire department in the region is the fire has now been brought under control and extinguished. The cause of the huge inferno has yet to be established or confirmed by Russian sources.  DON'T MISS:Charity advises transgender women to call 999 [REPORT]Bank Holiday weather leads to bizarre chemtrail theories [OPINION]Queen appearance on balcony for Jubilee ‘not guaranteed’ [ROYALS]