As Vladimir Putin’s commanders stepped up their campaign to secure the entire eastern area of the Donbas, the regional governor told of the horrors being inflicted on the ground there. Serhiy Haidai said part of the strategically important city of Severodonetsk - where 90 per cent of homes have been damaged by Russian shelling and their are countless casualties - was now under control of the Russian army. He also told Ukrainian state TV how Russian troops were slowly advancing towards the centre of the city. "In Severodonetsk, a part of the city is already under control of the Russian army," he told the 1+1 channel. “A few days ago they said they had seized the entire city – but this is not the case. “We have our boys there – they’re fighting back. So, they [Russians] are unable to advance freely. “I don’t think that there is an encirclement risk [of Severodonetsk]; a [troop] withdrawal remains possible to Lysychansk. “All the remaining territory under Ukrainian control is being shelled.” And he added on Telegram: "The situation in Severodonetsk is as complicated as possible.” He confirmed that the entire region was now under continuous bombardment - "air bombs, and artillery, and tanks. Everything". "The main efforts of the Russians are now focused on establishing control over the city," he wrote. But he added: “The fighting goes on.” The political head of Severodonetsk  Oleksandr Stryuk also told Ukrainian TV that the front line battles had now divided the city in two. “Unfortunately, the front line has cut the city into two halves, but the city is still defending [itself], the city is still Ukrainian," he said. He added that Russians have set up military positions in one half of the city. “The evacuation is suspended. Unfortunately, it’s impossible [to evacuate civilians]... because street fighting is continuing," he said. In his nightly address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky admitted that the situation in Donbas remained extremely difficult, but with Russian forces continuing to step up their offensive there. In its daily intelligence briefing, the UK’s Ministry of Defence said Russian "progress has been slow but gains are being held.” "Russia has achieved greater local successes than earlier in the campaign by massing forces and fires in a relatively small area. This forces Russia to accept risk elsewhere in occupied territory,” it added. But Kremlin gains are continuing and the first ship yesterday left the re-opened southern port of Mariupol heading for Russian city of Rostov-On-Don. Having failed to conquer all of Ukraine, Russian forces are now targeting Donbas - a region made up of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. If Severodonetsk and the nearby city of Lysychansk fall, the whole of Luhansk would be occupied. Meanwhile, in one possible sign of growing disquiet in the Kremlin, Valentin Yumashev, the son-in-law of former Russian leader Boris Yeltsin, who helped President Putin come to power, has quit his role as a Kremlin adviser.