 The White City Retail Park on Chester Road in Old Trafford has been partially sealed off following reports of an explosion. Emergency services are believed to be at the scene following the incident. Chester Road, a major thoroughfare south out of the city, is understood to be closed. Cadent Gas has confirmed its have engineers are on the scene, but it does not believe the incident is related to the gas network. The cause of the blast has yet to be confirmed, although witnesses say it happened in a gym equipment store. The centre houses a number of high street names, including Aldi, Currys, M&S, Nando's, The Gym and Furniture Village. A spokesperson for Cadent Gas told the Manchester Evening News: "We have arrived on scene and are checking our assets, but there is no suggestion that this is connected to the gas network."  Electricity North West has reported a power cut across Chester Road, which witnesses have said was caused by a power surge following the explosion. A spokesperson for the company said: "We received reports of a power cut at 1:41pm affecting 25 properties on Chester Road due to a fault with an underground electricity cable. "We responded immediately and using our automatic restoration systems power was restored to all properties within the hour at 2:28pm and now, teams of engineers are on site carrying out repair work to the damaged cable." The explosion comes just a few days after an Army bomb squad was sent to Bolton, near Manchester, following reports of a "small explosion". The Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) attended and found a "viable" device last Sunday, May 1. Bomb disposal officers then made the device safe. READ MORE: Ex publican is accused of sending Covid loans to fund ISIS [REVEAL]  Greater Manchester Police has since issued an appeal for information about the incident. Detective Inspector Sarah Bell, of GMP's Bolton CID, said: "The EOD attended and made the device safe but confirmed it was a viable device. "We are appealing for information, in particular can we ask that members of the public check CCTV and dashcam footage on Longcauseway and Moorhead Close." It is also approaching the five year anniversary of the Manchester Arena bombing on May 22, 2017. An Islamist extremist suicide bomber detonated a shrapnel-laden homemade bomb as people were leaving the Manchester Arena following a concert by American singer Ariana Grande. 22 people were killed in the explosion, and 1,017 were injured, many of them children. 