Cristiano Ronaldo will be absent when Manchester United face Crystal Palace on Sunday, according to reports. The Portugal international has been in fine form this season, scoring 24 goals across all competitions. However, injury will now prevent him from taking to the field in the final match of the Red Devils' season. Manchester United will go up against Palace on Sunday in their final Premier League game hoping to secure qualification for the Europa League. But The Athletic have revealed Ronaldo will miss the showdown at Selhurst Park with a hip flexor issue. The United star has had several short-term injury problems this term, ever since his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus back in the summer transfer window. Yet he's still been able to produce the goods on the field, regardless, netting 24 goals across all competitions - more than any other player at Old Trafford. Paul Pogba will also miss the match, less than 24 hours after reports said the France international was wary of playing due to the potential backlash he'd receive from travelling fans. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United have had a horrendous campaign. But they must win in London to ensure they’re playing in the Europa League, rather than the UEFA Conference League next term. Amid the chaos at Old Trafford, there’s been talk of Ronaldo potentially leaving United when the transfer window reopens this summer. Real Madrid have emerged as potential suitors, while Paris Saint-Germain have also been linked amid uncertainty over the future of Kylian Mbappe. However, all signs presently point to the Portugal international staying put for another year. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag That means Ronaldo playing under Erik ten Hag. And Ten Hag, when quizzed on the Portugal international in midweek, labelled him a ‘giant’ of the game. "From tomorrow (Monday), my focus will be on United, and I will of course get deep into things there,” he said. "What I have to say about it is, the detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. "We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo himself, meanwhile, has wished Ten Hag ‘all the best’ ahead of working with the Dutchman at United. "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach,” he said.“But we need to give him time. "Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."