Hulu’s dystopian series The Handmaid’s Tale is expected to premiere its highly anticipated fifth season this year after a jaw-dropping finale. After a huge clue from Elisabeth Moss, who portrayed June Osborne, it looks as though Serena Joy (played by Yvonne Strahovski) could seek revenge for Fred’s (Joseph's Fiennes) death.  Fred met a brutal death in season three of after June and a group of ex-handmaids chased him and beat him to death. As a commander and one of the establishers of Gilead, Fred was instrumental in creating the authoritarian society which held June captive for seven years. She was also the subject of sexual, mental and physical abuse, which she would have to comply with or face execution by hanging. As this was a common way Fred sentenced women to death, the final scene showed his headless corpse hung on a wall. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money His wife Serena, who was being held in Canadian custody, received his finger in the post and, although viewers didn't see her reaction, they saw the guard's shock. Since the finale, fans have anticipated June would be forced into hiding as they had a very public court case and she would likely be the first suspect. Others were convinced season five would see her join the resistance and take down Gilead through them while trying to find her daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake). Throughout the series, June had been trying to reunite with Hannah after she had been ripped from her arms and placed to live with a different family.  Thankfully, Elisabeth Moss shared a major hint about the upcoming instalment, during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with host Andy Cohen. When a fan asked what she was most looking forward to, the actress responded: “It's a really big season. “We’re on location a lot, we’re in the studio very, very little and so there’s a lot of new things to see.” Moss listed: “New location, new sets, new places. We’re shooting out of Toronto all the time.”  DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale June star admits she 'can't keep up' with season 5 [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale review: A harrowing dystopian novel [INSIGHT] Cohen predicted: “I think killing Fred is going to somehow activate Serena Joy in dangerous ways.” To which, Moss hinted: “Oh you wouldn’t believe it, it’s not good, she’s not happy.” With Serena pregnant and currently being held in custody it's yet to be seen how she would enforce revenge on June. However, she was awaiting trial for her crimes in Gilead and depending on the verdict, there’s a chance she could be found not guilty and receive freedom.  While she’s aware if she was made aware her unborn child belonged to Gilead and if she was to return she would also face punishment there. In a separate interview, Serena star also shared what could be in store for her character and hinted at her group of fans being revisited. On her potential storyline, Strahovski suggested: “Or something based off the fan group we saw her have with the Commander when people stepped out and were cheering for them. “I just, I think that would be a very frustrating portrayal, which would be interesting to watch.” The Handmaid’s Tale is available on Hulu in the US and on All 4 in the UK. 