May is packed with two bank holidays, marking the start and the end of the month. While millions of people across the UK will take the time off to relax, the burdens of everyday life could send many of us on the hunt for some essentials at the supermarket. These are the opening times you should expect at Tesco, Morrisons and Asda on Monday, May 2. Tesco is one of the nation’s favourite supermarkets, with Clubcard offers and bank holiday deals on offer in every store. Whether you’re looking for some extra treats to enjoy or are in need of some back-to-work essentials for tomorrow, it is worth noting that the retailer will be operating reduced hours across most of its branches. Store openings will vary depending on location and store type, but exactly when can you expect your local branch to open today? READ MORE: UK weather: Britons face Bank Holiday freeze as chilly blast hits The majority of Tesco Extra stores in England and Wales will be open from 8am to 6pm. Some stores, including larger Tesco sites in Scotland, will stay open for 12 hours - opening from 8am to 8pm. Tesco Express stores will keep their normal opening hours in operation throughout the day, unless they are based within a larger shopping centre. It is best to check the exact times for your nearest branch by using the Tesco store locator. Asda is opening much later than usual this bank holiday Monday, meaning customers will not be able to visit stores for an early morning shop. The supermarket has confirmed a 10am opening time for branches across the country today. A 5pm closing time will also be in operation, offering shoppers just a seven-hour window to visit their local Asda store. Asda advises that times vary across their supermarkets and to check your local store’s opening hours using their store locator. Like most supermarkets, the retailer will be operating normal opening hours from Tuesday, May 3. DON'T MISS:Traffic chaos expected for bank holiday weekend with 16m hitting roads [INSIGHT]Eid al-Fitr 2022 start and end: Key dates you need to know [REVEALMet Office forecast 'heavy' rain as Brits brace for weekend washout [ANALYSIS] Unlike Asda, Morrisons will be open earlier than most other supermarkets today. Stores across the UK will operate with their usual opening time of 7am, with plenty of time for shoppers to visit their local branch before enjoying the rest of their day off. Morrisons will be closing earlier than usual, with most sites closing at 8pm - a couple of hours earlier than usual. The online store locator can be used to check the operating hours for your local store to avoid being caught out.