Nick Knowles and the DIY SOS team travelled to Corby in Northamptonshire to help inspirational teen Jordan Hutchison. In a desperate situation, the Hutchison family were immensely grateful when they were saved by DIY SOS. But they claim they have received abuse online, even facing accusations that they'd sold the newly-renovated home and moved to Dubai, as it had taken two-and-a-half years for their episode to air on TV. According to the Mirror, the family say that the abuse forced them to come off social media and change their phone numbers. The show's team and hundreds of volunteers visited the Hutchinson family home in Corby, back in 2019. However, post-production of their show was held up due to the Covid pandemic. "There was a rumour going around that we sold our house and moved to Dubai," said mum, Jackie, speaking to BBC Radio Northampton. Jackie also admitted she was feeling "anxious" ahead of the episode airing on BBC One on Tuesday night (May 17). "I'm just thankful that it is going on air and people can see that we are very much still loving every second of our life in our home and we will never, ever be selling our house." The main reason for DIY SOS getting involved was to support inspiring teenager Jordan, who has cerebral palsy and epilepsy, but this has not stopped him from defying expectations.  When Jordan, who is now 19, was born, his parents were told that he would never walk or talk. Despite this, the determined teen is doing far more than that and has raised thousands of pounds to help pay for equipment and facilities for other young people in need. The Hutchisons had been living in rented accommodation for 12 years because the house they owned wasn’t big enough to house Jordan’s specialised equipment. They had started a project to modify their home to suit Jordan's needs using a £60,000 loan, but ran into unforeseen issues and were unable to finish the build. "We had no bedroom, no downstairs facilities for Jordan," explained Jackie. "It was difficult, life was really hard and we couldn't really see the end of it." Dad Colin is Jordan’s primary carer and has saved his life a number of times when his son suffered epileptic seizures in his sleep. Mum Jackie isn’t physically strong enough to help Jordan and so works in a children’s home, saving every penny to spend on finishing their home. Jordan is a growing lad with a very strong mind and he just wanted his independence like any other young man his age, but he didn't have the space or facilities in which to develop. Their living situation and the financial stress of the unfinished build took its toll on the whole family, and Jackie even collapsed.   Left with no water or power in their house, the couple and their three children were forced to move in with their grandmother until DIY SOS got in touch. At the fourth attempt, their prayers were answered as producers of the BBC show got in touch to say they had been accepted. The house needed extensive work before the family could move back in, so tonnes of tradespeople and volunteers from Corby and across the UK came to help. Plumbers, electricians, plasterers, decorators and gardeners worked on transforming the house in October 2019 along with the DIY SOS team and designer Gabrielle Omar. Presenter Nick said more than 100 local suppliers and volunteers had "become really involved with the family".  "It is an extraordinary thing, it's the best of our society and it's massively emotional," he explained. "I get really attached to the family. It's life-changing stuff."   Thanking the volunteers outside their home, mum Jackie admitted their lives had been completely transformed and the build had kept them together as a family. "Before you guys came, our life was a mess," she admitted while breaking down in tears. "And the past 12 months have been horrendous. "Having a look at the house now and seeing how generous and kind you have all been has been amazing." 