BBC Two will be airing Floodlights tomorrow night (May 17) at 9pm. The programme is based on Andy Woodward’s decision to go public about the sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his youth coach Barry Bennell while he was at Crewe Alexandra between the ages of 11 and 15. Floodlights follows Andy as a young boy with a love for the beautiful game to becoming a professional footballer. However, the crushing emotional trauma of his abuse leads his career to be cut short. Andy was one of the first former football players to come forward and speak about his abuse, prompting hundreds of other young men to also speak out about their abuse. The ex-Bury and Sheffield United player’s revelations sent shockwaves through the football industry - not only across Britain but the globe, given the scale of the abuse. Bennell is serving a 34-year sentence for sexual offences against children. Speaking about Floodlights, Andy said: “I decided to bring out the story of what happened to me in order to help other victims and their families. After I did, the scale of it became huge and it developed into something so massive, that I was approached by people asking if I’d thought about doing a film. “I’d seen the film Spotlight, which was from a journalist and investigation perspective, and I didn’t think there was a film out there from the victim’s perspective. So, it came about from that.” Andy went on to say: “In the past when I’ve watched drama or film about a true story, it emotionally hits you on so many different levels, it has layers behind it rather than just factual information. “You can identify with the characters and get emotionally involved with them. I do feel that this drama has such a big impact on a deep emotional level.” Gerard Kearns takes on the role of Andy Woodward, who finds the courage to speak out about his abuse ordeal. The actor is best known for his roles in Shameless, The Last Kingdom, and Looking for Eric as well as Peterloo, Chernobyl, and The English Game. Speaking about portraying a real-life figure, Kearns said: “It’s not so much a pressure as just really wanting to make sure you do their story justice. “I didn’t want to let anyone down, especially Andy. It was a team effort, not all just on my shoulders, but I wanted to make sure that I hit the emotional beats in every scene, for Andy’s sake.” Jonas Armstrong plays the disgraced football youth scout Barry Bennell, who used his position of power to abuse man young boys. Armstrong has appeared in Line of Duty, ITV’s The Bay, Robin Hood, Ripper Street, and The Drowning. He will next be featuring in Three Day Millionaire and Look the Other Way and Run. Scottish actress Morven Christie is no stranger to screens and takes on the part of Andy’s mother Jean Woodward. Among her biggest roles include The A Word, Grantchester, Ordeal by Innocence, and The Bay - which reunites her with co-star Armstrong. DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed [VIEWER REACTION]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat [ANALYSIS] Steve Edge is Andy’s father Terry Woodward, with the actor appearing in The Madame Blanc Mysteries, Benidorm, Starlings, and Scarborough. Taking on the role of former football manager Neil Warnock is Antony Byrne, whose previous credits include Outlander, The Witcher, and Grace. Other cast members in Floodlights include Max Fletcher as Young Woody, Neil Bell as DS Haleford, Mark Holgate as DC Blakefield, and Mohammad Sakhi as Ash Stephenson. Floodlights airs on BBC Two tomorrow at 9pm