Ronnie O’Sullivan became the oldest World Snooker Championship winner ever on Monday at the age of 46 as he saw off Judd Trump to land a record-equalling seventh title. And now his cousin has explained how his family “broke down” as they watched him make history. O’Sullivan was at his mesmerising best throughout the Crucible tournament as he saw off David Gilbert, Mark Allen, Stephen Maguire and John Higgins on his way to the showpiece event. And he stormed to a 12-5 lead as he dominated the early stages of the final against Trump. His Bristol-based opponent reduced the deficit to 14-11 - but O’Sullivan eventually won the match 18-13 to lift the trophy. And O’Sullivan’s cousin Maria Catalano, who also plays snooker, has revealed exactly what the victory meant to his nearest and dearest. “We all watched it as a family - there wasn’t one dry eye in our house,” she said. “We broke down with him. He’s the spitting image of my dad - I see my dad in him a little bit. It was very emotional. I always knew Ronnie was the greatest - I can’t believe he’s my cousin sometimes. We used to spend a lot of time together when I was younger. He helped me out a lot.” READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan claims he will never be snooker GOAT  Catalano, who is named after O’Sullivan’s mother, will become the first woman to take part in the World Seniors Snooker Championship when she takes on Egypt’s Wael Talaat on Thursday. The 40-year-old was handed an invitation to play at the Crucible tournament by WSS chairman Jason Francis three weeks ago. The likes of Stephen Hendry, John Parrott and Ken Doherty are also playing at the tournament, and Catalano could set up a second-round clash against Jimmy White if she gets the better of Talaat. And the Dudley-based player admits she’s looking forward to the experience after seeing her form drop in recent seasons following the death of her father in 2018. DON'T MISS...Ronnie O'Sullivan tipped to finish with 10 World Championships Ronnie O'Sullivan 'was ready to quit' snooker 11 years before recordWST make decision on punishing O'Sullivan after World Championship win   “I was finding it difficult to practice, just feeling I was getting nothing out of it,” Catalano continued. “I didn’t practice a lot and my last season’s results speak for themselves. I feel this opportunity has turned my life a little bit. “To be in the same competition as Jimmy is a dream for me, let alone having the chance to play him. If this can encourage any lady or girl to play, that’s my aim - to try and promote women in snooker. It’s still under the radar.” 