Multiple rail tankers containing solvents exploded at a factory in Dzerzhinsk, a city 250 miles east of Moscow. More than 150 emergency workers were called out to the scene, where they spent nine hours battling the blaze. The fire, which occurred at around 11am on Wednesday, was spread across 2,500 square metres. Massive plumes of smoke were visible rising up from the factory. This comes as numerous facilities across Russia, many with military links, have been hit by mystery fires. The incidents have caused speculation of possible sabotage by Ukraine as part of a fightback against Putin's invasion. For example, an explosives plant and an enlistment office in Russia were both targeted, with the latter being struck by Molotov cocktails.  A total of 22 people were also killed in a fire which took place at a missile design research institute, owned by the Russian Ministry of Defence. There have also been reports of sabotage within Ukraine, with attacks being launched on Russian controlled facilities. For example, a Russian-controlled oil depot in Ukraine burst into flames sending a fire-ball into the sky, after what is thought to have been a missile strike. The oil depot is located near Russian-occupied Makiivka, in the eastern Donetsk region of Ukraine. This comes as Russia continues its onslaught on the country. Despite the Kremlin last month saying it would scale back operations near Kyiv and Chernihiv, Russia has continued its heavy siege on many parts of Ukraine. Earlier this week, analysis by the Kyiv School of Economics (KSE) revealed that Russia's invasion of Ukraine is inflicting $4.5bn (£3.6bn) worth of damage to Ukraine's infrastructure every week. The total amount of direct infrastructure damage has reached $92bn (£73.7bn) since the invasion began on February 24 2022.  More than 33,000 sq metres of residential buildings have suffered damage during the war, estimated to be worth almost $30bn (£24bn) in total. Meanwhile, more than 23,0000km of road and 90,000 cars have been damaged or destroyed in the onslaught. However, Putin's forces have also been taking heavy losses since their invasion of Ukraine began on February 24 2022. More than 15,000 Russian troops are thought to have been killed in the war so far, according to UK Government figures. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said that 2,000 Russian armoured vehicles have also been destroyed or captured, including 530 tanks. Meanwhile, more than 60 Russian helicopters and fighter jets have been demobilised.