Cathy (played by Gabrielle Dowling) has become more of a regular face on Emmerdale over the past couple of months, notably, when she developed a crush on Samson Dingle (Sam Hall). The youngster realised she wasn't going to win his heart as he had developed feelings for Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) and ever since, she has been trying to get the two together. However, as she begins to notice something is off with Amelia, she could be the one who finds her life in danger in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Amelia sits down to talk with Samson after developing an obsession with social media. After receiving some negative comments about a picture she posted, the youngster feels utter humiliated and this doesn't help her self-confidence. Trying to be a shoulder to cry on, Samson offers her some reassurance she is beautiful, regardless of what people say about her online. Later in the week, it seems the young schoolgirl wants to keep altering her appearance through diet as she has started to take supplements. Noticing Amelia is carrying around a suspicious bottle, Cathy quizzes her about it and so the teenager has to think quick on her feet. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Having caught a glimpse of the name of the company on the bottle, Cathy comes across some innocent advertisements selling supplements. Although it doesn't seem sinister, Amelia spins a lite and tries to distract her friend from researching the substances any further. She knows they are dangerous and not doing any good for her health but she continues to take them to help her self-confidence. However, she does feel bad for taking them and this is seen when she makes every effort to ensure Cathy doesn't start taking them. Unfortunately, she cannot watch Cathy like a hawk 24/7 and this could prove to be a fatal mistake as the youngster could decide she wants to start taking the supplements. Seeing Amelia walking about with a clean bill of health, Cathy might not see the problem with her taking a few to help her with her self-confidence. What could happen in Cathy's case is she could take the wrong dosage of supplements and instead of seeing the advantages, she could end up being poisoned. Amelia could be the person to find her friend passed out and she could call an ambulance to rush her to the hospital for treatment. Knowing what the teenager has taken, Amelia would be helping the medical professionals to give her friend the most effective form of care. Sadly, they might not be able to act in time as the youngster could die as a result of the poison leaking through her body. DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT]Danny Miller's depression forced him to halt Emmerdale filming [COMMENT] Amelia would feel a great sense of guilt, knowing her self-confidence issues caused Cathy to contemplate taking the dangerous substances. However, will she admit to the young girl's family she played a part in the teenager's death or will she keep it a secret? If she does confess what she believes to be a sin, will the likes of Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) be able to forgive her? Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson told Express.co.uk and other media the young cast were ones to keep an eye on. The show boss explained about the future storylines: "I think it's really important for the show that we have stories aimed at everybody." "What makes soaps different from a lot of dramas is our reach, which is teens right up to 90 plus. We've got a lot of viewers to keep happy," she added. "This year the likes of Noah, Amelia, Samson, Archie, Cathy and Sarah – you're going to be seeing them much more prominent in the stories because they deal with topics that affect their generation and we see how they handle things. "It's really important that we keep our youngsters coming through because they are our next generation," Jane remarked. Could it be she was hinting at the storyline which would see Cathy's character written out of the show for good? If so, will the truth about her death come out as part of a set of explosive storylines being curated for the soap's 50th anniversary? Jane said: "We're going to be having a golden month of celebration to mark our 50th. "There are going to be mind-blowing stunts, more heartbreaks, secrets and lies are revealed. It's going to be the gift that keeps on giving and the party no one wants to end. "Our 2022 is very much going to be building our stories for the 50th golden month of celebrations. We need to make this the biggest year we've ever had. "We've already got some great stuff planned. Our focus at the moment is to really build those stories so when we get to our golden month of celebration, we've got secrets that the viewers are desperate to be revealed." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.