Victoria Beckham has admitted she decided to make a change recently in a bid to feel “sexy again”. The 48-year-old has switched up her gym routine and opted to wear fewer layers as she showcases her new look. The star was discussing her new fashion line, VB Body, which includes jersey dresses and separates that “nip you in at the waist” and “hold you in all the right places”. Explaining her reasoning behind the new venture, Victoria said: “ This isn’t just about me. For quite a few years, the more time I spent working in fashion, the more clothes I wore and I ended up buried under all these “fashion” layers. “So last year when I was in Miami and starting to go out again, post-Covid, I wanted a change. I wanted to feel sexy again.” She added to Grazia that her husband David, 47, was a big fan of her new look. “Much as I do dress for myself, I also love the fact that he [David] loves me in these dresses. Men love to see a bit of shape,” said the former Spice Girl. In the same interview, Victoria also admitted she wanted to improve on her bottom - making it even more sculpted than before by switching up her gym regime, adding in weight training. The star had previously been “scared” to use weights, but she now loves using them and the new muscle tone they have given her. As far as gym buddies go, Victoria revealed David is “hilarious” to exercise with, because he always “procrastinates”. Earlier this month, Victoria said Becks “can’t get enough of her” as she spotted him peeking in to admire her. The singer-turned-designer could be seen posing in front of a mirror as husband David sneakily watched on. She was modelling a sultry LBD from her collection while David hid behind a wall to spy on her. The pictures were shared in view of Victoria’s 29.9 million followers. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [INSIGHT]Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere [PICTURES]Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [CONFESSION] The former Spice Girls star penned: “Someone can't get enough of VB Body @davidbeckham,” alongside a laughing emoji and a side-eye emoji. In more recent snaps, Posh donned a little black dress that reminded her fans of the fashion designer's Spice Girls era. She could be seen coyly looking away from the camera as she sat cross-legged with one hand on her hip. In the caption, the designer said she was “on set, slipping into [her] VB Body mini dress for the weekend”. Her fans rushed to the comments section to point out her Posh Spice traits. Jornochico quipped: “Nice! Posh spice is ready to get up on that stage again?” Panagiotis_kalaritis asked: “A little black dress???? Mmmmm posh spice is going on the throne again ????” Erick.mals chimed in: “Posh Spice is coming right back at ya come on.” (sic) The full interview and photo-shoot appears in the new issue of GRAZIA outnow (17 May 2022) www.graziadaily.co.uk