Yellowstone season five will air on The Paramount Network from November 13 and viewers are excited to discover the fates of the Dutton family. Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) suffered some setbacks in season four and her quest for vengeance continues. The TV star recently revealed how many episodes will make up the fifth season. The upcoming season of Yellowstone is expected to be the most explosive yet as it will be split into two parts. The two halves of Yellowstone are intended to introduce the spin-off series from creator Taylor Sheridan. His huge deal with Paramount includes the release of 1932, set after the events of 1883. Actress Kelly Reilly has taken to Instagram to give an update on the show's format. Posting a stunning mountain view in Montana, she said: "Lily of the valley made it from my garden today to this beautiful valley in Montana. READ MORE: Could John Dutton die in Yellowstone season 5? "I have missed these mountains so much, this cast and crew and of course her... #season5 #yellowstone." In a separate comment, she added: "Forgot to say November 13! 14 episodes folks." Fans flocked to the comments to express their excitement over the extended season. Audreyebradley said: "I’m so excited to hear there will be 14 episodes in November!! "The best show on TV and you’re the most talented actress!!!! I saw you and Kevin Costner on ET last night and you looked gorgeous!!" Debala0916 added: "Music to my ears Kelly, I’ve hoped forever more episodes would be added, so happy, can’t wait for season 5!" Katherinezaneski simply replied: "14 episodes?! I'M SO READY!!" Seven episodes will air in each of the two volumes, but a release date for the second half is yet to be announced. Production for season five started in May 2022, with the cast back filming in Montana. The season four finale hit a new series high with 9.3million viewers tuning in. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly returns to filming as she confirms big news [INSIGHT] Cole Hauser famous family: Meet the Yellowstone star's siblings [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [DISCUSSION] As for what fans can expect from the upcoming episodes, Jennifer Landon and Kathryn Kelly have been bumped up to series regulars. This means Teeter and Emily could have big storylines in the new outing. The new episodes will also explore what Kayce Dutton’s (Luke Grimes) ominous vision might mean for the future of the ranch. The future is also looking complicated for Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) and Emily. Beth's future is also being questioned as she entered a war with Market Equities CEO, Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver). Rip Wheeler actor Cole Hauser teased the upcoming season will be the best yet. He told the Wall Street Journal: "Season five is going to be wonderful. "The way we ended season four—I can't give too much away, but the way season four ends, I think the audience... will be happily surprised." The actor sent fans into a frenzy when he posted an Instagram update announcing filming was underway. He said: "Let’s go to work! @yellowstone @paramountnetwork S5 coming @emersonmiller". The star was pictured on horseback in front of the iconic Yellowstone ranch.  Yellowstone season 5 returns to The Paramount Network on November 13.