When Apple first unveiled the iPod back in 2001 it shook the world with this device offering a revolutionary way to listen to music. When it launched, many consumers were still using devices such as portable CD players which could only hold around 13 tracks before needing to change the disk. The original iPod could hold a staggering 1,000 songs and also arrived with features including a fast-charging battery and the ability to stop tracks from skipping if you used it whilst running. Apple even included its faster way to transfer files which meant it was much quicker to load your music library onto the device. The iPod was well ahead of its time but after over 20 years on sale, Apple is now calling time on this iconic gadget with the company confirming that it's being discontinued. Once the current iPod Touch sells out, there will be no more mini music players arriving in stores with Apple saying that its customers are now using other devices to listen to their favourite songs and playlist. The rise of the iPhone and other devices such as the HomePod and iPad has meant less people have felt the need to own a dedicated music player. “Music has always been part of our core at Apple, and bringing it to hundreds of millions of users in the way iPod did impacted more than just the music industry — it also redefined how music is discovered, listened to, and shared,” said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Today, the spirit of iPod lives on. We’ve integrated an incredible music experience across all of our products, from the iPhone to the Apple Watch to HomePod mini, and across Mac, iPad, and Apple TV. And Apple Music delivers industry-leading sound quality with support for spatial audio — there’s no better way to enjoy, discover, and experience music.” Since the first iPod was revealed on stage by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs its been through many transformations. The original click-wheel design led to versions including the tiny iPod Shuffle which could clip to your clothes and the all-screen iPod Touch which looked more like an iPhone than a music device. If you want an iPod there's still time with some still in stock but once they are gone Apple won't be adding any more to its stores so you might need to be quick.