The Lord of the Rings revealed they were expanding their iconic franchise with an upcoming TV drama which sent fans into a frenzy after the trailer was unveiled during the 2022 SuperBowl. With much anticipation surrounding its release, the show’s bosses dropped a major update.  Amazon made huge waves back in 2017 when it was revealed they had purchased the global rights to the TV adaptation of The Lord of the Rings. However, it was only in early 2022 when Amazon announced the upcoming series based on JR Tolkien’s books would be titled ‘Rings of Power'. Anticipated to be the most expensive TV show of all time, fans are excited to see how the iconic films will be adapted into a series. Especially as the movie adaptations are some of the most profitable and awarded films of all time. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark The first eight episodes of the series will take place in New Zealand, where the films were originally produced. British fans can swoon with glee as it was recently revealed that season two would be shot in the UK in an all-new facility. Dan Grabiner, Head of UK Originals at Amazon, told Express.co.uk and other press outlets at Amazon’s Prime Video Presents 2022 event: “Lord of the Rings, (we’re) super excited. “The Rings of Power, it’s coming to Prime Video and launching on September 2 globally.”  He shared: “It’s a really exciting moment for millions of fans across the globe and then selfishly from us in the UK. “We’re excited that season two production is coming home to the UK so that’s a really exciting moment. “And I think another kind of expression of our belief and admiration for the industry here and the craftsmanship and the creative infrastructure that the UK has. “I think we should also recognize that the last couple of years has been very tough making film and television, especially some of the bigger scale scripted shows in particular through Covid.”  DON'T MISS...David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [INSIGHT]Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT]One Wordle clone to rule them all: Try new daily puzzle for LOTR fans [INSIGHT] Grabiner continued: “So we are very very lucky to have worked with some brilliant, brilliant production partners who have kept the shows going and figured out clever ways of working all over the country. “We looked at the footprint of our production in the UK and it’s literally everywhere. A lot in the highlands in Scotland, we filmed at the very tip of Cornwall. We’re very proud of that." The Amazon boss revealed: “A big milestone of that is us taking a long lease and building a big new studio in Shepperton. “We’re gonna continue filming everywhere and partnering with different studio spaces across locations but having a long-term state of the art home for Amazon Studios in the UK is brilliant."  He concluded: “And it’s not just UK originals we make here, some of Amazon’s biggest global originals will call the UK home, like Lord of the Rings will do this year.” Ahead of the show’s release, Samwise Gamgee star Sean Astin shared his thoughts on the new series and told IGN: “I, for one, am excited. “I saw the preview for it, and it gave me chills. It looked like they got it. "I've been saying the whole time, they're gonna do it right. “There's no way Amazon is gonna pay almost a billion dollars for a franchise just to screw it up.” Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will air on Amazon Prime Video on September 2. 