Max Verstappen was over the moon to win his close battle with Charles Leclerc at the Miami Grand Prix after a tense final few laps. Verstappen had it all to do on Sunday with both Ferraris ahead of him on the grid at the start.  Heading into the first corner, Verstappen got a jump on Carlos Sainz, who had to yield to the reigning F1 champion after losing the racing line. From there, Verstappen was quickly hunting down Leclerc with the Red Bull quicker through the final two sectors. It wasn't long until the Dutchman made his move and looked in control of the race from that point. A Safety Car period towards the end of the race threatened his lead though with Leclerc seemingly re-energised by the brief break. The Ferrari driver was within DRS range for a few laps, but Verstappen kept his rival at bay before crossing the line for his third win of the season. Verstappen looked more relieved than anything after climbing out of his car at the end of the race, quickly taking on fluid for what was an extremely hot race. JUST IN: Martin Brundle blanked by David Beckham in awkward exchange in Miami  But the 24-year-old was happy he and Leclerc were still able to put on a show for the Miami crowd on Sunday. "It was an incredible Grand Prix," he said. "Very physical as well, but I think we kept it exciting until the end ." Verstappen was then asked by Willy T. Ribbs whether he could take up boxing. Verstappen replied: "I think I'll stick to racing but I appreciate a lot of boxing," "It felt a bit like that out there and how we feel right now. But incredibly happy winning here in Miami."  **We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit /sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.**