Prime Minister Boris Johnson has declared that helping people with the cost-of-living crisis and growing the economy are two of his biggest priorities. Setting his principles out in the Queen's Speech, however, he announced little new immediate support. He instead focused on structural reforms around energy supply, education, planning rules and community improvement. This, he said, would unlock stronger growth and spread it across wider areas of the UK. Mr Johnson said he understood the pain households across the country are feeling with energy bills soaring and the prices of consumer goods increasing. However, he warned that the Government could not protect everyone from the fallout, and said: "No country is immune and no government can realistically shield everyone from the impact." The Government has already pledged £22billion of help to the hardest hit, as well as aid in cutting household bills. However, those living with the burden of the cost of living crisis will feel little comfort from the Prime Minister’s latest offerings. Many are now having to choose between whether to turn their heating on or put food on the table. The Daily Telegraph spoke to several people in the country about how they were coping with the soaring prices, including 47-year-old care assistant Donna, who said she had started eating less hot food: “I have noticed it recently [the changes]. “My kids have left home and it’s just me and my partner. “I’m washing after six now. We don’t really put the heating on. We wrap. If we put the heating on to take the cold out of the air, it’s after six and it’s only for an hour.” She added: “We’re eating a lot of cold food, so as not to have to cook.” Many disagree with the Prime Minister that more cannot be done to help shield many Britons from the cost-of-living crisis. Earlier this month, Shell, the oil and gas giant, reported a quarterly profit of £7.3billion for the first three months of the year. JUST IN: Boris's Brexit mess handed Sinn Fein Northern Ireland on a plate This was just months after it and fellow oil and gas company BP announced 2021 profits of £14billion and £9.5billion respectively. It has piled the pressure on the Government to give attention to a windfall tax, something that the Labour Party has repeatedly referred to as being the key to solving the issue of the cost-of-living crisis. A windfall tax is levied on an unforeseen or unexpectedly large profit. Both Shell and BP's profits were unexpectedly high: in Shell's instance, in the same time period last year — the first quarter — it reported profits of £2.6billion, meaning that it made £4.7billion between the first quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 alone. Michael Jacobs, professor of political economy at the University of Sheffield, and managing editor of NewEconomyBrief.net, argues that "the case for a UK windfall tax on oil and gas giants is unanswerable." Writing in an opinion piece for The Guardian, he set out how a windfall tax would help ease the burden of the cost-of-living crisis, noting how figures from the political spectrum have now got on board with Labour's plan. DON'T MISS Michael Gove warns EU to play ball or see Brexit deal collapse [REPORT] 'No other solution!' EU leader threatens to 'revoke' Brexit [INSIGHT] United Ireland 'not inevitable' despite Sinn Fein's historic win [ANALYSIS] He wrote: "The basic idea of a windfall tax is very simple. Over the past year the huge rise in global oil and gas prices has provided oil and gas companies with vastly expanded profits. "BP has just announced 2021 profits of £9.5billion (compared with a loss of £4.2billion the year before) and Shell £14billion (a four-fold increase). "If these additional profits were taxed, the revenues could be used to help reduce energy bills for hard-pressed consumers." Many maintain that a windfall tax would be "economically illiterate", like Annabel Denham, director of communications at the Institute of Economic Affairs. Writing in The Telegraph, she said it would disincentivise investment, reduce output, and increase prices for customers. Others argue that a windfall tax on the companies would be unfair given that they already pay twice the tax rate of other companies. UK oil and gas companies pay total corporation tax on their profits at 40 percent. But they benefit from a wide range of incentives and relief schemes for investment and decommissioning. The result, Prof Jacobs says, is that most UK oil and gas companies have "barely paid any tax over the last five years". Nineteen North Sea oil and gas companies, including BP and Shell, he says, have in fact been net recipients of taxpayers' money. Prof Jacobs writes: "These rebates have made the UK tax regime one of the most generous in the world, with an average levy per barrel of oil of under $2 (£1.62), compared with, for example, $21 (£17) in Norway." He concludes: "Far from being economically illiterate, a windfall tax is economically very rational. "A huge spike in oil and gas prices is being passed on to UK consumers, with those on low incomes catastrophically hit. "On the other side of the ledger, these costs appear as huge windfall profits to oil and gas companies, unrelated to anything they have done. "This is grossly inequitable. Taxing some of these profits to provide help to low-income energy bill payers is an entirely sensible way of rebalancing the costs and benefits. "But it will need political will to make it happen." This week, Labour said a windfall tax on North Sea oil gas operators could raise more than £2billion to cushion the pain of rising energy bills. Analysis by the party says the Government could rake in at least £1.95billion for the Treasury, far more than the £1.2billion the party forecast in January. Labour would put an extra ten percent on the overall corporation tax, seeing it increase to 50 percent. The calculation is based on forecasts from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) which was released alongside the Spring Statement in March. This also took in price surges in the week after Russia invaded Ukraine. The OBR increased its forecasts for UK oil and gas tax receipts March by £5.2billion to £13billion in the year to April 2023, up from £3.1billion in the previous financial year. Far higher than before the pandemic, it is the highest return from the North Sea since 2010-11 when £9.6bilion was collected. But analysts said the rise in energy prices since March could increase the income from a windfall tax above £2billion. The Prime Minister has so far resisted calls to levy such a tax, arguing git would hamper investment into Britain’s energy sector.