Bob (played by Tony Audenshaw) has been enjoying his romance to Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) in Emmerdale over the past couple of years on Emmerdale and he has had very little to do with some of the big, dramatic storylines. However, in the latest episode of the ITV soap, he shared a couple of scenes with youngster Noah (Jack Downham), who has developed an unhealthy obsession with Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). At the moment, no one realises just how sinister the young man's behaviour has become but it could be down to Bob to inform the police if he discovers some disturbing footage. The scene came towards the end of Tuesday's episode when Bob noticed Noah playing with a new drone he had bought to spy on Chloe. Bob was simply in awe of the technological device and wanted to know more about what the young man was going to do with it. "I never had anything like this when I was your age. I was chuffed when I got my first bike," he told Noah outside the café. "It was probably pretty dangerous with all those dinosaurs running around," the teenager replied, with Bob laughing along with him. "Can it carry stuff?" the soap veteran asked, suggesting the youngster could get the drone to carry around sandwiches for people. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' "Why would I want it to do that?" the teenager asked, with Bob explaining to the young man: "You could set your own business up. "Delivering to local villages. People will be dead impressed when they see one of those bringing their lunch. A nice little earner for you." Noah didn't seem very interested in this idea as he hit back, keeping his cards close to his chest: "I didn't buy it to start a new career." "It must have cost you a few quid. A smart way of getting your money back," the soap veteran continued as he thought he was on to a winner. "I bought it to have fun with, Bob," the young man replied, clearly not going to deviate from his plans to stalk Chloe with it. Before he went back inside the café, Bob asked the young man if he could have a go on it, clearly very intrigued by the device. "Not a chance. Like I said, it cost a few quid so I'm not having you break it," Noah hit back as he didn't want Bob to know his secret. The soap veteran was annoyed the teenager was being so selfish and stormed back inside, telling Noah if he wanted anything, he could get it himself. By the end of the episode, Noah was using the device to spy on Chloe whilst she was sitting in her bedroom at home as the drone flew outside her window. She will come dangerously close to discovering the truth in upcoming scenes but it seems Noah will manipulate the situation. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] However, it could be Bob who realises what's really going on if he manages to get hold of the drone controller in the coming weeks. The controller stores the video footage Noah has recorded of Chloe and when Bob fires it up, he could come across all these videos. Knowing this is beyond the realms of normality, the veteran could go straight to the police with the footage and explain how he thinks Chloe is being stalked. It would suddenly dawn on Noah he has made a big mistake by saving the videos on the device as the authorities arrive to arrest him. The teenager would have no choice but to go with the police but will they reveal to him who managed to expose his horror secret? This could culminate in the show's flash forward week of episodes, which was recently announced to be broadcast later this month. One of the central storylines to the explosive instalments will be Noah's growing obsession with Chloe and Bob getting involved could see a huge stunt unfold. Teasing what is to come from the episodes, producer Laura Shaw spoke with Express.co.uk and other media about what is planned. The soap boss said: "We see Noah's obsession with Chloe reach a crescendo. "As well as all the exciting drama, the week is going to feature stunts and action too. We filmed a fairly big stunt," she continued. Laura added: "It has been really exciting and fun to plan and to film, and I don't think we've ever done anything like it before, not in the 20 years I've been in Emmerdale anyway. "We had a lot of conversations and scratching of heads about how we were going to achieve it, I remember us coming up with a story idea, sat in a big meeting room and I pitched the idea and said 'this is what I want us to do'. "I think everyone just sat there looking at me with stunned silence for about two minutes before everyone brilliantly just jumped in with a million brilliant different ideas of how we could do it. "In the end, we had to build a very special prop which you'll see in the episode to make the stunt work and to do it safely of course." So could Bob be caught in the crossfire as Noah does anything he can to protect himself from being exposed as a stalker? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.