Barcelona have submitted a first official transfer bid for Robert Lewandowski, according to reports. Xavi is keen on luring the Poland international to the Nou Camp as he targets the La Liga title next season. But Bayern Munich, at the current moment in time, are holding firm. Lewandowski is keen to leave Bayern Munich for a new challenge elsewhere, having been at the club ever since the summer transfer window of 2014. And while Arsenal and Chelsea are admirers of the Poland international, it’s Barcelona who are currently in pole position to secure his signature. Now, German outlet Sport1 claim Barcelona have tabled a bid of £25million in order to test Bayern’s resolve. But the Bundesliga champions have turned down the offer from their rivals, with Bayern adamant Lewandowski isn’t for sale. Barcelona are expected to return with a new bid for the striker, who has scored a stunning 48 goals across all competitions. They see Lewandowski as the perfect player to lead Xavi’s attack, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang likely to be deployed on the wing next season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona also think the 33-year-old would be the ideal replacement for Lionel Messi, too, who left for Paris Saint-Germain last year. Lewandowski is said to be eager to leave German football behind after 12 years of playing for both Borussia Dortmund and Bayern. And that bodes well for Xavi as he looks to bring the striker to the club this summer. Lewandowski isn’t the only player Barcelona are hopeful of adding to their squad as they look to reel in Real Madrid next season. At the back, they’re keen on Chelsea duo Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Both players have verbally agreed to leave Stamford Bridge for the Nou Camp, with their respective contracts due to expire at the end of the campaign. And, in midfield, Barcelona are aiming to wrap up the signing of AC Milan star Franck Kessie. Kessie, like Christensen and Azpilucueta, is due to become a free agent. And though the Ivory Coast international has been vital for Milan, the Serie A giants are expecting him to go and pursue a new challenge elsewhere. Speaking last week, meanwhile, Lewandowski confirmed he wanted to leave Bayern and admitted he was hoping to find the ‘best solution’ for all parties. "I can confirm that I spoke to Hasan [Salihamidzic, Bayern sporting director] and informed him that the decision was made - and that I am not extending my contract with FC Bayern,” he said. "Both sides have to think about the future. It's best if we find the best solution for both sides. "I said to [Salihamidzic] that if an offer comes, then we have to think about it - also for the club. Both sides have to think about the future. That's all I can say. "I still have a year's contract [left at Bayern]. But I said that we have to find the best solution for both sides. “We'll have to wait and see what happens." And Hasan Salihamidzic confirmed this by saying: "He said that he would like to try something new. "But our position has not changed. 'Lewa' has a contract until June 30, 2023. That is a fact." Barcelona and Bayern last sat down for transfer talks back in 2018. On that occasion, it was Arturo Vidal who ended up swapping the Allianz Arena for the Nou Camp. The Chile international lasted just two years, however, before departing for Serie A giants Inter Milan.