Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway spoke with Kit Malthouse about the cost of living crisis and whether people will turn to stealing so they can provide for their families. The Good Morning Britain host grilled the MP over what the government is doing to help as she pointed out that thousands of people are already struggling. Mr Malthouse explained to Garraway he didn't believe people would turn to crime, as he said: "People are challenged financially and they are at the moment, I acknowledge that the cost of living problems people are facing are very difficult for households up and down the land. "That doesn't necessarily mean that they are going to turn to crime. "We are asking these police forces that they are just blind, just and fair across the whole span of society but that they operate proportionately there. "We've seen in the past crime falling or rising when we've seen different economic impacts on the country." READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue He continued: "And our job now with the now 13,5000 extra officers that we've got out there is to make sure that we bear down on the big reductions we've seen, particularly in crime." Garraway asked Mr Malthouse what he thought about police using their discretion when it comes to people committing crimes. "The broad rule is that justice should be blind," he explained. "I hope and believe that is the principle that sits behind not just the police, but the operation of the courts, as well."  Turning his attention to what the government should be doing, he added: "Well, people shouldn't be turning to the comprehensive package of negative measures that we put in place to help with the cost of living. "We've doubled the size of the hardship fund now, £1billion that's available to counsellors up and down the line to help those people who are really struggling at the bottom of the pile. "The national living wage has gone up very significantly from July. Millions of minutes we will benefit from a rise in the National Insurance threshold those are in work, so obviously there is a package of support there." DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [THEORY]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan [REACTION] However, just minutes into the interview, viewers took to social media to air their frustrations. Many were left angry over Mr Malthouse's comment about people being at "the bottom of the pile". Ella raged: "Kit Malthouse on #GMB 'People at the bottom of the pile' Typical." User @UnInterlutor said: "Kit Malthouse talking absolute nonsense saying poverty does not lead to an increase in crime."    He later added: "Did Kit Malthouse just say police should be 'blind to crime'?" "@kitmalthouse calling some people as 'bottom of the pile' is an abhorrent Tory view, typical way they look at #lowpay #disabled #GMB," Yanto commented.  Lucy C went on to ask: "Did #KitMalthouse just say... 'some people at the bottom of the pile'?#gmb." "Talk about people being 'bottom of the pile' due to having a lower salary..how dare you!" user @Jomannion fumed. "People are struggling and trying their best and this government is doing nothing to help! Wish I hadn't put the TV on this morning ....off to work now to my job that has had no pay rise."(sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.