Jess Martin is a 23-year-old student who still wants to enjoy life without having to cut back on the odd treat.  She’s set up an Instagram page that has accumulated more than 11,000 followers who turn to her for her money saving tips. While entertainment is one of the first things most people cut back on when they have a tight budget, it’s still possible to have fun without breaking the bank. The student's tips can be applied to anyone's life as it’s often the little savings that soon add up. She said she has learnt how to have fun on a tight budget by cutting back on what she can. Ms Martin said: “Most bars offer cocktails that are two-for-one or student discount during various times and days of the week, and who doesn’t need another excuse for a quick break on a Monday afternoon?" READ MORE: Virgin Money launches new prize draw where customers can go on safari The savvy student stretches her budget by making the most of discounts and eating out at quieter times. She said: “You can check your Unidays or Student Beans app to find out which venues offer student discount, and a quick web browse on restaurant/bar websites will tell you when the happy hours are. “Some restaurants also offer lunch time deals or set menus which are a cheaper alternative to eating from the main menu. “You can also sign up to member schemes through restaurant websites to get up to 20 percent off, sometimes even on weekends." DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] Tastecard offers two-for-one deals at chain restaurants and independents restaurants and is available to everyone, not just students. If people can afford to, there’s nothing wrong with having the odd treat. Ms Martin said: "We all splurge on little treats to brighten the day, whether it's a hot drink or a guilty-pleasure after-lunch treat – and we deserve them." “If you're reluctant to give up your everyday staple, finding ways to save on these costs is a great way to carry on enjoying those well-earned breaks. “For me as a coffee lover, using a subscription service like Coffee Club allows me to make savings as I spend, I mean who doesn’t love coffee? “Especially when I can set aside the money I’ve saved for other treats.” One thing Ms Martin can't live without is coffee. However, she pays less for her coffee by signing up to Coffee Club - prices start from £2.99 a month. This is a monthly subscription service offering a 25 percent discount on hot drinks at independent cafes and high street favourites such as Caffé Nero. However, the student saves £20 a month on gym membership by using YouTube videos for yoga and fitness, money she can put towards her penchant for coffee. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Many students are just as keen to save the planet as their pennies and one way they can do both is by using sites like eBay and Vinted to sell clothes they no longer wear. Ms Martin says this is a great way to save the environment and make extra money. She said: “If you’re like me and love fashion, you’ll find your wardrobe gets super full and you’ll have clothes sat in there that you haven’t worn for months. "What better way to make your money back than selling them? It’s also better for the environment than just throwing them away."  