A terminally-ill university lecturer who ticked off an item on his bucket list by mooning a speed camera was pinned to the ground by several police officers who smashed in his front door and then charged him with indecent exposure. This week he arrived at court to plead not guilty to all charges wearing a T-shirt with Bart Simpson baring his bottom on the front. Darrell Meekcom, 55, suffers multiple system atrophy (MSA) and last year flashed a mobile speed camera van as part of his bucket list. Confined to a wheelchair, he also has Parkinson’s and heart problems. He was arrested back in November 2021 then bailed and interviewed under caution in January of this year. READ MORE: Fury over Sadiq Khan’s plans to expand ULEZ across London Mr Meekcom was last month ​​charged with two counts of using threatening behaviour likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress. Additionally, he was charged with obstructing a constable in the execution of their duty. The football fan now faces a trial at Redditch Magistrates' Court set for August 2. When he was originally arrested last year, six officers ended up pinning him to the ground and handcuffing him after he “wouldn’t come out” of his house. DON'T MISS Driver fined £293 for driving under 60mph on motorway [INSIGHT] Caravan owners at risk of hefty fines when driving in Europe this year [WARNING] Drivers risk huge £5,000 fines for listening to Premier League games [REVEAL] Outlining the case, prosecutor Owen Beale said: "You may have seen something of this in the media because the prosecution case is that he decided to drop his trousers at a speed enforcement van. "When officers went over to his home he wouldn't come out." In footage filmed by his wife Sarah, Mr Meekcom can be heard telling officers: "I'm terminally ill, I won't be able to breathe like this. "This is ridiculous - I moonied a speed camera. I moonied a speed camera." A police spokesperson said last month: "As legal proceedings are now active, West Mercia Police cannot make any further comment at this time." It comes as a new 20mph speed camera in Plymouth caught out more than 1,100 drivers on just the first day of operation. While officials say the camera is needed in order to save lives, others have simply branded it as a money-making exercise. In an eight week test period before the camera went live, over 23,500 motorists were caught out - a figure branded "troubling" by a police chief. The 1,100 unlucky drivers caught this week face having to attend a speed awareness course, although some could be issued fines and penalty points. The system was installed by Plymouth council after a consultation last year in which residents said they would prefer to see an average speed system put in place rather than traffic calming measures. Supt Adrian Leisk, strategic roads policing lead for Devon and Cornwall Police and chair of the Vision Zero enforcement activity group, said: “The results from the cameras’ test period are really troubling and drivers are obviously ignoring the clear 20mph signs in that area. “Speed is a big contributory factor in serious collisions. Travelling too fast both reduces the time in which a driver can react and increases the risk of serious or fatal injuries in the event of a collision."