Liverpool's stars travel to Paris on Saturday as they take part in their third Champions League final in just five years under Jurgen Klopp. Taking on Real Madrid, the Reds will be looking for revenge having experienced heartbreak against Los Blancos in 2018. And with 40 medals being handed out to the winning side, Express Sport takes a look at who will be eligible for the accolade should they prevail victorious in the French capital. LIVERPOOL For the Reds, the obvious recipients would be their star players. The likes of Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk and Alisson Becker amongst others will be looking to win their second medals. Although for many of their new stars, victory at the Stade de France would see them taste Champions League success for the first time. Stars such as Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate, Luis Diaz and Kostas Tsimikas will all get their hands on the first-ever continental trophy of their careers should they defeat Real Madrid. There are also two players who are currently not at Anfield who could receive a winners' medal, too. Nat Phillips, who was instrumental in Liverpool's qualification for the Champions League in last season's Premier League campaign, featured in two games this campaign. Having played the entirety of the Reds' 2-1 win over AC Milan in December, he will likely receive a medal as a result of his outing. And Neco Williams, who has been on loan at Fulham for the second half of the season, will also pick up a medal. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions - 'Expect them to be gone' All in all, there are 28 players who have played some part in Liverpool's Champions League campaign, including one appearance each for youngsters Harvey Elliott, Max Woltman and Conor Bradley. And that leaves 12 medals to share out amongst Klopp's coaching staff. Klopp has a total of 26 employees on his backroom staff, including coaches, physios, masseurs and analysts. It's not clear who will be given medals on Klopp's backroom team though assistant coaches Pep Lijnders and Peter Krawietz are both certainties to get one each. REAL MADRID For Real, Carlo Ancelotti's squad includes stars who have tormented the Reds in the past. Main names include Gareth Bale and Eden Hazard, with the Welshman having scored a brace in the 2018 final past a hapless Loris Karius to leave the Anfield faithful disappointed. It would be Hazard's first Champions League title, alongside Belgium co-star and former Chelsea stopper Thibaut Courtois. Hazard and Bale have rarely played for Madrid this season but have represented Real in this season's Champions League. DON'T MISSArsenal 'outbid West Ham' with Aaron Hickey offer as transfer business begins[GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game' [QUOTES]Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star[OPINION] Karim Benzema, David Alaba and Luka Modric, who already have a plethora of medals in their lockers, have arguably been Madrid's most important players this campaign while Vinicius Jr has also been a standout. Real Madrid have used 25 players in total this season in the Champions League, meaning all of them are likely to get their hands on a medal should they beat Liverpool in Saturday's showpiece final. That leaves 15 medals up for grabs for Carlo Ancelotti - who already has three Champions League medals as a manager - and his backroom team.