A company boss caught speeding at 119mph in his luxury BMW told a court he would be unable to afford to get taxis to his local gym if he was banned from driving. Dean Crawford faced being barred under the totting up procedure after he was clocked speeding on the M58 in Lancashire. Crawford, who is a director of three companies, including a waste disposal business and a window shutter repair firm, refused pleas to sell the car to free up funds for travel expenses. He instead told the court he was on benefits and made a plea for "exceptional hardship". Crawford claimed he needed the BMW as he could not afford to pay for taxis to get to the gym and also for visits to see his mother and daughter, reported the Manchester Evening News. Court prosecutor Matt Routly advised him: ''You still have that BMW. You could sell that and that would raise quite a lot of funds? READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain ''It could pay for quite a lot of taxis and buy you a bicycle. That's very often the price people have to pay when they speed all the time." But Crawford told the court he suffered various health issues and said he was temporarily paralysed for a year after being stabbed in the spine in 2014. He had only recently taken delivery of the BMW 1 series when he was caught doing more than 50mph over the motorway limit in November. He had also been pictured with a Mercedes AMG, an Audi and a motorbike. DON'T MISSEU’s petrol and diesel ban targets the poor and is 'wasteful' [COMMENT]Millions of drivers at risk of major £5,000 fines for 'serious issue' [WARNING]Driver threatened with debt collector after £5 parking error [SHOCKING] He already had nine points on his licence - two for speeding offences and the other for contravening a traffic signal. Crawford said he has since recovered the use of his legs but said he can’t walk far. He claimed he was on benefits so would not be able to afford to go to the gym or to see his family as often as he needs to. When asked why he could not simply sell his car he replied: “A driving ban would run out after six months and then I would not have a car. I am not working.” He said he was getting £975 per month in benefits but had to pay £345 of that in rent and when asked about getting to the gym, he said: "It's in the middle of nowhere on an industrial estate. ''I would have to get a taxi to the bus stop and then a bus and then the same on the way back. I would only be able to do that once a week because of the price." He confirmed he ran a business but said he'd had a breakdown during lockdown and claimed the only thing he now owns is his BMW. Refusing the application, the magistrates banned Crawford from driving for six months, fined him £120 and made him pay £136 in costs and victim surcharge. Chair of the bench Christina Hills, said: “We have considered everything very carefully. “We do not think there's sufficient grounds on this occasion to grant a non-application of the disqualification rules on the exceptional hardship basis.'' Crawford is now planning to appeal against the ban to a crown court judge. The period of disqualification was suspended pending the forthcoming hearing.