Christian B has insisted that he was having sex in his camper van with a young woman who will support his alibi. He said he drove the women to the airport at Faro, Portugal, for a flight home the next day and they were stopped and photographed at a police roadblock. The suspect claimed the woman was arrested at airport security for carrying an illegal pepper spray and later appeared in court. Christian B has said he believes Portuguese police must have a record of those events that will establish his relationship with the young German woman who was on holiday in Portugal with her parents. German police are said to have found a photograph of the woman lying in his camper van during their investigation into a rape for which the 44-year-old German national is currently serving a seven-year jail sentence. When he first spoke of his alibi it is believed that Christian B could not recall the woman’s full name. However, it is understood that he has since been able to identify her.  If it's true, his alibi would contradict vital but circumstantial evidence from mobile phone data masts that police say outs him close to the apartment where three-year-old Madeleine vanished from her bed 15 years ago in Praia da Luz on May 3, 2007. According to police, the suspect’s mobile phone was in the village when it received a call from 7.32pm to 8.02pm. Madeleine’s parents said their little girl disappeared between 9 and 10pm. Christian B insists that by 10pm he had driven miles along the coast east towards Faro. German prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters, who is leading the Madeleine investigation with Portuguese and British detectives, told Sky News: “I assume if he has anything that exonerates him that sooner or later he will share it with us and we would then check it out. What happens then, let's see. Up until two weeks ago, German prosecutors had not formally interviewed Christian B despite the convicted sex offender being their chief suspect for more than four years. They questioned him on 21 April on behalf of the Portuguese authorities after he was made an arguido, meaning a formal suspect, reportedly to avoid a statute of limitations on serious crimes under Portuguese law.  As an arguido, the suspect has a right to silence and had previously refused to answer questions about his whereabouts on the night Madeleine vanished. Mr Wolters told Sky News: “We actually haven't found a single piece of the puzzle in the two years that would have somehow helped to exonerate Christian B. So it's really nothing that would somehow maybe be an alibi or something. Nothing of that has come to light, really at any point. “What we found out, it all went in the other direction, so was rather incriminating, without me being able to elaborate on that now.” He added: “However, it is not foreseeable when we will come to an end. So I can't say that we will definitely conclude the investigations this year. That really also depends on how this develops.” This month marks fifteen years since Madeleine disappeared. The little girl was nearly four years old when she disappeared from the family’s rented holiday apartment on the Algarve coast.    “Many people talk about the need for ‘closure’. It’s always felt a strange term. Regardless of outcome, Madeleine will always be our daughter and a truly horrific crime has been committed. These things will remain. “It is true though that uncertainty creates weakness; knowledge and certainty give strength, and for this reason our need for answers, for the truth, is essential. We are grateful for the ongoing work and commitment of the UK, Portuguese and German authorities as it is this combined police effort which will yield results and bring us those answers. “As always, we would like to thank all of our supporters for their continued good wishes and support. It is a huge comfort to know that regardless of time passed, Madeleine is still in people’s hearts and minds.”