Nerv, a disaster prevention service, said just after 6am this morning that evacuation notices for 315,806 households in the city had been issued. Heavy rain and flooding is to be expected across the central and southern parts of the island of Okinawa.  In an update issued this morning, it said: "In the south central part of the main island, be wary of sediment-related disasters until the evening of the 31 May. "In the central and southern parts of the main island and the northern part of the main island, be wary of lowland inundation and river flooding until the evening." The Japanese Meteorological Agency said it expects heavy rain to continue into the early hours of Wednesday, with waves hitting the island set to reach 2 metres high. It also issued an alert concerning potential landslides in the south of the island.   Nerv warned of "severe gusts" involving "lightning strikes and tornadoes in the main island of Okinawa and the Maejima Islands". Maejima Island, which sits just of the main island, is a national park and tourist attraction. Forecasters have noted "record short-term heavy rain" of around 110mm near Nanjo City, and 120mm near Miyakojima City. As well as those being told the evacuate in Naha City, others across Okinawa have been reportedly told to leave their homes, including in Nanjo City.   Nerv stated that further evacuation orders had been given for 1,498 people in 665 households in Itoman City, further south than Naha City. Similarly, the evacuation of 62,126 elderly people in 27,580 households on the island has also been ordered, it said. Evacuation orders have also been issued to 40,447 people in 16,305 households in Haebaru Town, a town outside Naha City. Just under 66,000 people have been told to evacuate in Tomigusuku City, and 20,000 in Yonabaru Town.   In total, 318,917 people in nearly 156,000 households have been told to evacuate. The island of Okinawa sits towards the southern tip of the Japanese archipelago, near Taiwan.   May marks the start of Japan's monsoon season. Okinawa has been hit almost annually by flooding and typhoons. In June last year, heavy rainfall on the island resulted in landslides, flooding and power outages, according to local reports. 