Ms Neesom sat down with Jeremy Vine to speak about the comparisons being made between Russian President Vladimir Putin's laws and the UK's. The British journalist explained how a Labour MP had claimed that the new measures to crack down on disruptive climate change protests, were harsher than Putin's rules in Russia.  Home Secretary Priti Patel has been facing harsh pushback for her choice to implement certain protocols in the UK, such as the offshore Rwanda migrant processing camps and her changes to stop and search regulations.    Presenter Jeremy Vine said: "Dawn have you got a handle on this one?" Ms Neesom told Jeremy Vine on 5: "I just think where we are with comparisons at the moment I'm struggling to find the story, oh yeah absolutely." Mr Vine added: "This is the locking on, this is that thing where they want to stop people glueing themselves to the road." Ms Neesom said: "A Labour MP has claimed that her measures to constrain the eco protestors... The ones that are actually breaking the law as you say by glueing themselves to the M25 etc etc. JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays    Ms Neesom added: "Are harsher than living under Putin's ruling, where people actually still get shipped off to gulags don't they. "I just think this comparison, we did it the other day didn't we with the flags down the mal comparing that to Nazi Germany. "I mean people need to get a grip on what the comparisons are, and really understand what Putin is actually doing and what Nazi Germany was like before we make these sweeping comparisons." Activism groups Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain, Just Stop Oil have been well known over the past three years for their various disruptive ways of protesting environmental matters around the UK. READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear after Queen agrees return to royal fold    All three of these environmental activism groups use the tactics of glueing themselves to pavements, roads, and objects in order to cause major disruptions. Home Secretary Priti Patel has claimed to be trying to tackle protestors with a new public order bill which plans to take on activism groups who cause chaos in the UK. Ms Patel said:  “I will always champion the right to protest peacefully and energetically within the law and to suggest that this Bill ‘bans noisy protests’ is ignorant and irresponsible. The threshold for imposing conditions based on noise will be high and most protests wouldn’t reach it. DON'T MISS: Tube staff to strike during Queen's Jubilee - are you affected? [INSIGHT]Khan humiliated after 'no strikes' pledge as tube staff walk out again [REPORT] Elizabeth line chaos: Paddington Station evacuated hours after opening [REVEAL]   “But in recent years we have seen a selfish minority using egregious noise, not as a method of legitimate expression, but to antagonise others from the enjoyment of their own liberties." Eco activist groups Insulate Britain have commented on the protesting bill. A spokesman for Insulate Britain said: "To us, it doesn’t change a lot. We’re planning to force the Government to protect every single person in this country. We have a duty to protect future generations and people living in fuel poverty. "We will continue to act in the way that we have done to force the Government to do what its primary responsibility is - to protect the citizens of this country." 