Pravin Kotecha was dropping his wife off at Heathrow Airport last November when he made a simple error when paying for the parking. He mistyped a single digit while inputting his car registration, but says he is sure the £5 online payment went through. He said he received an email from the parking firm APCOA to confirm the payment had been accepted. However, the 66-year-old later travelled to India for a month and returned home to find two notices from the firm telling him he had not paid for his short stay. He said the company eventually told him he would have to pay a fine to settle the debt and, later, that the matter had been passed to a debt collector. Mr Kotecha said: “I sent an email to them that day, when I realised my small mistake, to explain. READ MORE: Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' "But they didn't respond. I put it down to being so close to Christmas and New Years, so I waited,” he told Leicestershire Live. He claimed he sent another email on January 7, with no response again. Despite this, he continued to receive letters from APCOA warning him an inflated charge, initially of £150 but later rising to £235, was now due. He said he tried to ask where the payment had gone, as despite entering the wrong registration plate number, he still had proof of payment from his account. DON'T MISSElectric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [WARNING]Thousands of motorists giving up driving [SHOCKING]Petrol and diesel prices at shocking UK all-time record high [DISASTER] He added: "Four weeks later they sent another letter so I replied again and the next time I was sent a debt collector's letter. "I wanted to challenge this because it makes you wonder how much these companies are taking advantage of people. “They had no system for me to appeal or confirm my details before I paid and they haven't responded to me." The £150-charge had become £235 and Mr Kotecha still had no luck getting in touch with the parking company. Instead, he managed to speak with the debt collectors and was able to explain that he had been given no opportunity to appeal the initial charge. He is now in touch with solicitors and is considering taking the matter to the small claims court. He was also advised to offer to pay the full fee into an escrow account - a segregated account opened by the solicitors to hold the cash until the two parties can come to a contractual agreement. Mr Kotecha said he has put this offer to the debt collectors, who, he says, are still waiting for a response from APCOA to confirm whether this is an appropriate step forward. The driver said he has provided his proof of payment and evidence of all of his correspondence to the firm. A spokesperson for the parking company told Express.co.uk: "For GDPR reasons, unfortunately we are unable to comment on the specific details of this case, but we recognise that customers can sometimes genuinely make a keying error and those situations are usually quickly resolved. "All communications with our Customer Service Centre are recorded. On contacting them, a customer would be advised how to submit an appeal, and an appeal involving such an error with payment evidence, would result in the fine being cancelled and the case closed. "We have already provided the direct phone number of our Customer Service Manager for Mr Kotecha and have now closed the case.”