CBS’ generation procedural drama Blue Bloods has been a huge success for the network throughout its run after premiering in 2010. Lead actor Tom Selleck looked back on the success of the show as it celebrated its 250th episode.  Blue Bloods followed the lives of a tight-knit family all working in law enforcement, led by Frank Reagen (Tom Selleck). As well as the patriarch, Frank also worked as the New York City Police Commissioner and was extremely proud of his family also joining law enforcement. Throughout the series, fans have watched the family members work together and assist on cases. There was also major importance placed on attending the weekly Reagan dinners where conversations can quickly turn into heated debates. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series The show came to an end earlier this month with the release of its season 12 finale. Ahead of the finale, Selleck guest-starred on The Kelly Clarkson Show, where he reflected on his career, which spans four decades. Speaking on the 250th episode milestone of Blue Bloods, the actor acknowledged how “incredible” the achievement was and added: “I don’t know where the time went.” Thinking back, Selleck recalled: “We did 163 hours of Magnum and I thought well okay, you can’t get that lucky twice.  “It was a really lovely little celebration,” he remarked. The actor then looked into the future and stated: “I love what I do, I want to keep doing it and so far so good.” Thankfully for Blue Bloods fans, this will be the case, as the series was renewed for season 13, earlier this month. This is a huge success for the show as it's the network's third longest-running CBS scripted show, behind NCIS and NCIS Los Angeles. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods star Tom Selleck hits back at Magnum PI fashion critics [REACTION] Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck on role which left him ‘scared to death’ [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods first premiered in 2010 and it has continued to dominate the network’s ratings as it scored a season’s best with 6.11million total viewers in the live+ same day tallies. As Blue Bloods shows no signs of slowing down, in a separate interview, Frank revealed he was the reason his hit 80’s show Magnum PI came to an end. Speaking about the milestone in an interview with TV Insider he said: “I never thought I’d be lucky enough to do a show that had that long a run. “Maybe Magnum, PI could have reached that number because nobody wanted to cancel it.”  He confessed: “I was the guy causing the divorce. “I’d done the number one movie, Three Men and a Baby in the US and I wanted to have a family. “The number of series that have done as many episodes as Blue Bloods is a tiny, tiny percentage, this is a validation that we’re all fighting the good fight. “All the actors are very committed to the work. So, it’s a number that gives reward for the professionalism of this entire cast,” he concluded. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 