Pension Credit can provide valuable income top ups, but the standard amount is not all Britons could receive. In fact, many are eligible for additional top-ups to help with the costs of everyday life. New figures from the DWP have shown the benefit could be worth over £3,300 per year. This could make a real difference to the lives of pensioners. Pensioners in four groups could be entitled to extra Pension Credit support. People who provide care for another adult could get an additional £38.85 weekly if: READ MORE: ‘Where is it?!’ Britons furious at delays to £150 council tax rebate This extra amount could be available to both partners if they have both claimed or are getting Carer’s Allowance. Under the rules, individuals who live with a severe disability may be entitled to an extra £69.40 per week. This will be the case if pensioners are eligible for any of the following: DON'T MISSPremium Bonds May 2022 draw looms - how to check if you have won [INSIGHT]State pensioners with diabetes could get extra £92 per week [EXPLAINED]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [LATEST] Those looking after children or young people If a person is responsible for a child or young person, they could get an extra £56.35 per week for every child. This will rise to £66.85 for the first child, as long as they were born before April 6, 2017. Pension Credit recipients can get additional support with housing costs. This can include some service charges, ground rent, and charges for site rents. The amount someone gets will be dependent on the circumstances of their costs. Guy Opperman, Minister for Pensions, said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “That’s why we’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support.” Pension Credit does not only provide one form of financial support. It is seen as a “gateway benefit” meaning it could open Britons up to a wide range of other help. This includes help with housing costs, council tax or heating bills. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Eligible people over 75 can even gain access to a free TV licence, often seen as an essential entitlement. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, also said: “Pension Credit can make a big difference if you’ve reached state pension age and haven’t got much money coming in. “With prices rising rapidly at the moment it’s more important than ever to claim what’s rightfully yours. “Pension Credit is something of a well kept secret - many people have simply not heard of it. That’s a real shame because at Age UK we see how much it helps those who actually receive it. “We urge any older person who thinks they may be eligible to put in a claim and Age UK is here to provide advice and practical support to help you with the process.”