The Countryfile presenter Matt Baker, 44, has a multitude of talents including painting, dancing as well as his career in presenting. The BBC presenter took to Instagram last month to show his fans he can also play the piano and fans couldn't contain their excitement. Matt shared a video in view of his 303,000 Instagram followers the day after Tyson Fury's boxing match against Dillian Whyte. The video showed him accompanying Tyson in a clip from his celebratory singalong to Don McLean's American Pie. He captioned the clip: "Congratulations to @tysonfury we had a little sing-along this morning in our house. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady "#duet #worldchampion #piano #music #gypsyking #boxing." Matt said in the video, "Here we go Tyson" as he sat upright at his piano, with the boxer celebrating his win on the laptop next to him. Social media users rushed to the post's comments to praise the presenter for showing off another one of his many talents. Janetboam said: "Is there no end to your talents MB?" Billythefishofcroydon added: "Is there anything you cannot do, Mr Baker? "What a wonderful talent to have and this piece, so beautiful to listen to - I would love to be able to play the piano - or a guitar or ukulele but my fingers don't wish to coordinate... oh well... thank you for sharing your skills." Judthbarnett commented: "Seriously Matt!!! Another talent. You're amazing!" Oku.bea further praised the star: "How many more things can you do? DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSIGHT] Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [COMMENT] Catherine Zeta-Jones looks radiant as she debuts sultry new look [PICTURES] "You are incredible, you seem to be able to do anything one can think of. Love your piano play." Matt has previously showed off his artistic skills, sharing numerous pictures of his paintings on his social media. Keeping in pattern with his love for nature, agriculture and wildlife, Matt has previously shared snaps of his works of sceneries and animals. As well as posting pictures, he also shares time-lapse videos of him creating the pieces. However, Matt has previously opened up about his dyslexia and that it sometimes leaves him "absolutely petrified" to complete his dayjob. Speaking to the Yorkshire Post in March, he said: "The scariest thing someone can do to me is hand me an email on live television and ask me to read it out. "It does something to me. It’s absolutely petrifying. "Whatever I read, I learn. I block it all out in ways which means I can recognise sentences." Countryfile airs tonight at 7pm on BBC One.