The May 5 elections will see Britons vote across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland together for the first time since 2019. While primarily local-focused, they have a national significance as Boris Johnson faces a "drubbing" for his part in partygate. And it seems his rivals are committed t showing the Prime Minister up as Sir Keir Starmer's Labour and Sir Ed Davey's Liberal Democrats have allegedly aligned during the elections to deny the Conservatives a political advantage. Tory chairman Oliver Dowden accused the parties of working together on the political battlefield in a letter to Sir Keir on April 30 in which he claimed that he had uncovered a "secret" pact between them. He alleged that Labour has "stood down candidates in swathes of the country", and Liberal Democrats were "returning the favour" to "deny voters a proper democratic choice". Mr Dowden outlined three areas where he said the two parties had reduced candidates. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious attack on politician Nigel Farage  He alleged the parties had changed their seat contention in the following areas compared to 2018: South West South East North East Mr Dowden suggested that an agreement between the centre and centre-left parties would subvert democracy in the UK, but the UK is no stranger to electoral pacts. Political parties are free to stand candidates where they choose and occasionally may choose to focus only on the areas they could claim in an election. Despite his objection, Mr Dowden's Tories have formed some famous election pacts themselves. After failing to claim an outright majority in the 2010 general election, Conservative leader David Cameron brokered an alliance with Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg to stay in power. They ruled together in the first coalition since World War Two until 2015, when the Conservatives received a majority on their promise of an EU referendum. In 2019, the party reportedly offered Nigel Farage an electoral pact in which the Brexit Party would only target 40 seats held by Labour while Tories only stood "paper candidates". Although he turned down the proposal, Mr Farage ultimate committed to only standing Brexit Party candidates in Labour heartlands.