Lee Townley, 40, has accused contractors of not using a spirit level, leaving big gaps, and chipping the kerb stones. Contractors have repeatedly returned to the site in Norton, Stoke-on-Trent, since Lee complained but the issues remain months later. Lee, a gas engineer, claims he has called Stoke-on-Trent City Council four times about the work and is furious with its lack of response, Stoke-on-Trent Live reports. He said: "I applied to have the kerb dropped after I moved into the property. I wanted the council to do it. They have to sign the paperwork off and it was about £400 or £500 just for the paperwork. "I thought I’d go through the council because they can sign it off themselves and I haven’t got to worry about dodgy builders. I got the quote off them, it was about £1,850. It was expensive but I thought I’d just get it done." Lee claims he sent the authority photos and they eventually came out. The engineer continued: "They dropped two lads off in a van with a saw and a wheelbarrow. They had no spirit level or anything. I came from work, looked at it, and immediately put my spirit level on because I knew it was wrong straight away, I could just tell. "The gaps between the kerb stones weren’t cut straight, because it’s on a corner. The stones are shaped a certain degree. You cut them so they fit, because you can’t have edges round a circle." Lee claims he complained to the council, which the Conservative Party controls, and he claims the authority told him that they could not get their hands on curved stones - despite claiming he found the exact ones on the internet. "They have come back out and left a big gap of tarmac, they didn’t tarmac the road," Lee added. "They came back to fill that in and instead of levelling the other kerb stones off they just cut the top off the original kerb stones which they hadn't touched. They are having a laugh. They’ve been out four times so far. "I was given a start date of March. It has been about eight or nine weeks since they started messing it all up." Stoke-on-Trent Live has contacted the council for a statement regarding Lee's complaint. 