James Jordan’s wife Ola has opened up on the “difficult” moment she had to say goodbye to her parents before they flew back to Poland. The professional ballroom dancer took to Twitter to pen a heartfelt message in view of her 293,000 followers yesterday. In the tweet, Ola shared her heartbreak over not having been able to see her parents in a long time. Ola shared a video of the emotional goodbyes at her family home between her two-year-old daughter Ella and her parents. She wrote: “Saying goodbye to my parents is always difficult….. but this time seemed harder after not seeing them for so long,” along with a heart emoji. Some Twitter users replied to Ola’s tweet commenting on the “adorable” moment that was caught on camera. READ MORE: Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed Briffat said: “Aw what a beautiful video. Ella is so adorable xx” LianneBain added: “Gorgeous video,” while ClaireW59366002 typed: “Huge hugs xx” Weedy503 simply said: “Adorable xxx” James and Ola welcomed their daughter Ella into the world in February 2020. Earlier this month, the tot had her first day of nursery, but James revealed on social media that the day didn’t get off to a good start. In view of his 312,900 Twitter followers, he admitted he had been “too much of a baby” to drop her off, so Ola went instead. However, things also turned emotional for Ola as she heard Ella scream as she headed into her new school. James wrote: “Ella went for her first day of nursery today. @The_OlaJordan dropped her off as I’m too much of a baby. DON'T MISS:Ainsley Harriott breaks silence as he saves sister from drowning [INSIGHT]Dan Walker on wedding news hinting at BBC Breakfast return [LATEST]Donny Osmond feared never walking again 'Unable to move' [UPDATE] “Ola then rang me crying saying she had to listen to her screaming as she walked away,” he wrote with a tearful emoji. “I’m sure many of you can relate,” the dancer added. Ola retweeted James’ post moments later, adding a tearful emoji and the caption: “It was horrendous!!!!!” She also shared a cute picture of Ella ready for her big day, wearing a matching pink jumper and trousers set decorated with a red cherry pattern. Ola captioned the photo: “And here she is…..off to the Nursery!!! “It was a big day for our little Ella today and certainly a big day for Mummy and Daddy. “All I can say is that there were a lot of tears and not just from Ella,” she added.