Subsequently, an individual must keep their HDL levels as high as possible to maintain their cardiovascular system and their LDL levels as low as possible. The inability to do so can result in an increased likelihood of a premature death. One of the rare symptoms of high cholesterol is a condition known as xanthelasma. This occurs when little yellow deposits build up on the eyelids. READ MORE: Do you have visceral fat? The hidden risk could be revealed by the number of loo trips Should these develop, there may be concern among those affected these lumps are cancer. However, Harvard Medical School says: “Xanthelasma are always benign; that is, they’re not cancerous and they don’t spread the way a cancer might. “They rarely impair vision. But they can be a sign of hyperlipidaemia – high levels of cholesterol.” HMS also adds xanthelasma can be found “near the nose” as well as on the eyelids. DON'T MISS:Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER]Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT]High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] When someone is diagnosed with high cholesterol, the primary treatment options they are recommended are to improve their diet, exercise regularly, quit smoking, and reduce alcohol consumption. If these are ineffective statins may be prescribed. These medications lower the levels of cholesterol produced in the liver. They are used to treat a reduce the risk of several cardiovascular conditions such as coronary heart disease, angina, heart attacks, and strokes.  However, in common with other medications, they can result in several side effects. These include:• Headache• Dizziness• Feeling sick• Feeling unusually tired or physically weak• Constipation• Diarrhoea• Indigestion• Farting• Muscle pain• Sleep problems• Low blood platelet count. All the side effects, both common and uncommon, will appear on the leaflet present with each packet of medication. If a side effect occurs that isn’t mentioned, a patient still has a way to report the issue. This is through the Yellow Card Scheme. Set up in the mid-1960s, this scheme allows patients to report issues with medicines and medicinal products.