Manchester United outcast Jesse Lingard has demanded a salary higher than some of the Premier League's biggest names ahead of his summer exit. Newcastle United have bowed out of the running to sign the 29-year-old on a free transfer because he wouldn't fit into the club's wage structure. According to the Telegraph, Newcastle are 'extremely unlikely' to reignite their January interest in Lingard because he has priced himself out of a move to Tyneside. The Red Devils playmaker apparently wants in excess of £150,000 per week, plus a significant signing-on fee. It would make him Newcastle's highest earner, which, after making just two starts for United since his loan move to St James' Park fell through, doesn't appeal to the Magpies. The report adds that it's now likely Lingard will make the jump abroad, with several Italian clubs understood to be courting his services. If the England international was to stay in the top flight, his most plausible destination would be West Ham, where he impressed during a short loan spell last season. But the Hammers would surely be just as reluctant to hand out such a hefty wage package to a current fringe player who turns 30 this year. JUST IN: Rashford has key criteria for staying at Man Utd under Ten Hag If Lingard remains in the Premier League, either with United, Newcastle, West Ham or another club earning wages surpassing £150,000 per week, he'd be raking in as much as Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson, Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva, Chelsea's Champions League hero Kai Havertz and more than the league's second-highest goalscorer Son Heung-min (£140,000 per week). His earnings would also better those of the likes of Liverpool duo Jordan Henderson and Sadio Mane and Manchester City pair Ruben Dias and Riyad Mahrez. So it's no surprise Newcastle baulked at his demands and he's set for a switch overseas. DON'T MISS: Jose Mourinho's response to Roma reunion with Man Utd's Nemanja Matic Lingard will be a part of a mass exodus at Old Trafford this summer, with several first-team stars primed to leave as free agents. The number 14 will join Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani out of the exit door on July 1. Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Anthony Martial also face increasingly uncertain futures ahead of Erik ten Hag's arrival. It is a welcome overhaul on the back of the club's worst-ever Premier League campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here