Kate Middleton attended the Top Gun: Maverick premiere in London on Thursday, May 19, 2022. For the occasion, she wore a Roland Mouret floor length black dress with a white bandeau. But did she take inspiration from Queen Maxima, who wore an uncannily similar piece back in 2017? Kate's dress is called the Lamble Off-The Shoulder Two-Tone Gown, in Black/White. It is said to have cost £2,700, according to The Daily Express' official royal reporter, Richard Palmer. The show-stopping yet classic gown has been compared to another royal outfit choice. In 2017, Queen Maxima attended The Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra New Season Opening, wearing what looks to be the Duchess' black and white dress - but as a jumpsuit. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns in silver for glamorous dinner at Windsor Castle The royals accessorised in a similar way too, with both opting for classic black heels, although Queen Maxima's were open-toed sandals. They both carried a clutch, Kate's a simplistic black and Queen Maxima's black and white stripes. Both royals also opted for dangly statement earrings. The Robinson Pelham earrings are the Tsar Star Studs and Drops, worth an astonishing £6,900 according to the official website. But with both iconic royals kitted out in such similar attire, the question on everyone's mind is, "who wore it better?". Royal fans took to Instagram to share their thoughts on royal fashion battle. Speaking about the uncannily similar dress and jumpsuit, @yulymaring said: "Maxima because she has a better shape, Kate is gorgeous as well but Maxima is Maxima!!!" @najdweik stated: "Kate is usually perfect but this time Maxima for sure." @lealea2190 said: "Shocks me to say this but I think I prefer Maxima in this. "They both look beautiful though." But of course, there were many Kate fans who thought the Duchess of Cambridge reigned superior wearing Roland Mouret. According to @golfrlornajane: "The answer will always be Kate." @terezinhagazzinelli simply said: "Love Kate!!" @annsmallman38 stated: "Catherine of course." There were some who simply couldn't decide who should come out on top in the style stakes. @swiss_bengalcats said: "Kate is wearing the dress version and Maxima the pants version? "I love them both!" @nannymauz declared: "They both look equally beautiful." "They are both lovely, regal women," according to @wdathena786.