Three of the children were airlifted to hospital after the accident involving a school bus and a group of "young pedestrians" in Llanfair Caereinion, central Wales. There were no passengers on the bus at the time, local police said.   The collision occurred just before 3.30pm on Monday afternoon. Wales Air Ambulance also attended the scene, according to the Powys County Times. Police have not released any details on how serious the injuries are. Dyfed-Powys Police tweeted: "A road traffic collision, involving a school bus and a number of young pedestrians, has occurred on School Lane, just off Neuadd Lane, Llanfair Caereinion.   "The male driver of the bus and five children have been taken to hospital. The area around the incident will see disrupted traffic, with diversions in place. "There were no passengers on the bus." Police have advised motorists to avoid the area if possible. READ MORE: London bus explosion: Five electric buses go up in a fireball Authorities have not yet confirmed which school the children involved in the collision attended. Ysgol Uwchradd Caereinion High School and Llanfair Caereinion Primary School are both located in close proximity to the scene of the crash. Pictures from the scene show the bus on the pavement, having made contact with the metal fencing near the schools. Powys Council said: "Officers from the council's school service are currently in the town providing support to both the high school and primary school." DON'T MISS: Brexit Live: UK to OVERRIDE parts of hated deal within weeks [LIVE] Entire high street engulfed in cloud of thick smoke after fire [REPORT] Angela Rayner lashes out at Brexit trade plan - 'Blundering Tories!' [REACTION] Local residents expressed their sympathy for those involved in the accident. Reacting to the news, Twitter user @mulleralexander called the collision "heartbreaking". He added: "Unbelievably grim, thinking of all involved." Replying to this comment, @Northern_Shrew posted: "Yeah, absolutely shocking.  "My sister's two kids are at Llanfair primary school, fortunately they werent involved but some of their friends were." Fellow Twitter user @lordster1 wrote: "Hope everyone is ok."  