The hit veterinary drama based in the heart of the Yorkshire Dales provides escapism for Channel 5 viewers. The series follows the adventures of vet James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and the villages who reside beside him. Anna Madeley, who has played Mrs Hall since series one, was one of the actors who had to master a Yorkshire accent for the show. Anna was raised in London and attended North London Collegiate School. She started her acting career as a child and later trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama. Anna performed three seasons with the Royal Shakespeare Company in the 2000s. She landed the role of the thoughtful housekeeper Mrs Hall for the Channel 5 remake of All Creatures Great and Small which first aired in September 2020. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue For the role, Anna had to adopt a Yorkshire accent and the actress recently opened up about the help she required to pull it off. "It’s not my accent, as you can hear," the London-born star explained. "I worked with a lady called Natalie Grady, who does a lot of voice work here. "She’s great because you do want the accent to be personal to somebody - you don’t want it to be generic Yorkshire.   "I work with her just before a series starts and every now and then something comes up and I might ask her a question because what I love is she won’t just say, 'This is how you say it.'" Natalie, who is a voice coach and accent specialist, has worked with actors for more than a decade. She offers coaching in all UK accents as well as American accents and a variety of European accents. Anna told Masterpiece: "Obviously, when you read something straight you can get the accent correct, but then you’ll notice that it changes. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small boss details 'sacred' story [UPDATE]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on her costume secrets  [INSIGHT] "One of the things I found fascinating is listening to Nick [Ralph, who plays James Herriot] because he’s Scottish. "If his character gets angry, his accent gets stronger. Little details like that come out. "When something’s an authentic accent, it changes depending on where you’re at." While little is known about Mrs Hall’s past, viewers got to see a new side to her when she got involved with Gerald Hammond (Will Thorp) in season two.   Mr Hammond would always invite her to accompany him on his daily dog walk, however, she would always decline. 