Antiques Road Trip experts Philip Serrell, Roo Irvine, Izzie Balmer and Raj Bisram are set to welcome a new face to their team. Mark Hill has joined the line-up of the BBC show and is ready to take part in some friendly competition with his cast members. During his first trip, he was paired with Roo and he gave a glowing tribute about their time working together. Despite only just joining the Antiques Road Trip team, Mark is no stranger to TV screens as he has appeared alongside Fiona Bruce on Antiques Roadshow since 2007. He has also featured on other BBC programmes such as Collectaholics and Antiques Uncovered over the years. Touching on joining the show, Mark said: "It's basically what I do in life. Finding treasures around antique shops is what I do, so to do it with that sort of added competition makes me very excited." For his first trip, Mark was paired with long time Road Trip member and "dear friend" Roo Irvine, to whom he paid a glowing tribute. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan He told OK!: "Working with Roo is really great. She's just so much fun, and I think what comes across is that it really is two good friends travelling around the country with the edge of competition." Mark also teased what the pair managed to get up to on their outing and said: "There have been a few occasions where I've had very nice surprises. "Very, very nice surprises, but you're gonna have to tune in to find out! I will say there are some jolly nice surprises with extremely smile-making results." Mark has a deep passion for treasures of the past and revealed he likes to wear vintage clothing and is all about being sustainable. "Most of the clothes I wear are vintage, it's about quality, and it's also about sustainability and recycling like any other antique. "I like to wear those objects because, without wanting to sound holier than thou, there is the future of the environment to think about. One of the things I can't do is fast fashion." He began his career as a porter and then a specialist at Bonhams before moving to the Collectors Department at Sotheby’s. Mark handled a range of 18th, 19th and 20th-century objects, from toys to scientific and photographic equipment, vintage fashion and even bonsai trees. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt's Roo Irvine on why she can't watch herself on TV [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip's Paul Martin leaves BBC One Show guest in tears [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip welcomes new expert to BBC series  [MORE] 1613784 Roo recently celebrated Mark's arrival on the show and took to the Antiques Road Trip's official Twitter page to introduce him. In a video, she began: "Hi Antiques Road Trippers, I hope you're well, I have some exciting news, a brand new expert, and he's here right now. "Enter the dragon...Mark Hill! How are you doing?" to which Mark replied: "I am doing really well, all the better for seeing you. I can't wait to cross Scotland with you." She also took to her own personal Twitter account and said: "Storytime with Roo & Mark! The only thing missing is a crackling log fire because doing an @AntiqueRoadTrip with the legendary @antiquemark has been the equivalent of a cosy night in a winter storm, crackling fire & Brie De Meux! I'm a lucky lassie indeed! Come join us." Fans were eager to welcome Mark to the team, with Brian Peters tweeting: "Welcome Mark, what a wonderful way to kick off your road trip experience with the glamorous and talented Roo, though a word to the wise, refrain from wearing a kilt in that braw windy weather!" Susan Silver added: "Love Mark. Looking forward to seeing him with you, Roo should be a fab Road Trip." While Anne Edward commented: "Good luck, I am sure you'll smash it." (sic) Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.