The Renault Scenic Vision concept car is powered by a one-of-a-kind hybrid propulsion system - using electric and hydrogen power. It has a new-generation motor, a smaller battery and a fuel cell running on green hydrogen. It is ushering mobility into a completely new age, which the group believes is viable for the coming decade. The car can be driven as a conventional electric vehicle, without using the fuel cell on daily trips. When there is a requirement to travel longer distances, a route planner calculates the power the fuel cell needs to supply to keep the battery charged for longer, so that there is no need to charge it on the way. The point of using the fuel cell on long journeys is that it’s quicker to top up the hydrogen tank than to charge the battery. READ MORE: Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake This way, there is no need to charge the battery until the car reaches its destination. When the weather is cold, the hydrogen range-extender also keeps the battery at the right temperature for optimal operation and extra range. The futuristic exterior design provides a preview of an all-electric model that will be unveiled in 2024. Company CEO Luca de Meo was keen to emphasise that it is more than a simple design study. DON'T MISSTourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [SHOCKING]Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'burdensome' ULEZ expansion plans [COMMENT]'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [WARNING] He said: "When we do a concept, we want to turn that into real cars.” The concept car has been heralded as having all the advantages of electric motors, as well as no pollution. It is said that the car will have instant acceleration, less noise and no vibration, as well as the only discharge being water when it is used. Using this propulsion system, drivers can travel long distances only stopping briefly to fill the hydrogen tank, which would roughly be every three hours. They provide an appealing alternative to all-electric motors - even though they are still in the exploratory phase. Renault estimates that the number of electric vehicles on Europe’s roads will increase tenfold between now and 2030, from 10 million to 100 million. The French manufacturer is the first car maker to work on the full battery lifecycle. Once a battery is no longer fit to power a vehicle, its energy can be reused in stationary storage solutions in homes or offices, or elsewhere. Currently, there are only two mainstream hydrogen-powered cars on the market - the Toyota Mirai and the Hyundai Nexo. The Toyota Mirai starts at £49,995 and has a fuel economy of between 317 and 357 miles per gallon. The Hyundai Nexo can travel 413 miles in just five minutes of refuelling, with drivers being able to get their hands on the car for £68,856. More hydrogen cars and vans are expected to be on the way, with brands like BMW, Land Rover and Vauxhall all planning new models within the next five years. There are around 15 hydrogen refuelling stations open in the UK, with plans to open more in the near future.