Andrew Neil took to the Channel 4 airwaves on his Sunday evening show, opening the programme with a rap performance. Riffing off of Nadine Dorries' rap  she released earlier this week, the broadcaster bobbed along to music while attempting to deliver rap lyrics himself. He even ended his performance by dropping his microphone in a pop star fashion. His unorthodox intro shocked many viewers with his skills being ridiculed online. Conservative MP Dorries released a TikTok video where she rapped about "the UK is passing some new legislation, to make the internet safer for the younger generation". The viral video has not been received well, and show host Andrew thought he would have an attempt at his own rap song. "On the mic" and getting "with the flow" Andrew confidently looked straight down the camera as he performed to his viewers. Puzzled observer Ruairi O'Brien-Kelly was not impressed and tweeted: "Channel 4, what are you playing at? Have a look at yourself in the mirror and ask yourself is this what you really want to make?" Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted His talent, or lack of it, soon became a talking point online, with Rich Adams adding: "Please, have we not all been through enough?!" Nathan Franklin stated: "Oh how far you have fallen." With a video of Dorries playing, Andrew took the opportunity to riff off of her in a rap battle style. @GaryOfLancs described: "I'd rather listen to a dentist's drill than a rap battle." The fact Dorries has been pushing for Channel 4 to be privatised seemed to anger viewers even more. @BRCrichton described: "That's just grim. Is this all part of the destruction of @Channel4? "Dragging it into the gutter with a clown show of long-discredited players?" Taking a few seconds to get into the groove Andrew's lyrics began: "I'm here to present The Andrew Neil Show. I'm on the mic, so get with the flow. DON’T MISS…Neil Dudgeon wife: Who is the Midsomer Murders star married to?  [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST]   "Top politicians here on C4, it's just half an hour, but they all want more. "I ask all the questions like I just don't care. So come on, Boris, get in the chair." Dropping the microphone, he ended: "Thanks Nadine, nailed it." Dorries' video, which was meant to break down new legislation into more accessible language to social media users, has actually united them online in mocking the video.  