Trehane House, which was once a manor, has been listed for sale this week. However, those hoping to get their hands on it will need to be willing to do some work before it is liveable. Once a grand Queen Anne manor house, the property has since decayed. Following a fire in 1946, the property faced damages that have not been repaired. The property has been listed by estate agents Lillicrap Chilcott. It shared a description of the property along with a number of photos. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds Pictures show the building surrounded by green grass, shrubbery and the countryside. Buyers will get the property on a five-acre site in a private location. It is based just three miles from Truro, Cornwall. Offers are being accepted in excess of £600,000 and buyers will get the house and the land.  The description read: "An exceptional five-acre site in a magical and private setting, with the ruins of a Grade II Listed Queen Anne manor house and detailed planning consent for its reconstruction to create what would be one of Cornwall's finest country houses. "An unrivalled and unrepeatable opportunity in a blissful yet highly convenient location." The estate dates back to the 13th century and has been in the hands of many families over the years, Cornwall Live reported. This included Captain William Stackhouse Church Pinwill, who had a keen interest in the gardens. An index by the Captain listed 4,500 plants at Trehane. Among the plants was a number of rare species that had not been seen before in the UK. In 1914 Captain William was recognised for his contributions and was awarded the Victoria Medal of Honour by the Royal Horticultural Society. The manor could soon get a new owner again once it is on sale. The potential buyer will be able to make the property their own as it requires much renovation work. While there is lots to do, once complete the owner will have a generous sized property in a good location. The buyer may then choose to live in the property or sell it.