Paramount Network’s hit legal drama The Good Fight is the highly acclaimed spin-off of CBS’ The Good Wife. After five seasons on the air, bosses recently announced the show would come to an end after season six.  The Good Fight followed the life of Diane Lockhart (played by Christine Baranski) as she rebuilt her life after being scammed of her life savings. In the series, she secured a new role in a new law firm in Chicago, alongside her goddaughter Maia (Rose Leslie). However, fans will soon be forced to wish their favourite characters goodbye after it was revealed the show would be coming to an end. Its finale would also end Baranski’s astounding 13-year portrayal of Diane, as the actress also starred in The Good Wife.  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show As the network confirmed The Good Fight would return to screens for season six in July 2021, they added it wouldn’t have a seventh season. In an interview with Variety, the showrunner Robert King stated: “We felt we could end the show with a pretty big bang. “That's better than getting to the season where we're struggling to find plot. We thought the sixth season could get us off the stage pretty grandly.” The show was created by Robert and his wife Michelle King, following the success of the original series, The Good Wife.  The show’s executive producer, Ridley Scott also spoke to Variety and shared: “In this day and age, where long runs are more the exception than the norm. “And where discerning audiences have so much choice for quality content, the success and longevity of these series are a testament to how excellent both shows were.” Viewers were huge fans of season five as they watched Diane question her role in the law firm and whether it was appropriate for her to help the African American law firm. She also battled with this after the firm lost two of its top lawyers.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]The Good Fight blasted by Selena Gomez over kidney transplant jokes [REACTION]The Good Fight season 5: Stars detail ‘messy’ show after Adrian exit [INSIGHT] Season five also saw the firm intertwined with Hal Wackner (Mandy Patinkin) after spontaneously deciding to open a court in the back of a copy shop with no legal training. Speaking of the upcoming season, showrunner Michelle told TVLine: “Season 6 is very much about civil war [erupting] in our country, and it felt like that was the story to tell in the last season of this show.” Fans gained some insight on the instalment during the season five finale as the episode also previewed the trailer. While the synopsis read: “Meanwhile, the lawyers of Reddick & Associates wonder if the violence that they see all around them points to an impending civil war.”  Fans were upset to learn the news of its cancellation and took to Twitter to express their emotions. A distraught @nicolefarls stated: “In case anyone is wondering how I’m doing with the news of [The Good Fight] ending, the answer is NOT GOOD.” @BradLindenSoCal added: “I'm so bummed it's ending this year with season 6.” @ATVfriend tweeted: “Heartbreaking Diane Lockhart is such an inspiration and she's been in our lives for 13 years.” Although the show’s end is approaching fans can look forward to The Good Wife’s Eli Gold reviving his character Alan Cummings for an appearance in season six. The Good Fight is available on Paramount Network in the US and on Amazon Prime in the UK. 