Senior figures at FA’s Wembley HQ have been said to be arguing for a more positive and hopeful song to be played before England matches ahead of this year’s World Cup in Qatar. Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline could become the preferred tune to lift fans’ spirits this year, but GB News presenter and columnist Dan Wootton has lamented what he thinks would be a ‘politically correct’ move from the football organisation. TV presenter Dan has slammed the alleged plans to axe Three Lions at this year’s World Cup. His comments come after it was reported senior officials in the FA were said to be concerned over "imperialist" themes in David Baddiel and Frank Skinner’s Euros ‘96 anthem. He began: “So it was only a matter of time, wasn’t it, before woke warriors decided that Three Lions was somehow illustrative of arrogant English imperialism by claiming this country is the home of football, even though that is one of those inconvenient facts.” Dan went on to argue the song can’t have "arrogant and imperialist"sentiments as modern football was, indeed, formed in the UK. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death “A major tournament without Three Lions would be like depriving fans of waving St George’s flags,” he continued. As Qatar has asked nations to nominate just one song for pre-match games, Dan insisted the FA shouldn’t move away from The Lightning Seeds’ iconic tune. Dan concluded: “That must be Three Lions, a reminder of a time before Britain’s cultural and sporting institutions went pathetically politically correct.” Although FA have denied claims the song will be axed at the World Cup, comments from comedian and Three Lions co-writer David could be cause for concern. David said last year: "The FA, they don’t really like Three Lions. “I think it’s the notion, misinterpreted by many people, that football’s coming home means that England owns football and we are the homeland of football. “Which historically is the case. We were the first one to ratify the rules of the game. But somehow that’s offensive to other FAs, like the Croatian FA or whatever.” Sources have also told The Sun the success of Sweet Caroline in recent years has caused the FA to consider distancing the England team from the Euros tune. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Aelswith star recalls Alexander's final scene [INTERVIEW]Outlander boss shares disappointing update on season 7 episodes [UPDATE]Devils season 2: Patrick Dempsey rewrote scenes of Sky drama [INSIGHT] "Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline was a huge hit with fans singing their hearts out at Euro 2020, and must be a strong contender now,” they said. “It has nothing to do with football but it’s a great feel-good song and has absolutely no negativity attached to it.” However, the FA have insisted this isn’t the case in a recent update on Twitter. They wrote: “Contrary to reports this morning, The FA still plays Three Lions at major Wembley matches and has never had any intention of doing otherwise. “The song belongs to the fans and is about the hope of following the England team. “It was requested by The FA to be played as one of our team songs at the 2018 World Cup and at the EUROs last summer, and this is our plan at tournaments going forwards.” For now, fans will just have to wait until the next World Cup kicks off in November to find out if Three Lions remains the official anthem of English football. Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News at 9pm from Monday-Thursday.