Antiques Roadshow visited Wells in Somerset for a recent instalment of the BBC programme where expert Marc Allum was presented with a musical plaque from a Bristol pub. His guest was staggered when he revealed the plaque could be of national significance with a value to match. When he revealed it was worth tens of thousands of pounds, she described the valuation as "mindboggling".  Marc began: "I can see you are all standing there holding pieces of paper and you've got a set of music and lyrics there. "And those music and lyrics are actually the same as the music and lyrics on the ceramic plaque. Aren't they?" The guest told Marc he was correct before explaining the music was by a well-known composer called Henry Purcell. She said: "He wrote, I think, about 30 or so, probably. A lot of them were quite bawdy." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari Marc explained: "Henry Purcell's catches were really made for what I would call a kind of tavern or public house environment, weren't they? "So the ceramic plaque here, which is a terracotta plaque, in fact, has the title Topeing Jack, which is what you've just sung, basically, with all the musical notation and lyrics written on it." The expert revealed topeing means drinking so Topeing Jack is about a "cuckolded chap" who had been drinking a lot of alcohol. An impressed Marc added: "I've never seen one like it, I have to say."  The guest said the plaque came from her grandfather and his mother owned it before he did. "She was the daughter of a pub landlord in Bristol," she explained. "And when he moved on, he presumably took it with him because he'd bought it with the pub, I guess." Marc told her the item was "unique" and thought it was created in the second half of the 18th Century. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of 'rare' book  [MUST SEE]Antiques Roadshow expert uncovers ‘disappointing’ medal detail [LATEST]Charlie Ross net worth: How much is Bargain Hunt star worth? [EXPLAINER] "So it's of considerable age," the expert stated. "And I think that's the English Delft item." "Now the shape of it is very much like a clock dial but there may be some people who would argue that this is the kind of ceramic plaque that would have been made on the continent and would have come over to this country. "But the fact is was in a pub in Bristol leads me to believe that as an English Delft plaque, it could well be a Bristol plaque." He then revealed he thought the item was of "national importance".  "It's unique, basically," he explained to his stunned guest before unveiling how much he thought it would fetch at auction. "I think it would be very highly sought-after indeed," Marc said. "If it came up for auction tomorrow I think it would go for £40,000 to £60,000." The guest was stunned as her partner thought it was only worth £50 before Marc added: "Do you know what? I feel like it could make £80,000." She later said: "I am blown away really, I had no idea, I thought it was interesting but not in a million years did I think it would be this precious, it's mindboggling." Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 