Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has pleaded with Newcastle to do his old side a favour and stop Arsenal winning this evening. Arsenal head to St James' Park tonight knowing anything less than three points would take Champions League qualification out of their hands. Mikel Arteta's side will secure a top four spot for the first time since 2016 if they beat both Newcastle and Everton. However, Tottenham are waiting in the wings for any slip-up from their north London rivals. And Spurs fan O'Hara has sent a passionate speech to the Magpies players ahead of the match in the hope it can galvanise Eddie Howe's side. He said on talkSPORT: "Newcastle come on, this is the one. "Show us that you're a big club, show us that you're amongst the elite and show us that you will put Arsenal to the sword. Because they will bottle it, they'll fold under the pressure, like they do when they go to the Champions League. READ MORE: Arsenal's much-changed XI next season with six signings after three 'agreements' reached  "The last time they were in the quarter-final of the Champions League was in 2010, 2010! So howay the lads, make it happen, do it for Spurs and do it for football." O'Hara believes Arsenal have had an "incredible season" compared to what many expected them to achieve at the start of the campaign. However, the pundit is still backing Spurs to finish the season on top. He added: "Fair play to Arsenal, they've given themselves a chance, their destiny is still in their hands. If they win the games, they're in the top four. Simple as that. DON'T MISSMan Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]Liverpool's £8m windfall from Nat Phillips sale adds to Klopp's £500m masterplan [TRANSFERS]Man Utd have five De Jong alternatives after star tells Barcelona he wants to stay [TRANSFERS]  "They've had a great season. Arteta's done a great job with a young group of players, he's just put this team together, and they're fighting for a top four spot, which really and truthfully is an incredible season from where people probably expected them to be. "I still think Spurs are going to get in there. When it comes to the crunch, this is an inexperienced Arsenal side. "You saw it against Tottenham on Thursday night, they were absolutely shocking. Now it's whether they can bounce back and get a result and pick themselves up off the floor. I just think the pressure is going to carry on and continue to get to them."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here