Samsung has just made its 8K and 4K TVs more affordable than ever. The South Korean tech giant is running some money-saving deals that not only help you save money on the price of a new Samsung TV, but also makes paying for it more manageable. On its Neo QLED range Samsung is offering up to £500 cashback, plus up to £400 when you trade-in your old telly as well as the option to pay with monthly payments at zero percent APR. In total, when you combine the trade-in and cashback offer you can save up to £900 on the cost of a new Samsung Neo QLED TV. While the ability to pay off your shiny new telly with zero percent APR monthly payments makes Samsung's 4K and 8K TVs more affordable than ever before. You can find out what Samsung TVs are eligible for this promotion by clicking here. Monthly payments can be spread across 12 or even 36 months, with the latter meaning you'll be paying smaller monthly payments but for a longer amount of time.  These mega money saving deals are all part of the Samsung Trade Up programme. Samsung has a dedicated website that details how this programme works which you can visit by clicking here. The site says: "Recycle your old TV for free and get up to £400 off a new Neo QLED TV or OLED. Combine with offers like up to £500 Cashback on selected Neo QLED TVs and then finance at 0% APR representative for an astonishing deal." To take part in this programme you, first of all will need to find the Neo QLED TV or OLED TV you want on the Samsung website and then select the Trade-Up option before you add the item to your basket.  Then, you will need to tell Samsung what TV you are recycling (with select models eligible for recycling) and you will get an instant discount applied to your new Neo QLED TV or OLED at checkout. After that, you will need to ensure your old TV is ready for collection. You won't need to worry about packaging it but if it's on a wall mount you'll have to take it down. Once Samsung comes to deliver your new TV they will collect your old one at the same time and recycle it for free. The incredible money saving promotion doesn't have a set end date, with Samsung saying it will be renewed on a weekly basis until it gets cancelled. 