Adam Woodyatt, 53, has spent 34 years playing EastEnders character Ian Beale, before further cementing his celebrity status by appearing on shows like I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2021. However, he's now closed the door on that chapter of his life, in spite of being a regular member of the EastEnders cast since he was a teen - and, after a pal offered him shifts in his eatery, he's ready to contemplate what to do next. Adam, who filmed his last scenes for the soap back in 2020, has jokingly spoken about taking on a very different career. "My friend Daniel Clifford has previously offered me a bit of time working in his kitchen at Midsummer House restaurant in Cambridge," he revealed. "I might go and do that for a couple of weeks. "Knowing Daniel, he will have me doing the washing up!" he told the Daily Star. READ NOW: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes If so, Adam wouldn't be the first celebrity to muck in with surprisingly menial jobs. Rocker Sir Rod Stewart opted to fill potholes in the roads instead of waiting for the local council to do it, in concerns over safety. He also got behind the bar in a Scottish pub recently after a football match and served up pints to customers. Preparing tasty food for restaurant-goers - and even washing up - would doubtless be a less terrifying prospect than chowing down on creepy crawlies for I'm A Celeb. However, it seems unlikely that Adam will be mucking in to help his restaurateur friend for long. He is currently believed to be in talks about returning to his EastEnders role in a deal rumoured to be worth up to £300,000. The bosses at Walford are reportedly very keen to get him signed up again. Adam revealed earlier this year that he has moved into a motorhome. He initially intended to use it to travel between theatre shows while he was on tour, but has now found it surprisingly comfortable as a longterm home. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [DEBATE] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit  [LATEST]  "My daughter, who was living with me, has moved to America, so I didn't need a place for me and her [anymore]," he explained. "It was a case of 'Well, fine, I'll just carry on living in the motorhome," he told the Cambridge Independent. He revealed that he loves the outdoors lifestyle and that he enjoys visiting Wales, Yorkshire, Devon and Cornwall - along other locations - in his downtime. Adam also spoke about his decision to give up alcohol and the health benefits that he's seen since - including a dramatic loss of weight. "At this point in my life I'm quite happy not drinking - and the result is I've lost about three stone in weight!" he exclaimed.