Dr Ross Perry, Medical Director of Cosmedics Skin Clinics, commented on the skincare routine Queen of Spain, 49, may follow to get that "natural glow". According to the doctor, anyone can achieve the same results by following the royal's simple beauty routine. Dr Ross Perry started by saying that Queen Letizia "looks incredible at 49 and is clearly in the best shape of her life". He explained: "Let’s start with her skin which is flawless yet natural looking. "As she has a natural olive base to her skin, she will age well yet still clearly looks after her skin." According to the doctor, Queen Letizia probably follows an "exceptionable skincare regime which has been specifically formulated for her skin needs by a dermatologist". READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow  Dr Ross Perry also added the royal has "very little visible sun damage and clearly stays out of the sun and wears a high factor year round of at least 30". The expert explained using SPF on a daily basis is a very easy way to avoid damaged skin and improve its overall look. According to Parrish Healthcare, using sunscreen reduces the signs of ageing, limits the appearance of sunspots, protects the skin from sunburn, avoids broken blood vessels and reduces the risk of skin cancer. This is in fact a very affordable method to take good care of the skin as a bottle of face sunscreen lotion SPF 50+ can be purchased in Boots for as little as £4.99.  Victoria Schofield, Dermalogica's Education Manager, explained women “should be wearing SPF daily, whatever the weather". "UVA rays are present at the same strength from dusk till dawn all year round, and penetrate cloud cover, thus skin damage can occur in the colder months. "UVA also penetrates glass and windows – so if you’re working indoors, but near a window, your skin is still vulnerable to damage," she explained. Therefore, to fully protect the skin, avoid sunspots and prevent wrinkles, a high factor should be used all year round, including the winter months. Dr Ross Perry continued: "Alongside a good diet and keeping skin hydrated, I’d also suggest Queen Letizia has a consistent skin routine." The expert suggested the Spanish monarch regularly has facial and other beauty treatments "specifically designed to improve the skin’s health from within and in turn promote collagen production and stimulate cell renewal, tightening the skin and promoting a more even skin tone with a natural glow". He added: "All of the above is actually counteractive unless you’re leading a healthy lifestyle, so eating a good diet, getting plenty of sleep, minimal alcohol and plenty of exercise. "You can tell by her honed physical appearance, Queen Letizia is no stranger to exercise and by looking at her I’d suggest she works out at least five times a week." In fact, Queen Letizia reportedly follows the Perricone diet, a strict meal plan that includes having fish for breakfast every day. It is believed the royal also follows a very disciplined workout routine in the Palace. But what about make-up? Dr Ross Perry recommended using subtle make-up and neutral colours to "look younger". He said: "Make-up always looks flawless yet subtle and the subtle neutral tones are in keeping with her age and actually make her appear at least five years younger."