In the latest news emerging from Windsor amid health concerns surrounding the monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, 96, will not receive the Trooping the Colour salute for the first time in her 70 years on the throne. Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne will fill in for Britain’s longest-serving monarch at the parade on Thursday next week. Her Majesty will still attend the event, which kicks off her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but will play a limited role in the ceremony. The development comes as the Queen continues to experience “episodic mobility problems” in the run-up to her Jubilee. Ahead of the royal milestone, a royal historian who knows Her Majesty personally has reflected on her seven-decade reign. Hugo Vickers, who helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote this one, has recalled key moments of her historic reign. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he remembered accompanying the monarch on her landmark three-day trip to Russia in 1994 – the first visit to the country by any ruling British Sovereign. During the diplomatically sensitive tour, just three years after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russian President Boris Yeltsin kissed the Queen’s hand, who “appreciated” the “gallant gesture”, according to Mr Vickers. JUST IN: ‘Not in a month of Sundays’ will readers watch Meghan and Harry’s new Netflix show He said: “I think he was very impressed by her. I think the main thing, which was so fascinating, was that he kissed her hand at the end, which is completely spontaneous. “And I think that as a woman she would have appreciated this gallant gesture. I know that she did.” Britain’s Royal Family was loosely related to Russia’s own monarchy. The Queen and Prince Philip were both distant cousins of the last Czar Nicholas II, who was killed with his family by the Bolsheviks in 1918. Mr Vickers was with the media in the Kremlin as he watched the Queen being welcomed to Russia by Yeltsin, his wife, Naina and Russian officials at the start of the Russian tour. He said: “What was so fascinating was that I was in St. George’s Hall in the Kremlin with ITN and watched the very formal meeting which they do at the beginning. “This is when the visiting head of state comes in and presents her suite, her private secretary and her ambassador and everybody to the President. “And then he presents his team to her, and I think there were probably a couple of national anthems and maybe something else and the whole thing was over in about 10 minutes. “That’s a very, very formal meeting. Obviously, then they met privately, and they went to the ballet together.” The Queen and Yeltsin attended a special performance of ‘Giselle’ at the Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow. Her Majesty also drove through Moscow in her own Rolls-Royce, which had been brought over from London. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry's balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [LATEST]Prince Charles to get ‘help’ from Sophie and Edward as Wessexes ‘drawn into Queen’s orbit’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should William and Charles welcome Harry back with open arms? [ANALYSIS] The Queen then went for a walk with the Yeltsins through Red Square, the imposing open space next to the Kremlin in the Russian capital’s historic centre. Mr Vickers said: “They went into Red Square in Moscow, where the Queen was meant to be doing a walkabout but the Russian government, which for better or worse, decided to prevent any Russians from going into the square at all. “The only few stragglers there were tourists, so if the Queen said, ‘Where do you come from?’ they invariably came from Birmingham.” The royal historian claimed this part of the trip was less successful than the finale of her visit to Russia, which saw the monarch put on a return banquet for Yeltsin onboard the royal yacht Britannia in St. Petersburg. He said: “It wasn’t very successful. But then towards the end, at St. Petersburg, when she had the Britannia – I actually went onboard Britannia – there was a reception after dinner. “The Queen, Prince Philip and the Yeltsins lined up and you met them all, shook them by the hand and then joined the reception. “Then he put on this special march past, up and down on the quayside. “The Queen came down from Britannia in a long mink sort of cloak, which I think had probably been given to her by [Nikita] Khrushchev. “She was sparkling with jewels, looking absolutely like a Queen. And as he said goodbye to her, he kissed her hand, and off she went. He’d met a person that he was never going to see again.”