The Copernicus satellites – the EU’s Earth observation program – forecasts the sand-loaded winds will reach the Bay of Biscay in the southwest of France at around 5pm this afternoon. It said the “massive” dust cloud “will engulf the skies of Spain, Portugal and France over the next weekend”. It is not the first time Europe was doused in dust; in March a similar storm coated Spain, Portugal and even made it as far as parts of Britain. Copernicus estimates that the dust will fall until May 23. Modelling published online shows the plume will first reach up through the Iberian peninsula from Morocco and Algeria, before reaching into France and northern Italy. The satellite operation told French paper Le Parisien that the dust will head towards Bordeaux after making landfall, before heading towards central France. READ MORE: Skies turn orange as Saharan dust cloud blankets Spain – pictured By the early hours of Monday morning, it is expected to have reached Austria and southern Germany. Wider modelling suggests the south-east of England may see some of the dust on Monday morning, but it is largely expected to miss the rest of the UK. Mark Parrington, senior scientist at the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service, said yesterday (Thursday) that there would be a “significant dust transport to the Caribbean and Europe” from the Sahara – with a Jetstream of dust reaching across the Atlantic and towards the Mexican gulf. He added that dust storms will continue in the Sahara and Iraq for the next five days. The increased frequency of such dust storms penetrating northwards into Europe has been attributed to global warming and the recurrent droughts it has been linked to. This is especially acute at the equator, where temperatures are hottest: increases in temperatures further could make the planet’s largest desert a sandpit for violent weather. The drying out of topsoil through over-farming was the primary cause of the dustbowl, which saw large swathes of the American mid-west carpeted in dust storms during the 1930s. Despite allowing for some spooky imagery, the dust storms hold their own dangers. DON'T MISS:Eurocrats shamed for ‘targeting’ Brexit Britain in new punishment [INSIGHT]First Brexit trade deal with US on the brink of completion [UPDATE]EU gun to our head saw British manufacturing 'given away' [COMMENT] According to the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO), a UN body, as well as causing a nuisance for anyone who forgets to close their window, the minerals and compounds can affect the composition of clouds and their ability to absorb solar radiation. The dust particles carried by the storms can also have deeply damaging effects on human health, depending on how large they are. Larger particles that cannot be breathed in typically cause skin and eye irritations and increase the likelihood of eye infections, WMO says. Inhalable particles have been associated with breathing disorders such as asthma and pneumonia, but even finer particles may enter the bloodstream, where they can affect the internal organs. The dust storms can also wreak havoc with transport infrastructure, and can disrupt flight landings and departures. According to the WMO, dust particles – especially those coated in pollutants – act as nuclei for the formation of clouds, helping generate precipitation that brings the dust down to earth. However, while Saharan dust has some minerals that promote plant and marine life, it can have damaging effects on agriculture. Sat 24 predicts stretches of heavy rain across parts of central Europe through Sunday and Monday. There is a likelihood that these could turn into wide-ranging thunderstorms. Vincent-Henri Peuch, director of the Copernicus atmosphere monitoring service, explained: “If thunderstorms occur on Friday and Saturday, there could be deposits on the ground. “In the past, we knew about it when we saw a layer of red sand on our cars, but our prediction ability has clearly progressed.” Additional reporting by Maria Ortega