Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid sat down with Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday morning to discuss the current issues surrounding the Ukraine crisis, Partygate and the rise in the cost of living. Whilst touching on how people are struggling with the cost of living going up and not being able to live steady lives, Reid asked whether Johnson was "in touch" with the public. When trying to introduce the topic of the cost of living, Johnson continued to speak about the Ukrainian crisis, however, Reid didn't back down from the topic. She explained: "The biggest issue for people is not Ukraine. "The biggest issue for people right now is how they can possibly afford to pay their bills, and they wonder, are you in touch with what they're experiencing? "Food prices are rising, going to be the biggest in a decade, energy bills are rising, and they're going to rise again in October. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "Petrol costs are rising, taxes are rising, food bank fees are rising. The number of people in poverty is rising. "The number of children in poverty is rising. This is on your watch Prime Minister, and we're doing everything we can to help with the pressures on family budgets." Johnson responded: "I totally understand and get what people are against, and it is important to set the global context this is a spike in energy prices. You mentioned food cost of chickens is crazy. "This is all being driven by the cost of the inputs, mainly fuel, and that has been greatly exacerbated by every single problem you've said." Reid continued to jibe: "So you're doing everything you can, you're not, you're not imposing a windfall tax, and we've already had that billions in profits this morning. Why not?" Explaining his decisions, Johnson added: "Yes, of course. It's incredibly important that we focus on one of the biggest issues that we, this country, is in an insane position of having. "To take in piping electricity from France and elsewhere because we haven't done enough to invest in our own security of energy and electricity." But once again, as he avoided answering the question, Susanna probed: "So why don't you impose a windfall tax on the profits just one-off people right now? "People right now who are paying their energy bills to be told you need to leave. Your job is to help people pay their bills!" Johnson snapped back: "So what we're doing right now is helping people with the cost of energy with the £9.1billion that we put in was a £350 support that we're giving back straight off. "Those contributions from the taxpayer because that's what it is taxpayer's money isn't going to be enough immediately to help cover everybody for support that isn't going to work in there is more that we can cite the crucial thing. "That crucial thing is to make sure we did with the prices over the medium and long terms." Viewers were eager to listen in to the interview this morning which was originally scheduled for a quarter past eight. However, after five minutes had passed and an interview with Patrick Kielty took the slot, viewers began to fume on social media about how late the Prime Minister was. Taking to Twitter, @DOPreston commented: "Being constantly late is a clear indicator of his mismanagement of everything he does. #BorisJohnson #GMB #BritainDeservesBetter." @IckieBickie added: "8.15 they said the interview would be. The PM has no respect. #gmb." @ginaandtoxicuk fumed: "So 20 mins late so far @gmb#gmb, we get a few minutes." @LynzP01 said: "Ladies & gentlemen, the PM only thinks the public is worthy of an interview when he needs your votes. Let that sink in #GMB." James Seller joked: "Is Boris Johnson predictably late or hoping most of us have to go to work? #GMB." Edwin Hayward asked: "Perhaps Boris Johnson has figured it will cause #GMB more damage for him not to turn up than it will hurt him?" (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.