It comes as meteorologists have set a date for Britain’s hottest day of the year so far, with 25 degree heat set to scorch the south-east next week. Ownership of dogs skyrocketed during the coronavirus pandemic, with many seeking four-legged company while locked down at home. The Pet Food Manufacturers’ Association estimated that as of this year, there are 13 million dogs owned in the UK – an increase of a million when compared with the previous year. With more dogs and more dog owners, pet charities are concerned that so many new owners will not have full knowledge of the needs of their pet. In September, the Kennel Club – which organises the Crufts dog show – found that two in five Britons had picked up “bad habits” during the pandemic. Half of dog owners who “click and collected” their dog during the pandemic, without meeting it first, told the organisation would be happy to do so again. READ MORE: UK hot weather: Exact date Britain set for 'hottest day of year' Meanwhile, 17 percent said they spent less than two hours researching before getting a dog. Whereas some breeds are capable of handling hot weather, many breeds have either originated from cold regions of the world and have adapted accordingly, or have been bred in a way that means they must be kept cool. These breeds will quickly tire – and could even suffer from heatstroke – if they are exposed to hight temperatures over an extended period of time. According to the Kennel Club, “during hot summer heatwaves your dog is more at risk of developing heatstroke”. While any dog can develop heatstroke, those which are typically larger, overweight or have a thick coat or flat face are more at risk. It explains: “Dogs are not as good at dealing with high temperatures as us and can only sweat to cool down on areas not covered by fur, such as their paws and nose. “When they are hot, dogs mostly cool down by panting, but sometimes this just isn’t enough. As their body temperature rises it damages their tissues and organs, making them unwell. “In severe cases, heatstroke can cause their organs to fail and can lead to death.” The Kennel Club states that around one in seven cases of heatstroke treated by vets ends with the dog dying. DON'T MISSVDL faces nightmare as EU rebels refuse to back sanctions [REPORT] Russia's 'only oil pipeline to EU' in flames - 3 countries face crisis [REVEAL] British missiles to down Putin's ship as horror war takes to sea [INSIGHT] Breeds that are at a greater risk of heatstroke include bulldogs, French mastiffs and pugs, owing to their flat faces. The British Columbia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says that “flat-faced dog breeds have more difficulty taking in enough air to cool themselves down by panting. “Flat-faced dogs such as pugs, Boston terriers, French bulldogs, English bulldogs and shih tzus are more sensitive to heat because they suffer from brachycephalic airway syndrome (BAS).” A 2020 study in Nature found that flat-faced dogs in the UK were twice as likely to develop heatstroke than other dog breeds. However, large dogs – such as boxers, golden retrievers and Staffordshire bull terriers – are also susceptible to the heat as they require more intensive exercise. Around 75 percent of cases of heatstroke among dogs in the UK are due to over-exercise, or exercising on a warm day, the Kennel Club says. Meanwhile, breeds with long hair, including cavalier King Charles spaniels and English springer spaniels, can also overheat from their own insulating fur. Dogs are said to be mostly comfortable when temperatures range between 15 and 25 degrees, but “some dogs may struggle to maintain a low body temperature, even in lower temperatures”. Forecasters are predicting that next Wednesday (May 11) will see a warm plume of air moving towards the UK from Europe, with highs of 25 degrees predicted for London. Jim Dale, senior forecast at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: “The near continent is getting hot and we're getting a little bit of that warmth into London that will give us the warmest day of the year so far next week. “We get a frontal system that comes in around Tuesday to Wednesday. It rides up over the north, giving them some rain, but underneath that, you've got a warm plume moving up from France and Spain. “When we get to Wednesday, [we could see] 25 degrees in London. It continues into the following days.”