Ronnie O’Sullivan has been named the snooker journalists’ player of the year and has also landed the World Snooker Tour’s performance of the year award after winning the World Snooker Championship earlier this week. But the Rocket has sensationally missed out on the WST’s main player of the year trophy after it went to Neil Robertson. O’Sullivan has been in fine form this year and blew away his opponents at the Crucible in Sheffield as he dispatched Judd Trump 18-13 in the final to draw level with Stephen Hendry at the top of the all-time standings. The 46-year-old eased past David Gilbert, Mark Allen, Stephen Maguire and John Higgins on his way to the championship as he hit top form at the crucial times. But Robertson picked up the main 2021/22 award after tasting glory at the English Open, the Masters, the Players Championship and the Tour Championship during a stellar campaign. And the Australian’s season culminated with a 147 maximum break at the Crucible. Meanwhile, the fans’ player of the year went to Zhao Xintong, while Wu Yize was named rookie of the year. O’Sullivan has been at the top of the game since the 1990s and his latest awards come after he also claimed victory at the World Grand Prix and finished the season at the top of the world rankings. And the veteran has insisted he isn’t done yet. MUST READ: Ronnie O'Sullivan claims he will never be snooker GOAT  “I could probably play to my mid-50s if I wanted to,” O’Sullivan said after his latest title win. “The tournaments like this will be a bit of a strain - there might not be much chance of winning them but, everything else, why not? I still enjoy being on the circuit, I’m having fun with it.” But the Rocket has claimed he wasn’t too concerned about matching Hendry’s record. “I think it meant more to him than it does to me, to have seven world titles,” he added. READ MORE: O'Sullivan makes World Championship plea but suggests China venue move   “We share it - it’s alright to share that. Hendry’s a legend of the game, an absolute legend of the game. It’s just a number at the end of the day - I don’t get too caught up with it to be honest with you. It never has [weighed heavily on me] and I’ve never bothered about records. “I just try and enjoy the game, compete, enjoy being on the circuit, try and enjoy what I do and work hard at my game. Then you just let the snooker gods decide what they’re going to decide. This 17 days they were on my side.” 