Malcolm Scothern, a disabled 81-year-old army veteran, has successfully appealed against parking fines on privately-owned car parks in Nottinghamshire. The driver, who was awarded the British Empire Medal, is now warning drivers how they can successfully overturn a parking ticket. The army veteran, from Kirkby in Ashfield, was first fined after his car was spotted by cameras at a car park in Mansfield. Malcolm had parked at St Peter’s Retail Park for 75 minutes, paying £2 at the designated machine. Despite this, he was sent a significant £60 fine from CP Plus, who claimed he had parked without payment. The determined former member of the 17th/21st Lancers (now the Queen’s Royal Lancers), an Army cavalry regiment, wrote to the car park company, claiming he thought the machine had been faulty. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park Fortunately, he had kept his parking ticket to prove his case. CP Plus responded by saying: “This parking charge has been cancelled in full. No further action will be taken. “We apologise sincerely for any inconvenience caused in this matter, and can confirm that the case has been closed.” Speaking after the fine was quashed, Malcolm said drivers should keep a hold of their parking tickets and receipts just in case. DON'T MISSFury over parking fines handed out to elderly drivers [SHOCKING]Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE] He told Mansfield and Ashfield Chad: “There was no explanation that anything had gone wrong, which proves my point that these companies just send out the fines and hope the recipients have disposed of their ticket and so pay up. "I feel there is a danger that the public are being ripped off terribly. "I don’t suppose many people keep their receipts and so, to save a lot of trouble, they automatically pay the fine immediately.” Malcolm’s previous parking fine successes were at the Festival Hall in Kirkby around ten years ago. The second was at the Commercial Gate car park in Mansfield in February 2022. It came after the ticket machine refused both cash and card and Malcolm's complaint was upheld by the Parking On Private Land Appeals service. Citizens Advice recommends to drivers that they should not pay a parking ticket they intend to appeal. Usually, paying is seen as admitting the ticket was right, meaning they won’t be able to appeal it once they’ve paid.  If they are worried about paying, they should call whoever gave them the ticket and ask them to confirm that they shouldn’t pay if they are appealing. Most parking tickets will either be a penalty charge notice, a parking charge notice, or a fixed penalty notice. Depending on which fine a driver receives, the appeals process will be different. Express.co.uk has contacted CP Plus for a comment.