All Creatures Great and Small will return to Channel 5 with a third season later this year. Fans have seen different sides of the quirky and outspoken Siegfried Farnon (played by Samuel West) over the course of the TV series. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether he is a real animal expert. West was delighted to join the cast of All Creatures Great and Small as the fictional version of Skeldale House boss, Donald Sinclair. He opened up about how he likes the fact Siegfried comes from a line of British eccentrics. The star said it was a great pleasure to play someone who is fierce and short-tempered, yet deeply loving. Siegfried has a good heart underneath his sometimes cold exterior, and he provides plenty of comic relief. His love of animals may even go deeper than his love of humans. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small star calls out 'annoying' wedding leak Siegfried may be an expert in animals of all sizes in the series, but actor West also knows a thing or two. Although he is not a qualified vet or animal expert, he is a very keen bird watcher and often gets asked for advice on how to look after them. Speaking to Masterpiece, he said: "Quite a lot of people tweet when they find baby birds, and say, 'What do I do?' "Unfortunately, the advice is always the same, which is, if it really is incapacitated, and there isn’t a parent nearby, you can take it in, but it’s much more likely to survive if you leave it alone. "Which is not a very helpful thing to say, but you have to say it." The star expressed his love for small animals and he kept mice and rats as a child. He has since passed the knowledge on to his older daughter, explaining to her how smart rats can be. The actor added: "I’m quite good on rat illnesses, of which, I’m afraid, there are rather a lot. "But in fact, in my case, it’s more about saying to Andy [Barrett], our vet on set, 'Where do my hands go to check that this bone is broken or not? "'How do I check that this horse is not concussed?'" DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small's Tristan star details mishap [INSIGHT] Rachel Shenton age: How old is the All Creatures Great and Small star? [EXPLAINER] Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [INSIGHT] With this in mind, West does have some knowledge on how to care for small animals in real life. But unlike his character in the series, he is not a qualified vet. He spoke to Country Living about his love of birds, which developed after he listened to a CD of birdsong whilst in the car. The actor shared: "I’ve had to start liking the common stuff. You get a coal tit in your garden and you go, ‘It’s a big day – great!’ “I think I’m quite good at birdsong. When we go out birding, Laura’s [West's partner] the eyes and I’m the ears.” His interest in the natural world has definitely made his role in the Channel 5 series apt. Filming has now finished on season three and the new episodes are expected to air around September 2022. No official release date has been announced, but every other season so far has aired in September. The third season is expected to see the Second World War looming.  All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will return to Channel 5 later this year.