Tom Cruise, 59, and Prince William, 39, rubbed shoulders tonight as they attended the red carpet at the London premiere for Top Gun: Maverick. The Hollywood actor revealed during the event that he and the Queen’s grandson “have a lot in common”. He explained: “We have a lot in common. We both love England and we’re both aviators, we both love flying.” Tom was ecstatic to be able to attend the glamorous events after the coronavirus pandemic brought everything to a halt for almost two years. He continued to PA: “I love what I do, I’ve always enjoyed it and I’m enjoying it even more now. “Particularly after the last couple of years, just to have an event like this is extraordinary.” The star-studded event saw Prince William and Kate Middleton make a dazzling appearance together. While everyone on the red carpet posed for the photographers, Tom could be seen at one point holding Kate's hand as he helped her up some stairs. The Hollywood star was praised for his efforts in making the Duchess of Cambridge feel more comfortable. Some spectators took to Twitter to comment on the gesture, branding Tom a “gentleman”. Twitter user duchesskatefan_ said: "Tom Cruise being a perfect gentleman tonight!" Emma4AboutRoyal added: "Tom Cruise being a gentleman to the Duchess." Kate donned a show-stopping off-the-shoulder monochrome Roland Mouret dress and sparkling diamond earrings. Prince William also looked smart in a co-ordinated tailored tuxedo. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] Royal fans reacted to the couple’s arrival for the premiere, praising their immaculate style. A fan page for the royals with the username loveforcambridg wrote: "The most elegant and beautiful couple on the planet." Kayla Adams added: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge absolute ROCKINGGGGG this matching look at the Top Gun Premiere tonight." RoyallyBelle_ typed: "Can we all just take a moment? “The hair, the makeup, the dress! STUNNING." DarkSldeoftMoon penned: "HRH Duchess of Cambridge looks stunning!! Royalty meets true Hollywood royalty." Tom himself looked elegant in a classic black tuxedo at the event’s red carpet, which took place tonight in London’s Leicester Square. The original Top Gun film saw Tom star as LT Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and grossed more than £289.5 million worldwide.