Tottenham’s hopes of signing Paulo Dybala have been reprised after the player’s agent confirmed that the forward has not agreed a deal with Inter Milan. Juventus star Dybala is one of several high-profile players who can be signed as a free agent in the summer, and Spurs have a long-standing interest. On Wednesday, Inter were reported to have secured a deal with Dybala, whose Juve contract expires at the end of June. The Argentine has already agreed to leave his current club. Reports in the Italian media suggested that the 28-year-old will become Inter’s third-highest earner behind Lautaro Martinez and Marcelo Brozovic. A four-year contract worth £5million per season has apparently been agreed. However, Dybala’s representative, Jorge Antun, has denied those claims. He insists his client has no agreement with any club. “I deny any kind of agreement with any club, as of today. No agreement has been reached with Italian or foreign clubs yet,” he said, as per journalist Fabrizio Romano. JUST IN: Arsenal making 'serious effort' to sign Moussa Diaby this summer It gives Spurs and their Premier League rivals hope of signing Dybala in a bargain free transfer. The north Londoners have long held an interest, as have Manchester United. The latter are perhaps further behind in their summer transfer plans, with incoming boss Erik ten Hag still focusing on helping Ajax win the Eredivisie. The Dutchman is widely reported as having told the Red Devils not to disturb him while he tries to win a third league title with Ajax. Spurs and United both came close to signing Dybala in 2019 but respective deals failed to materialise over image rights agreements. Neither club ended up signing a forward that summer. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'quietly confident' about Kane theory as Haaland helps SpursArsenal 'keen on £60m Inter ace Martinez' but Spurs could stop signingTottenham outcast Steven Bergwijn admits Spurs career could be over But Antonio Conte is now desperate to replenish his forward line, despite the strong impact Dejan Kulusevski has made since arriving in January. Son Heung-min has also continued to ease the scoring burden on Harry Kane, with the South Korean bagging 19 Premier League goals this term. Dybala would provide another source of goals for Conte. The former Palermo prospect has scored 14 times across all competitions this term for Juve. According to Gazette dello Sport - who were first to report Inter’s proposal - Premier League sides Arsenal and Newcastle have also made contact with Antun over a possible move. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta needs at least two strikers as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both expected to leave. Newcastle are set to continue their vast spending as they seek to climb the top-flight table. However, the Tyneside outfit’s new Saudi-backed regime have insisted they will not spend as much as the £80m January outlay.