Emma Raducanu has been urged to ‘embrace’ the pressure at this year’s Wimbledon by fellow star Cameron Norrie, with the British teenager set to feature as one of the tournament’s headline stars. Last year’s event at SW19 saw Raducanu burst onto the scene as a fresh-faced 18-year-old. Since then the Brit’s profile has sky-rocketed, as she made history when becoming US Open champion last September. Her form post-Grand Slam victory though has proved to be somewhat underwhelming compared to her title crowning, having won no more than two matches at an event since her Flushing Meadows victory eight months ago. There is no question that her US Open win has placed plenty of pressure on young shoulders, but fellow British star Norrie has encouraged Raducanu to embrace this when arriving at Wimbledon next month. Per Sky Sports, he said: “She has had a lot of attention after the US Open - I don't think it will be any easier around Wimbledon. "Hopefully she will go and embrace it. She knows exactly how much attention she will get. It will be even more. She needs to keep her head down, keep enjoying the tennis, I'm sure she is looking forward to the grass. I think it is one of her best surfaces as well. It will be a lot of fun." JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz gets standing ovation at French Open after shot of the year contender  Praising the youngster’s ability to cope with the pressure, he added: “At 19, I was doing different stuff than she is now. She is having to deal with a lot more pressurised situations and bigger moments than I was at the same age. I was in college enjoying myself and living a more normal life. “She is very mature, very well-spoken and hopefully she can let her tennis do the talking at Wimbledon. She played great there last year. Hopefully she can use the home crowd to her advantage - people will be loving her." DON'T MISSRafael Nadal's uncle speaks out after new pupil Felix Auger-Aliassime loses to SpaniardMurray shares Wimbledon dragon look as he learns first grass opponentFrench Open fans slammed for 'disrespectful' booing of Novak Djokovic Following her exit at the French Open last week, Raducanu’s ventures on clay are now over as she turns her attention to the grass season. As a result, the US Open champion is looking forward to returning home and playing in front of British fans. She said: “It's going to be really nice to go home and play on home turf, on the home grass.It is going to be a little bit strange in the beginning, because I have played on clay court for so long now, I feel like it's been weeks. "Like, going onto a grass court I'm probably going to be a bit shocked at first. But I'm really looking forward to playing in front of the fans at home, and just all the support. Last year I experienced a little taste of it, but I feel like this year might be a bit more. I'm just really looking forward to the atmosphere that's going to be around." 