Her decision to miss the Buckingham Palace crowd-pleasers is a further sign of the monarch's transfer of responsibilities. In her Platinum Jubilee year, the two-hour events which involve a lot of standing are considered to be too onerous for the 96-year-old monarch, who is becoming increasingly frail. Buckingham Palace said: "Her Majesty will be represented by other members of the Royal Family at this year's garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed." Her family are understood to have reassured her they are happy to step up after helping to take the strain of other duties including investitures. It will be the first time in three years the outdoor summer soirees have been held due to the pandemic. Poignantly, the Queen, who last attended a garden party in May 2019, is not expected to go to one again. It has always been part of her motto of being "seen to be believed". Around 8,000 guests are invited to gather each time at Buckingham Palace or Edinburgh's Palace of Holyroodhouse, in recognition of services to the nation. The most diverse collection of people can range from tattooed ambulance drivers to serving soldiers or foreign diplomats. Tea is taken on the palace lawns from 3pm and there is the chance to meet members of the Royal Family between 4pm and 6pm. This year's season starts at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday and continues on May 18 and May 25. One is set for Edinburgh on June 29. In addition, the annual garden party for The Not Forgotten Association, an Armed Forces charity, takes place at the Queen's London home on May 12, hosted by patron Princess Anne. Her Majesty's withdrawal from the parties will add to concerns about whether she can attend many functions marking her jubilee. The monarch, who is the first British sovereign to reign for 70 years, fought off Covid in February and celebrated her 96th birthday on April 21 with a week-long break at her Sandringham estate in Norfolk. She still does a remarkable amount of work, hosting regular audiences, both remotely and in person. She had her weekly audience with Prime Minister Boris Johnson at Windsor Castle on Wednesday and continues to spend several hours a day going through red boxes of official papers.   But the Queen has been forced to pull out of a series of public events since a night in hospital last October for unexplained reasons and has used a walking stick since a service for the centenary of the Royal British Legion at around the same time. Her last public appearance was at Westminster Abbey in March at the service of thanksgiving for her beloved late husband Prince Philip. The Queen is still due to attend the State Opening of Parliament next Tuesday, one of the most important constitutional roles, when she reads out the legislative programme of her Government. Her attendance will be confirmed on the day, with Prince Charles set to stand-in. The monarch has opened Parliament all but two occasions during her reign.