Princess Charlene and Prince Albert were recently reunited in Monaco after the Princess was being treated in hospital in South Africa for ear, nose and throat infections. During her recovery period in South Africa, the Princess missed her 10th wedding anniversary with Albert in July 2021. The couple recently attended the Sainte Devote Rugby Tournament on May 7, along with their twin children, Jacques and Gabriella.  What was their body language like? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to share her analysis. She said: “Charlene and Albert’s body language displays show huge fluctuations and conflicting moments. “These are sadly tending to cause concern from royal fans when it comes to their relationship.”  READ MORE: Princess Charlene finally opens up on ‘long, difficult and painful’ Albert briefly visited Charlene when she was recovering from her infection in South Africa. What was their body language like then? Judi claimed: “The photos they posted from Albert’s visit while she was in South Africa appeared to show two extremes. “In some poses, Charlene looked detached from Albert.  “But then in others, she was clinging to his neck and pressing their heads together in what looked like a display that was intended to signal love and closeness,” the expert claimed. What has their body language been like since Charlene returned to Monaco? Judi added: “Back in Monaco their poses have been less extreme but still full of complex hints and clues. “Their spatial distancing has been wide.  “But Charlene has clearly been keen to hug her children and to re-affirm those bonds after their long separation. “Her illness must have prompted enough worry for the couple to adopt a more ‘small steps’ approach to any non-verbal ‘announcements’. “So, this messaging of a return to royal life might be a wiser build-up than the couple trying to nail ongoing rumours by attempting a deliberate ‘togetherness’ pose that involves more tactile behaviour.” Now back home with her family, Charlene appreciates the love she has received from royal well-wishers.  "I'm very happy to be back home in Monaco and with my family," she remarked. "I received so many positive and warm messages when I was away from Monaco, and I thank them for their support." The couple tied the knot 11 years ago in 2011. They had met in 2000 but were officially seen dating in 2006. 