In the most recent outing of the Channel 4 show, the cast of Gogglebox shared their thoughts on the news-dominating interview between Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Prime Minister Boris Johnson earlier in the week. Many viewers of the BAFTA-winning show were not a fan of Giles Wood and Mary Killen's reaction as they watched the GMB interview, with some calling for the pair to be axed from the show. GMB host Reid met with PM Johnson at Number 10 Downing Street earlier this week to discuss everything from the ongoing war in Ukraine to the cost of living Crisis. The scene that caused an uproar with some Channel 4 spectators was when the Reality And Constructed Factual BAFTA show shared the clip of Reid informing Johnson about the story of pensioner Elsie. 77-year-old Elsie had cut down her meals to one a day and spends the majority of her day on the bus to avoid using her heating and electricity at home, all due to the hike in the cost of bills. Gogglebox veteran Mary said in reply to the video: "I'm very sorry for Elsie, but Susanna is making out it is Boris's fault, and Boris doesn't care." Read More: 'I should have complained’ Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation Her husband Giles replied: "Whose fault is it?" to which Mary added: "The global situation." Her comments whipped many fans into a frenzy with the show's loyal Twitter following. @Ms_Me_12 said: "Watching #Gogglebox on catch up and I am shocked at Mary's excuses for our DISGUSTING POLITICIANS. "That attitude is why we are where we are. If he was innicent, he woukdve held his hands up instead of going on TV to talk about it, before being caught out. #ComeOnNow." (sic) @overdressjen added: "Oh no … I am going off Mary #Gogglebox ." @poolq1984 commented: "Used to love Giles and Mary on #Gogglebox now they're just boring, moany Tories." @MackRanks wanted the pair gone and tweeted: "Mary and Giles....Get rid #Gogglebox," a statement @HellyB3 agreed with as she chimed in: "#Gogglebox get rid of Mary." Now on its 19th season, some fans pointed out that it was just a TV show and that people should lay off the controversial pair. DON’T MISS…Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as The Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in nail-biting round [LATEST]Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married?[LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST] Defending the pair, viewer @MarieLomas2 said: "#Gogglebox I don't understand why people are getting so worked up about Giles and Mary. "It's light entertainment, it's not meant to be a documentary. I find them quite amusing. And by the way, they also have feelings and can read." Forza Stanley added: "The fact that people are getting so annoyed at the fact Giles and Mary have an opinion about something is mind-boggling. "Are we not allowed one now? Are we 'tory scum' if people don't have the same one? Just agree or disagree, don't get so offended, jesus!!! #Gogglebox." (sic) Johnson has come under fire for his interview. After recounting the story of Elsie, Reid asked: "What should Elsie cut back on?" to which the PM replied: "I don't want Elsie to cut back on anything." Before going into more detail about individual cases, he added: "Just to remind you, the 24-hour freedom bus pass was something that I actually introduced." The presenter questioned if  "Elsie should be grateful" to for her bus New episodes of Gogglebox air on Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. 