Cleaning the home can be overwhelming, especially with there being so many different products on the market for each room of the home. Astonish’s new green paste, called The Good One, can be used on both gentle and stubborn tasks, making it a great all-rounder product. I love using products with multi-uses as it means they are less likely to go to waste. From tough rusts and burnt-on food residues to delicate trainers, glass and tiles, the green cleaning paste is a new favourite in my cleaning cupboard. To put it to the test, I decided to clean oven trays and the bottom of one of my saucepans. After adding a small amount of the paste along with some water, I began scrubbing my roasting tin in circular motions. The first thing I noticed was its lovely minty smell, which is unusual for a cleaning product. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ It was so refreshing using a product which actually smelt nice, instead of like chemicals. Although it needed a little bit of elbow grease, the paste lifted the stains on my tin. I was so surprised to see the results, the roasting tin looked completely different. After looking at its different uses on the tin, I also decided to clean the bottom of one of my saucepans. DON'T MISS:‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [EXPERT]Interior design: ‘Key’ to a ‘cosy’ and ‘relaxing’ home [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells [EXPLAINER] Over time, the bottom of my pan had become burnt and looked really old. However, after using the paste, again in circular motions, the burnt marks completely disappeared. Both cleaning jobs took around 10 minutes each. I did find I needed to keep adding more of the product onto the saucepan and baking tray to make it effective, meaning I don’t think the paste would last me very long if I was using it to clean other areas of the home. However, the product claims you only need a very small amount. The cleaning paste is made from 100 percent naturally derived ingredients and has been certified by the Vegan Society and Cruelty Free International. It is also safe to use around pets and the packaging is recyclable. Howard Moss, CEO at Astonish, said: “We’re delighted to announce our latest product ‘The Good One’ and can’t wait to see the difference it makes to people’s lives. “Our experienced team has worked tirelessly to create a product that delivers high-performance results, whilst also being kind to the environment. “We hope this makes shoppers stop and think it’s all about making the right choice for themselves, their homes and the planet all in one go.” Care is needed when using the product on delicate or polished surfaces as it is abrasive. It shouldn’t be used on plastics, non-stick coatings or cracked enamel. If unsure, it is recommended to check compatibility on a small area first. The cleaning paste can be purchased for as little as £2.49.