Manchester City have been told to back manager Pep Guardiola and sign Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips this summer. The England international will be well sought after this summer, especially if Leeds are relegated on the final day of the season. Express Sport understands that Guardiola has targeted Phillips as a possible replacement for Fernandinho, and the midfielder would struggle to turn down the chance to work under the Spanish manager. Former Chelsea goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer was asked on Sky Sports whether Phillips would be a good fit at Man City. The Australian stopper replied: "Yeah 100 per cent, I think it’s a logical player linked. It’s the sort of player Manchester City would want to go for. He’s British, he is an up and coming talent and he has proven himself at international level. "I thought he had a fantastic Euros, this season obviously has been hampered a little bit by injury but I think he would be a player that would easily fit in with Manchester City." Rivals Manchester United have also been linked with Phillips, but the England midfielder would be much more open to moving to the Etihad instead of Old Trafford. Manchester City will be on the lookout for a new holding midfielder this summer, with captain Fernandinho set to leave the club at the end of the season. Fernandinho is set to leave England in search of regular football. When asked if he wants to leave the Etihad Stadium to play more, he said: "Yes, I want to play. I want to play regularly. I will go back to Brazil. I decided with my family, which is the most important for me." The Brazilian, who has made 382 appearances for Manchester City, will be hoping to claim his fifth Premier League title on Sunday in his final appearance for the club. Phillips is set to leave Elland Road at the end of the season should Leeds get relegated, while both Aston Villa and West Ham have previously had bids of up to £55million turned down for the 26-year-old. Leeds will get relegated if they lose away to Brentford on the final day of the season, as they currently sit in 18th place, level on points with Burnley ahead of them but do hold a significantly inferior goal difference. Phillips could join the Premier League champions next season, who will hope to retain their title with a win at home to Aston Villa on Sunday. Guardiola’s side are one point ahead of second-placed Liverpool, who need Steven Gerrard’s Villa to do them a favour and claim victory over Wolves to usurp Manchester City.