Prince Harry, being a second-born child, was given the nickname "the spare" in his childhood. This nickname was also used for various other members of the Royal Family, such as Prince Andrew and Princess Margaret. It has been suggested that although he was dubbed "the spare", Harry has "succeeded where other spares failed". On the latest episode of the Vanity Fair's podcast Dynasty, hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof discussed Prince Harry's royal status. Speaking on the podcast about Harry's life so far, Ms Nicholl said: "Prince Harry has everything a great story needs. "He falls through the cracks, he comes back stronger, he falls in love, then he falls out with his family and those who are closest to him". Ms Vanderhoof described his life as "practically a classical hero's journey". She added: "But, the thing is, in the Royal Family, he's not the protagonist and really he's not supposed to be the main character. "From the beginning, he's been pushed to the side". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry tipped for 'second Oprah interview' to do 'major damage control' Ms Nicholl said: "From the moment he was born, he was referred to as the spare. "Historically, every heir in the Royal Family needs a spare. "But Harry's been much more than just that, and he's succeeded where other spares failed in the past before him. Ms Nicholl continued: "I think that is because he's made a real success of his role, taking a central place in the spotlight and in the hearts of the public for most of his life". Speaking on the latest episode of Dynasty, royal expert Omid Scobie said: "One of the reasons that people are so fond of him [Harry] is because everyone, at some point in their life, has been able to see themselves as a Prince Harry. READ MORE: Prince Harry struggled with 'damaging' label since childhood 'Diana tried to shield him' "Whether it's during his wild party days, or during the days when people were, sort of, waiting for him to find that purpose and even he didn't know what he wanted to do. "I think everyone, in their life at some point, has not known what they want to do next". Prince Harry served in the Army for ten years. He resigned in 2015 and took up royal duties full-time. DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] Following his departure from the army, the Duke struggled to adjust to being a full-time royal. Speaking recently to Lorraine, Tina Brown, author of The Palace Papers, said: "When he [Harry] came out [of the army], he felt, sort of, route-less, he felt a bit lost". Since early 2020, Harry has no longer been a working senior royal and resides in the US with his wife Meghan and their two children, Archie and Lilibet.