Tom Pelphrey was regarded as one of the best new additions to the popular Netflix crime drama when he joined the cast in season three. Alongside series leads Jason Bateman and Laura Linney, the TV star helped catapult Ozark to worldwide acclaim ahead of its stirring final season, and the Emmy-winning star has now paid tribute to the man who originally inspired his love of acting. Ozark star Tom stopped his appearance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon short to give a heartfelt thank you to his high school teacher. The American TV regular landed his breakout role in Guiding Light and has since appeared in popular series such as The Good Wife, Law and Order, Blue Bloods and Marvel’s Iron Fist. His most iconic role to date began with his devastating and nuanced portrayal of Ben Davis, Wendy Byrde’s (Linney) brother with bipolar disorder, in the third season of Ozark. However, Tom’s successful career may not have happened were it not for his teacher igniting his love of acting as a teenager. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage “When I was 14-years-old in high school I had a teacher named Steve Kasakoff, and I guess he really changed my life,” he recalled. “He was a man that introduced me to acting and gave me my first exposure to the whole thing. And he did it with love and passion. “He taught me discipline. I’m gonna get emotional…” Tom began to choke up and hold back his tears as he continued to explain just how important Steve was at the very start of his acting journey. “He gave me a work ethic, '' he continued. “I wouldn’t be here or have the life I have now without him. I’m so grateful for that.” The Ozark star concluded by paying tribute to all teachers who manage to inspire a passion for learning across schools worldwide. “And I’m so grateful for all the people and the teachers and the adults who take time to show an interest in kids, and turn their lights on,” he added. He smiled at Jimmy and finished off by wishing viewers a happy Teacher Appreciation Week, which falls in the first week of May in the United States. DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie crew details emotional final scenes [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [VIDEO]Cobra Kai season 5 theory: Tori and Danny join forces [THEORY] Tom also told Jimmy about getting his start as Jonathan Randall in the long-running soap Guiding Light, in which he starred in 154 episodes. He explained: “I started on Guiding Light out of college, you know? So, I went to theatre school and I’m learning my theatre acting, my big outdoor acting I now call it. “But you go on television… and I had never been in front of a camera before so it was like, what are you supposed to do? And people say you do less, or you do nothing. “So now I’m on camera and I’m like, ‘I’m not going to do anything’, you know?” Tom went on to recall the challenges of filming an episode of the soap each day, which would then air on television just a month later. Thankfully, his hard work paid off, and he was able to pick up two Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for his performance as Jonathan. Ozark fans have since been campaigning for an Emmy for Tom’s performance as Ben, which sadly hasn’t come to fruition. However, he’ll have plenty of opportunities for accolades in the future, including his role opposite Josh Brolin in Outer Range, and with Elizabeth Olsen in the upcoming HBO miniseries Love and Death. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.