The screenwriter of the heartbreaking Covid drama ‘Help’ has called for criminal charges to be levelled against the pandemic government. Jack Thorne argued politicians involved in coronavirus care home policy should face manslaughter charges for the excess deaths of vulnerable residents. The screenwriter said “we spent a lot of time talking to people who were on the ground, who were dealing with it, and it was horrific," while researching for his project, Help.    Speaking on BBC Question Time, Mr Thorne said: “When you’re talking to people that are crying, that's always difficult, but they were crying because they felt they were responsible. He described the heart-wrenching personal stories of pandemic loss he encountered as he worked on the film. The screenwriter said: “There was one woman who just kept saying ‘I let my gentleman down. "The reason why they felt that is because they had been isolated.” Mr Thorne launched a tirade against pandemic policy: “It's not just about the fact that this illegal putting people into care homes from the hospital - it's atrocious - should never have happened, it's also about the lack of PPE, they had nothing - it’s also about the restrictions on tests, they were restricted to five tests which meant it was really really difficult to isolate care users.”    Question Time host Fiona Bruce interjected to clarify the claims of the screenwriter. Ms Bruce said: “What do you mean they were restricted to five tests? Per care home?” The writer explained: “Yes, yes, yes. They were restricted on the amount of tests they had per care home and that meant they weren’t able to test properly. “We just heard so many stories - there’s stories actually worse than we could use on the programme, stories we were told that we weren’t legally allowed to use on the programme, of horrendous practice. Read more: Vulnerable people must not be isolated, says Sajid Javid   “Yes, there should be manslaughter charges, “If you look at the excess death, the World Health Organisation came out with their excess death today, particularly in that first lockdown, the excess deaths in care homes, that was unlike any other country." Mr Thorne added: “That is something where we personally, as a country, let an awful lot of very vulnerable people down and let them die. “When this inquiry happens, and it's long overdue, heads should roll, serious heads should roll. Don't miss:Matt Hancock denies responsibility for care homes deaths during Covid  [REVEAL]Woman arrested as six care home residents in hospital after huge fire [REPORT]Returning patients to care homes during Covid ruled 'unlawful' [INSIGHT] The harsh demands of the screenwriter were met with intense rounds of applause from the Question Time audience. Government data detailed a 19.5 percent increase in the deaths of care home residents in England and Wales since the outbreak of the pandemic. A Government report confirmed that “deaths of care home residents involving COVID-19 increased sharply in wave one.” The same report detailed some 27,079 excess deaths of care home residents in wave one of the coronavirus pandemic.   