Newcastle United could snub Matt Targett for Atletico Madrid's Renan Lodi in their search for a permanent left-back signing this summer. Eddie Howe is aiming to address the position ahead of his first full season as manager at St. James' Park and is keen to recruit more Champions League-level quality. Newcastle are readying negotiations to lure Lodi to Tyneside, with the 24-year-old tempted to join former Atletico teammate Kieran Trippier at the club, Mirror Sport report. However, the Magpies are understood to face competition from European heavyweights Juventus and stand before another internal dilemma. Howe recruited Targett on a short loan from Aston Villa as he desperately attempted to bolster his ranks and guide his side away from relegation danger in January. And Newcastle have a £15million option to sign the 26-year-old on a permanent basis, should they wish to. But Howe hasn't yet sanctioned the deal and is keeping his options open in the club's first summer transfer window under Saudi-backed ownership. If Lodi shows signs of encouragement over a potential deal, the chance to acquire more talent from Europe's elite competition would be too enticing to ignore. JUST IN: Liverpool's four alternatives if Tchouameni snubs Reds for Real Madrid Lodi marauded the opposite flank to Trippier to help Atletico win La Liga last season and was ever-present in Diego Simeone's side's run to the Champions League quarter-finals this term. He especially caught the eye with dominant displays in both last-16 legs against Manchester United, netting the decisive goal to dump the Red Devils out at Old Trafford. But Targett has largely impressed at St. James' and last week admitted it would be 'brilliant' to make his stay permanent. And despite monitoring other candidates, the feeling appears to be mutual, with Howe labelling the Englishman 'exceptional'. READ MORE: Man Utd star Ronaldo's comments backfire after Crystal Palace defeat But with Jamal Lewis returning from a groin injury in time for the 2022-23 campaign, it will likely be a case of one or the other. Lodi would potentially cost double the £15m needed to switch Targett's loan contract into a permanent one, but his talent and potential is undeniable. The Brazilian would be the latest high-profile signing since Newcastle were bought by a Saudi-backed consortium last year. Trippier and Bruno Guimaraes' winter arrivals were significant statements confirming the Magpies mean business in their new, post-Mike Ashley era. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.