US President Joe Biden has decided not to supply Ukraine with long-range rockets that can hit Russia from Ukraine bases in a bid to ease tensions with Putin’s Russia as Ukrainian forces appear to be losing ground in the eastern Donbas region. To former US commander in Europe, General Ben Hodges, President Biden’s strategy is "misguided" as it will not do much to limit provocation with Putin. Speaking to TalkTV, General Hodges said: "I think the reason is the administration is unfortunately concerned that Ukrainians would do exactly what I would do, which would be launching into Russia to hit storage depots or marshalling sites, and railheads. "And I think this is a, unfortunately, a misguided effort to try and limit the provocation of Russia, which I think is, yeah, misguided. "The rocket launching system is still going to come. "But what they’re not going to send is a particular, one of the rockets that can be launched from this, what we call ‘Atacums’ which is another famous acronym which has a range of like 300 kilometers. "So, we’re not going to provide that, unfortunately." Talk TV’s Jeremy Kyle jumped in, noting: "Isn’t that interesting the US don’t want to give the Ukrainians missiles that they could launch to sites that they provide the military hardware, they kill innocent people because that might be seen as aggressive. "And yet, Vladimir Putin marches into a sovereign nation with his army and blows people up in the millions. "It’s frightening, isn’t it?" General Hodges responded: "That’s what I mean. READ MORE: Putin’s ‘carefully curated’ nuclear weapon propaganda torn apart "I think it’s misguided. At least they’re going to provide the launchers. "And they’re still going to have rockets with a range of about 70 kilometres so this will still be a significant help. "But we keep hampering in our effort with these kinds of restrictions, which I think, are unnecessary." On how the conflict is likely to evolve in the short-run, General Hodges said: "The next three weeks, I think, are going to be really really difficult for Ukrainians because all of this stuff that the US and the UK are providing is just now beginning to arrive." DON'T MISS: Joe Biden approval rating: US President slumps in polls again [REPORT]Kim Jong-un was warned of 'date with death' over missile launches [REPORT]Biden given ‘gargantuan stack of red tape’ [REPORT] "And the effect beginning to be felt", Mr Hodges continued. "So, in the next two or three weeks, the Russians are going to continue to entrench, to use their rockets and artillery. "That’s going to be over by the end of June, I believe, early July. "And you’re going to see a complete changing of the tide."