With inflation predicted to reach record highs by the end of the year, Britons are urged to consider ways they may be able to save some extra cash whilst also getting on with their day to day lives. People may be able to save over £200 by giving items they don’t need to other families whilst also preventing thousands of items from going to landfill. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Jason Ash, co-founder of circular economy app, YoungPlanet about how giving away unwanted clothes and being able to receive items for free could be a lifeline for many. He said: “The cost of living crisis means having to choose between buying food or turning the heating on - a choice no family should have to face. “By helping parents cut their costs and reduce the environmental impact of their waste, we’re building a community of environmentally and financially conscious sharers. “Our users save an average of £265 a year through the app and we have helped British households save over £1million on parenting and children’s items. READ MORE: Energy bills rebate loophole means second home owners can get £400 grant 'multiple times' He explained that his main focus is to help families reduce their waste and become more environmentally conscious. But it also helps parents receive high-quality things for their children at no extra cost, which can be of huge help at the moment. The top 10 percent of YoungPlanet users have saved £1,672 each, with Sarah, 29, being able to have saved £2,000. She explained that it has been a “great help”. An alternative way people can make money is to use market places such as eBay or Facebook and sell their unwanted items. In a survey, eBayUK found that 77 percent of adults had already started or were looking into selling items from around their house to supplement their income. The found that the average household has over £1,000 of unused gadgets, clothes, jewellery. Britons are encouraged to look through their belongings to see if there are items they would consider selling to make some extra cash. Estimates by eBay UK suggest the average home could be making £528 reselling unused and unloved tech items such as smart phones or laptops. Having a clear out of clothes and cupboard items such as cookware would make the average Briton another £1,106. Emma Grant, head of pre-loved at eBay UK said: “We know people around the UK are concerned with the rising cost of living. "While selling unwanted items might not be the solution to your problems at large, it can be an effective way to save extra cash to go towards bills or contribute to your savings for a holiday this summer. “The added bonus is that selling your unwanted items might help someone else find something they have been looking for, but without the hefty price tag. A win for you, someone else, and the planet a like.”