As the cost of living crisis continues and inflation sits at seven percent, many may be wondering how to make sure their money works as hard as possible when in the bank despite the low interest. Mike Barrow, financial coach at Claro Money spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on the common mistakes that Britons make when trying to save in hopes of helping people avoid them. He said: “One of the most common mistakes people make when saving is squirreling away their savings into cash ISAs in fear of being taxed if they don’t. “Whilst there is nothing innately wrong with this, there is often simply no need.” He explained that all UK taxpayers have what is known as a Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). The PSA allows people to earn interest on their savings of up to £1,000 per year as a basic rate taxpayer (£500 for higher rate taxpayers) without any tax liability. When considering that ISAs will often pay a much lower interest rate than that of standard easy-access savings account, people may be missing out on higher savings income for no practical reason. READ MORE: 'You inspire me' - Boss gives 'amazing' employee £8,000 in emotional moment “For example, notice savings accounts usually offer slightly higher interest rates in return for having a certain notice period on withdrawal before receiving your money. “If you’re looking to save a lump sum or essentially lock away your money for a certain period of time, fixed rate savings accounts are a good choice, which usually offer a comparably higher interest rate in return. “Regular savings accounts are best for those who are saving a consistent amount each month.” Another common mistake people make is that they try and save too much of their money, despite interest rates being low. Mr Barrow said: “The second most common mistake is attempting to save too much. This may sound counterintuitive but, people (especially inexperienced savers) often have trouble saving consistently as their targets are too ambitious to start with. “While it may seem like a great idea to save as much as you possible can, if this does not leave you with enough left over for a good quality of life, you’ll be far less motivated to save for the long-term and eventually you may feel so frustrated that you stop saving altogether. “The same phenomenon can be seen within the health and fitness industry, with overly restrictive diets leading people to eventually fall off the bandwagon and give up entirely. “This leads to the infamous yo-yo diet mentality. Well, the same can be said for yo-yo saving; stashing away an overly ambitious amount at the start of the month, just to have to start taking it back again to survive before the next pay day. “This can be extremely disheartening and is one of the reasons people can develop a misguided self-identity that they are simply ‘bad with money’ when in fact, they’re not, they perhaps just need to be more realistic and begin with a slightly lower monthly savings target.” He suggested that Britons should start by saving a lower amount each month and get some “consistent wins under your belt” by seeing that one’s savings are still there by the end of the month and then. Mr Barrow added: "If possible, look to increase this amount over time. You’ll feel so confident and motivated from seeing your savings steadily build that you’ll develop lasting behavioural changes and a smart money mindset. “This snowball effect is a great way for people to reframe their belief in their own money management for the better.”