Brexit has resulted in many changes for Britons since it came into force at the beginning of 2021. Holidays to EU countries have been impacted, with British citizens now having to pay extra to travel to Europe. From next year, UK passport holders travelling from Britain will have to pay to get a visa through the European Travel Information and Authorisation System. This new visa system is being introduced in 2023 following the UK’s decision to go through with Brexit. This means Britons will have to pay to enter 27 countries, all of which are in the EU. To acquire a visa, British holidaymakers will need to have it issued through the European Travel Information and Authorisation System if they’re travelling for less than 90 days during an 180 day period. READ MORE: TUI holiday travel warning as it cancels all holidays to Sri Lanka This applies to anyone travelling to any EU country by plane, boat, or car. The visa must be applied for 96 hours before departing on a trip, and will cost €7, or £5. Travellers younger than 18 years old and older than 70 will be the only ones not required to get one. Applicants will be asked for information about their identity, passport, education, job, recent travel, and criminal convictions. DON'T MISS: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [REVEALED]Why you should 'check your passport' if it was issued before 2018 [EXPLAINER]Seven foot SHARK spotted swimming near beach off Ibiza coast [PICTURES] The visa will last for three years, but expires when a person’s passport expires. The new rule was meant o be implemented this year, but it was delayed due to the European Union Entry and Exit System, which was not ready to be launched at the time. This will be introduced later this year. Currently, Britons entering the EU must get their passports stamped by border control officers, but the new visa will replace this. Next year, Britons will get their visa scanned instead of their passports stamped. The new digital system will also check a person’s name, biometric date, and the date and place of entry and exit. Entry to the US has also changed for Britons – from this week. Yesterday, May 26, the cost of an Electronic System for Travel Authorisation will increase from $14, or £11, to $21, or £17. This document is the visa most Britons use to enter the US. Those who are expected to travel to the country in the next 24 months should apply for the visa today. It lasts two years and is mandatory for UK passport holders who are travelling under the Visa Waiver Program. The new visa rule is not the only travel regulation that has changed for Britons post-Brexit. Under new requirements, Britons must have a specific length of time left on their passport in order for it to be classed as valid for travel. The Government stated on its website: “How much time you need on your passport depends on the country you’re visiting. “You may need to renew your British passport before you travel if there’s not enough time left on it.” According to the Travel page of the European Union’s Your Europe site: “If you are a non-EU national wishing to visit or travel within the EU, you will need a passport: valid for at least three months after the date you intend to leave the EU country you are visiting, which was issued within the previous 10 years.” This means a passport issued by non-member states hoping to visit the Schengen Area must have been issued in the past 10 years. If your passport doesn’t meet these rules, you need to apply for a new passport before travelling to the countries affected. Schengen Area signifies the zone of 26 EU countries which have abolished their internal borders and allow free, unrestricted movement.