Manchester United could be pushed to sign Raphinha by Bruno Fernandes, who 'misses' his former team-mate. The pair played together at Sporting Lisbon, and have since gone on to become Premier League stars. Leeds United could be raided for their Brazilian star after Fernandes admitted that he missed playing with the winger who he shared 'chemistry' with. Leeds survived Premier League relegation on the final day of the season, as their late win against Brentford secured their top-flight status, as Burnley went down after losing to Newcastle. Raphinha was a crucial part of their squad again this season, and the Brazilian continues to be linked with a move away. Some of Europe's top clubs may have been hoping for a Leeds relegation so that they could snap up Raphinha for a bargain price. But their survival has made things more difficult, although it may actually help United.  Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Barcelona have been linked with Raphinha for some time, but Leeds' survival means that they have set his price-tag at £40million, according to some outlets. That's opened the door for United who have reportedly joined the race, and Fernandes has only heightened rumours with his recent admission. "I miss Raphinha," Fernandes is quoted as saying by The Sun. "He is a player with whom I had a different chemistry from the others, he understood me at a glance." DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag   And the pair are still close friends, as Raphinha revealed earlier this month. The winger's performances have earned him a Brazil call-up for the very first time, and the Leeds star revealed that Fernandes was quick to congratulate him. "Bruno congratulated me a lot," Raphinha said. "He told me that I deserved it so much, that I had been deserving of it for a while. This happens with friends who talk a lot, more intimacy like that, more jokes.  "But he praised me a lot, congratulated me. He said he wasn’t surprised at all by what was happening and what would happen." And now United are set to rival Barcelona with a Raphinha bid, according to transfer expert Gianluigi Longari. According to Longari, Leeds have rejected Barcelona's first offer for Raphinha, and now United could hijack a deal. Barcelona are still suffering financially, and United could swoop in if Erik ten Hag approves.  United are in need of a new attacker, as well as a new midfielder. And if Ten Hag decides to allow Anthony Martial to leave the club, he may want to source a new wide player as well. There aren't many more exciting wide players than Raphinha, who has really dazzled at Leeds despite the club suffering from a poor season. But their survival is set to earn them a lot more money, should they decide to sell this summer. 