Currently, the RAC Foundation shows average petrol prices to stand at 166.65p per litre, compared to diesel which will cost drivers far more on average at 180.29p. This comes as eight in 10 drivers are worried about higher petrol and diesel prices at the pumps. Almost one third of motorists think they will need to take on additional debt to afford to keep driving and stay on the road. Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuelUK and Secretary to the FairFuel All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG), commented on the issues faced by drivers and what needs to be done to protect them. “It nauseates millions, that in a time of national financial uncertainty, super rich corporations care so little for their customers' ever-deepening plight. “From 2020 the cash grabbing fuel supply chain has benefited, not through any great business acumen but from a huge and fortunate global hike in oil prices to swell their already fat profits. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles “Yet unjustly, even immorally, in the same period they have deliberately doubled what they customarily take at the pumps. “Had our long called-for pricing watchdog PumpWatch been in place, diesel and petrol prices would be at least 10p per litre less and our hard fought 5p cut in duty may even have been passed onto hard pressed motorists too. “Punishing company success is wrong, but implementing a windfall tax on greedy opportunism is right.” Since 2016, average yearly petrol pence per litre profits are up by a staggering 126 percent, with diesel profits also up 99 percent. DON'T MISSParking nightmare as ‘every single car’ on street is ticketed [SHOCKING]Road pricing is 'inevitable' before 2030 petrol and diesel car ban [WARNING]Drivers warned to expect 'havoc' with 133,000 UK roads to close [BANK HOLIDAY] In addition, the annual cost of running a petrol-fuelled car has risen by £313 year-on-year to almost £2,000. Robert Halfon MP, Vice Chair of the FairFuel APPG targeted oil companies for not cutting costs to protect Britain’s motorists. He said: "Oil barons are the new oligarchs raking in billions of profits and multi-millions for salaries for oil company CEOs. “Meanwhile hard-pressed motorists are being fleeced at the pumps. “Margaret Thatcher was right in the 1980s to do it. “I hope the Government considers it to address the unfairness but also to provide millions of families with a tax cut or rebates on their energy bills.” Another MP, Craig Mackinlay, pointed to new data which shows that oil companies and retailers are earning between 8p and 10p more per litre. This means per average tank, they are making about £6 more than they were just four years ago. He continued, saying: “I’d recommend they implement an immediate 10p per litre cut in pump prices for both petrol and diesel which will revert forecourt profits to their long-term average. “I don’t agree with windfall taxes, but I do support fair play. “These companies are now taking consumers for a ride and must now do the decent thing in the face of an emerging cost of living crisis.” According to comparethemarket.com, 40 percent of drivers say they don't earn enough to cover the higher fuel costs, and this figure increases to 55 percent for those aged between 25 and 34. To help mitigate rising driving costs, 49 percent of motorists are making fewer journeys, and 31 percent are using less fuel.