Stacey Solomon, 32, is said to be battling anxiety with mere weeks to go before her wedding to Joe Swash. The lovebirds began dating in 2016 and are set to exchange their vows on July 25. Joe accidentally revealed the date on Loose Women, where Stacey is a panellist. Stacey has opened up about dealing with anxiety in the past and suffering from crippling panic attacks. Planning the wedding seems to be a cause of stress for Stacey, as friends are concerned that she is panicking over even minor details relating to the couple’s upcoming nuptials. Last week, the Loose Women star wore a 1920s-style pearl-encrusted wedding dress to the BAFTAs, which sparked public interest in their wedding. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast Fans even thought they might have already had a secret wedding and were revealing the news, but this was not the case. A source said: “Stacey’s been so excited to tie the knot, but as the date draws closer and the last-minute prep piles up – as well as public interest gathering pace – it’s made her quite anxious. “She’s started to panic about everything, from her guest list to her dress and the fans’ reaction to it – which is what prompted her BAFTA bridal look.” “She felt wearing a white dress would take the attention off her actual wedding gown and in turn relieve some of the pressure she feels about getting it right." “That didn't quite go to plan though and she feels there's even more interest in it now,” according to Closer. Before the couple attended the BAFTAs, Stacey took to social media to share a photo of the two of them dressed glamorously. Stacey captioned the images with a sweet message. She said: “Here we go…Off to the Baftas with my best friend. Couldn’t do any of it without you. DON'T MISS: Jane Fonda, 84, stunned by longevity [LATEST]Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode' [NEWS] Johnny Depp's ex testifies he was 'jealous' and threw wine bottle [UPDATE] “Never felt so nervous & proud… No matter what I’m so grateful to even have been nominated. “Never ever, ever did I think I’d be saying that. “Thank you all for your constant kindness and support. “To the moon and back. “Happy Sunday everyone. Lots of love from your bafta nominated neat freak.” Adding black heart emojis, Stacey thanked her “best friend” Joe. Something that helps Stacey feel calmer is her keen interest in organising. Writing in her column for The Sun, Stacey said: “I think that exercise, cooking, crafting, all of these things are just different forms of meditation. "Now I recognise a pattern, and have been able to see my triggers. “Before bed I try and read the most brain-hurty, intelligent book I can. "One that’s so hard to read no other thoughts can creep into my mind. “After 10 pages I’m usually exhausted and fall asleep.” Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Stacey Solomon for comment. 