Neymar has reportedly been offered to Barcelona this summer. With PSG breaking the bank to keep Kylian Mbappe, it appears the Ligue 1 titans are eager to balance their finances. And, now, a stunning return to La Liga for their Samba star could be on the cards. Neymar has been at PSG ever since the summer transfer window of 2017, when he chose to leave Barcelona behind. Fed up at playing in the shadow of Lionel Messi, the Brazil international opted to jump ship to the Parc des Princes in a world-record deal worth close to £200million. Now, however, there’s talk of a potential return. With PSG spending big in order to tie down Mbappe, who had been expected to join Real Madrid, it’s been claimed PSG have offered Barcelona the chance to re-sign Neymar. While the La Liga giants don’t intend on doing that right now, it’s certainly a saga that could roll on and on. Back in 2019, Neymar was extremely keen on going back to Barcelona. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, in February this year, he admitted he tried ‘everything’ in order to seal a stunning Nou Camp return. “I tried to return to Barca,” he told Brazil icon Ronaldo on the Fenomenos podcast. “We tried everything, but it wasn't possible.” At the time, Barcelona had already spent big on landing Antoine Griezmann for Atletico Madrid. And despite Messi calling on his team to bring Neymar back, the Argentina international didn’t get his way. Neymar released a documentary earlier this year and, in January, spoke about his failed return to Barcelona three years ago. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he also made it clear that he feels he’s better off staying at PSG, insisting he’s ‘very grateful’ he was able to stay in France. “When I made the decision to leave PSG, it wasn't because of a fan or a club,” he said on his Netflix documentary. “It's because I saw that I felt better elsewhere. “I never did anything against the PSG fans, nor against the club itself. It was never that. “It's the opposite. I am very grateful, we are on the same side, we defend the same shirt. I am here to help.” After Neymar’s failed move back to Barcelona, Messi actually spoke out on the subject. And he admitted he’d hoped to reunite with his close friend, who he now plays with over in France. “I don’t know what happened with the directors, I know they were speaking with Neymar, he told me how things were going,” said Messi in 2019. “He was really looking forward to coming back. “I understand it’s difficult to negotiate with PSG and with Neymar because he’s one of the best. These negotiations are never easy.” Meanwhile, Mbappe will now be staying at PSG for the next three years. And he explained his decision to stay and turn down Real Madrid by saying: "I would like to announce that I have chosen to extend my contract at Paris Saint-Germain, and of course I am delighted. "I am convinced that here I can continue to grow at a club that provides everything necessary to perform at the highest level. "I am also delighted to continue to play in France, the country where I was born, where I have grown up and where I have made my name. "I would like to thank the president, Nasser Al-Khelaifi, for his trust, his understanding and his patience. "I would also like to thank all the fans of Paris Saint-Germain, both in France and around the world, for their support, especially in recent months. "Together, side by side and ambitious, we will make magic in Paris.”