The comments come as a 34-year-old British man died when he fell from a 7th-floor balcony in Magaluf and a 31-year-old Dutchman died after jumping from the highest point of the Malgrats Islands. Tourism bosses are worried the holiday hotspots will become associated with risky behaviours and tourist deaths. The British man was reportedly engaged in the dangerous activity known as “balconing”, which involves moving between balconies on the outside of a building. Psychiatrist Miguel Lazaro said the deaths pointed to a culture of excess and exhibition surrounding tourists while on holiday. An investigation into the death of the British man found that drugs and alcohol were likely consumed, while the Dutchman was likely influenced by an exhibitionist desire to film a video for social media. Dr Lazaro said: "All behaviours, even the most irrational, have an explanation.” "The frontal lobe of the brain, where judgement resides, seems to be on vacation and it seems that the decision is made by the limbic system of the brain, which manages sensations and emotions. “In a situation like this, the frontal lobe, which is the one that slows me down, doesn't act, while the limbic system is at full throttle."  Speaking to Diario de Mallorca, he added: “There is a risk that Mallorca becomes associated with these acts, that it spreads to other tourists who associate vacations with these sensations." Javier Alarcon, a forensics expert, largely agreed with Dr Lazaro and said that incidents like these were becoming all too common. He said: "It is not an uncommon behaviour, we want to get people's appreciation. The problem arises when we are willing to put ourselves at risk to get this acceptance. "The Internet is full of images of people dying doing these extreme videos, it's the easy path to popularity."  READ MORE: Adorable way Princess Charlotte keeps in touch with cousins in USA According to a study, British tourists are particularly prone to dangerous acts like “balconing”, specifically young men. This led the UK Ambassador to Spain, Hugh Elliot, to plead with tourists not to engage in the dangerous acts. He said "people killing themselves" didn't send a good image and told holidaymakers to enjoy but “don’t hurt yourselves”. An awareness campaign against the dangerous acts, which tells tourists to “Stay with your friends”, is seen by the British and Balearic Governments as a preventative measure to dissuade travellers from engaging in “balconing” or cliff-jumping. However, Manager of the Ibizan Hotel Federation, Manuel Sendino, believes that the campaigns give the impression that Ibiza and the other Balearic Islands are not safe holiday destinations. DON'T MISS:Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip [REVEAL]Pensioner 1.25% National Insurance levy may be hiked to 13.25% [INSIGHT]The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ [REPORT]  Speaking to ABC.es, he said: “These behaviours are a public health problem that has to be addressed in the place of origin, in the UK, not in Ibiza.” In 2020, the Balearic Government approved a decree against binge tourism which saw limits put in place on the amount of alcohol resorts could serve, including a limit on the number of all inclusive drinks - a fact many British tourists realised this year once international travel opened up following the worst of the pandemic. The regulations also prohibit 2 for 1 drinks advertising, happy hours and pub crawling as well as the practice of “balconing” itself. The regulation says: "Dangerous practices for the life, health and physical integrity of customers…such as moving from one balcony to another, or jumping or plunging from unsuitable places into pools, into the void or any element are prohibited.” Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 