The 45th President swatted away Mr Pence's chances at the next general election during an interview with Fox Business host Stuart Varney. The pair had forged a close relationship in the GOP when the Indiana Governor joined Mr Trump on the 2016 ticket. However, Trump and Pence fell out following their 2020 US Presidential Election defeat to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Although neither man has announced whether they will stand in the next election, Mr Trump said: "People are very disappointed in Mike, and if he ran, I don’t think that would be a problem." He added: "Well, I think, if you look at the polls, I’m leading by a tremendous amount. "I had a 98 percent approval rating in the Republican Party." Mr Trump's relationship with his former running mate went sour after Mr Pence refused to buckle to his boss' January 6 demand and instead certified the 2020 result. In a subsequent statement, the 45th President said: "If the Vice President (Mike Pence) had 'absolutely no right' to change the Presidential Election results in the Senate, despite fraud and many other irregularities, how come the Democrats and RINO Republicans, like Wacky Susan Collins, are desperately trying to pass legislation that will not allow the Vice President to change the results of the election? "Actually, what they are saying, is that Mike Pence did have the right to change the outcome, and they now want to take that right away. JUST IN: Texas shooting: Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school 'massacre' "Unfortunately, he didn’t exercise that power, he could have overturned the Election!" Mr Pence responded by saying: "President Trump is wrong. I had no right to overturn the election. "The presidency belongs to the American people, and the American people alone." Despite repeatedly claiming the 2020 election was rigged, there is no evidence to substantiate Mr Trump's assertion. Mr Trump lost several key swing states, including the Peach State, to Mr Biden in 2020. However, recent polling suggests the ex-POTUS could mount a comeback. A Harris Poll survey found Mr Trump had opened up a three-point lead over his successor. Such a lead could ensure he flips Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The chance of Trump being deposed as GOP nominee also seems slim. Harris Poll found Mr Trump would win the Republican primary with 41 percent of the vote. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis looks set to finish in a distant second on just 12 percent. Whereas Mr Pence would lag even further behind in third place on seven percent. The ex-POTUS and his former Vice President also recently clashed in the Georgia GOP primary contest after the ex-Indiana Governor backed Brian Kemp over his pro-Trump rival David Perdue. Mr Kemp opened up a 14 point lead over Mr Perdue in an opinion poll conducted by Trafalgar Group earlier this week. DON'T MISS:Russia tank flees as Ukrainian forces give chase in gripping footage [INSIGHT]Russian diplomat 'resigns' over Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Morgan Freeman banned from Russia along with nearly 1,000 Americans [INSIGHT] However, whoever comes out on top is expected to see off the threat from the Democrats. Survey USA gave Perdue a three-point lead over 2018 Democratic nominee Stacy Abrams. But the same polling company gave Kemp a five-point lead. Kemp faced off against Abrams five years ago in an encounter which saw the Republican win by less than two percent of the vote. But Pence has been slammed by a spokesman for the former President for offering his support in the Georgia race. Taylor Budowich said: "Now, desperate to chase his lost relevance, Pence is parachuting into races, hoping someone is paying attention. “The reality is, President Trump is already 82-3 with his endorsements, and there’s nothing stopping him from saving America in 2022 and beyond.” Madison Cawthorn, a prominent Trump-backed candidate, failed in his re-election bid in North Carolina as he missed out to state Senator Chuck Edwards by less than 2,000 votes.