Since the Brexit transition period ended, Britons must get their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU. The FCDO has issued a new update with advice. The Government said: “Check your passport is stamped by the border officer when you enter and exit Portugal as a visitor. “You can use the staffed immigration booths or, if you are aged 18 and over, the e-gates designated for UK and some other non-EU nationals. “Hand your passport for stamping to the border officer after you have passed through the e-gate.” Portugal was one of the first EU countries to allow Britons to use its e-gates after Britain left the EU. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag However, tourists still need to get their passport stamped even if they use the electronic gates in Portugal. The Government said: “Border guards use passport stamps to check you’re complying with the 90 day visa-free limit for short stays in the Schengen area. “If relevant entry or exit stamps are not in your passport, a border officer may presume that you have overstayed your visa limit.” Britons are allowed to spend 90 out of every 180 days in the Schengen zone without a visa. The Government added: “If you are missing entry/exit stamps, you can show evidence of when and where you entered and exited the Schengen area and ask the border officer to add this date and location in your passport. “Examples of acceptable evidence include boarding passes and tickets.” In the case that Britons don’t get their passport stamped they can try to use certain forms of evidence to prove they didn’t overstay. Britons could try to use a boarding pass or an airline ticket to prove when they travelled to Portugal. Britons must be careful to stick to the 90 day rule when they travel in the Schengen zone or they could face issues. One British woman told Express.co.uk that she was detained overnight in Spain after accidentally overstaying the 90 day period. Britons could also face fines or a ban on entering the Schengen zone if they overstay the 90 days. Passport stamps could lead to longer queues for Britons at some key destination airports this summer. Britons have been warned that they could have to queue for longer than normal in order to have their passport stamped. British tourists will also have to pay a fee to enter the EU soon. The ETIAS scheme is a new security system in the EU. Non-EU citizens will need to pay to register with ETIAS and will have to renew it every three years. The European Commission has said that ETIAS will be in place for non-EU citizens by May 2023.