Aftab Karim, 40, ignored the advice of a vet to seek proper treatment for his black and tan Belgian Malinois, called Luna, after she suffered a “substantial” cut to her leg. He said he could not afford veterinarian fees, and resorted to using a non-medical staple gun he bought online. Mr Karim, of Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, took Luna to a veterinary surgery in September 2021, where she was given pain relief, an anti-inflammatory and antibiotics. A vet advised the dog needed the wound stitched up as soon as possible, but the owner failed to attend a follow up appointment the next day at another branch. RSPCA Inspector Demi Hodby visited Mr Karim's house and examined Luna, who was lying on the floor growling, and found multiple staples had been inserted into her leg. She took Luna to an RSPCA animal hospital where a veterinary surgeon said she was in a suffering state and carried out emergency surgery to remove the staples and suture the wound. The vet said 26 staples had been applied to the wound across Luna’s thigh, from which blood and discharges were seeping. Luna had also suffered bruising from the insertion of the staples. Ms Hodby said: “He advised that the dog was injured and that this injury was caused by the other dog living at the address. “He said after the incident he took the dog to the vets and was told the dog needed surgery which he couldn't afford as this was going to cost around £700 to £1,200. “So he brought the dog home and did it himself as he could only afford to pay around £300.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's army of barbaric mercenaries 'destroying' city Veterinary surgeon James Adams said: “For a wound as large as the one suffered the dog would have required a full general anaesthetic. “The owner stapled the wound with non-sterile equipment without the knowledge or skills of how to reconstruct a wound. “Therefore, the animal had to undergo another procedure at the hospital.” In mitigation, John Goodwin told the court that Karim accepted his actions towards Luna had amounted to a “ludicrous act”. The solicitor said the conviction would have a “devastating effect” on the defendant and his family as they are under significant financial pressure. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story 'There's a gun on the table' EU 'very anxious' as Brexit tensions rise Meghan and Harry face 'conundrum' over visiting Thomas Markle Kirklees Magistrates’ Court told Mr Karim: “We consider this to be a very serious crime. “You caused significant suffering to Luna by your calculated decision to put your own finances above her needs. “You then compounded your culpability by attempting to deceive the vets.” Magistrates also asked for their concerns about whether sale of the type of staple gun used in the offence could be passed on to the website where he purchased it from. Mr Karim admitted a charge of causing unnecessary suffering after an RSPCA prosecution. He was given a seven-year ban from keeping dogs by Kirklees Magistrates’ Court. Magistrates also ordered that he complete 200 hours of unpaid work as part of a 12-month community sentence. As well as the unpaid work, Karim was told to undertake 10 rehabilitation activity days and pay a victim surcharge of £95 and court costs of £350. A deprivation order was made in relation to Luna and a seizure order made on another dog under his ownership, giving the defendant 21 days to re-home that pet.