According to Spain’s Aemet weather agency, Andalucia will be hit by a heatwave this week. Temperatures will reach 38 degrees in Seville, Cordoba, Jaen and inland Granada. Temperatures will also be extremely high in Malaga although it will be a little cooler and may feel more humid. According to Aemet, this could be the “earliest heatwave” in Spain since records began. Cordoba is expected to hit a soaring 38 degrees on Wednesday which is unprecedented in May. Weather warnings have been issued for the four provinces of Seville, Cordoba, Jaen and inland Granada. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos On Thursday, temperatures could soar as high as 40 degrees in some of Spain’s popular southern regions. Aemet spokesperson Rubén Del Campo said temperature will be around five to 10 degrees higher than normal in the whole country. In the centre of the peninsula, temperatures are likely to be around 10 to 15 degrees higher than normal at this time of year. The weather event may not be classed as a heat wave as it has to last for at least three days to do so. Del Campo said: “We have to wait till we have the data to know whether it is a heatwave or not. “If it is, it would be the first time there had been one in Spain in May. It could be the most intense episode of heat in May in the past 20 years.” The earliest high temperatures before were recorded on June 11 in 1981 and June 13 in 2017. Temperatures could start to drop on Sunday, according to Aemet although it will depend on conditions. Climate change is likely to have a huge impact on temperatures across Europe in coming years. According to the European Environment Agency, the temperature in Spain is likely to rise by around four degrees by 2080. Extreme summers are likely to become more frequent while heat waves are likely to last for longer. This could have an impact on the environment and some scientists have said climate change is responsible for the growth of biting black flies in Spain. The flies can bite and spread diseases which are currently rare in Spain but have been recorded in South America and Africa. Dr Ian Cole, GP at King Edward VII’s Hospital said: “If you’re worried about your wellbeing during a heatwave there are a number of things you can do to keep cool. “Stay out of the sun for the hottest parts of the day, preferably in a cool or air-conditioned place. “If it’s hot outside, keep the windows closed and pull down shades or close the curtains when indoors.”