The local elections on Thursday will be held for all London borough councils, a number of Metropolitan, Unitary, and District councils, as well as all local authorities in Wales and Scotland. Northern Ireland voters will be taking to their polling stations to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly. As the first local election since the emergence of the partygate scandal, this will be the first test for Prime Minister Boris Johnson, as it could result in new leadership in a number of areas. More than 6,000 seats will be contested across the UK, with London being the main spot most seats will be elected for in England; amounting to 1,817 seats across all 32 boroughs. A further 2,542 seats will be up for grabs outside of London across 33 metropolitan borough councils, 27 unitary authorities, and 60 district councils. Scotland will see voters electing members across 1,219 seats within 32 unitary councils, while Wales will be contesting 1,234 seats in 22 councils.  READ MORE: How to find out where you are registered to vote  Six local authority mayoral elections will also take place in Croydon, Hackney, Lewisham, Newham, Tower Hamlets and Watford, as well as one metropolitan mayoral election in South Yorkshire. Polling stations across the UK will be open from 7am to 10pm on Thursday, May 5. You won’t need your poll card with you to vote, but you must vote at your assigned polling station - this will be outlined on your poll card.  If you are registered to vote but don’t have your poll card, just head to your polling station and give them your name and address. In England, Wales and Scotland, you won’t need any ID, but voters in Northern Ireland will need to provide a form of photo ID. To find out whether your local council is holding a vote, enter your postcode into the Electoral Commission’s tool, here. To find out where your nearest polling station is, click here. DON'T MISS: If Sinn Fein win on Thursday, division will return - COMMENT [COMMENT]Boris Johnson loses patience as Susanna interrupts in GMB interview [INSIGHT]Putin is suffering from ‘dementia’ and paranoia-induced insanity [ANALYSIS]    Those unable to make it to the polls in person on May 5 may have applied for a postal vote. According to the Electoral Commission, your postal vote must be with the elections team at your local council by 10pm on polling day to be counted. However, if you can't post your postal vote in time, you can take it directly to your polling station or to your local council on polling day.  Applying for a postal vote for the May 5 local elections is no longer an option, as the deadline to apply for this was Tuesday, April 19. However, you might still be able to apply for an emergency proxy vote instead. This allows those the option to apply for a proxy vote if they cannot vote in person due to employment of a disability and became aware of this reason after the proxy deadline. The option to apply for an emergency proxy will last until 5pm on the election day - May 5. For your form to qualify, you must be able to grab a signature from an ‘appropriate person’, which would be someone like your employer or doctor. 