Hard working Britons have been hit by an explosion in costs in recent months due to the fall out from the war in Ukraine and the end of the Covid pandemic. Today the Office of National Statistics warned national inflation has risen to nine percent, the highest rate in 40 years. However, new analysis indicates that the bottom 10 percent of the population in terms of income faced an inflation rate of 10.9 percent. The increasingly dire economic outlook has led to Tory backbenchers and the Labour Party heaping pressure on the Treasury to take action to help tackle the cost of living crisis. Energy bills are the are factor that have come under the most scrutiny, after prices increase by 70 percent in the year to April. It was the fastest rate of increase for more than 30 years. READ MORE: Energy boss tells Sunak to slash EU red tape and reduce bills by £100 Ofgem figures indicate the hike means the average household is now paying an average £60 more a month for energy. Damningly, the price of energy is set to rise even higher in October when the price cap is next reviewed . Heidi Karjalainen from the highly respected Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said today: "Continuing pressures, such as the war in Ukraine, are likely to push Ofgem’s October tariff cap, as well as other prices including food prices, even higher later this year. "We are likely to be in a prolonged period during which poorer households are facing rates of inflation even higher than the headline figures would suggest." The think tank warned that state benefits only increased by 3.1 percent in April, meaning those reliant on welfare payments have been hit with the biggest rise in costs. The IFS added the poorest households spend 11 percent of their total household budget on gas and electricity, compared to 4 percent for the richest households. Tory MPs are demanding Mr Sunak take urgent action to help families struggling with the current costs. They want long-promised tax cuts to be brought forward and introduced immediately. Senior Conservative backbencher Sir Bernard Jenkin is expected today to warn ministers "the economic situation is far worse than the government is prepared to admit". DON'T MISS:UK recession fears erupt as inflation hits all-time record high [WARNING]UK vs EU inflation: Worst impacted countries in Europe as rates soar [INSIGHT]‘People crying out for help!’ Ferrari puts Liz Truss on the spot [WATCH] "The measures that need to be looked at are £20 uplift in universal credit, transferring the cost of energy green levies to the exchequer, abolishing VAT on domestic fuel, increasing the warm homes scheme, and increasing the pensioners’ fuel allowance," he will say. The Labour Party is today forcing a vote in the Commons on the need for the Chancellor to introduce an emergency Budget to tackle costs. Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves told BBC Breakfast: "Today in Parliament, Labour will be calling another vote and urging the Government to introduce an emergency budget because it is clear that the actions taken to date by the Government did not meet the scale of the challenge. "Families and pensioners are really struggling right now and the Government must urgently come forward with additional measures to help people with this incredible increase now." Following today's inflation figures, Mr Sunak he could not "protect people completely" from the cost-of-living squeeze. He said: "Countries around the world are dealing with rising inflation. "Today's inflation numbers are driven by the energy price cap rise in April, which in turn is driven by higher global energy prices. "We cannot protect people completely from these global challenges but are providing significant support where we can, and stand ready to take further action."