Prehistoric Planet is Apple TV+'s new show which transports viewers back millions of years to discover more about the dinosaurs which once roamed the earth. The five-part documentary series, which is presented by Sir David Attenborough, brings dinosaurs, such as Tyrannosaurus rex, mosasaurs and pterosaurs, back to life with the latest visual effects. However, Jay Hunt admitted the programme is "not for the faint of heart". The series opens with a focus on the infamous Tyrannosaurus rex which weighed about 10 tonnes and could reach 13 metres in length. At the start of the series, a family of Tyrannosaurus rex all swam in the ocean on their hunt for a carcass on a nearby beach. Scientists discovered many theropod bones had a hollow structure which would have helped them swim. Another episode, which centred around some seriously dry landscapes at the end of the Cretaceous period, followed an unusual type of sauropod with "balloon-like holes". READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row  Jay spoke at the London premiere for Prehistoric Planet to Express.co.uk and other media about working with Sir David and warned the audience about the "scary" scenes. Ahead of the first two episodes of the series being screened, Jay revealed she had been asked whether the documentary was frightening. She said: "I have been asked if it is scary, but having seen the size of this screen, it is not for the faint of heart." "Keep an eye on the mosasaur," Jay warned viewers as it was the largest animal to have ever lived growing up to 40 metres long.   The magnificent mosasaur appears in the first episode of the series which is titled Coasts. Sir David has described the oceans are one of the richest habitats on earth, and it appeared that statement was also true during the Cretaceous period. The episode reminds viewers that land and sea ecosystems are interlinked and also focuses on dinosaurs on land and pterosaurs in the sky. Reflecting on creating the documentary series, Jay explained: "We have talked quite a lot at Apple about what it is like to sit in the cross-section of art and science and Prehistoric Planet does that brilliantly."  Jay revealed how much of a pleasure it was for Sir David to narrate the series and for Oscar award-winning composer Hans Zimmer to be behind the musical score. She explained how everyone has "walked a little bit taller" after Sir David got on board with the series. Sir David, 96, has been the voice of countless documentaries and has a fondness for prehistoric creatures as well as modern-day mammals. He said: “I hope that children and their families will sit down to watch Prehistoric Planet and be completely immersed in this incredible world and find their imaginations fired by the astonishing prehistoric animals that they will discover and learn about as the series travels across each habitat.”  “It’s an opportunity to see the world’s most famous dinosaurs like Tyrannosaurus rex and Triceratops come to life but also to really enter into their world and see the incredible diversity of life which existed at that time.” The series was produced by the world-renowned team at BBC Studios Natural History Unit with support from the photorealistic visual effects of MPC. To mark the release of the series Tyrannosaurus rex footprints appeared on a Welsh beach in Pembrokeshire for locals to see. They were created by 10 sand artists. Prehistoric Planet is available to watch on AppleTV+. 