St Helens Council has apologised for delays to the payment of the £150 council tax rebate. Residents were told last week that they could expect the payment into bank accounts from Friday May 13. However, the council has confirmed this hasn't happened, instead announcing a new date. It's the third time the council has told residents an expected date, St Helens Star reports. The council has apologised for the delay, explaining there has been a technical update. Now, eligible recipients can expect the sum from May 16, 2022, if they have applied online. READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject feared 'losing his house' but business went on to make millions A notice on the St Helens Borough Council website states: "We apologise for the delay in processing this payment following a software upgrade. "Eligible households which pay their Council Tax by Direct Debit will start receiving payments into their designated bank accounts from 16 May 2022. "If you have submitted an online application, we will begin making payments to you from 23 May 2022. "If you have supplied an email address with your application, we will send you an email confirmation when your payment will be made." Some residents took to Facebook to share their upset about the announcement. Lynne Randles wrote: "They put me in debt because of there mistake so I will be penalised for that. Absolute shambles of a council."(sic) However, Stefanie Crell replied: "Not their mistake at all. They have until end of September to pay it." Meanwhile, John Cunnington penned: "Ribble council have payed out today. This is a joke some ppl need this money."(sic) Express.co.uk has contacted St Helens Borough Council asking for comment. People who live in a property with a council tax A to D are eligible for the rebate of £150, which does not need to be paid back. They must be liable for council tax, and have lived in the aforementioned property on April 1, 2022. Residents who are not eligible because they live in higher-banded properties can apply for a discretionary scheme. Second homes, empty properties, houses in multiple occupation, landlords and corporate bodies are not eligible out the rebate. If a person who isn't entitled to the sum be paid it, they will be asked to pay it back. Bill payers can check what property band they live in by looking at the annual council tax bill. It's also possible to check online, by visiting www.gov.uk/council-tax-bands.