Arsenal's hopes of landing Barcelona forward Memphis Depay in the summer transfer window could be set for a major boost after the Catalan giants reached a 'full agreement' to bring Robert Lewandowski to the Nou Camp, according to reports. The Gunners have been linked with a potential move for Depay, who only joined Barcelona a year ago but has already been tipped to leave the club in advance of the new campaign. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has made it clear that he would like to sign a new striker as a matter of priority and is thought to be keen on landing Depay, who has previously turned out for the likes of Manchester United and Lyon. The north Londoners have already reached out to Barcelona to enquire about the Dutchman's availability and could end up shelling out around £42million to secure his services over the coming months, according to Spanish outlet ABC.It seems as though a move back to the Premier League for Depay could soon emerge as a real possibility if Barcelona manage to replace him with Lewandowski, who is believed to be a priority target for those in command at the Nou Camp. The Polish forward is widely expected to leave Bayern Munich in the not-too-distant future in order to take up a new challenge under the guidance of Xavi after spending the vast majority of his professional career in the Bundesliga.A breakthrough finally appears to have been made after months of negotiations between the two parties, with a 'full agreement' to complete the proposed switch now understood to be on the table, according to AS. It is said that Lewandowski is prepared to sign a three-year deal with Barcelona to become the 'cornerstone' of Xavi's new-look squad from next season onwards. JUST IN: Liverpool confirm plan to hold bus parade - even if they lose CL final The move would suggest that Depay could be allowed to leave the club and join Arsenal in order to take up a new role as Arteta's new attacking talisman ahead of the new campaign. However, it is also claimed that Bayern Munich are reluctant to open negotiations with Barcelona over a move for Lewandowski, who remains tied down to the German heavyweights until the summer of 2023.It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will eventually be able to put the wheels in motion with regards to a move for Depay, who has chipped in with 13 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season. Arteta recently insisted that he will be looking to add a new marksman to his ranks over the next few months in order to replace the likes of Alexandre Lacazette and potentially Eddie Nketiah, who will both be out of contract at the end of the current campaign as things stand. "Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad, without it, you have nothing," Arteta told Sky Sports earlier this year. "You can play good football but you need enough goal threat in the team."The other thing is that he has to complement the other people we have, personally and on the pitch, and for that, we need the right profile. We need a profile where you can exploit his qualities at the same time as the qualities we already have, so we don’t have to transform our way of playing again to adapt to that specific player."He has to have a certain age, a certain level of experience, and he has to be able to come here and play under the pressure of being at Arsenal." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here