Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has vowed to dream about winning a historic quadruple only if Manchester City lose to West Ham today. The Reds secured their second trophy of the season on Saturday as they defeated Chelsea in the FA Cup final after a penalty shootout. Liverpool also saw off the Blues in the Carabao Cup final earlier this year and have booked their place in this month’s Champions League final, where they will face Real Madrid. But the Merseysiders are three points behind City in the Premier League table with two games remaining. If the Citizens defeat West Ham at the London Stadium, they will move six points above Jurgen Klopp’s men, with a vastly superior goal difference. And that could all but end Liverpool’s hopes of winning the Premier League title. But if the Hammers can pull off a shock, the Reds’ quadruple aspirations will be reignited. “So I'm not 100 per cent in the subject but let me say it like this,” Klopp said on Saturday. “City's in this moment three points up and seven goals [ahead on goal difference] and now they win tomorrow, with all respect to West Ham, of course West Ham can win against City - it's a massive game. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere'  “But they win tomorrow 4-0, then it's six points before we start at Southampton and then we have to win both our games, they have to lose a game. It's silly. So, let's just see what happens tomorrow. If they lose against West Ham, then I start thinking. But if they don't, then we will judge that and will go from there.” Liverpool have dropped just six points since the turn of the year and have drawn with City twice in the Premier League this campaign. And Klopp has paid tribute to his players for overcoming their disappointing season last time around to compete with Pep Guardiola’s team once again. DON'T MISS Gabriel Jesus urged to 'take risk' and quit Man City to join Arsenal Tottenham star Son Heung-min's comments will worry Antonio Conte Arsenal issued Calvert-Lewin transfer message by Lampard     “We drew twice against City, so we didn't lose points there,” Klopp added. “We lost them somewhere else, so we have to make sure that next year we either beat them or draw against them and win more of the other games. That's the situation. “But we came from a season last year where nobody thought, I'm 100 per cent sure in this room nobody thought, apart from me maybe, that we can go again like we did this year. That we could do it is all because of the character of these players. It's the only reason.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 