The Duke of Sussex has featured in a travel campaign which sees him running through a forest before being accused of dropping a sweet wrapper four years earlier on a holiday to New Zealand. Appearing on GB News' Dan Wootton Tonight, broadcaster Bev Turner lashed out at Prince Harry's involvement in the sketch, branding it "bizarre" and telling viewers "you can see right through what he's doing". The 48-year-old broadcaster fumed: “I watched that five-minute video today just aghast, it’s like he’s teeing up the Chinese social credit system.“It’s like Tripadvisor when you’re giving the place you’re visiting a rating.“This is the people at the venue giving you a rating on your behaviour and on your green credentials and how you behave in that country.“I don’t want any part of a system like that, I don’t want to be judged by an app, I’m not very keen on an Uber driving giving me stars.“I think it’s bizarre and you see right through what he’s doing.” READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage The video also stars actors Rena Owen, Rhys Darby and Dave Fane. It launches a new initiative in New Zealand for Prince Harry's Travalyst organisation which rates holidaymakers - rather than holidays - for how sustainable they are. The Duke, who is the father of son Archie and daughter Lilibet, donned a grey T-shirt proudly proclaiming he is a 'Girl Dad' in the video. Travalyst works with brands such as Skyscanner and Google to collect and display flight emissions data, so consumers can book a flight with lower emissions more easily.  In the advert, the Duke is ambushed by a rating agent who claims he littered during his official tour with his wife Meghan Markle in 2018. He's given three stars out of five for only buying local honey and using one towel on his trip. Harry is also praised for turning the tap off while brushing his teeth. In the video, the Prince said: “I never do... Hang on a second. How do you know that?… That’s really weird." DON'T MISS...Royal Family LIVE: Queen sent warning over Harry - William steps in [LATEST]Royal Family pestered by 170 stalkers, official figures show [UPDATE]Meghan 'came from nothing' but 'trampled on others' - Claim [INSIGHT] The Duke insists the litter found in the forest was not his, with comedian Darby saying: “It might have been a confusing time, it was windy.” Harry replied: “I don’t think it was confusing. It was an incredible time. We had an amazing time in New Zealand. It’s beautiful.” Fane, who plays another rating agent, arrives claiming he is meant to be assessing Harry, saying: “I’m supposed to be rating Harry. "You’ve got Harry Styley and I’ve got the stylish Harry.”  The advert has also been criticised by TalkTV broadcaster Piers Morgan and Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley. Prince Harry has claimed the campaign was inspired by the Māori values of kaitiakitanga - guardianship and protection - and manaakitanga - to extend love and compassion. New Zealanders now have access to a rating tool on the Travalyst website. GB News is available to watch on Virgin Media and Freeview. 