Searches for Portugal holidays have increased 24 percent in one year and over 25 percent in the last seven days after the country announced faster entry requirements for those with a British passport, a study by Rightmove revealed. New data from Rightmove unveiled that Porto Santo is now the most searched spot in Portugal. Comporta, located south of Lisbon, is second, and Vila Real de Santo António, in the Algarve, is third. Buyer enquiries also rose at the beginning of this year compared to last year. This could be a sign that confidence from British buyers looking to purchase a home abroad is growing following the pandemic and Brexit, Rightmove explained. READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK  Portugal has become the first EU country to allow Britons fast-tracked entry with the aim of speeding up the passport control process. However, British tourists will still need to have their passports stamped by a border official after. Porto Santo, near Madeira, is a beautiful spot that attracts millions of visitors every year. The picturesque village of Comporta in Alcácer is perfect for those looking to relax on stunning sandy beaches and Vila Real de Santo António, in the Algarve, is a vibrant town with a beautiful coastline.  Rachel Beaton, Rightmove’s Overseas Insights Expert, said: “The move to make it easier and quicker for Britons to enter Portugal will give further confidence to British buyers who are interested in buying a home abroad, but are perhaps still hesitant about different travel regulations that are still in place since the pandemic or post-Brexit. "We’re seeing strong demand from British buyers for properties in Portugal, and this will only make it easier for these potential buyers to get over there to view properties for sale.” David Rowat, Managing Director at OliveHomes.com, said "the demand from British buyers is unceasing". He explained: "2022 has seen unparalleled demand as people wish to pursue the dream of having a home in Portugal. "One of the biggest changes we have seen is the demand for relocation (full time) or remote working (part time). "In terms of locations, we can see the Algarve remains extremely strong with increased interest in the outskirts of Lisbon (Setúbal) and Madeira. "This was to be expected due to the changes in the Golden Visa, which now precludes investment in the centre of Lisbon. "Madeira is a beautiful island which is becoming more in-focus due to the extra value gained compared to mainland Portugal. British buyers remain extremely confident about the future prospects of Portugal, in terms of an investment and the quality of life.” Porto Santo Comporta Vila Real de Santo António Braga Setúbal