The troubled holiday company has slashed its Manchester Airport flight schedule, Manchester Evening News reports. TUI announced, this afternoon, that it has taken the drastic step, which will decimate half-term and summer plans for around 34,000 people, in a bid to help resolve "issues" which have caused flight delays, cancellations and baggage problems in recent days. The travel giant has declined to answer Manchester Evening News requests for a list of those services impacted, but has confirmed it will be contacting all affected customers by text or email by the end of today.  Manchester Airport says what has happened is down to staff shortages in both the TUI and Swissport operations, a problem which they say is blighting the travel industry more widely. However, Manchester Airport, which just last month issued a candid apology over its staffing crisis, is understood to be the only hub in the country impacted by TUI’s planned raft of cancellations, cutting six flights a day, 186 flights in total, between May 31 and June 30. Those passengers due to fly over the "coming days" were notified last night, while the rest will be informed "later today", TUI said. The decision comes amid ongoing tales from travellers of missing luggage, holidays being cancelled by text and mammoth flight delays. On Saturday, police were drafted in to tell "hundreds" of people waiting at the boarding gate, following an eight-hour delay, that their flight to Kos in Greece had been cancelled. TUI said, in an earlier statement, that the "sudden increase" in people going on holiday combined with "various operational and supply chain issues" had impacted a "small number of flights". Meanwhile, Manchester Airport bosses had vowed to work with airlines and other handling agents experiencing difficulties amid an urgent recruitment drive, to resolve the ongoing issues for passengers. However, TUI have now taken the decision to remove flights from its schedule in a bid to manage the crisis.    In a statement on Tuesday, TUI said: “ We would like to apologise to our customers who have experienced flight delays and cancellations in recent days and understand that many of our customers have been looking forward to their holiday with us for a long time. "Due to the amount of on-going disruption in our operation at Manchester Airport, we have made the incredibly difficult decision to cancel six flights a day (43 flights a week), from Tuesday, May 31, until Thursday, June 30. All other airports in the UK are planned to operate as normal. “We understand how disappointing this will be for those impacted; however, we believe this is necessary to provide stability and a better customer service at Manchester Airport. We will continue to work closely with all our airport partners and suppliers so we can provide the best possible holiday experience for our customers.” They said customers affected would receive a full refund for their holiday as well as an ‘extra gesture of goodwill’. Customers impacted in the next 14 days will also receive information on how to apply for compensation in line with regulations. They added: “We would like to reassure our customers that cancellations of this nature are extremely rare and would like to thank them for their patience and understanding.” A Manchester Airport spokesman said: “Over the last few days TUI and its appointed ground handler, Swissport, have experienced significant challenges with their check-in and baggage reclaim operations at Manchester Airport. From extensive discussions with the TUI and Swissport management teams, it is clear that they are experiencing temporary staff shortages, in common with other aviation and travel companies. “Given these challenges, we understand TUI’s difficult decision to cancel a number of services over the course of the next month, although we are obviously disappointed to see passengers’ plans disrupted in this way. We will continue to work with TUI, Swissport and other partners to give passengers the best possible service as the travel sector builds back to full strength after the pandemic. “In the meantime, we continue to advise passengers to arrive three hours before their flight and to be as prepared as they can be for their journey through the airport.”. 