The Mayo Clinic says when taken at appropriate doses, vitamin B12 supplements are generally considered safe. The NHS says adults aged 19 to 64 need about 1.5 micrograms a day of vitamin B12. It says: “If you eat meat, fish or dairy foods, you should be able to get enough vitamin B12 from your diet. But as vitamin B12 is not found naturally in foods such as fruit, vegetables and grains, vegans may not get enough of it.” The Mayo Clinic says high doses of vitamin B12, such as those used to treat a deficiency, might cause tingling sensation in hands and feet.Other signs include: READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer  The NHS says there's not enough evidence to show what the effects may be of taking high doses of vitamin B12 supplements each day. Nonetheless, it warns: “If you take vitamin B12 supplements, do not take too much as this could be harmful. Taking 2mg or less a day of vitamin B12 in supplements is unlikely to cause any harm.” It adds that taking doses of folic acid higher than 1mg can mask the symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency, which can eventually damage the nervous system if it's not spotted and treated. The health body says this is particularly a concern for older people because it becomes more difficult to absorb vitamin B12 as you get older.  Some people may take supplements if they have a deficiency. The NHS says general symptoms of anaemia may include extreme tiredness, breathlessness, feeling faint and headaches. You may also notice that you have pale skin, noticeable heartbeats, are hearing sounds coming from inside the body, rather than from an outside source, as well as noticing a loss of appetite and weight loss. If you have anaemia caused by a vitamin B12 deficiency, you may have other symptoms that affect your behaviour. The NHS says you may notice irritability, depression, changes in the way you think, feel and behave, and a decline in your mental abilities, such as memory, understanding and judgement. Some of these symptoms can also happen in people who have a vitamin B12 deficiency but have not developed anaemia. If you have anaemia caused by a vitamin B12 deficiency, you may have other symptoms, such as a pale yellow tinge to your skin, a sore and red tongue, mouth ulcers, pins and needles, changes in the way that you walk and move around, and disturbed vision. There are several risk factors for vitamin B12 deficiency anaemia including a family history of the disease, autoimmune diseases, including type 1 diabetes and Crohn's disease. They also include HIV, some medicines, strict vegetarian diets, and being an older adult, according to The Johns Hopkins University. The NHS warns that it is important for vitamin B12 or folate deficiency anaemia to be diagnosed and treated as soon as possible, as though many of the symptoms improve with treatment, some problems caused by the condition can be irreversible if left untreated. “The longer the condition goes untreated, the higher the chance of permanent damage,” the health body explains. All types of anaemia, regardless of the cause, can lead to heart and lung complications as the heart struggles to pump oxygen to the vital organs. A lack of vitamin B12 can cause neurological problems, which affect your nervous system.