On Sunday night's Countryfile, Anita Rani met 15-year-old shepherd Katie on her family farm in Cumbria as she helped the farmers during lambing season. Elsewhere, Adam Henson showed BBC viewers his lambing shed as he welcomed a number of babies into the world. However, the presenter also showcased the reality of lambing as he helped one pregnant sheep give birth. He also discussed how they have to castrate some lambs when they are born. At the beginning of the show, Adam ran into some trouble when he saw one of his sheep struggling to give birth by herself. The presenter was forced to step into action and leapt to help the sheep, and he was unsure whether the lamb was alive. "So usually the sheep will be stood around chewing, which is chewing their cud, but there's one here that is looking restless," he explained.  "She's about to lie down. "And in fact, it looks like she's got a little bit of slime coming from her." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked As Adam rushed to her aide, he continued: "You can see her back is quite arched, she's clearly uncomfortable. "A classic sign, but as the hours roll on, she's showing little signs of progressing with the birth. "I am worried that it's stuck so I'm going to capture her to help her give birth. "She is a ewe that scanned for a single [lamb] and those feet look quite big. I am not sure if she's going to be able to push it out." "So what I need to do is just straighten those legs to get them into that diving position because they're curled back like this at the moment," Adam demonstrated. "She's pushing that out now, good girl, one more big push," he said to the ewe. As the lamb was born, Adam was concerned as it wasn't moving. He asked: "Are you alive?" Luckily, the lamb started to breathe and so the farmer moved the lamb to its mum's face so she could clean it. "That's great, she's licking it while she's lying down. She is a great mum," he added. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [CAST]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen's co-star pays tribute to Yorkshire Shepherdess [NEWS] However, just minutes into the show, some viewers were left horrified by the birthing segment. Other Countryfile fans slammed Adam for putting them off their tea. User@PJDavbies1962 raged: "B****y hell it's all kicking off down #countryfile way tonight." Leigh fumed: "Me turning over the TV to #countryfile eating me tea…" (sic)  While Havelock added: "Omg Adam I'm having my tea #countryfile." "Just what you need, Adam talking scrotums and testicles at tea time," Tallboy commented. Carol tweeted: "Don’t think I’ll eat lamb again.#Countryfile." She later went on to say: "Makes me want to be a veggie. That poor little boy lamb having its bits tied up to drop off." Countryfile airs on Sunday at 6pm on BBC One. 