Piers Morgan spoke with mum Sherrilyn Speid and Insulate Britain protestor Liam Norton during his TalkTV show on Monday about the disruptive protests which have been carried out across the UK. The former Good Morning Britain host spoke with Sherrilyn about being banned from driving after she confronted several protestors when she was trying to take her son to school. The video, which showed the Essex mum asking the protestors to move out of her way went viral, and she subsequently got banned from driving as a result of her actions. Piers began the segment by agreeing with the protestor's cause, although, he explained he didn't agree with the way they were going about it. After speaking with Sherrilyn about what happened, the segment took an unexpected turn when the host discussed the issue with Liam. "I look at that video and I see a mum who wants to get a kid to school on time," Piers fumed. "You want to protect the planet and make it better for her son, and at the same time you want to stop him from being educated." READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage He continued: "People will watch that and they go 'Why are you doing this?' "Why can't you protest in a different way to literally lying in front of cars to the point where a young mum loses it and ends up with a fine and everything else." Liam explained to the host that he agreed with him to a certain extent, he replied: "It's not a good situation. "I spoke with Sherrilyn about a month ago and we had a really good conversation. She's still got misgivings about the tactics that insulate Britain were using back then, but she also said to me that she didn't realise how bad this climate crisis was for her 11-year-old son." Piers continued to argue that he didn't disagree with Insulate Britain's cause, he had a problem with the tactics they used. He brought up the case of when a man was trying to drive his poorly mother to hospital. The former GMB presenter raged that when he hears stories like that his "blood boils". "I don't believe you have the right to play God like that with people's lives," he raged. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [NEWS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT] Piers proceeded to bring up Liam's appearance on Good Morning Britain, where he clashed with Richard Madeley over the M25 protests he was involved in. The segment got heated when Piers asked Liam whether he insulated his own home. "You walked off of Good Morning Britain when they asked you if you insulate your own home and you said you don't because you're a hypocrite. "Have you started to insulate it yet or not?" "I've just said to you I've got a £550 bill that I can't pay," Liam hit back before Piers added: "Just to be clear, though, you still don't insulate your own home even though your whole campaign is to start doing that?" Liam explained: "You're talking about social housing. We are saying it won't happen unless the poorest in our society can do the job and as we all know, the poorest in society are struggling." "Liam, I would take you more seriously if you did insulate your own home. You're an electrician, you know how to insulate your own home." He later argued: "It would probably help your cause if you stopped lying down in front of mums trying to take their kids to school." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 9pm on TalkTV.