Maureen Paterson, 88, snapped her ankle - leaving exposed blood and bone - when she fell getting out of the car. Her husband, Richard, 87, promptly phoned for an ambulance, but the pair ended up waiting all day for the emergency services to arrive. West Midlands Ambulance Service (WMAS), which apologised for the delayed response, said: "the whole of the NHS remains under severe pressure" with long hospital handovers leading to rocketing wait times. The accident occurred at around 2.30pm on April 29, when Maureen - who suffers from kidney failure and poor mobility - returned from a meal at The Black Boy pub near her home in Knowle, Solihull, reports Birmingham Live. Richard said the ambulance crew were "horrified" upon learning his wife had been lying out in the open on the concrete. While neighbours and family members came to help, Maureen's injury was so severe she could not be moved. She has since undergone a blood transfusion and surgery but may lose her foot if it does not heal.  "There was a very considerable blood loss resulting in a blood slick over 4ft long down the slope of our block drive," Richard said. "Somehow I managed to stop the flow of blood and dialled 999 reporting the problem in detail. "We got her into the recovery position and covered her with a cellular blanket and warm duvet. But she was lying directly on the concrete blocks of the drive." Richard - who spoke out because he did not want others to go through the same thing - has made a formal complaint. But he credited the "superb" ambulance crew while praising staff and doctors at Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The former export worker, who has been retired for 27 years, said: "The ambulance crew were horrified that she had been left lying out in the open on the concrete. "But we dared not move her to a different location because of the risk of even more damage to the limb. "I have lodged a formal complaint with the WMAS and received a phone call stating that they will launch an enquiry. We didn’t even have a paramedic attend." WMAS said two paramedics did in fact attend. A spokesperson said: "It was a crew of three who responded, made up of a paramedic, a student paramedic and a technician." Richard added: "Full credit is [due] to the superb ambulance crew who handled the problem on arrival with skill and consideration and who were appalled that an 88-year-old be left without medical attention for that period of time. "And also to the staff and doctors on Ward 412 at the QE who have been so efficient and kind in their handling of my wife’s problem." A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We would like to apologise to Mrs Paterson for the delayed response. "The whole of the NHS remains under severe pressure and, unfortunately, long hospital handover delays mean some patients are waiting far longer for an ambulance to come to them than we would want. “We continue to work with local partners to find ways to reduce the delays so that our crews can respond more quickly. "Our staff and volunteers work tirelessly to respond as soon as we can." Despite the delays, West Midlands Ambulance Service is currently the third-best performing ambulance service in the country. The Trust said it continues to recruit hundreds of additional call handlers and frontline clinicians who respond to incidents.