The meeting at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday June 3 will be the largest gathering of royals since Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018 - before the couple left to start a new life in the US. The celebrations will mark the first time in two years that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be seen alongside the entire firm. Royal experts predict the couple could be sat in the "naughty corner" with Prince Andrew at the milestone event to avoid "frosty" pictures similar to those seen at the last public meeting between the brothers. Photos emerged seemingly showing an awkward reunion between Harry and Meghan and William and Kate at their final engagement as working royals. The couples didn't appear to make eye contact or engage in conversation during the service at Westminster Abbey.  Since the meeting, the couple carried out their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey and have engaged in controversial interviews with other US TV stations and launched their own podcast. Royal expert Angela Levin told MailOnline that the stress of the two couples meeting next Friday will be etched on Harry, William and Kate's faces. However, she claimed Meghan, will adopt her "Hollywood smile" and "wave to the crowds" for the cameras. She said: "I think the St Paul's service is going to be very stressful for the royals, especially for William and Catherine, who feel they [the Sussexes] have badly let down the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry face 'conundrum' over visiting Thomas Markle "It will be just as frosty as the Commonwealth Service in 2020. The brothers will look serious and I suspect Meghan's Hollywood smile will be fixed". Ms Levin also suggested the couple's decision to attend the royal occasion could be to satisfy Netflix producers as part of their $100m deal with the streaming giant. Recent reports state that the couple plan to film a docuseries for Netflix. The royal reporter said: "Netflix could insist on them being there – and they are now probably not in a position to say no because they might get dropped completely. DON'T MISS: Queen's coronation close-up captured by cameraman's 'naughty' trick [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'brace' for Sussex docuseries 'Have to deliver headlines' [COMMENT]Platinum Jubilee emoji: How to use new PJ the corgi icon [COMMMENT] "Harry and Meghan have shown they love the limelight and attention and will want to show the world they are still part of the Royal Family, especially as their popularity in the US is plummeting". She said Buckingham Palace could seat the royals in a long row split by the aisle as to avoid any tension. Because the pair are no longer working royals, Ms Levin predicts Harry and Meghan will be sat apart from the Queen, Charles and William, probably with Princess Eugenie. However, she said they "could even be in a 'naughty corner' with her father the Duke of York". 