NS&I announces the prize winners for its savings accounts every month including two new £1million jackpot winners. Although every bond has the same chance of winning, some UK regions appear to be luckier than others. Premium Bonds savings accounts have been popular since they were first introduced in the 1950s. While there are other accounts that provide higher interest rates than the one percent premium bonds offer, it’s the chance to wake up a millionaire many people find enticing. Every month thousands of savers win cash prizes from £25 upwards with two lucky people waking up £1million richer. To take part in the monthly prize draw, all people have to do is buy one Bond worth £25. READ MORE: ‘I couldn’t breathe’ Mum loses £1240 in investment scam on Instagram Some regions have proved luckier than others over the years. National Savings and Investments (NS&I) says while everyone has the same chance of winning, the latest statistics show people who live in the South West could be luckier. In 2020, the South West outshone other UK regions boasting six winners of the £1million jackpot. This region scooped 25 percent of the £1million jackpots even though residents owned just 12.9 percent of bonds to start with. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives his verdict on Premium Bonds versus savings account [INSIGHT]Santander is offering 2.5 percent interest rate on savings [UPDATE]State pension warning issued to Britons retiring this year [WARNING] That meant someone from the South West picked up the £1million jackpot in March, May, August, September, November and December. Britons who live in the South East of the UK were the next luckiest, with this region celebrating four Premium Bonds millionaires, 16.6 percent of the total. In joint third place was Scotland and Yorkshire & Humberside, both producing three millionaires a piece. Meanwhile, some people believe Premium Bonds bought closer to the draw are more likely to win. NS&I cleared up why it appears that newer bonds are more likely to win. On its website, NS&I said: “Each £1 Bond number has an equal chance of winning, regardless of when or where it was bought. “Over 95 percent of eligible Premium Bonds have been bought since the year 2000. “So even though Premium Bonds have been on sale for over 60 years, this is why newer Bonds seem to win more frequently.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some £74million is still unclaimed in NS&I Premium Bonds dating from the 1950s to 2022. Winners may have missed notifications from NS&I if they have moved house. There’s no time limit to claim and savers can check past bond numbers on the NS&I prize checker website. The next Premium Bonds prize draw is expected to take place on Wednesday June 1.