Coronation Street star Jennie McAlpine has been at the heart of the ITV soap since 2001 and has dealt with her fair share of troubles when it comes to men. For many years, Fiz and Tyrone (played by Alan Halsall) were one of Weatherfield's iconic couples and seemed to be in it for the long haul. However, in 2021 ITV bosses infuriated viewers when they split the couple apart after Tyrone entered into an affair with newcomer Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu), which left Fiz heartbroken. Jennie has since opened up about their split and revealed she was "gutted" when she first read the scripts. Speaking about how she felt when she first found out about Tyrone's affair and if she has enjoyed where the story has gone, Jennie told press, including Express.co.uk: "We were gutted. "When they said it, we were right in the middle of the pandemic, and they said they were going to split Fiz and Tyrone, gutted. "Because he is my comfort blanket when I come to work, to be with the Dobbs and the kids and Alan, but I have loved it. "We have got to do even more scenes together than we have in some years we have been a couple, so yeah, it has been great." READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Touching on whether she thinks Fiz would ever go back to Tyrone if things didn't work with new boyfriend, Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna), Jennie exclaimed: "I've said this before, would she go back to him? "Yes, she would in a heartbeat, but to the Tyrone that was pre-Alina, that didn't do that to her and didn't break her heart. "But it's a thing that she can't get over, so yes, she could go back if he hadn't done it, but she can't. "She can't get over what he did to her and her family, he tore it apart, and that is where we are stuck." Fiz and Tyrone dated for a little while when she first appeared on the cobbles, but she soon found long-term love with Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment). After their romantic relationship broke down, Fiz and Tyrone reunited in 2013 and moved in with one another, where they formed their family. Tyrone and Fiz were living the perfect life with their two daughters Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan), and Tyrone's daughter Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi), from his relationship with Kirsty Soames (Natalie Gumede). During their relationship, the couple dealt with Hope's cancer diagnosis in 2015 and the machinations of Hope's half-sister Jade Rowan (Lottie Henshall) in 2020. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Alya Nazir pregnant with Ryan's baby [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne makes plans to leave cobbles [WATCH] They split up in 2021 after Tyrone fell for the much younger Alina Pop, and were soon expecting a baby together. However, their fairytale fell apart when Hope burned down their home with Alina inside and she ended up losing their baby. Alina soon found out that Tyrone had hidden Hope's pyromania from her and ended up leaving him and returning home to Romania. After getting over the heartbreak of Tyrone, Fiz has since been in a relationship with Phill Whittaker and has recently moved away from the cobbles with him and the girls. In upcoming scenes, Fiz's perfect life she thinks she has finally found comes crashing down when a dark secret of Phill's is exposed. Phill has some information about John Stape (Graeme Hawley) on his laptop, and when she borrows the computer, she stumbles across the truth about her father. She decides to take revenge and climbs onto a digger, which is parked at the front of their house and swings the digger's arm into his car. Could the revelation to Hope be the start of Fiz and Phill's relationship breakdown? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.