Arsenal have reportedly insisted that claims of a transfer agreement with Scotland teenage ace Aaron Hickey are ‘not true’. Bologna defender Hickey is in-demand ahead of the summer window but it appears he will not be heading to the Emirates Stadium. It was widely reported on Monday that Arsenal had struck an agreement with the 19-year-old. However, they have now distanced themselves from those claims. Hickey joined Bologna from Hearts in September 2020 and has enjoyed a successful two seasons in Italy. The wing-back has played 47 times for the club, including 35 Serie A games this season. Several clubs have been linked with a switch for the twice-capped Scotland international. Arsenal’s Premier League rivals Newcastle and Brentford have been mooted as potential destinations for the player. JUST IN: Gary Lineker mocks Arsenal with Tottenham dig after Newcastle defeat But Arsenal have distanced themselves from a reported deal, according to The Times. It had been speculated this week that the Gunners had agreed on a deal worth around £21million for Hickey, but the north Londoners have now denied that as ‘not true’. Hearts are set to earn a big fee for their former player when he eventually leaves Bologna. He joined the Italian outfit for a miniscule £1.5m fee in 2020 but the Scottish Premiership side are understood to have a sizeable sell-on clause. Hickey - who can play both sides at full-back - made his Hearts debut at 16 and went on to make 34 appearances for the club before earning a move to Italy. Bayern Munich and Celtic were also credited with an interest at the time of his transfer. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan wants Mikel Arteta to be fired after Newcastle lossArsenal handed blow in Dybala pursuit due to Juventus star's demandsGary Neville hits back at Arsenal star Granit Xhaka after interview Arsenal are set for another big-spending summer after backing Mikel Arteta to continue rebuilding the club. The Spanish head coach signed a contract extension earlier in May but has seen the club’s Champions League hopes slip away in the interim. Defeats by Tottenham and Newcastle in their last two fixtures have seen Spurs leapfrog them into the top four. The Gunners trail their north London rivals by two points. Goal difference effectively means that Arsenal will require already-relegated Norwich to beat in-form Spurs on the final weekend of the Premier League season, while Arteta’s side must win at home to Everton. Given their performance in Monday’s 2-0 defeat by Newcastle, it will require a drastic turnaround in form to overcome an Everton side who themselves are battling to stay in the division.