With the Metropolitan Police drawing their involvement in the so-called Partygate to an end the fact that the Prime Minister had merely one fine for what many consider to be a very minor issue surely draws a line under the whole issue. Even if he is heavily criticised in the Sue Gray report the scorecard will be taken from the Met’s actions. But now the focus falls heavily on to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Starmer may have committed the most astonishing act of political suicide in recent history in British politics. And the bar has been set quite high in that regard in a Parliament beset by scandals. For months the Labour leader has blethered on about the Prime Minister being a criminal, claiming he was a liar and demanding he be forcefully removed for just being investigated by the police. Now we know that the incident on April 30 2021 in Durham which he is being investigated over is a much more serious issue. It is also one where Labour on four occasions failed to tell the truth about. If the Prime Minister had done that then Labour would have accused him of being a “liar”, people must make their own assessment of whether that word applies to Labour here. Let us look first at the only offence by the Prime Minister which was deemed to be worthy of a fine. It was his birthday, he was in a place of work about to have a work meeting and was given a slice of cake to celebrate beforehand. Chancellor Rishi Sunak also picked up a fine for turning up to the same meeting five minutes earlier. There have been various briefings that fines over more serious issues would come. Well they haven’t and frankly most reasonable people think neither the Prime Minister nor the Chancellor should have received one for the cake. READ MORE: Now EU sets out new plot for border row  But let’s look at his prime accuser - the Labour leader. Starmer was involved in an event where more than £200 of curry was consumed and washed down with bottles of beer. Then we get on to the failure to tell the truth about the event. First Labour said his deputy Angela Rayner was not there, then admitted she was. Second, they said it was impromptu then a memo appeared which showed it was preplanned. Third, they said it was a work meeting and people carried on working after. Then it turned out they didn’t. Fourth, Starmer himself said six people were there, then corrected it to 15 and now we know 20 people have received questionnaires. DON'T MISS Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [INSIGHT] Partygate over: Boris will receive NO additional fines [REVEAL] Starmer renews calls for Johnson to quit after Met issues 128 fines [REACT] Loyalist Tory MPs argue, not unreasonably, that given the low bar to be set over the cake incident in the Cabinet Room for fines it seems hard to see how he and others present could escape one although the police have to be allowed to follow due process and decide. Starmer though has said he will resign if fined and even if he is found to have done something wrong (although on that second point the Labour press office has tried to clarify that he might not). Today he is flailing around pointing to a total of 128 Downing Street fines but it is hard to escape that only one of them was for the Prime Minister. The reality is that now the Met’s work is done the Prime Minister is going nowhere on this issue. Tory MPs may try to ditch him over policies but not a scandal. It's a piece of cake for Boris. That is not the case for Starmer. His political career appears to be drowning in the beer he drank on the standards he himself set for public life. This was a man who branded the Prime Minister "a criminal" for the equivalent of a speeding ticket. All of it was unavoidable and poor political strategy from a man who had little else of interest to say particularly on policy. It means the leadership contest everyone has been talking about for months may not be to replace Johnson but instead in Labour to replace Starmer.