The latest season of NCIS: Los Angeles will be returning for its milestone 300th episode this Sunday after the CBS drama’s exhilarating two-parter over the weekend. In the next heart-stopping case for the NCIS task force, Devin Roundtree (played by Caleb Castille) and Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) have their lives threatened by a potential terrorist attack. Agents Devin and Fatima are caught in a life-threatening explosion in the next episode of NCIS: LA, Work and Family. In the NCIS spin-off’s 300th episode, the entire team are on the case after a terrorist attack goes wrong. G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and his agents investigate a military base in the latest promo, ending in shocking ramifications for the team. At the start of the trailer, Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) is told: “It looks like an insurgent training ground.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked Afterwards, Callen is shown behind cover while Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) yells “Pull back, this thing could be booby-trapped!” from the LA office. Meanwhile, Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) watch from afar, but Devin and Fatima are a little too close for comfort. As Fatima screams “No!” after apparently getting a disturbing phone call, a wide-eyed Devin turns in surprise. The teaser then cuts to an earth-shattering explosion from a nearby trailer, which throws the two agents to the ground. While they will hopefully escape the blast unscathed, there’s a chance one or both of the agents could be put out of action for some time. Then again, this is the 300th episode of the series, so fans should be on guard for a game-changing twist. A trip to the hospital is the most likely outcome, but could the explosion result in another surprising death in the team? Both Devin and Fatima are relatively new additions to the cast, but there’s still a possibility one of them could be about to make a fiery departure from the popular action series. DON'T MISS:Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn ‘quits Oppenheim Group’ [LATEST]Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco pays teary tribute to co-star [INTERVIEW]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT] The synopsis for Work and Family reads: “NCIS investigates after two men are blown up by their own explosives while attempting to break into a military base. “Callen wants to take the next step with Anna; Sam moves in with his father.” While the agents take on one of their riskiest assignments yet, Callen is still trying to convince his girlfriend Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) to move in with him. In her previous appearance, Anna shocked Callen by announcing she had decided to lay low with her father, Arkady Kolcheck (Vyto Ruginis), despite signing off on their own place. Elsewhere, Sam is about to make a life-changing move of his own after selling his houseboat. This Sunday night’s episode will also be the first time the agent’s father, Raymond, will be introduced, portrayed by guest star Richard Gant. With some massive decisions for the two lead agents and Devin and Fatima’s fates up in the air, NCIS: LA’s next outing will undoubtedly prove it’s still as unmissable as ever 300 episodes in. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.