An extra £1,500 a month would add £18,000 to your earnings yearly, a huge sum of money. One British woman - and a money saving expert - explained how she does it. Dr. Nikki Ramskill is the only doctor in the top 10 personal finance blogs in the UK with The Female Money Coach. She has 13 years of experience in the NHS as a women's health specialist and has seen the impact of poor money management on the mental health of her patients. Nikki is a trained money coach and award-winning personal finance blogger and shares her tips on her Instagram @femalemoneydoc. She uses her coaching know-how to create her side hustle, and has had lots of success. Nikki said: "Coaching is my main side-hustle, and I'm aiming to have this as my main source of income. "I earn around £1,000 to £1,500 a month doing this at the moment. Coaching is both 1 to 1 and group work." READ MORE: 'How I throw my kids' cheap birthday parties' - mum spends just £50 on children's party The money expert had a clever plan to create some passive income. Passive income is a particular type of income that comes from little or no work. It includes investments such as stocks and shares or properties. Nikki but her knowledge to work in this area too. She said: "I also have a money planner that adds to this pot of money, and this is variable because it is a "passive" income product, so I don't have to do anything when someone buys this. DON'T MISSGenius money saving rules to save on food shopping [EXPERT] Woman who paid off £20k debt details savings rules [REAL LIFE] Mum's money saving rules to save £1,560 a year on food [HACKS] "The planner is automatically packed and shipped for me. "I still need to market my business, and I've spent most of my revenue on building it up and working on my own personal development, so it doesn't bring me much as an income yet, but it will." Nikki highlighted the time and effort she has put into her side hustle, emphasising it is not a get-rich-quick scheme. She said: "I've been doing this for nearly five years now. "It definitely takes time and dedication! This is the thing about starting a side-hustle - it needs time and persistence. "It doesn't necessarily happen overnight, and you still need to put the work in. "Don't be fooled by the 'get rich quick for minimum effort' advice out there; it doesn't exist." So, what styles of passive income are there out there?  