Former Real Madrid president Ramon Calderon has explained how he completed the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo in 2009 and was able to avoid a Kylian Mbappe-like U-turn. Calderon was in charge at the Spanish giant when Ronaldo made his £80million move from Manchester United and believes that current boss Florentino Perez should have had something official signed from Mbappe. Calderon told Sky Sports News: “I think maybe he was too confident about that, and he didn’t sign anything. I don’t know why, maybe it’s because he thought that the player was going to come. "I didn’t do that in the case of Cristiano Ronaldo, I thought it was good to have some sort of document signed and we could do that, he could do that with Mbappe. “He didn’t and then I don’t think we can talk about any betrayal, just that the player decided to stay. The problem was for many months the journalists were saying it was a done deal, it wasn’t. That has been the problem. They gave details about the interaction, the time and details but we have a very strong team already, this is not the end of the world. “Fans are disappointed because they thought he was going to come. He didn’t and that’s it, we have a very strong team already of great players. "We have always tried to get the best players in the world in the past 20 years with Figo, Zidane, Beckham, Hazard, Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo all of them come here because they like it. It is a club that attracts the attention of many of them, they can get personal awards and collective ones. For sure we will be able to sign players, who I don’t know I can’t tell you but for sure there will be players coming in for next season." Real Madrid will not be able to use the bounce of Mbappe’s transfer to give them momentum ahead of their Champions League final with Liverpool on Saturday. Los Blancos will be going for their 14th European Cup wins, while the Reds will be hoping to claim their seventh win. Calderon became the 16th president of Real Madrid and was in charge from his appointment in 2006 until he left in 2009, and also took another United star to Madrid during his time at the club in Ruud van Nistelrooy, and during his time in charge signed Ballon d’Or winner Fabio Cannavaro. Real Madrid did not win the Champions League during Calderon’s time at the club, but his signing of Ronaldo from United has gone down as one of the most successful transfers of all time, with the Portuguese forward becoming the club’s all-time top scorer and won four Ballon d’Or awards during his time in Madrid.