New monkeypox cases are being detected on a daily basis as the infection continues to spread. The latest guidance shares that close contacts of cases with the highest risk of exposure should self-isolate for 21 days. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, Doctor Chris reassured the public about the virus not being "deadly" and named the tell-tale signs to watch out for. While monkeypox is characterised by a “traumatic” rash, the TV doctor explained that one of the characteristic warning signs is large glands. This swelling can appear in your neck, armpits and groin, the doctor detailed. According to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), swollen lymph nodes are the key feature that helps to distinguish monkeypox from smallpox. It explains that swollen glands might be localised or crop up in several different areas across your body. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: Can you smell that? The warning sign that shows up on the loo Apart from large glands, Doctor Chris added other symptoms which could indicate monkeypox. He listed signs including: Detailing the characteristic rash, he said: “It does look quite traumatic.” The NHS notes that rash usually pops up one to five days after the first symptoms appear. It tends to begin on your face and then gradually spread to other parts of your body.  When it comes to its appearance, the health service explains that monkeypox rash first starts as raised spots. These then turn into small blisters filled with fluid. Eventually, these blisters start to form scabs which will fall off later on. If you experience symptoms of monkeypox, you’re advised to contact your GP or 111 and stay at home while avoiding close contact with others. Doctor Chris added: “As the name suggests, it’s from the pox group of viruses. We know about chickenpox and smallpox. “This monkeypox is present in monkeys from West Africa. Also rodents, rats, mice and squirrels. And the disease - monkeypox - is endemic in West Africa. “Five weeks ago, there were people, who’ve been to West Africa and travelled away to other countries, started developing the symptoms of monkeypox. “And since then, cases have arrived in patients, who have been nowhere near West Africa.  "We now know it’s actually travelling from person to person in the community but it’s not highly infectious and it’s not deadly.” The doctor also shared good news. He explained that if you’ve received a smallpox jab as a child, this could still offer protection. Doctor Chris added: “Everybody over the age of 50 has been vaccinated against smallpox. “And the smallpox vaccine protects you very highly against monkeypox.”