Manchester City have been told they have saved £99million by activating Erling Haaland's release clause as former star Micah Richards hailed the 'statement' signing. Haaland will move to the Etihad Stadium at the end of the season after City announced they would pay Borussia Dortmund his £51.1m release clause earlier this week. The Norwegian is widely regarded as one of the world's best strikers, following a stunning two-year spell in Dortmund. And Richards believes that City have saved nearly £100m, with Haaland likely valued at far more than his release clause. "I am very excited. We talk about a young player, yes he is brilliant at we can do but they got him for £51 million. This is what people need to understand, he is probably worth £150 million in today’s market, especially with so many teams interested in him as well," Richards told Sky Sports. "For him to come to Manchester City, is a massive statement to say how well they are doing with their recruitment. The bigger teams in Europe would have paid his wages if they had paid the £51 million, so it is swings and roundabouts because they could have paid £150 million for him and paid him less money, but they have got him for £51 million." READ MORE: Guardiola fires Haaland message to Liverpool after Wolves win Richards is also delighted to have seen City beat competition from Real Madrid, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain to sign the striker. And he hailed City for completing the "massive coup" of bringing him to the Premier League. "It all adds up, but the thing is about (Erling) Haaland, when we talk about this calibre of player, yes he is one of the best players in the world at his age, his numbers are there to see, but imagine him playing in his Manchester City side," he added. DON'T MISS: Liverpool told to react to Haaland deal with their own mega signing (INSIGHT)Man City's Haaland deal may spark transfer merry-go-round with 7 deals (TRANSFERS)Man City's Erling Haaland deal draws comical post by Aymeric Laporte (NEWS) "Yes, people say okay his hold up play is not on the same level as what Manchester City are used to right now, but goals at that second post, just when you need something, a plan B, he is always going to add something different. "People always talk and say Manchester City need a striker, they have one now. Yes, they tried to get Harry Kane, but they managed to get a 21-year-old for probably half of the price. It is a massive coup for Manchester City and I am not only excited for them, but it is exciting for the league to have one of the worlds best players coming to play in the Premier League."