Boris Johnson struggled to explain the vital Conservative failure to deliver the high-wage job economy the party promised.  In an interview with Sky News, the Prime Minister came under fire for the rising inflation within the UK and the drastic cost of living crisis. The Sky correspondent said:  “The issue on the doorstep was about the cost of living and just yesterday the Bank of England said we are facing ten percent inflation, a recession - that’s all coming down the track.    “What is not coming down the track is your high wage, high job economy - what’s coming down the track is much more pain for people." Mr Johnson replied: “I think that is completely right and I think that’s the lesson we all need to take. “What’s going on right now is the global economy - you’ve seen inflation spiking in the US, in Europe and in Australia and New Zealand, it’s driven by the cost of energy. He argued: “That’s the thing that we’ve got to focus on.” The Sky News reporter however hit back: "You say you're going to help people with the costs but that's not coming down the tracks.  "What's coming down the tracks is recession and 10 percent. That's going to erode everybody's spending power. "But what you could do now, you say you're going to help with energy costs, one thing you could do is a windfall tax. We saw Shell with massive profits. Why don't you do that?" Boris Johnson conceded to the historic failure of the UK Government: “For decades we’ve failed to invest sufficiently  in UK domestic energy security.” “We let our nuclear energy completely collapse,” confirmed the Prime Minister. Read more: Speculation mounts over whether Bank of England will hike rates again He continued: “We haven't done enough to put in renewables in the way that we can, put in more wind at the pace and the scale that we can, so that's where we want to go.” Boris Johnson switched his defence to focus on the impact coronavirus across the UK economy and job market. He said: “I’m not going to pretend to you that there isn’t going to be a difficult period as we come through the aftershocks of Covid. “This government is absolutely determined to keep going with every ounce of compassion and ingenuity that we have.” “Get people through the economic aftershocks, help people with the costs, but make sure that we address these supply-side issues, particularly energy, in order for the economy to keep growing.” Don't miss: Ferrari stunned as he slams attempt to defend Tory poll performance [REVEAL]Kay Burley erupts as Dowden scrambles to defend party results [INSIGHT]Lib Dems tease Boris after snatching Tory seats in Eastleigh [REPORT] “Our solution is a high-wage, high-skilled economy.” The Tory leader remained adamant the energy supply issues would be addressed and a strengthened economy and lucrative job market would be delivered under his leadership. The Sky News reporter hit back: “But that’s not coming down the track - what’s coming down the track is rescission and ten percent inflation, that’s going to erode everybody’s spending power." The correspondent suggested the Government impose a windfall tax as an emergency measure to address the surging energy costs and rising price of living. Boris Johnson continued to insist a windfall tax would not offer a permanent solution to inflation or the issue of energy resources within the UK. The Tory leader warned a windfall tax on energy giants could prevent investment in essential sustainable domestic energy infrastructure for the nation.