In England, residents are able to receive this “freebie” benefit once they reach the state pension age, which is 66. However, the Government looks set to raise the age threshold for receiving the state pension in the next couple of years. As a result of this, over 60s in the UK will have to wait longer to claim their state pension sum and free bus pass. Under current Government plans, the state pension age will rise from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028. Another hike to the retirement age threshold is expected sometime before 2048 at the latest. These changes are based on the Government’s expectations regarding life expectancy in the UK. However, these estimates are subject to changes in the wider world so the state pension age may be raised at different dates than expected. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years It should be noted that access to the free bus pass varies depending on where you live in the UK. For example, residents in Scotland and Wales are able to receive the benefit once they turn 60 as opposed to the state pension age. People looking to apply for the free bus pass can check their eligibility and begin the process by logging into the Government’s website. Applicants are able to enter their postcode address onto the ‘Apply for an older person's bus pass’ webpage. Once this is done, the applicant will be shown the contact details for their local council or authority which is responsible for administering the bus pass. Residents in England and Wales can complete this task on the same gov.uk webpage. Applicants who live in Scotland and Northern Ireland can be directed to different sites to get this information. Local council procedures for handing out the free bus pass will be different depending on your authority. For those who will have to wait longer for the free bus pass, charities such as Age UK provide insight on alternative cheap travel for pensioners. On its website, the charity stated: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” Outside of the free bus pass, over 60s are able to claim the Senior Railcard which offers discounts on train travel. According to the railcard website, the concession could save a pensioner £98 a year on average. Additionally, those who live in London who are of the state pension will be eligible for the Freedom Pass. This pass offers free or discounted travel across London’s travel network, including trains, buses and trams.