Lydia (played by Karen Blick) has been a cleaner at Home Farm for many years and during this time, she has become good friends with Emmerdale villain Kim (Claire King). The beloved villager was elated when she discovered her boss was going to marry Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) as she thought they were the perfect match together. However, following recent scenes on the ITV soap, she could begin to think the ruthless businesswoman is having an affair and there could be some serious consequences for her as a result. At the beginning of the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama, Kim asked the cleaner where Will had got to, dropping the first hint to Lydia she seemed to be hiding something. "He said he had some jobs to do," the cleaner replied, before asking the businesswoman if she was ok as she seemed a bit on edge. Kim assured her everything was fine but she had a shock announcement for her employee, one which she would never usually make. "Why don't you head off early?" she asked, dropping yet another hint she wanted Home Farm to herself for a couple of hours. "Why? Has something happened?" Lydia inquired, with Kim telling her: "Can't I just be a nice boss and give you a cheeky half a day off?" READ MORE: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge "Well, I thought you wanted me to dust the skirting boards," Lydia said, clearly trying to figure out why she was being asked to leave. "I didn't mean immediately. Whenever you have time later in the week," Kim explained as she continued her uncharacteristic tone. "You work hard Lydia and you deserve a break sometimes," the Home Farm owner added, to which Lydia replied: "Well, I'm not going to argue with that, am I?" As the cleaner left for the day, it turned out Kim had arranged the afternoon off with Sam Dingle (James Hooton), who wanted his wife to have some time off work. Kim admitted it wasn't like her to do this but she liked Lydia and was willing to help her receive some happiness. By the end of the episode, Lydia had made the most of her half a day off as she and her husband went for some lunch at the Woolpack. She had already offended him, however, as she wasn't too impressed with the caravan he had bought for her and was planning on renovating. Lydia didn't realise it was for her, hence why she slated it and she told her husband after their lunch she was looking forward to them having their next day off travelling about in their caravan. However, as she starts to think about how random Kim's suggestion of half a day off was in the first place, her mind could run wild. Analysing what her boss said, Lydia could put the pieces of the jigsaw together and realise Kim could be having an affair. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES] Not wanting to confront Kim about her theories, knowing she might make an enemy of the village villain, Lydia could just quit her job as a cleaner instead. She would be completely wrong and Kim would be confused as to why one of her best employees has decided to throw in the towel. Believing she is right about the affair, Lydia couldn't, in her heart of hearts, work for Kim if she is betraying Will. Having worked at Home Farm for a few years, Lydia will have also grown quite accustomed to seeing Will and hearing about his day. Lydia could see him as a genuinely nice man so she wouldn't understand why Kim would be having an affair behind his back. As she learns she was very wrong about her suspicions in the coming weeks and months, the beloved villager could try and get her job back. Kim is not one to give second chances very often and given how Lydia did not give her an explanation as to why she was quitting, she could refuse to employ her again. Will Lydia's dreams of getting a new, plush caravan be destroyed and will she have to settle for the one Sam has renovated for her? The actress who plays Kim, Claire, has previously spoken out about her character's friendship with Lydia. Claire explained: "There is a nicer side because she's feeling so vulnerable and [she has formed] a good friendship with Lydia." "Lydia has got her own worries and Kim helps with that," Claire added. "They have a respect for each other – they're similar women even though they're poles apart. They're very loyal, family means everything to them and they'll fight tooth and nail for their families. "I think there's a trust between Kim and Lydia and until either of them breaks it, it's nice to have that genuine friendship." Could Lydia's suspicions about a fictitious affair bring about the end of her friendship with Kim? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.