Social media user John Patterson tweeted Barclays bank this month regarding a text message he had received and believed to be a scam. Mr Patterson attached an image of the message to the tweet and noted that it was similar to another message he had previously received, which claimed to be from NatWest, back in February.  The message, claiming to be from Barclays, read: "Barclays Here, your Debit Card has been blocked. Did you use your card for £103.00? If yes, reply yes. If no call XXX or XXX." Mr Patterson tweeted Barclays saying that he "assumed this is a scam" as the wording was and amount was "allegedly" from Natwest. Barclays responded to Mr Patterson confirming that the text was not genuine and highlighted that it never asks a customer to ring a number or click on a link in a message. The bank's response read: "This is not a genuine text as we would never ask you to ring a number or click on a link in a text message so it's great that you've been vigilant!" READ MORE: State pension payments set to change next month - are you affected?  Barclays asked for Mr Patterson to forward the tweet to their internet security team. High street banks will ask for those who believe they have been contacted by a scammer imitating the bank to report the scam to their security team as well as Action Fraud. On its website Barclays has listed eight things that it will never do. This includes asking people to transfer money out of their account to keep it safe or to protect themselves from fraud, asking them to help with an internal investigation, or asking them to provide them with their PIN, PINsentry code or activation code or banking passwords. It also reiterates that it will not object with a customer checking that communication from the bank is genuine stating: "We'll be pleased you're vigilant."  Last month, HSBC issued a fresh warning to its customers regarding phone scams which were potentially taking place at the time. In a tweet the bank said: “Anyone can call you pretending to be from a bank or a trusted service. “If a caller asks you to transfer any of your money to a ‘safe account’ hang up the phone. It’s a scam.” Bank scams are now commonplace in the UK with research from Ocean Finance revealing that in 2021 there were 28,943 cybercrimes recorded which averaged out at 79 per day.  The research also found that on average, Brits are losing £431 per cybercrime incident, which is the highest number recorded to date. This value more than doubled in the last three years rising by 117.6 percent since 2019. Ocean Finance also highlights the easiest tips and tricks Britons can follow to stay safe and protect themselves from potential cyber scams. These include: Don’t interact with emails and texts from unknown senders as this is one of the easiest ways people can gain access to personal information, such as phone numbers and emails, which can then lead to scams.  Use two-factor authentication. Many sites now offer this as it adds another level of security when people log in to an account and can help protect personal information from being exposed to fraudsters. Use strong, randomised and unique passwords for each account. This has been around for years however, ensuring strong and different emails for all accounts and is the easiest way to prevent hackers from gaining access to personal details. Keep computer software and apps up to date as outdated versions are more likely to be susceptible to cybercrime. When in doubt, contact the company directly. Banks and businesses will be able to confirm whether a text, phone call or email is legitimate and can direct people in the right direction for help. 