The troops, many badly injured, got safe passage from the battered plant after heroically stalling the invaders' advance. Now they are in Moscow's hands amid fears about their fate after death threats. The brave marines had been holed up in tunnels below the Azovstal steelworks, fending off repeated attacks, in the vital port city for more than three months. Hundreds more remain beneath the plant - many injured - the Ukraine military said. Negotiations would continue to ensure their safe release but the "combat mission" was over, military chiefs added. Ukraine's Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Maliar said 53 badly-wounded soldiers were taken to Novoazovsk, a town held by Russian-backed rebels. She said another 211 were evacuated using a humanitarian corridor to Olenivka - another Moscow-held town near Donetsk. The Kremlin earlier confirmed a deal had been reached to evacuate the injured troops in exchange for captured Russian soldiers. However, Russian spokesman Dmitry Peskov then declined to say whether the Ukrainian soldiers would be treated as war criminals or as prisoners of war. He said: "Putin has guaranteed that they will be treated in line with the relevant international laws." In the Russian parliament, Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin said those evacuated should not be subject to exchange. And lawmaker Leonid Slutsky said the death penalty should be considered for captured fighters from the Azov regiment, which has far-Right origins. President Zelensky called for his country's troops to be treated well. In a clear message to Putin, he stressed: "Ukraine needs its heroes alive." However, he cautioned the Ukrainian soldiers may not be freed immediately and warned that ne the req time tary sa sion w s pl negotiations over their release would require "delicacy and time". While the military said the combat mission was over, other Ukrainian sources warned that the siege at the plant might go on.  Oleksandr Danylyuk, a former Ukrainian national security chief and finance minister, now serving as an officer in the army, warned: "It's a relief, but it's not the end." The Ukrainian military lauded every one of the fighters who had defended the Azovstal steel plant for months in inhuman conditions, calling them "heroes of our time" and said that they would be remembered for ever. Kyiv said the plant's defenders had forced Russia to keep around 20,000 troops in Mariupol, preventing them from capturing other areas. The strategically important port - a gateway to the Black Sea and a prime target for Putin - came under massive Russian bombardment early in the war. Taking the city would have allowed Russia to bridge the Crimean region, which had already been annexed by Russia, and the Donbas region, which is led by pro-Russian separatists. The heroic last stand at Azovstal in Mariupol gave Ukraine "the opportunity to prepare and create the defensive frontiers on which our troops are still present today and give a decent counterpoint to the aggressor", said Ukraine's general staff of the armed forces in a Facebook update. The general staff added: "We got the critically needed time to build reserves, regroup forces and get help from partners. "Maintaining their positions at Azovstal, they did not allow the opponent to shift the grouping of up to 17 battalion tactical groups (about 20,000 personnel) to other directions. Thereby they hindered the implementation of the plan for the rapid capture of Zaporizhzhia."  Hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers - mainly from the Azov regiment, but some also from the national guard, police and territorial defence units - as well as civilians, have been at the site since Russian troops encircled the southern city in early March. The four-square mile complex has a maze of tunnels designed to survive a nuclear war. Last month, a frustrated Putin called off a planned assault, citing fears of high Russian casualties. It is not yet clear how many people remain in the bunkers but it is thought to be hundreds. However, Ukraine said their position had become untenable after it became "impossible to unblock Azovstal by military means". Meanwhile, the Azov regiment appeared to confirm its fighters had agreed to lay down their arms. Commander Lt Col Denis Prokopenko said his priority was saving "as many lives of personnel as possible". 