Manchester United are set to save £50million annually by offloading six first-team players on free transfers this summer. United will slash their wage bill at the start of Erik ten Hag's rebuild at Old Trafford and are expected to return to a transfer strategy to help maximise their backing of the Dutchman. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani will all leave the club when their contracts expire on July 1. And according to the MEN, their impending departures will free up £50m in annual salaries, making United's summer budget all the more flexible. United are approaching the summer transfer window with a 'finite' budget, but haven't settled on a fixed total and will spend within their means, impacted by player sales and other departures. Senior club figures have squashed speculation that they have handed Ten Hag a set kitty. The report claims that agency sources also expect United to try and leave as much space for transfer funds as possible by paying fees in instalments. They used the tactic last summer to complete a £73m deal for Jadon Sancho and £43m move for Raphael Varane. JUST IN: Arsenal win over Leeds may have earned Edu cut-price transfer opening United are understood to be eyeing a centre-back, defensive midfielder and striker as priorities. Ten Hag could also target an upgrade at full-back and may delve into the market for a back-up goalkeeper if Dean Henderson departs Old Trafford on loan or permanently. Ralf Rangnick has also publicly stressed the importance of two forwards, considering Mason Greenwood's absence, Edinson Cavani's exit and Cristiano Ronaldo's age. With that said, and the means in place to maximise activity this summer, there could be as many as six stars coming through the door ahead of next season. READ MORE: Coady gives Liverpool belief by explaining how Wolves can beat City United will undoubtedly lighten their salary output further with player sales. Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Phil Jones, Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Anthony Martial all face uncertain futures and could be cashed in on if Ten Hag deems them surplus to requirements. It promises to be a hectic summer transfer window of incomings and outgoings in M16 on the back of United's worst-ever Premier League season. And movement on that front will likely pick up once the club's top-flight position is confirmed and Ten Hag completes what he will hope is a successful bid for a third successive Dutch Eredivisie title. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.