After its first trip to the streets of Miami, Formula One is back in Europe for the Spanish Grand Prix. Red Bull continues its fightback after a tough start to the season and Ferrari will be looking to get another victory under its belt at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya after back-to-back defeats to the hands of Max Verstappen. It should be a thriller and if you fancy tuning in to all the live action you will need to sign up for a Sky contract with the telly firm continuing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. After losing out to Verstappen in Miami, Leclerc is back on form with him taking a convincing pole position during yesterday's qualifying. Verstappen lines up right behind with Sainz in third and George Russell taking a surprise fourth. Mercedes look more competitive in Spain thanks to a number of upgrades and could be ones to watch out for during the race, "I feel good," said Leclerc after qualifying in pole. "It was a very, very difficult session, especially in Q3 as I did a mistake in the first run and then I only had one lap. "It went extremely well. I had a bit of a moment but I made it stick. It was a very good lap and the car was amazing too, so very, very happy." HOW TO WATCH THE SPANISH GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 12.30pm and the red lights going out at 2pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £9.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the race highlights, but it will be shown a bit later on tonight.