With Trooping the Colour happening on June 2, 2022 and the Jubilee bank holiday happening on June 3, 2022, get a head start by decorating your home with festive bunting. Celebrate the Queen's historic 70 years of service with Jubilee decorations and find everything from traditional to quirky bunting at cheap prices here. Don't hesitate to order quick to get the decorations just in time for the big day. READ MORE: 26 best tea towels, gifts and decorations to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Aldi launches limited edition Jubilee gifts with Kevin the Carrot and Queen toys M&S launches super affordable English fizz for £15 ahead of Jubilee Celebrate her majesty the queen with Union Jack bunting and Amazon is selling this patriotic design for less than £5. With a portrait of the Queen printed with her 70 years on, it'll look great in the kitchen or outdoors. Buy on Amazon (£4.95) M&S is the perfect destination to find Jubilee decorations and the supermarket is selling simple Union Jack themed bunting for the royal occasion. Three meters long and made with cotton, the Union Jack has a pretty floral design and you can continue to use it as decoration for British events. Buy on M&S (£6) For a simple yet patriotic statement, hang the Talking Tables Right Royal organic cotton bunting in your home. It's got the colours of the Union Jack and is completely made from sustainable cotton so that it'll last for years to come. Buy on John Lewis (18) Perfect if you want to instantly decorate your home on a tight budget, this simple set of Jubilee Union Jack Bunting has 10 meters of flags. The cheapest bunting available, it'll look great in any indoor or outdoor space. Buy on Wowcher (£2.99 on sale) Salute the Queen's Jubilee with this crown-shaped bunting which is also perfect to hang outside for the Queen's birthday parade. With a simple design of the crown, it's a great way to celebrate the day. Buy on Amazon (£11.99) Throwback to the 1950s with this vintage-inspired bunting which adds a retro feel to any party. With 15 triangles and 10 metres of ribbon, it's long enough to hang around the whole house. Buy on Amazon (£4.95) Hang up the members of the royal family with this quirky, unique bunting that has portraits of the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince William, Kate Middleton, Camilla, Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Guaranteed to be a conversation starter, make people smile with this bunting. Buy on Etsy (£15.50) Dog lovers will love this sweet bunting which has portraits of the Queen and her beloved corgi on. Handmade and illustrated in the UK, it's the ideal British-made decor for a platinum party. Buy on Etsy (£10 up) This unique bunting has portraits of the Queen wearing hats with an assortment of colours on. Celebrate her elegant sense of style with this decoration and its got 14 different pictures of the Queen. Buy on Amazon (£19.99) With illustrations of Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, tower guards and more, this decorative bunting is great for the jubilee and also celebrates the best of British culture. Fit for any regal celebration, it's a sweet design that also looks artistic. Buy on Etsy (£12)