P&O sparked national outrage in march when it sacked almost 800 members of staff with immediate effect. It terminated the contracts of long-serving, hard-working employees with the plan to replace them with cheaper agency workers.  Because vessels are not based in a particular country, they are not subjected to national laws such as the minimum wage. P&O had been planning to pay agency workers as little as £1.80 an hour for their employment. Ministers warned P&O at the time of the scandal to reverse its decision to hire agency staff on such little play or face being hit with new legislation. After the ferry firm failed to back down, the Government today confirmed its crackdown plans. READ MORE: Boris's energy masterplan scuppered by Brussels– EU still meddling  In the Queen's Speech the Government unveiled its Harbours (Seafarers’ Remuneration) Bill. The legislation, which will be debated and voted on in Parliament in the months ahead aims to protect seafarers working aboard vessels visiting UK ports.  It gives ports the power to refuse access to ferry services that do not pay an equivalent to the National Minimum Wage to seafarers while in UK waters. The National Minimum Wage was increased by 6.6 percent to £9.50 an hour from April 2022. Ministers have already applied the National Minimum Wage to all seafarers working on domestic ferry services and on offshore support vessels serving oil and gas installations in the UK continental shelf. P&O admitted earlier this year that their actions had broken employment law, with staff made redundant without carrying out the necessary consultation with trade unions. DON'T MISS:National Insurance hike TO STAY - Boris and Rishi Sunak snub Tory MPs [UPDATE]Ferry scandal exposes SNP as ‘incompetent, secretive, corrupt’ [REACTION]Queen's state opening: 10 key measures announced [IN DEPTH]  However, MPs and ministers were left dumbfounded when the company arrogantly said that it would take the same action again if given a second chance. Appearing in front of a parliamentary committee on March 24, Chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite said: "I completely throw our hands up, my hands up, that we did choose not to consult. "We did not believe there was any other way to do this. "We weren't viable before, and I know that if we hadn't made radical changes the business would have closed."  The boss, who is paid £325,000 a year, added: "It was our assessment that the change was of such a magnitude that no union would possibly accept our proposal. "I would make the same decision again." Mr Hebblethwaite has since criticised the treatment of P&O, telling a conference last week: "There's an awful lot of misinformation out there. "We have not conducted ourselves on the day, or since, in anything like the way that has been suggested of me and us." 