Manchester United’s new boss Erik ten Hag reportedly agrees with Ralf Rangnick that as many as 10 new signings are needed. However, the Dutchman is reportedly happy to make just three major ones when the transfer window reopens this summer. A big exodus is on the cards at Old Trafford after a nightmare campaign but revamping the squad in just one transfer window, it seems, will be a tall order. Manchester United thought they’d be challenging for the Premier League and Champions League trophies this season, especially after landing Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo during the summer transfer window. But that hasn’t happened with the Red Devils instead enduring a horrendous campaign under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Rangnick, speaking after United were recently battered 4-0 by Liverpool at Anfield, said that the club needed at most 10 signings to change their situation. And the Telegraph say Ten Hag is in agreement with the 63-year-old about the size of the task ahead at Old Trafford. However, it’s also noted the 52-year-old is ready to accept three ‘major’ additions to his squad. And that’s despite United likely to lose many players at the end of the campaign. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata and Lee Grant are all primed to leave on free transfers. Nemanja Matic has already announced he’s departing this summer, five years after he arrived from Chelsea under Jose Mourinho. Cristiano Ronaldo’s future remains uncertain, even though the Portugal international has struck an impressive 24 goals across all competitions this term. Harry Maguire may be offloaded, having failed to achieve consistency under both Rangnick and Solskjaer this term. And there’s question marks hanging over the futures of Alex Telles, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial as well. When a new manager takes charge, United do normally give them big transfer backing - David Moyes aside. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag In 2014, Louis van Gaal arrived with high hopes after the club missed out on appointing Jurgen Klopp. And United then proceeded to snap up Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo, Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw. After Van Gaal, Jose Mourinho was hired. And Mourinho was given the return of Pogba, as well as deals for Eric Bailly, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Under Solskjaer, in his first summer at the helm, United went for just three transfer targets. Daniel James was the first to arrive, with the Wales international touching down from Swansea. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Wan-Bissaka and Maguire then arrived from Crystal Palace and Leicester respectively. Meanwhile, former Chelsea star Tony Cascarino believes Ten Hag should focus on signing players from the Premier League. And he’s named Harry Kane and Wilfried Zaha, who previously flopped at Old Trafford, as players worth chasing. “Erik ten Hag should focus on bringing in players who are already proven this summer, rather than obsessing over potential,” Cascarino told The Times. “The best example of that is Harry Kane – a striker who would be a typical United signing. “Signing Kane depends on whether Tottenham Hotspur fail to make the top four, but United should at least try for the England captain. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “With Erling Haaland seemingly set for Manchester City, Kane’s options if he wants to leave Tottenham are limited. “Kane could provide the kind of lift that Robin van Persie did when he moved to United from Arsenal in 2012 and helped them win the Premier League in Sir Alex Ferguson’s last season in charge. “Other proven top-flight players I would target are Kalvin Phillips at Leeds United and Yves Bissouma at Brighton, either of whom could slot into United’s midfield. “Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha would also be a clever signing for United. “I know it didn’t go according to plan for him during his first spell at Old Trafford but he has matured since leaving and has been playing at a high level for years now – he could provide competition to Jadon Sancho and shouldn’t have any problems with Ten Hag’s system as the Dutchman trusts his wingers. “Ten Hag may also look at poaching Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. The Argentina defender is composed on the ball and has been an ever-present for Ten Hag’s Ajax side this season.”