Colourful plants are an obvious way to add colour to the garden, but they can also come in the form of accessories, furniture and feature containers. Adding colour in other ways is ideal for beginner gardeners or those who don’t have year-round colour in their outdoor spaces. Gardeners’ World said one good way to reinvent a garden is to “brighten boundaries”. They said: “When you add colour to a fence, wall, trellis or shed, you create a backdrop for your plants to help them stand out more. “It can also help to make smaller spaces feel cosy and intimate. “City plots are often a few degrees hotter than surrounding rural areas too, so use warm colours and fences to grow tender, more exotic plants.” When it comes to adding colour in the form of plants, it can be easy to get carried away with pops of lots of different colours. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method However, the experts said to “keep it simple” when picking a planting scheme. They said: “Choose the colours you need to set the mood of your garden and stick with them. “Contrasting colours such as purples and bright greens will create simple harmony and sophistication, while lighter pastel hues and silver foliage will create a feeling of calm.” Planting up pots is not only fun, it can also be a great way to inject colour into outdoor spaces, including small patios. DON'T MISS:DIY warning for wooden pallets as ‘highly toxic’ treatment used [WARNING]‘Household remedy’ to help remove ‘significant dirt’ from ovens [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ hack to get rid of fruit flies [EXPLAINER] The experts explained: “Instant colour can be added at very little cost with the use of colourful seasonal bedding plants. “Plant them in pots and containers or use them to plug gaps in borders when other plants have died down.” “Also incorporate accessories. A few accessories in subtle or statement colours will complete the garden decor. “Choose colours that will complement a dominant flower colour, to help to set the mood. “Cushions, tablecloths, throws, candle holders, outdoor rugs and bunting all add life and character.” Furniture also doesn’t have to be purely functional. Metal chairs and tables, as well as wooden picnic benches, can all “inject colour” too. Gardeners’ World added: “Use contrasting shades to make your outdoor living look and feel that extra bit special. “Go bright on a bistro set or close peaceful and understated pastels to lift and lighten a shady pot.” Homeowners could also paint their patio if they are looking to add a pop of colour. Staining decking is also a great way to enhance coloured foliage and pots. The experts continued: “Don’t overlook the beauty and drama that you find in leaf colour. “Heucheras and heucherellas for example come in a huge range of colours that can pep up borders or containers. “Dark reds contrast well with limes and creams while grey-greens go brilliantly with yellows and purples.”