The parking spot with a garage is in the middle of the picturesque Cornish fishing village Port Isaac seems to have attracted a premium due to the lack of off-street parking available.Advertised with John Bray Estates, the garage comes without water or power but does have an added "spacious" store which measures 5m by 3m. According to the estate agent the listing has already had some viewings from those looking to invest in the village, which is used as a location for shows like Doc Martin. Charlie Hambly, of John Bray Estates who is selling the spot said: "The attached store provides plenty of space for the kind of paraphernalia that accumulates in seaside locations, from small boats, surfboards, and wakeboards to life jackets and wetsuits, the list goes on and on. "Parking and storage are very scarce in the village with many properties having none at all, so this separate garage represents a big problem solver. It’s in a good location, close to the centre of the village. "We had a couple of viewings today, mostly people based in and around Port Isaac who need storage or who own holiday cottages here." READ MORE: Fury over Sadiq Khan’s plans to expand ULEZ across London The owner of a pub in Port Isaac described parking in the village as non-existent, adding that he was not surprised by its selling price, reported Cornwall Live. He said: "There is a main car park and a council park on New Road but it’s not near enough. "It’s a premium and people, especially second-home owners, would pay silly prices.” Last year a parking space in nearby St Ives sold for £45,000 in less than a week. DON'T MISS Driver fined £293 for driving under 60mph on motorway [INSIGHT] Caravan owners at risk of hefty fines when driving in Europe this year [WARNING] Drivers risk huge £5,000 fines for listening to Premier League games [REVEAL] There are two paid-for car parks in the village centre, however the narrow streets make parking an issue. Cornish car parks were last week in the news as Express.co.uk reported on an example charging drivers without them even leaving their cars. The Sea View Car Park in near Padstow, has been fitted with new automated licence plate reading cameras that scan a car’s number plate as soon as it enters. The operator is currently not allowing any leeway between entering and finding a space, meaning many are hit with a £100 fine after leaving when finding the car park is full. The car park, operated by a company called Alliance Parking, has proved so confusing for people that it has led to rising anger in the area - so much so that people have blasted it for being ‘a scam’. Regular user of the car park Hazel Belle Thompson posted on a Facebook group: “It’s camera operated. As soon as you drive in, your car and reg are taken. “I lost a full day’s wages in a parking fine for being 14 minutes over.” One reason for the growing anger comes due to the reportedly confusing nature of the signs at the car park. In a statement to Express.co.uk, Alliance Parking said: "We comply with the existing IPC Code of Practice and the new Private Parking Code of Practice in relation to consideration periods. "Drivers are afforded the time to enter the car park, read the signage, and leave if the car park does not suit their needs. "As such, only those that park and remain at the car park without paying for their stay in full, or park in breach of any of the other terms and conditions will incur a Parking Charge i.e. the act of entering the car park, turning around and leaving will not incur a Parking Charge. "Our aim is for genuine users of the car park to have access to parking which greatly assists local tourism. "Those issued with a Parking Charge have the ability to appeal themselves internally and an external Independent Appeals Service."