The MEN Pride of Manchester Awards, in partnership with TSB, are back and in person to honour the region’s unsung heroes and to celebrate those ordinary people who have done truly extraordinary things. Hosted by actor Kym Marsh, the awards will take place on May 10 at a star-studded event. Ahead of the ceremony, Express.co.uk has a rundown of all the inspirational winners. Erinma founded a local community organisation called CARISMA in 2003, after she witnessed a shooting with her husband Raymond. “A friend of mine was shot and shot right in front of me,” she recalls. “From that night I thought enough is enough, because I didn't want to have to go through that ever again. We needed to get local people to own the problem and concrete action.” She formed CARISMA - Community Alliance for Renewal, Inner South Manchester Area - to work with under-25s across South Manchester and counter the growing gun and gang violence in Moss Side and surrounding neighbourhoods. READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' Lydia has spent decades fostering children. After her own children moved out, she would care for as many as five youngsters at a time in her home in Didsbury and later in Fallowfield. She has given a home to around 300 during 23 years as a foster carer with Manchester City Council. She first became a foster carer when she stepped up to look after the children of a close friend. Lydia cared for the children before they were returned to their mother and she had done such a good job that she was approached by Manchester City Council. "Children are my life," she says. "I looked after children for 23 years as a foster carer, brought up six children, and I will work until I drop with children.” Lydia set up the Gapolunya Foundation, named after her late mother. It opened an orphanage in Nigeria in 2012, with seven children and has grown to 25 children who are all in school. Lydia’s efforts are now supported by a team of trustees in Manchester. They also provide street children with food, shelter, clothing and access to education, support subsistence farmers and provide malaria prevention measures. PixieBelle, nine, has endured four brain operations, lost her hair three times, and has also lost sight in one of her eyes after gruelling chemotherapy treatment. She was diagnosed with pilocytic astrocytoma aged five after her parents took her for an eye test. They had noticed that her right eye was looking slightly to one side. Devastatingly, an MRI scan revealed the rare tumour behind her eye and doctors drew up an 84-week treatment plan. PixieBelle was put on an experimental new medical trial to target her tour directly and now aged nine, the youngster is just one of 60 people worldwide benefiting from the treatment. Determined to give back the family found out the hospital needed a new MRI scanner for children needing brain surgery. Together with friends, a local football club and her school they have raised more than £45,000 towards the fund through various fundraising events. Ruben and Elena, from Warrington, were diagnosed with ADHD when they were six. Their parents Mark and Mercedes, determined to channel their huge energy into something positive, asked the twins if they wanted to help out in their local community. Now aged 11, the children have since carried out dozens of feats and challenges to raise money for several charities. Their fundraising journey began in 2017, when they embarked on a year-long 100km running target to raise money for the Making Waves Appeal at Warrington and Halton Hospital, which has seen a new aquatic-themed outdoor play area created on the children’s ward. That was followed by a 100km trekking campaign in 2019 to help fund a CAMHS Room for the ward. Mark, a firefighter at Manchester Airport, has devoted his life to raising money for others. When his daughter Beth took her own life in March 2020, aged just 17, that mission became personal. Beth was a budding performer, singer and dancer, with a vast friendship group and active social life but when lockdown began Beth saw her life changing. The loss of their daughter devastated the family and their wider community. Through the charity PAPYRUS Prevention of Young Suicide, Mike met two other dads who were grieving the loss of daughters in similar circumstances. Together they came up with a plan to raise awareness, money and to build a remarkable legacy for the daughters they had lost. James Anderson was a successful heating engineer when he came across an elderly customer who had been scammed. The gentleman had been left without heating or hot water by a con artist trying to charge him £5,000 for a new boiler. Incensed, James arranged for his heating to be fixed, and then set out to protect other vulnerable people, and to provide help for those who can’t afford it. He founded community interest company Depher, which provides free or heavily subsidised services to keep people warm and safe. Jane was inspired to set up Salford Survivors after two local women were murdered by their abusive ex-partners. She had grown up in a violent household herself, spending time in shelters and homeless units and was watching history repeat itself within her own family. Jane, 51, had been in a difficult relationship with the father of her five children and was increasingly worried that daughter Hannah was repeating the same pattern. Determined to help her daughter and spurred on by the deaths of Linzi Ashton and Leanne McNuff, Jane set up the Salford Survivor Project in 2013. Liam, 15, has endured two years of gruelling treatment for bone cancer, but despite his own challenges, he is determined to try and help others feel better. The Stalybridge teenager was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a type of bone cancer that had spread to other parts of his body, after suffering knee pain in 2020. After chemotherapy in Manchester, Liam was referred to The Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital in London. At his lowest point, his mouth was so blistered that he couldn’t eat or drink for ten days and he had further surgery to remove nodules from his lungs. Today, he continues to battle through daily and is home-schooling. Tracey and Phil are the driving force behind the initiative which helps children - and now adults - to celebrate reaching milestones or finishing treatment in more than 200 hospitals across the UK. The couple, from Manchester, were moved to action after their then eight-year-old daughter Emma received NHS-funded Proton Beam Therapy for a tumour in Oklahoma in 2013. They saw how American hospitals encouraged patients to ring a bell to mark their final treatment. Inspired by the uplifting effect of ringing the bell for Emma, the family decided to bring the concept to the UK. They wanted to provide comfort and a boost to families, but also to help raise awareness of children’s cancers, highlight patient stories and family experiences, and share information about the signs, symptoms and harsh treatments children have to go through after a cancer diagnosis. PC Toft and PC Snowden, a trainee officer, were first on the scene at the medical centre in Stockport where Michael Brannigan was armed with three kitchen knives and a meat cleaver and threatening to stab staff and patients. PC Snowden says: “It was the first major incident I had attended and but luckily everything just came naturally to me.” Greater Manchester Police Federation Chair Stu Berry said: “This was a dangerous, dynamic and escalating situation and for Alicia in particular it was so soon into her service as a police officer. She deserves high praise for how she handled herself and her actions that day. As does Simon – for both his outstanding police work and how he cared and guided his colleague.” Find out more about the Pride of Manchester Awards 2022: www.prideofbritain.com/manchester