BBQs in the summer are a long held favourite of residents up and down the British Isles. Whether the motive is simply having an outdoors meal with your family or as part of a social gathering, BBQs are a great way for people to get outside and enjoy their garden space. Express.co.uk spoke to a gardening expert to find out how you can make your experience even more exciting. The surroundings for your BBQ can often make a big difference to the overall event. Many households are constantly on the lookout for new ways to jazz up their garden for stay at home meals. Rising levels of inflation and energy bills are making it more difficult for people to justify shelling out on garden luxuries. But with the help of Maureen Barton, founder of Growing Together, Express.co.uk has got you covered for how to spruce up your own backyard ahead of BBQ season.  READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ Ms Barton explained how tiered tower planters, particularly those with strawberries, can make a brilliant and cost-effective addition to your garden. Dotting them around your house saves space, reduces watering, plus it gives you the perfect excuse to recycle old pots. Your bottom tub should measure 50cm and be able to fit nine plants, the gardener added.  Sitting on top, your middle pot will have a circumference of 40cm, holding eight plants, and your top container will fit five plants in a 25cm area. She said: “What could be nicer than having your own home grown strawberries on your patio or picking fresh herbs to add to side dishes?” According to Ms Barton, growing your own salad ingredients and edible flowers can create a “rainbow on a plate”.  DON'T MISS: Family of six sleeping in one room in flat infested with mice [NEWS]Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements [INSIGHT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [ANALYSIS] Radishes and lettuce, as well as edible flowers such as marigold, violets and chives, can all help to produce this effect. She said: “Orange nasturtium flowers and leaves look lovely too, giving a nice peppery flavour. “Radishes take about six weeks from sowing to harvest, salad leaves take around three weeks and you can cut them and they come again, and pea shoots can be eaten in salads after about 10 days. “You can even grow from supermarket dried peas. You can cut them and they come again too.”  Ms Barton also shared an edible flower idea for cold drinks or cocktails which can be frozen in ice cubes for a refreshing beverage. The gardener described how a “lovely blue star” shaped flower known as borage can be used to give added creativity at your BBQs. She added: “Borage seeds are really cheap. Mine cost 50p and it’s an annual flower, which means it only lasts a season, but it will self seed for next year’s cocktails too. “For the perfect cube, half fill and freeze before putting the flower in and refilling to freeze. Fabulous in Prosecco!” To top off your garden for BBQ season, just add some floral bunting or solar fairy lights for when your event moves into the evening. Citronella candles will help to ward off insects and some wild flowers. Flowering houseplants, put together in wooden boxes, will add the finishing touch to your table. 