However, his official position was given as 12th after being given a five-second penalty by race stewards. Whilst trying to hold off the Mercedes man, the two cars made contact with Ocon deemed responsible for the coming together. It appeared somewhat harsh given the wet conditions which caused many drivers to struggle for control during the afternoon. The race had earlier been delayed for over an hour due to torrential downpours, forcing teams into a change of strategy. Neither Ocon nor Hamilton were then helped by being held up by seventh-placed Fernando Alonso, who in an attempt to look after his tyres, caused a backlog of cars behind him. It meant that Ocon was unable to pull five seconds clear of either Valtteri Bottas or Sebastian Vettel, costing him a points finish. JUST IN: Martin Brundle gets sassy with Bridgerton star Simone Ashley's bodyguard at Monaco GP Afterwards, Ocon explained what happened to Sky Sports: "If you want to overtake in Monaco there has to be some kind of contact because there's no space to do so," he said. "Lewis was quicker behind with the other tyres, and we were racing hard for position. "It was fair racing, a bit of contact for sure, but we didn't suffer, any of us." Ocon, 25, also claimed he was told he would not have been penalised had the same incident occurred in 2021, saying: "We were racing well until we got that five-second penalty which is not really justified. So, I'm very frustrated with that because it ruined our result of today's race. But that's how it is. DON'T MISS:Toto Wolff aims sly dig at Fernando Alonso after Lewis Hamilton held up at Monaco GPNico Rosberg calls out Eric Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis HamiltonMartin Brundle threatened to switch off mechanic's wheel gun in grid walk rage  "I went to review it with stewards and they said last year it would have been a racing incident so I don't know what really has changed this year." When pressed further on his comments, he said there was "no reason given" for the apparent change of circumstances. It was Red Bull driver Sergio Perez who eventually took the chequered flag, holding off Carlos Sainz in a thrilling finish. World championship leader Max Verstappen was third, with Charles Leclerc fourth while Hamilton could only finish in eighth.