The top traits deemed essential for a start-up owner to be successful are being hard working (53 percent), motivated (48 percent), and organised (46 percent). And 35 percent believe being willing to take risks is key for running your own business. It also emerged nearly one in three (31 percent) would consider providing financial support to a friend or family member who had an idea for a new business. But 31 percent fear the lack of security and stability if they were to set up their own business, while one in ten (11 percent) wouldn’t want others relying on them. On the plus side, however, four in ten love the idea of being able to work on something they are passionate about. Claudio Gienal, CEO at AXA UK and Ireland, which commissioned the research, said: “Launching your own business is a huge decision, and one that requires courage, self-belief, and drive. “Despite the challenges that face small businesses, the majority of those who have done it believe it’s one of the best decisions they've ever made. “While there are many perceived barriers to going out on your own, the rewards speak for themselves.” Further research of 500 small business owners in the UK (with under nine employees), also commissioned by AXA UK for their Startup Report, found more than a fifth have borrowed cash from a family member to help support the business. But in terms of emotional support, 44 percent rely mostly on their partner, while 19 percent find other entrepreneurs are the people who truly understand them. Alan Sugar was named the entrepreneur most British small business magnates would most like to emulate in terms of success, according to the OnePoll figures. He was closely followed by the world’s richest man, Elon Musk – and then current vice chairman of West Ham, Karren Brady. And the top advice small business owners would give others looking to follow in their footsteps would be to simply believe in themselves – and to learn from their mistakes. It comes as AXA UK this week launches their Startup Angels competition, which is giving six businesses the chance to win £25,000, as well as 12 months business insurance and mentorship from some of Britain’s best entrepreneurs. Claudio Gienal added: “At AXA UK, we recognise the all-consuming nature of going it alone – but with the right support, advice and protection, the opportunities are endless.” Visit here for more advice from UK business owners on start-ups. TOP ADVICE FROM BRITISH SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS: