More than one million people rely on Carer’s Allowance while more than three million depend on Personal Independence Payments (PIP). However, they won’t automatically receive Rishi Sunak’s £650 Cost of Living payout to help people pay soaring energy bills. Millions of people on Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit will receive £650 towards energy bills plus another £400 which doesn't have to be paid back, it was announced yesterday. However this doesn’t stretch to the millions of Britons who rely on PIP and Carer’s Allowance - unless they qualify for another benefit as well despite the fact many are struggling. Money saving expert Martin Lewis raised it with the Chancellor on a Facebook live yesterday pointing out that carers save the British economy £132billion per year. Often they are also earning much less because of their caring responsibilities. READ MORE: Universal Credit recipients urged to see if they can save up to £500 In response, Mr Sunak said they would receive the £650 if they are also on means-tested benefits. He said: "Our existing system is the best guide. “That eight million are on means tested benefits. "This is where the majority of calls were from for help."  DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] The Chancellor continued: “This comes on top of the £400 and likely the £150. "A third of UK households will receive that support. "There will always be other people who need support as well. "We've put some support in place to help those with disability benefits. “The majority of people on carers allowance will get those other things." Meanwhile, half a million carers in the UK are missing out on financial support saving them thousands of pounds. Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income if they are caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week. To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be caring for someone and earning no more than £132 a week. The person they are caring for must be on certain benefits, like Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Attendance Allowance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance might be able to claim Carer’s Credit instead. This is a National Insurance credit to fill up the gaps in one’s record which may impact their state pension. Carers must be between the ages of 16 and state pension age and caring for someone for at least 20 hours per week. To find out whether they could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, Britons can go to Gov.uk.