Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could still end up on the Buckingham Palace balcony, according to Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer. Mr Palmer said that a subtle hint from a royal aide last week suggested another twist to the royal drama. A second balcony moment featuring Harry and Meghan could take place on the final day after the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. This comes after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are no longer working royals, were barred from joining the Queen on Buckingham Palace's balcony for Trooping the Colour. Mr Palmer said this move was "probably a wise decision" given the public mood surrounding the controversial couple. However, he told the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up host Pandora that while the Palace is keeping quiet, "there may be one more balcony moment, if not more". He pointed to the Platinum Jubilee Pageant taking place on the Sunday - the final day of the celebrations. JUST IN: Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim  Mr Palmer said: "The finale will feature Ed Sheeran and other performers and 100 national treasures, as they describe them. "At the end of that, there is something planned, but they are keeping it close to their chest about exactly what will happen. "It's not entirely clear whether the Royal Family will be in a royal box or whether they will go on the balcony "In a briefing last week, a colleague asked if there would there would another balcony moment.  "The royal aide just smiled and nodded his head- which implied yes - but then what he said was non-committal. "So, I wouldn't rule it out completely yet." Harry and Meghan confirmed earlier this month that they would be bringing three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet with them for the Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS: Royal expert casts doubt on Harry's plan to use Jubilee to heal rift [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate's security is 'constant worry' [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine destroys £3m Russian tank with £400 rockets in drone blast [VIDEO]  While absent for Trooping the Colour, non-working family members, including Harry, Meghan, and Andrew, will be invited to Jubilee events including a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. Royal biographer Mr Bower told MailOnline on Friday that Harry and Meghan's return to the UK risks becoming the 'focus' of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. He said: "They have been forced to accept a downgraded role - grouped with all the other VIPs - but are clearly desperate not to be excluded. "If the Palace is not remarkably careful, the Sussexes will milk the celebrations for their own benefit. "Hopefully, the Sussexes will be kept firmly in check to avoid their selfish interests dominating the celebration of the Queen's awe-inspiring service to Britain." 