The single mum who works four days a week and gets Universal Credit to top-up her income spoke about how visits to the supermarket are "painful".  Carly Newman told Sky News: "The supermarket definitely feels painful at the moment. "You sort of get that knot in your tummy every time you think, 'I've got to go to Sainsbury's.' "Just because it's difficult to leave without spending £30 or £40 at a time. "Even though you might have only needed a few bits." READ MORE: Council tax rebate: Full list of UK areas that can expect their £150 The mum told Sky News presenter Kay Burley she feared being priced out of her area. Ms Newman is one of millions of Britons who are struggling to meet the cost of rising food prices and energy bills. The number of people struggling to buy food has risen by more than half in the last three months, according to the Food foundation. Its research into how the cost of living crisis is affecting British families shows 57 percent are struggling. DON'T MISSClaim your state pension right away - step everyone must take at 66 [INSIGHT]Fury as state pension could be axed: ‘Pension is not a benefit!’ [ALERT]Nurse heartbroken after losing £65,000 to scammer [WARNING] Some 7.3 million adults and 2.6 million children have been hit by food poverty during the cost of living crisis. One in seven adults have skipped meals, eaten smaller portions or gone hungry. That's nearly doubled since January and is up from 4.7 million adults in January, the charity claims. The Food Foundation looked at YouGov poll answers from 10,674 adults between April 22 and 29.  While Ms Newman is receiving Universal Credit to top up her income, charities are reminding people to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Britons could be missing out on thousands of pounds per household as £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Millions of people are missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions like Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). What's more, these act as gateway benefits to other freebies like a free TV licence and free prescriptions, helping them make even bigger savings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Another way cash strapped Britons can make savings is to look for online discounts and Yellow Sticker bargains. Thrifty shoppers swear by Yellow Sticker bargains - which is reduced supermarket food that is up to 80 percent cheaper because it’s nearing its shelf date. It’s still fine to eat and can be frozen for a later date. Morrisons worker Al Baker told Express.co.uk that the best time is usually after 7pm - although it’s best to check with local supermarkets as times differ.