Stacey Solomon has shared with her Instagram followers her overwhelming sense of “stress” after she began a puzzle yesterday with her sons at Pickle Cottage yesterday evening. The Loose Women star, 32, said that the process of making the puzzle had taken the family “three hours” and was yet to be finished. Speaking on her Instagram Story, Stacey said: “Whoever said puzzles were relaxing, is lying. I’ve never felt so stressed. “I've had to leave the room. It took us three hours just to do those sides and now I’m sitting here thinking, ‘Why have I started it here on the table?’ Like, ‘What was I thinking?’ Because now we're going to have to finish it on the table. "It's probably going to take weeks. I'm going to have to protect it from the kamikaze that is Rex. “So I will forever be hovering around the table worried that he has lost a piece and if we do by some miracle over the next few months manage to finish the puzzle, then what? READ MORE: Demi rose puts on very busty display as she poses topless in Ibiza “They won’t let me move it, I'm going to have a puzzle table. I can’t stress to you how stressed this puzzle table has made me!” Stacey, who is engaged to EastEnders actor Joe Swash, appeared visibly distressed in the clips as she wore minimal makeup and kept her red hair up in a top knot. The star welcomed her first daughter Rose on her 32nd birthday and is also mum to 13-year-old Zachary, and nine-year-old Leighton in addition to Rex, three. Stacey and Joe are due to tie the knot any day now after almost two years after they got engaged. The Loose Women presenter has been keeping fans updated on social media as she plans her upcoming nuptials to the actor, in a ceremony which will take place in the garden of their £1.2million home, Pickle Cottage. Their wedding has already been delayed after they decided to change venues, and after Stacey became pregnant with daughter, Rose. The couple pushed their wedding back to ensure all of their children would be involved in the special day. She told Cat Deeley on ITV ’s Lorraine last year: "We had the venue and we didn’t know we were going to move here. We saw the house and thought, 'Let’s go for it' DONT MISS:Kirstie Allsopp admits 'greatest regret' as a parent after 'struggles' (PHOTOS)Anna Richardson says she's 'filled with dread' after Sue Perkins split (NEWS)Jo Whiley apologises after cancelling show as she's 'felled' by Covid (LATEST) "Now we’re here, we’d actually like to get married in the garden. We’re trying to see if we can do that. "We don’t know if we’ll be able to get a licence and stuff. "The wedding planning is a bit on halt at the moment. It’s all just come at once, so many of these things have been in the planning for years… I feel so lucky, privileged and grateful and I just think you have to take any opportunity when it comes." Last month Stacey picked her wedding dress from Belfast bridalwear shop Verona Bridalni after trying on numerous designs at Pickle Cottage. The bride-to-be took to Instagram to upload a video of six incredible gowns hanging in her spare room as she tried them on, with her sister Jemma there to give her honest opinion. Alongside snaps of her beaming in the mirror with her sister Jemma, the former X Factor star gushed she "never wanted to forget this feeling" after an emotional day. "Today I Choose My Wedding Dress," she said. "And I never want to forget this feeling… I’ve been putting it off I think because the more I got excited about it the more silly I felt for some reason… "I started feeling really conscious about not being, well I don’t know." "I decided to try my dresses on, at home with just me not making a “thing” of it. But it turns out it felt like the hugest “things” ever,” she wrote with a sobbing emoji.