Sitcom The Other One will be retuning to screens tomorrow night (May 6) on BBC One at 9.30pm. The show first aired in 2020 after a successful pilot in 2017. Express.co.uk takes a look at the cast of the programme and where you may have seen the stars before. Ellie White will be reprising her role as Cathy Walcott, who is left reeling when she learns she might have a secret brother whom she kissed. The Other One is White’s biggest role to date with the actress previously appearing in Channel 4’s Damned, Timewasters, Stath Lets Flats, and The Windsors. White said of her character: “At the end of series one, Cathy is stood up at the altar and decides to go on her honeymoon with her sister instead. “She finds herself getting very intimate with - potentially - her brother, which is where we find her in the second series.” READ MORE: The Other One review: Dead funny daddy issues BAFTA-winning actress Lauren Socha is also back as Cat Walcott as she and Cathy get to know each other and learn they could have another secret sibling. Socha’s best known for her role as teen superhero Kelly in Misfits as well as her role as Anna in Catastrophe. Socha said of Cat: “I always look at Cat - the character - as a little bit naïve and vulnerable at times. With those sorts of characteristics, you are more open (as a person) and more open to finding a normal, loving life with a family. “Family life would have meant the world to her because it’s all she ever wanted. It’s the not the norm for her to have that, so to have that now is just everything.” Veteran star Rebecca Front makes a return as scorned widow Tessa Walcott, who is still coming to terms with her husband’s infidelity and secret family. Front has had a diverse career to date with roles in The Thick of It, Poldark, Doctor Thorne, and Avenue 5 to name a handful of TV projects, She’s also had roles in movies including Transformers: The Last Knight, The Aeronauts, and The Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard. Acclaimed star Siobhan Finneran gives another comedic turn as mistress Marilyn, Cat’s mother. Finneran is no stranger to screens with roles in the likes of Downton Abbey, Happy Valley, The Stranger, and The Loch. According to IMDb, she will next be starring in a short film called Rapture as well as reprising her role as Clare Cartwright on season three of Happy Valley. Rising star Christopher Jeffers plays Callum, who shared a kiss with Cathy after she fled the altar at the end of series one. Callum could well be Cathy and Cat’s secret brother with yet another secret sibling coming out of the woodworks from their father’s philandering ways. Jeffers has appeared in films Rocketman, Eurovision Song Content: The Story of Fire Saga and served as a dancer in Bridgeton and Death on the Nile. The One One is Jeffers’ most prominent role to date as he takes on a main role in the programme. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [NEWS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [VIDEO]TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money [REACTION] Taking on a main role in season two will be Michele Austin as Angela, Callum’s mum and yet another woman who seems to have ended up falling for the charms of Cat and Cathy’s father. Austin has previously starred in This Is Going To Hurt, Dark Heart, The Bill and Meet the Richardsons. Other cast members who could be making a comeback are Amit Shah as Cathy’s jilted fiancé Dr. Marcus Tandell and Simon Greenall as cheating husband Colin Walcott. The Other One series 2 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 9.30pm and the entire series will be available on BBC iPlayer as a boxset