Eamonn Holmes, 62, has now concluded that his “worst interview” throughout his entire TV career was with David Cassidy on This Morning. The infamous interview took place in 2015 when Eamonn and Ruth spoke to David from his home in America. The chat was conducted shortly after the singer had declared himself bankrupt following his divorce from third wife, Sue Shifrin.It became heated very quickly when Eamonn and Ruth probed the singer about his debts.Awkward moments saw David shouting at Ruth “not to interrupt” him and asking the presenters whether they were trying to “rubbish” him.Remembering the explosive moment, Eamonn recalled in a new interview: “I had an altercation with David Cassidy on This Morning. READ MORE:Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture “He was bankrupt in Miami at his home, which was being auctioned that day, and became very abusive towards Ruth.“He lashed out at her. I immediately came to her defence and got quite aggressive with him.  “We locked horns,” the GB News presenter told The Telegraph.Eamonn and Ruth have spoken out about the difficult interview numerous times since it took place. Speaking to The Mirror in 2018, Eamonn revealed that he had spoken to David before they went on air and maintains that he seemed “fine”.He explained: “He was live from Florida, and I spoke to him during the break, and he was fine.  “Then, we went on air and I said, ‘Hello David how are you today?’”David responded: “How am I? How am I? You’re asking me how I am? My house is being sold, I’m great, I'm fantastic,” and Eamonn thought: “What is this all about? DON'T MISSMichael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family[LATEST]Dennis Waterman's cause of death given after secret two-year battle[INSIGHT]Dan Walker bids farewell as BBC co-star leaves[NEWS]  Speaking in November 2021, his brother Shaun Cassidy said it was “terribly hard” watching David struggle with alcoholism.He told Page Six: “I’ve seen it in every family, It’s so painful and nobody really has the right rulebook on how to manage it.“I loved and adored him and he was as funny a guy as you’ll ever meet."