Victorian mystery drama The Essex Serpent is coming to Apple TV+ on May 13 with viewers across the globe able to watch the show. Taking its cue from Sarah Perry’s 2016 book of the same name, The Essex Serpent promises plenty of drama and intrigue as audiences are taken on quite the journey. The show finds the recently widowed Cora Seaborne (played by Claire Danes) arriving in town to delve into the reports of a mythical beast causing chaos. Cora gets more than she bargained for when she encounters the village’s local pastor William Ransome (Tom Hiddleston), who is more skeptical of the stories of the serpent. William assists Cora in her investigations into the creature, which she hopes is a dinosaur who may have escaped extinction. As they try to get through the truth, tragedy strikes and it’s not long before the local people turn on Cora and hold her responsible. Along with Danes and Hiddleston, The Essex Serpent also stars Frank Dillane, Hayley Squires, and Clémence Poésy. READ MORE: How many episodes are in The Essex Serpent on Apple TV? Star Danes said of Cora’s motivations: "Her intellectual pursuits are the driving force.” The Homeland actress went on to say how Cora was only interested in getting to the truth with no interest in romance after being in an abusive marriage before her husband’s death. "I think it's her eagerness to realise herself," she added to BBC News. Express.co.uk takes a look at how you can watch the show. READ MORE: The Essex Serpent cast: Who is in the cast? The Essex Serpent’s first two episodes will be released on Apple TV+ globally on Friday, May 13. Viewers will be able to watch the remaining four episodes as they drop weekly on Fridays. The show is only available to watch on Apple TV+, so you will need to subscribe to the platform. An Apple TV+ subscription costs £4.99 per month and gives you access to The Essex Serpent, along with many other Apple Originals including The Morning Show, Ted Lasso and Severance. You can sign up to a free seven-day trial for Apple TV+ to view content but after this you will be charged £4.99 on a monthly basis. Alternatively, you can get three months free on Apple TV+ when you buy a new Apple product with the monthly fee applying thereafter. You can watch Apple TV+ across your Apple devices or on you laptop or smart TV. Either use the Apple TV+ app or view content online via tv.apple.com. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role [INTERIVEW]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update [INSIGHT] An Apple TV+ subscription allows you to share your details with up to five family members. Subscribers can also download content to your devices and watch them at any location and a time convenient to you without a Wi-Fi connection. The platform is completely ad-free, so you can watch shows and films uninterrupted. Some Apple TV+ shows drop weekly while others arrive in one go to binge, but it will vary from title to title. The Essex Serpent starts on Apple TV+ on May 13