Most homeowners have dishwashers in their homes but not everyone knows how to clean them or that they should be regularly cleaned. Dishwashers that don’t get regularly cleaned can leave debris on cutlery and utensils. Limescale is made of calcium carbonate and can also be found in kettles, washing machines and coffee machines. The acid in white vinegar helps to break down calcium carbonate. The white vinegar will help to remove any noticeable limescale but also any limescale that’s built up in a dishwasher’s pipes. The white vinegar will also neutralise any unpleasant smells in the dishwasher. In a video from Dri Pak, a cleaning expert shared how to descale and clean a dishwasher. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains The video showed homeowners how to clean and descale a dishwasher using white vinegar. The first thing homeowners need to do is put two bowls in the dishwasher. One dishwasher-safe bowl needs to be placed on the top rack and another on the bottom. Ensure they are securely in place so they don’t slide around the dishwasher.  DON'T MISSCleaning icon Kim Woodburn's brilliant advice to tackle ants [INSIGHT]How to protect your home against threat of 'blood rain' [UPDATE]Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ [ANALYSIS] Fill both bowls about halfway with white vinegar. Push the dishwasher racks back into the dishwasher and ensure nothing else is in the dishwasher. Choose a washing programme that is the longest and the hottest. Once the dishwasher programme has finished, the bowls can be removed from the dishwasher. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The machine should smell and look clean as well as be limescale free. White vinegar can also be used as a natural rinse aid in a dishwasher. The “natural cleaning solution” has been used safely to clean for centuries. The video added: “The active ingredient is acetic acid which has cleaning, descaling and deodorising properties.” Dri Pak Pure White Vinegar costs £1.50.  Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 89p. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is just £1.50. For those who aren’t keen on the smell of white vinegar, there are ways to make the scent more appealing. Homeowners can add apple essential oil directly into the bottle or infuse the white vinegar with a cinnamon stick and orange peel. The cinnamon and orange peel will need to be left to infuse for 24 hours before the peel and cinnamon are removed and the solution used.