Fans are still no closer to understanding how and why Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) ghost is seen watching Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) at her bedroom window in the first ever episode of Outlander. However, the highlander may have shared a subtle clue about how he appears in the future when he spoke about an encounter with a fortune teller while he was fighting in France. As the couple sat in the front room of their house on Fraser’s Ridge preparing for an attack from Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and the Committee of Safety, Jamie reflected on coming close to death. “How many times would you say I have come close to dying?” Jamie asked his wife. Claire sighed: “I don’t know. You were dreadfully at the abbey after Wentworth and after Culloden you said you had a terrible fever from your wounds. “You thought you might die, only Jenny nursed you through it.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video Jamie smiled: “Forced me through it more like.” “And there’s when Laoighre tried to kill you,” Claire continued, as her partner remarked: “You forced me through that. “Likewise when the snake bit me.” Claire asked: “Do you count the shipwreck?” but Jamie hit back: “You almost died then, not me.” The time-traveller continued: “And then of course there’s your…,” as Jamie cut in: “Back, aye.” “You’re a hard man to kill I think,” Claire remarked. “It brings me a great deal of comfort. Dare I ask why you’re bringing this up?” Jamie replied: “I was thinking about France, a thing that happened to me. “There was an old fortune teller reading palms. She grabbed my hand and spat into my palm before I could object. “Bent so close, I could smell the ancient sweat of her,” before continuing in French. “She said you were a cat?” Claire asked. DON'T MISS...Outlander star to return for 'future episodes' after brief appearance [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6 theory: Jamie banishes Lizzie from the Ridge [THEORY]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INTERVIEW] Jamie continued: “I tried to pull away but she held firm. Then she said, ‘Neuf.’ She said she saw the number nine written in my hand and also death.” “Do you think you have nine lives?” Claire asked as he confirmed: “I hope so!” Could the fortune teller’s comment hint Jamie has only a few more close to death experiences left before he dies? If so, it could mean he isn’t far off death and will then wait around to see the day when Claire travelled to Scotland and travelled back in time. It could also link to the much-discussed theory Jamie is living in a time-loop. However it could also suggest he is living nine lives and has previously died on the occasions he listed to Claire. Could his life in Outlander just be one of the nine lives he has and at the end of each life, he gets to visit Claire in Inverness as a ghost? Fans will be hoping more clues regarding Jamie’s ghost will be revealed in season seven which is currently filming in Scotland. Outlander seasons 1-6 is available to stream on Starz and StarzPlay.