  Dave Chappelle was joined on stage by Chris Rock at The Comedy Store in west Hollywood on Thursday, just two days after the former was attacked on stage during his show at The Hollywood Bowl. The pair reportedly joked about the assault, comparing it to the slap Chris received from fellow actor Will Smith back in March on the Oscars stage.    According to attendees, Dave, 48, and Chris, 57, discussed the shock assault on stage, much to the amusement of fans. Dave’s appearance at The Comedy Store was apparently a last-minute addition, with audience members having paid £130 each for a ticket to see the “secret show” with an unnamed famous comedian. Ten minutes into Dave’s comedy set, Chris came on stage to join him. At that point, Dave reportedly told Chris in front of the crowd: "At least you got smacked by someone of repute.      "I got smacked by a homeless guy with leaves in his hair." Rock is said to have laughed before referring to Smith as "soft". Dave apparently also told the audience that he had been calmed down after the attack took place by fellow star Jamie Foxx. He informed the crowd the sight of the comedian and actor wearing "a sheriff's hat" had made him feel more at ease.     Dave said he was also embraced by his son after the attack. “A lot of people love me, it turns out,” he told the crowd, according to the Hollywood Reporter. On Tuesday, clips on social media showed Dave being tackled on stage during the Netflix Is A Joke Festival. While Dave was unharmed, the man responsible has since been arrested, charged with assault and taken to hospital for medical treatment.      A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said: “The suspect pointed a replica handgun that contained a knife blade at Chappelle.” She stated: “A famous comedian was performing at the Hollywood Bowl and when he finished his act a male jumped on to the stage and tackled the celebrity. “The suspect produced a replica handgun and pointed the item at the victim. He was taken into custody and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.” The LAPD identified the suspect as 23-year-old Isaiah Lee.     Isaiah appeared in court on Friday in relation to the incident with Dave, and he pleaded not guilty to four misdemeanour charges. The charges were: battery, possessing a deadly weapon with intent to assault, unlawfully crossing from a spectator area onto a stage at a theatrical event, and interfering with or delaying such an event with unlawful conduct. Isaiah remains in custody and has been ordered to stay at least 100 yards (91 metres) from Chappelle as part of a protective order.   