As the cost of living crisis continues, any extra cash could be vital for those families feeling the financial squeeze. The cash top-up is available through the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit, administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Carers are some of the worst hit by the ongoing cost of living crisis because they are often unable to work full time. However those who may be eligible are urged to claim as the extra cash could be vital for those on low incomes struggling to keep up. The support provided by Carer’s Allowance may not be enough for many households. If someone qualifies for Universal Credit, they may be able to get an extra amount because of their caring role. READ MORE: 'My whole life’s savings' Single mum shocked after losing £60,000 to scammer - 'evil man' As this element is means-tested, someone’s eligibility and how much money they can receive is dependent on their income and investments. When it comes to calculating this, the DWP takes into account a claimant’s Carer’s Allowance claim as part of their income. Claimants are unable to apply for Carer’s Allowance if they earn more than £132 a week. However, people can still apply for the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit if they earn more than this amount. After their income is taken away from the maximum amount of Universal Credit someone is entitled to, the amount left will be the payment they receive from the DWP. People who are eligible for Carer’s Allowance are able to apply for the Carer’s Element even if they do not claim Carer’s Allowance at all. Couples can make a joint claim for the Carer’s Element, if they both meet the eligibility criteria. However, they both cannot be looking after the same ill or disabled person as part of their application. It should be noted that an unpaid carer getting Universal Credit’s Carer’s Element could impact the benefits of the person they are looking after. Applicants must inform the Universal Credit office that they are an unpaid carer using their online journal or calling if they are a telephone claimant. Last month, benefit payments were hiked 3.1 percent in line with last year’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation. Research from the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) suggests that lower income households could see hit inflation reach 10.9 percent. This is because poorer Britons are more likely to spend their hard earned cash on heating and lighting their homes.