Russia is turning to higher powers in order to try and win the war in Ukraine, with Russian state TV reporting on a Russian-Siberian shaman building a bonfire-style wooden pile just after sunset, somewhere in the Siberian wilderness. The shaman used a bull's head as an offering to the spirits, a ritual animal sacrifice. The Russian state host told the audience that there was another special ingredient added to the sacrificial shaman offering, but would not divulge it as she claimed it was a secret.  The Russia 1 host said: "A ritual to protect those participating in the special operation in Ukraine was performed by Khakassian shamans. "They asked the earth spirits to support our fighters, the sacrament in the Saksary mountains was followed by our correspondents. "As soon as the last rays of sun disappeared over the horizon, Valery Nikolayevich began making the final preparations. "At first glance, he's an ordinary local but in actual fact, he's a chief shaman. JUST IN: Serbia turns back on EU to strike NEW gas deal with Putin in major boost for Russia     The Russian 1 host added: "He was the one who called for his fellow shamans to return to the higher powers. "The ritual was performed according to all the canons, a bull's head was used as an offering to the spirits. "A bull's head was used as an offering to the spirits, there's something else in there too. "I won't say what it is, there's something else inside it but it's sacred.  READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline: UK to open £11m green gas plant to power thousands of homes     Many viewers worldwide have been shocked that the Russian military has turned to the occult to try and gain the upper hand. Users on Twitter have been reacting to the footage of the special shaman ritual. One user @LuisF0 said: "Just a few weeks ago Russians said: -Ukrainians were pagans that didn't follow Orthodox traditions -Ukrainians performed black magic I guess at some point it'll take a toll on them. "Lying, then doing the opposite, then lying again, then doing what they said the other was doing.." @MrAndrewPT said: "Considering all the pollution and lack of care for the environment in Russia and the wildfires, the spirits are more likely to curse everyone inside Russia...." @Nesse_doh said: "Better tell the Shaman to put in an extra bull’s head as far away Russian provinces are bleeding far more than central ones. Goes to show how much a provincial life is worth to the Kremlin." @Gmanmaximus said: "If they lived in the Ukraine Russian TV would alter them into Nazis doing a Satanic ritual." @Blotosmtek said: "They do it ALL the time - accuse Ukraine of what they're doing (or planning to do) themselves." @_J4um3 said: "I'm betting some tiger body part. He won't say bc they're endangered and protected."