Today marks 25 years since Prince Charles’ infamous encounter with the nineties girl band, Spice Girls, as the cheeky pop stars proved that even the future king isn’t immune to going a little red in the face. During a charity gala for the Prince’s Trust, both “Ginger Spice” Geri Horner (formerly Halliwell) and “Scary Spice” Mel B kissed the Prince of Wales on the cheek in a major breach of royal protocol. Geri also told the heir that she thought he was “very sexy” and, in a final push of royal boundaries, seemingly pinched the Prince of Wales’ bum. Geri has since insisted that she did not pinch Charles’ bottom and claimed she only gave it a “pat”. After nearly 20 years of reports claiming Geri had pinched the royal’s derrière, the former Spice Girl told The Times: “I didn’t pinch Prince Charles’s bum, as was reported. “I patted it. Patting him on the bottom was against royal protocol but we’re all human.” Nonetheless, the 1997 encounter has become the “most famous clip” of celebrities breaching royal protocol. Paul Burrell, a former butler to Diana, Princess of Wales, told Channel 5’s recent documentary ‘Funniest Royal Cock-Ups’ that Geri’s “pinch on the bottom was a bit too far”. He said: “This is probably the most famous clip of breaching royal protocol. “A kiss on the cheek, perhaps, but a pinch on the bottom? A bit too far. Mr Burrell added: “Perhaps a little bit too close to the royal personage or maybe the crown jewels.” Debra Stephenson, actress and royal impressionist, said: “Oh, God, it’s so cringeable, isn’t it? They’re so gushing over him. “It’s just not the way you treat royal people, is it?” The narrator, Gyles Brandreth, claimed that the prince hadn’t “been publicly embarrassed like this since he last tried breakdancing,” in reference to a 1985 video of the prince being pulled onto the dance floor by a group of teenagers where he proceeded to show off his moves. In 2019, Geri and Charles were reunited at the Prince’s Trust’s Invest in Futures Reception at The Savoy Hotel. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry slammed for adding 'another burden' to frail Queen [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Would you like to see Harry and William reunited? [POLL]Harry risks becoming 'just another foreign prince' without royal ties [ANALYSIS] Speaking about the prince, Geri said: “He’s part of our heritage and the landscape of the Spice Girls. “We consider him as a Spice Boy.” Charles is not the only member of the Royal Family who has a connection to the girlband. Victoria Beckham A.K.A. “Posh Spice” and her husband were invited to the royal weddings of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge as well as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. And William is allegedly rooting for a Spice Girls reunion. Melanie “Mel B” Brown was honoured during an Investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace last week and collected her MBE, in recognition of her service to charitable causes and vulnerable women, from the Duke of Cambridge. Speaking to The Sun soon after, Mel B said: ​​"William told me, 'I'm so delighted that it's me giving you this’. "And he asked, 'Will you get the Spice Girls back together?'" When she replied that she was having dinner with bandmate Victoria that evening, William quipped: "Oh good, I'll work on David then’." referring to Victoria's football legend husband, David Beckham. Mel B has previously teased that the Spice Girls were hitting the road for a reunion tour in 2023. She told the Channel 4 talk show Steph’s Packed Lunch in September: "I'm always pushing to have a Spice Girls reunion. "And we were kind of in talks last year, but then Covid hit, so that kind of pushed everyone's plans, like AWOL. She added: "But I think we're hopefully on the same page together — they're gonna kill me for saying this — but we're hoping, especially me, if it's got anything to do with me, which it will have, because I'm the driving force, and I'll make sure it happens, to tour in 2023."