Jonathan Goldstein, a key member of the consortium put together by Todd Boehly to purchase Chelsea, will not be joining the board due to his 'long affiliation' with Tottenham. The businessman had been earmarked as a potential replacement for Blues chairman Bruce Buck, who is now expected to be kept on by Boehly. After an extensive bidding process, Boehly's consortium was named as preferred bidders and given the green light to conclude a £4.25billion takeover of Chelsea last week. The LA Dodgers co-owner - who partnered with Goldstein, his fellow Dodgers owner Mark Walter and Swiss billionaire Hansjörg Wyss among others - is expected to rubber-stamp a deal for the Londoners by the end of the month. Even though the takeover is still subject to government and Premier League approval, deails have emerged over the club's potential new hierarchy would look this week, with The Times revealing that Goldstein had been considered as a potential replacement for Buck. However, Goldstein - a long-term Tottenham season ticket holder - would prefer to work alongside Boehly without taking up a seat on the board. One insider claimed that the deal to purchase Chelsea simply "would not have happened" without Goldstein, who is still expected to play a major role in the redevelopment of Stamford Bridge. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘counting on Nunez to lead attack’ in blow to Ronaldo Both Buck and Marina Granovskaia - the Blues' chief transfer negotiator - are expected to be handed roles by the new regime, who have until June 7th to wrap up a deal for the reigning European champions. The consortium fought off stiff competition to move into pole position to advance their deal for the Blues, including an eleventh hour bid from British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe. Boehly was spotted at Stamford Bridge on Saturday less than 24 hours after he put pen to paper on an agreement to purchase the club from Roman Abramovich. The American businessman watched the Blues suffer a late setback in the 2-2 draw with Wolves. DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman AbramovichDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away Speaking after the match, Blues chief Thomas Tuchel gave his verdict on the news that the club's long-term future was on the brink of being secured after weeks of uncertainty. The Londoners have been operating under a special sporting license after Abramovich was slapped with sanctions by the UK Government back in March, but the terms of the license have prohibited the club from functioning normally. The restrictions have even prevented the Blues from entering into contract negotiations with players such as Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger, who are both due to be free agents at the end of the season. And with an end to the turmoil finally in sight, Tuchel outlined his hopes for a return to normality. When asked about the deal, the German said: “Not relief, but it gives us an outlook that terms are agreed. Hopefully the process will be streamlined and go forward as soon as possible so we can act and not be sanctioned anymore. It’s good news."