Arsenal have reportedly 'sounded out' Everton star Richarlison ahead of a potential summer raid for the Brazilian. That is despite reports claiming the Gunners still believe they can lure Gabriel Jesus to the Emirates despite missing out on Champions League qualification. Arsenal are scouring the market for at least one new striker this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract and could leave on free transfers. City star Jesus is the top target and The Athletic says Arsenal still believe a deal can happen despite missing out on the Premier League top four on the final day of the season. There are a host of alternatives Arsenal are said to be looking at, including Victor Osimhen and Tammy Abraham. But now Goal says Richarlison is on the Gunners' radar. The report claims contact has been made with the player's representatives in recent weeks. READ MORE: Pau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer  Richarlison has been a key player for Everton this season, who have been without Dominic Calvert-Lewin for much of the campaign. The 25-year-old scored 10 goals and registered five assists in 30 Premier League appearances as Frank Lampard's side fought off relegation. Richarlison joined Everton from Watford in 2018 for a fee of £50million. However, he is set to enter the final two years of his contract this summer. DON'T MISSLiverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag has only seven players worth keeping at Man Utd ahead of window [OPINION]Four experienced players Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change in policy [TRANSFERS]  Everton securing safety in the top flight means they are less likely to need to sell the forward. But they will want his future sorted sooner rather than later to protect his value. Richarlison missed Everton's final game of the season on Sunday against the Gunners. Mikel Arteta's side ran out 5-1 winners at the Emirates. Following the match, Richarlison posted a series of tweets on his personal Twitter account to discuss the season and thank the Everton supporters. He wrote: “It was an unusual year, very difficult.  “Although we know we have escaped an even worse scenario, there are several lessons for the future. Everton is a giant club and deserves to fight at the top of the table, for places in continental competitions and for titles not just for staying in the Premier League. “With all these difficulties, one thing no one can deny is that the Evertonians were our player of the season. You didn't let our team give up, even in the most difficult times, and you were with us until the last whistle… “Thank you for all the support, unconditional faith and affection! Love you.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 