Bling Empire returned for a second season on Netflix and Kane Lim, 32, was at the centre of the drama. The series follows a group of wealthy Asian-American socialites living in the US. Kane comes from an incredibly rich family but he is also a millionaire in his own right. Kane comes from a Singaporean family with holdings in property, oil and other industries. The reality star has many strings to his bow, one being his passion for real estate. Fans of Kane may be interested to hear he works as a real estate agent at The Oppenheim Group. The brokerage features on the Netflix hit series, Selling Sunset, and he is listed on the website as a realtor associate. His other interests are fashion and interior design. READ MORE: Don Morris age: How old is the Bling Empire star? According to Tatler Asia, the star's net worth is $20 million (£16 million). Some of his wealth comes from stocks which he began investing in when he was just 17. Some of his recent investments include Teja Ventures, which focuses on early stage technology companies for women. He also an investor in Burgreens and Green Rebel, a startup company with organic plant-based food chains. The star has also put in money into the Happy Fish Swim School. Kane made his first million when he was just 19 years old. His LinkedIn page says he is the Director of K-ix Capital and President of the company Merryland Pacific Limited. He is on Instagram and he has been keeping his followers up to date with his latest ventures. The star recently celebrated Vesak Day, a sacred day to Buddhists, as he has been practising Buddhism for the past three years. DON'T MISS... Bling Empire’s Chèrie Chan speaks out on exit [INSIGHT] Bling Empire season 2: Why was Paula Abdul in Netflix's Bling Empire? [EXPLAINER] How much is Kelly Mi Li from Bling Empire worth? [INSIGHT] He shared: "Even though this season on #blingempire I’ve been getting some mean comments I’m grateful for all of you watching and truly see this is entertainment hopefully you guys enjoy humor that I bring. "More importantly I am able with this platform of being in entertainment to share my core beliefs and causes that are dear to my heart on my social media. "It's not easy in Hollywood but with this practice of compassion it has certainly helped me navigated through alot of heat this season. "This is dedicated to everyone fans or not fans of me #netflix #blingempire #moreofkanelim (thank you @jeffreycjenkins @netflix @netflixgolden)." Kane has a huge following on social media and he thanks music sensation Rihanna for his Instagram popularity. He told Voyage LA in 2019 that Rihanna followed him and thousands followed suit. He said: “I vividly remember how my phone died from the amounts of notifications I had. "She has been super kind to comment when she liked an outfit, or even telling [me] what jacket I should wear to her concerts.”  Bling Empire is on Netflix now.