The Duchess of Cambridge is famous for styling her hair and doing her makeup for the majority of appearances she makes in public. Despite Kate Middleton being known for a bouncy blow-dry, more recently, she has favoured straight hair which sits behind her ears. This new style and simple trick to keep hair off the face are said to make the royal look “youthful”. Kate stepped out last week wearing a green Edeline Lee dress and gold accessories to present the Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design in Kensington. She kept her hair simple with it in a middle partin and straightened, which she tucked behind her ears and let it hang down her back. Lily Jeffreys, Senior Stylist and Colour Technician at Taylor Taylor London explained how the Duchess’ tucking her hair back is a subtle way to open up her facial features. Lily said: “Tucking the hair behind the ears also helps to make her cheekbones and jawline pop, showing off her luminous skin and bringing attention to her eyes, which really elevates her face and gives her a youthful glow.” READ MORE: Queen Letizia in hysterics wears SAME dress as guest - pictures While Kate does bring out the bouncy curls on occasion, it is no longer her go-to hairstyle. Master Stylist Nick Willis at Charles Worthington Salons noticed this and commented. He said: “She is effortlessly tucking her hair behind the ear for a sophisticated yet casual look.” Nick explained how Kate’s long straight hair, in a middle partin is a “Seventies vibe” and is “massively on trend for summer”. DON'T MISS...Interior design tips: Most ‘effective’ way to transform a room [EXCLUSIVE]‘Clever makeup tricks’ to look younger - makeup artist's guide [INTERVIEW]‘Best’ diet for weight loss named - ‘lose 16lbs more’ than other diets [NEWS] “This is a contrast from her old style; her bouncy blowout had volume and movement whereas these days she is seen wearing her hair more sleek and smooth. “By tucking her hair behind the ear, Kate is revealing her strong bone structure. “This is a great trick to show off your eyes and cheekbones and in turn is a fabulous anti-ageing tip,” he told The Daily Mail. Alongside big curls, Kate used to have a side partin and a fringe. This new hairstyle, however, is much easier to maintain a “polished” look. Curls can drop, whereas having straight hair means Kate doesn’t need a stylist to accompany her and touch up the style throughout the day. Tucking her hair behind her ears also helps to show off her earrings. Kate wore her hair straight several times during her trip to the Caribbean earlier this year with Prince William. In a bid to tackle frizz and humidity, the Duchess is said to have used Kiehl’s Creme with Silk Groom in the past, according to former hairstylist Amanda Cook Tucker. The styling creme is £30 and aims to create “smooth hair with a radiant shine”. The product contains sesame oil which “intensely smoothes the hair and makes it sleek”.