French publication L'Equipe did not hold back in their notoriously harsh player ratings after this year's Champions League final between Liverpool and Real Madrid. The Reds were cruelly beaten at the Stade de France thanks to Vinicius Junior's second-half strike despite throwing everything at their Spanish opponents over the course of the 90 minutes. Liverpool dominated proceedings for large parts of the contest but were unable to find the back of the net in Paris, with Thibaut Courtois producing a man-of-the-match performance to keep Jurgen Klopp's men at bay from the very first whistle to the last. The Frenchman was given an impressive rating of nine out of ten by L'Equipe, who have gained something of a reputation for delivering harsh post-match verdicts over the years.Courtois was one of just two Real Madrid players with a rating above six, with Dani Carvajal picking up a seven after keeping Luis Diaz at bay before the Colombian winger was eventually substituted after half-time. The latter was only awarded a three out of ten due to his failure to stamp his authority on the match, while Thiago Alcantara, who appeared to struggle in the warm-ups but completed over 70 minutes in Paris, was given a four.Real Madrid's midfield also bore the brunt of L'Equipe's uncompromising assessment of the Champions League final, with Toni Kroos and Luka Modric having been given a three and a four out of ten respectively. Karim Benzema, who is now the overwhelming favourite to claim this year's Ballon d'Or, was handed a rating of five while Casemiro, David Alaba, Federico Valverde and match-winner Vinicius fared slightly better with sixes. JUST IN: Steven Gerrard tells Liverpool what they must do in transfer market Andrew Robertson was deemed to have been the worst performing Liverpool defender as he was awarded a five, while centre-backs Ibrahima Konate and Virgil Van Dijk were both given sixes. Trent Alexander-Arnold, who appeared to be at fault for Real Madrid's decisive second-half goal, was also given a six but Mohamed Salah was adjudged to have been Liverpool's best player on the night with a rating of seven.L'Equipe also decided to run the rule over the two managers, with Carlo Ancelotti's score of seven trumping Jurgen Klopp's lowly rating of three. The Real Madrid boss emerged as the Champions League's most decorated head coach thanks to the result in Paris as he picked up his fourth European title, the most won by any manager in the history of the competition.The strict nature of L'Equipe's player ratings were nothing out of the ordinary for the French publication, who are well-known for not holding back in their post-match assessments of high-profile fixtures. Editor-in-chief Jean-Philippe Leclair has previously explained that their ratings are solely decided upon by the writers at the stadium, who he feels are best-placed to comment on the performances of individual players rather than the journalists back at the office. "We think that the writers and reporters at the stadium have got the best view to rate the players, so it is only them," Leclair told OTB last year."Sometimes we feel a rating is too much or, you know, 'are you sure you want to give him a two?', but it is their decision. Sometimes it is hard, because we are waiting for the ratings back at the office."It is because they are debating like hell. 'Oh, he should get a seven.' 'No, that's too much!' It is part of the fun and good to have controversy like this." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here