Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah will need a major improvement in form if he is to meet the target he set himself at the start of the season. The Egypt international, who is vying to help his side claim a historic quadruple this month, has revealed he wanted to score 40 goals before the campaign got underway. Salah was part of the Liverpool side that booked their place in the Champions League final on Tuesday night after overcoming Villarreal 5-2 on aggregate. And the 29-year-old later explained his season objective. “Before the season starts I know what I want from the season individually and collectively, for sure,” Salah told BT Sport. “The collective is the most important thing and the first target for the season as well. I have big expectations for myself. Honestly, I never said it before but before the season starts, I was like, ‘okay, I’ll go for 40 goals a season and 10 assists, 15 assists.’ So I now reached the assists before getting the goals.” Salah racked up his 15th assist at the Estadio de la Ceramica as he teed up Fabinho for the Reds’ opening goal of the night. But the forward has been struggling to find the back of the net himself in recent weeks. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback In fact, since hitting a brace against Leeds at the end of February, Salah has scored just three times in his last 15 matches. And he is currently 10 goals shy of his target. Liverpool have six matches remaining this season, with four of those coming in the Premier League. Ahead of their fourth European final in six years on May 28 in Paris, the Reds also face Chelsea in the FA Cup final. And Salah will need to rediscover his early-season form if he is to reach 40 goals. DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback  Salah started the season in emphatic style as he got his name on the scoresheet 15 times in his first 12 matches - but his output has receded since then. The ace has still enjoyed a wonderful season, however, and has been instrumental for his side during a remarkable run of form. Jurgen Klopp’s side were 14 points adrift of Premier League leaders Manchester City earlier this year but have reduced the deficit to just one point. And if the Reds want to taste Champions League and FA Cup success and wrestle the Premier League trophy away from the Citizens, they will surely need Salah to perform when it matters. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 