Naga Munchetty, 47, shared her delight as she took to Twitter and praised her new BBC Breakfast co-star. It comes after Hannah Miller, who is a correspondent for ITV News, quit her role on the network. Taking to the micro-blogging site yesterday, the on-screen correspondent admitted she was excited to take on a new challenge. Hannah explained she will be joining BBC Breakfast as their new business presenter. In view of her 25,900 followers, she penned: "I have a new job..! Looking forward to a fresh challenge with the team at @BBCBreakfast. Thanks to some incredible friends and  colleagues for their support over the past seven years @itvnews." Hannah accompanied the post with an article that detailed her new appointment at the Beeb. READ MORE: Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement Naga was one of the first to congratulate her new colleague who is set to join the team in July. In view of her 270,000 followers, she penned: "Welcome Hannah! Looking forward to working with you." To which Hannah replied: "Thanks Naga - looking forward to working with you too!" The ITV News correspondent was inundated with congratulatory messages.  Head of UK News at ITV, Amber de Botton penned: "Very sad to lose you but congratulations on the new opportunity." Journalist Christine Talbot commented: "Wow! Congratulations Hannah! Well done and so deserved." Sky News political correspondent Joe Pike added: "What an amazing move Hannah! Huge congratulations. Very well deserved." Hannah, who is set to move to BBC Breakfast from ITV News, previously worked as Granada’s North West political correspondent. DON'T MISS... BBC host Clive Myrie says parents always looked up to Queen[LATEST]Andrea McLean 'needed a salary' amid ITV exit - 'Wasn't making money'[EXCLUSIVE]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture[ADMISSION] She is set to join BBC Breakfast to present the business news on Thursdays and Fridays, with Nina Warhurst presenting Monday to Wednesday. Speaking about her new role, Hannah said: "I am delighted to be joining the BBC Breakfast team at a time where work and money are at the forefront of people's minds. "I look forward to continuing the excellent work the team already do in helping audiences to understand complex economic stories, as well as delivering original journalism." Richard Frediani, Editor of BBC Breakfast, added to Prolific North: ‘’Hannah Miller is a first class award winning journalist who is a brilliant addition to the BBC Breakfast team. "The Cost of Living crisis is crucial to millions of viewers and Hannah will play a major role in explaining to our audience the key developments in the story. "I’m delighted Hannah is joining the UK’s most watched Breakfast show.’’ More recently, Hannah has made regular appearances on ITV's Robert Peston's programme. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.