While there is no cure for Crohn's disease, effective treatment can help to reduce the frequency and severity of symptoms – when they do appear.Five "main" signs, as pointed out by the NHS, include: diarrhoea, stomach aches and cramps, blood in the faeces, fatigue, and weight loss."You might not have all these symptoms," the health body makes clear, but the condition can also lead to: As the symptoms of Crohn's disease can be similar to that of other conditions, it may be a long time before it is diagnosed. If you are experiencing symptoms, do tell the doctor about your symptoms, your diet, and if there is a family history of the disease. A physical examination might include feeling the stomach, taking a blood sample, and asking for a poo sample. A referral to a gastroenterologist can confirm a Crohn's disease diagnosis. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer: The ‘discolouration’ in two areas could be a symptom - 'insidious’ Tests might include a colonoscopy, a biopsy, an MRI scan or a CT scan. The leading charity Crohn's and Colitis UK stated that once a diagnosis has been confirmed, you might have to adjust your diet. Certain foods may trigger your condition, such as spicy foods, but your dietary triggers will be unique to you. "Always speak to your GP or a dietitian before making any big changes to your diet," the Crohn's and Colitis UK advises. It will help to keep a food diary – with print-outs available on Crohn's and Colitis UK's website. The charity pointed out that some people might experience more diarrhoea when they consume: Diarrhoea can also lead to dehydration, but drinking water may not be enough. "Your body has also lost sugars and salts, which need replacing," Crohn's and Colitis UK explains. "You can buy rehydration solutions, like Dioralyte or Electrolade from pharmacies and supermarkets." People with kidney issues, however, may not be able to use such solutions, the charity says. "Some hospitals provide their own recipe for an electrolyte mixture that you can make at home," it adds. There are medications people with Crohn's disease can take to keep their symptoms at bay. Which medicines are prescribed to you will depend on your individual case. In some instances, surgery might be recommended to remove part of the intestine. Up to eight in 10 people who have Crohn's disease will have surgery at some point in their lifetime due to the condition. However, as advances are being made in treatment options, this is set to decrease.