Show host Jayne Secker commented on the “rather incongruous” image of an expensive procession marred by the royal regalia hanging out the window like a loose piece of rubbish. Former Black Rod Lieutenant-General David Leakey added that it reminded him of the “end caption for the Antiques Roadshow”. The cars were heading for the State Opening of Parliament, which will be led by Prince Charles as the Queen is unable to attend.    Sky News presenter Jayne Secker said: "Rather incongruous image of some of the royal regalia sticking out of the window. "A bit like when you go to the tip and you've got something that's too long so you have to poke it out the back of the window. "Surely this was not the plan." Former Black Rod Lieutenant-General David Leakey added: "I'm not sure about the tip but it reminds me of the end caption for the Antiques Roadshow."   Lieutenant-General Leakey continued: “There are three cars in this procession. The first car carries the imperial state crown, and you saw it pulling up at the Sovereign’s entrance. “And the crown jeweller takes the crown out of the car and takes it, in fact, to a small room just inside the Sovereign's entrance, where he gives it a final check over and buff up. “Then it is taken up to the royal gallery and the Robingroom.” The process is part of the State Opening of Parliament, an annual event in which the House of Commons is reopened. READ MORE: Boris poised to ditch EU law in major Queen's Speech overhaul [REVEAL]   The Queen has performed the opening ceremony for the past 60 years but has had to withdraw this year due to “mobility issues”. The first heir to the throne Prince Charles stood in for his mother, addressing the country with the Queen’s Speech. The speech has been written by the Government but will be read out by the Queen’s eldest child, who will use the phrase “Her Majesty’s Government”, as opposed to “My Government”. He did not sit behind the imperial state crown, rather to the side, so to suggest that he is not there to replace the Queen but sit in for her in her absence. DON'T MISS: 'What does it say about state of the monarchy?' Madeley slams Queen [REPORT]Boris scrambles to salvage Queen's Speech as Starmer steals thunder [REVEAL]Queens Speech: At last Boris is able to unveil his Brexit vision  [INSIGHT]   The State Opening is the only regular occasion when the three constituent parts of Parliament – the Sovereign, the House of Lords, and the House of Commons – meet. The Queen’s Speech is delivered from the throne in the House of Lords, in front of around 600 guests. During the walk from the Commons to the Lords, Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer appeared in good spirits. The pair walked together to hear the speech, seeming to laugh with one another despite growing tensions between them.   