Max Verstappen has been tipped for the Formula One world title this season as Naomi Schiff has pointed out one clear advantage that he has over Charles Leclerc. The Dutchman is the current overall leader and extended his advantage over second-placed Leclerc when he overtook the Monegasque driver following a Ferrari mistake in the pits in the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday. Naomi Schiff, who co-hosts the Any Driven Monday podcast on Sky Sports, said that Ferrari are making too many mistakes under pressure at present. She explained: “Judging by the way it is going so far I would put my money on Max Verstappen. "I think his team have clearly shown that putting technical issues aside which they seem to have overcome now, they know how to deal with these pressured moments when it seems like Ferrari at the moment are still finding their feet dealing with actually two drivers who are in contention whereas Red Bull have decided that Max is their number one driver, Perez is taking a back seat. That makes it easier for them to make strategic calls and at the moment they seem to have the better package.” Any Driven Monday co-host Matt Baker added: “It is a long season, anything can happen we have got a load of races left, we are not even a third of the way through the season yet. I would probably go Verstappen.” Leclerc was on pole on his home circuit in Monaco but dropped from first to fourth after pitting and stayed in that position until the chequered flag. He launched into an X-rated rant on his team radio and could not hide his disappointment after the race. Leclerc said: “There’s been too many mistakes today overall. Obviously in those conditions you rely a little bit on what the team can see because you don't see what the others are doing with intermediates, with dry tyres. I've been asked questions whether I wanted to go from the extreme wets to the slicks and I said yes but not now. It will be a bit later on in the race. But I don't understand what made us change our mind and go on these intermediates, we got undercut and I stopped behind Carlos. “There has been a lot of mistakes and we cannot afford to do that. It’s hard as it’s been the other years here so I'm getting used to getting back home disappointed.” Ferrari were unsuccessful in their appeal for Red Bull to be punished for what the Prancing Horse believed were pit exit infringements from Verstappen and Sergio Perez. Damon Hill, 1996 Formula One world champion, agreed with the decision from the Monaco stewards not to penalise Ferrari. He said: “The stewards took a look at that and in the case of Sergio, I think they said that he didn’t go enough over it and the other one they kind of let go. But I think it was clutching at straws a bit to be honest but ultimately if you lose a race, appealing against someone just crossing over the tail end of a yellow line is a bit weak.”