Teaming up with the University of Glasgow, Graze – who published the consumer research findings – have launched a digital resource so people can see an estimate of how much added sugar is in their food. Their research highlights that 60 percent UK adults are actively seeking to reduce their sugar intake – and for good reason too. Eating too much sugar contributes to weight gain, which then leads to other health issues, the NHS cautioned. Examples include heart disease, some cancers, and type 2 diabetes – all life-threatening conditions. Added sugar can be found in: Professor Emilie Combet of the University of Glasgow explained that added sugars include the addition of sugar, honey, or fruit purees to add sweetness to food. Adults can help to protect their health by eating less than 30g of free sugars daily. READ MORE: Turn lights off at night to reduce the risk of diabetes and heart disease says new study Additional research from the World Health Organisation revealed that obesity is reaching epidemic proportions. Obesity is contributing to more than 1.2 million deaths per year across Europe, according to a WHO report published in May 2022. Joanna Allen, CEO at Graze, said: "There is an added sugar crisis in the UK, and we must act now to fix this. "It is through the Graze #KnowAddedSugar campaign that we hope to deliver better consumer understanding." DON'T MISSCancer: Four sensations in the leg to spot [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Three smelly symptoms [INSIGHT]B12 deficiency symptoms: The 'irreversible' consequence [TIPS] Be aware that many drinks could also be tipping you over the 30g added sugar limit. Take, for example, a can of cola, which can have as much as nine cubes of sugar, the NHS pointed out. By drinking one can of cola you have already exceeded your daily sugar limit. A quick and easy way to prevent a sugar overload is to replace any sugary fizzy drinks or sugary squash with water. Health risks Too much sugar in the diet can lead to weight gain; a waist circumference of 94cm (for men) or 80cm (for women) is associated with obesity-related health problems. Obesity can lead to joint and back pain, fatigue, snoring, and breathlessness. Carrying extra fat can also lead to high blood sugar, hypertension, high cholesterol, asthma, and gallstones. "Obesity reduces life expectancy by an average of three to 10 years," the NHS stated. Weight loss The NHS recommend the free Couch to 5k running app to help in your weight loss journey. "At the end of the nine weeks, you should be able to run for 30 minutes non-stop," the NHS noted. This is equivalent to 3.1 miles, and by exercising more – and consuming less calories – you can begin to shift excess weight. If you would like support on your weight loss goals, you can ask for help from your doctor.