Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A friend or colleague needs some compassionate and understanding guidance. You know what they are going through. You have lived this with them and can put yourself in their shoes. Emotions are raw. Compliments and cuddles will help others feel loved and needed. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Big changes are ahead. This could take you away from all that is familiar. Starting a new life can be nerve wracking for you but the sooner you accept how it has to be, the quicker you will adjust to new circumstances. Gemini (May22/June21) You’re hopeful and optimistic that something real will come out of a campaign you are supporting. You won’t give up your support until changes are made. Someone you are dealing with can charm the hind legs off a donkey. It won’t be easy to distinguish between truth and fiction. Cancer (June22/July23) You’re inclined to turn down an invitation to a social gathering. This would give you a chance to talk to people you haven’t seen for some time and it will feel good to get together again. You may need to find someone who shares your long-term aims. Leo (July24/Aug23) There’s a lot of work to be done. Even so, don’t use this as an excuse to cut yourself off from your family and friends. Find a balance between work and play. A new romance may not be as warm or loving as you had expected. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) A quiet spell as the week begins is your chance to check goals you are working towards are still important to you. If not, make any changes you feel are necessary to bring you greater happiness and fulfilment.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Friends will not take a lot of persuading to join in with your ideas. They know they will have a good time. In fact, it won’t be long before you will be reminding yourself of how having fun together helps revive relationships. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) It can sometimes feel as if it is taking you twice as long or twice the effort to get results compared with how you worked in the past. You will not want to fail and you may not have realised the standards you set yourself keep getting higher. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) You’re confronted with a number of choices. It will feel as if these are being thrown at you from a few different directions. It will be hard to keep up with it all. Even if some hold a degree of risk you might decide it’s worth taking chances. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) For a few more days there will be more of what you have already been experiencing: lots of activity and little time to yourself. Be prepared to continue a short while longer on matters that have kept you busy since the month began. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Delaying arrangements to offer a little help to a friend might upset some people but you know there is nothing to worry about. This isn’t going to cause a problem. As it is, it will be left up to you what you do, when you do it and how. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Relationships and events will be somewhat unpredictable early on. By Wednesday you will find it easier to get into the swing of things. No matter what chores or tasks might await you then, you will feel ready to take them on and complete them.