The BAFTA Television Awards returned on Sunday, with all the biggest names of the TV world glammed up and ready to celebrate their work. Actor Steve Coogan, who is behind the popular comedy character Alan Patridge, made a dig at Piers Morgan during his speech as his television alter-ego. He claimed during the BBC awards celebration that the broadcaster's programme gets fewer viewers than his live shows. "Hello, I'm Alan Partridge," he began, adding: "Here to commemorate 75 years alongside this fella," as he lifted the BAFTA award. "Yep, it's the BAFTA trophy," he remarked. "A face I affectionately call the TV commissioner because he's one-eyed, brainless and couldn't crack a smile if he wanted to. "I'd dearly love to be there tonight, sat among the powerbrokers of British television. "Not all of them are from Oxbridge, just more of them, and that's what I call progress." READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew Taking a jibe at former GMB presenter Piers, he went on: "Sadly I can't be with you, because I'm on a nationwide tour, performing in person each night to an audience bigger than Piers Morgan gets on the actual telly." As the audience laughed, he added: "But the good thing about Piers is it doesn't bother him. "But let's not spoil the atmosphere, it's a night where we finally get to acknowledge the people who make the most popular and occasionally the best TV shows in Britain. "Some people say, 'Why do these people even need acknowledging? They already have credits at the end of everything they make, a carpenter, he doesn't get credits every time he makes a table.'  "Well, that's because making a table is difficult, making... I don't know, Downton Abbey is much more difficult. "You can't eat your dinner off Downton Abbey, but what would you rather watch?" He joked: "Something flat and wooden or, hang on... I'm not sure which one I'm talking about." The Piers quip comes just weeks after the journalist launched his new TV show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored, which airs on TalkTV. The "anti-woke" show sees the broadcaster exploring topical debates surrounding cancel culture and woke ideology. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford talks landing role away from This Morning [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater becomes killer in hospital plot [THEORY]BGT judges sent into panic as risky ice act results in injury [LATEST]  However, the 57-year-old has suffered disastrous ratings since the show was first aired. Around 316,800 TalkTV viewers watched Piers interview former president Donald Trump in the opening episode, but according to the latest figures, the broadcaster's show only attracted 61,700 on Tuesday evening. The 80 per cent drop from the opening night's viewership has sparked the controversial figure to address concerns. He told his Twitter followers on Wednesday: "Great to see @PiersUncensored got higher ratings than BBC News, Sky News & GB News again in our 8-9pm slot last night. "Amazing achievement for a brand new show on a brand new network. Lots of work to do, but very encouraging. Tune in tonight at 8pm!" (sic). Trump himself also weighed in on the ratings for Piers Morgan: Uncensored, adding: “Ratings for the Piers Morgan interview with me were great! "Unfortunately, after that interview, his show bombed completely because of the fake narrative he tried to portray. "The fact is, I got a new close-up glimpse at Piers, and he no longer has what it takes. It’s over for him!” Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.