Professor Pauline Maclaran highlighted how the 96-year-old monarch, who celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, is widely seen as beyond reproach. But the PR expert said the Firm will be "much more open to criticism" when the Queen's reign ends. Prof Maclaran told Express.co.uk: "I think as soon as Prince Charles takes over they will be in for a rougher ride because I really think that we need to separate out support for the Queen for support of the monarchy in Britain. "I think while everybody supports the Queen, you have to admire her whatever stance you come from, Charles won't have that. "So I think the monarchy will be much more open to criticism without the Queen there. "I think he will have much less leeway than the Queen." But the co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture added that Prince William and Kate will be a "saving grace" for the monarchy. Prof Maclaran said the Duke of Cambridge, who is second in line to the throne, is already "playing a bigger role". She said: "I think as long as Charles is working with the Cambridges that will be a saving grace and there are all the signs that is what he will do. "We're seeing them more and more to the fore. READ MORE: Flag wave of anticipation for Queen's Platinum Jubilee  "Prince William playing a much bigger role and hearing about his views how he wants to change the monarchy. This is all new. "I'm sure they're not just making off-the-cuff comments, they're reminding us I think deliberately that Prince William is the future of the monarchy." It has been reported that the Cambridges want to ditch their titles when on duty in a bid to modernise the Royal Family. DON'T MISSRegal Kate stuns in pink dress as she represents Queen at garden party [PICTURES]Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [VIDEO]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry set for Netflix docuseries [INSIGHT] Earlier this month, heir to the throne Charles, alongside William, gave a glimpse into the future of the monarchy as they stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament earlier. The head of state has been suffering from mobility issues and now rarely carries out public engagements outside of her royal residences.  The Queen delighted royal fans with a surprise appearance earlier this week to officially open the completed Elizabeth line, named in her honour. Dressed in sunshine yellow, she stepped out with Prince Edward for the visit to Paddington Station in London on Tuesday. The nation's longest-reigning head of state is just two weeks away from her Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend. The four-day weekend marking the monarch's historic 70-year reign will kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. Members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. The celebrations will come to a close with a Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. It comes after the Queen received a standing ovation as she attended the equestrian extravaganza A Gallop Through History last Sunday marking the first major event of the Jubilee festivities.