Simon Cowell’s, 62, former girlfriend, Sinitta has said that she will not be attending his wedding to Lauren Silverman. The singer explained that she will be on tour as Matron Mama Morton with the Chicago musical.  The 58-year-old was Simon’s first signing as a record company executive in 1986.  Both of them had a romance together which lasted for 20 years from when they first met in 1983.  The two still remain very good friends today.  Sinitta will be performing at the Grand Opera House in Belfast from June 6 -11. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Simon is rumoured to have planned his nuptials for that month. She told the Mirror last week: “I’ll send him the lucky Irish leaf – I'll send him a shamrock from Louis (Walsh). “The tour has been going since September, and I was supposed to do the first three months. “I ended up staying for six because they invited me to because it went really well. “And then I left in January and the tour continued and now I'm just coming back for Belfast, Plymouth and Llandudno, so I will finish the last week of the tour as well, which is great fun, so I'm starting and finishing it!" Simon proposed to girlfriend Lauren on Christmas Eve in Barbados last year. According to The Sun, the Britain's Got Talent judge, has set the date for June. Their son Eric, eight, will be “front and centre”. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) A source told the publication: “Simon cannot wait to have Lauren as his wife and didn't see the point in delaying it. “He has taken charge of the planning and the date has been set for June.” “The ceremony is going to take place in London, with their son Eric front and centre, naturally. “It's been a long time coming and now Simon wants to get Lauren up the aisle as quickly as he can.” Express.co.uk has contacted Simon Cowell's representatives for comment. Despite saying he didn’t want to marry, Simon has reportedly changed his mind due to lockdown. The source told People: “They have fun together, as well as being each other's rock. “They are both passionate but really do bring out the very best in each other. As a family, they all have such an incredible bond. “A lot of things have happened in the last few years and just like for everyone else in the world, these things have all been a reminder about what is precious to them.”