Britain's leading musical theatre star will be dazzling guests as part of a star-studded line-up of entertainment on Imagine Cruising's new Exclusive Scandinavia Sailcation, including electric string quartet Escala, who are renowned for pushing the boundaries of the string quartet repertoire, and AJ Brown, a singer/songwriter/pianist/saxophonist who is being hailed as one of the UK’s most exciting new musical talents. As well as the stellar line-up of performers, guests will also be treated to heaps of perks including the chance to explore some of Scandinavia's most spectacular scenery across the likes of Norway and Denmark. The trip starts off with a port of call in Norway, where passengers can explore the likes of Kristiansand surrounded by high mountains, deep fjords and lush valleys, as well as the vibrant city of Oslo which is filled with historic sights, incredible foodie hotspots and plenty of culture. There are also some incredible ports of call in Denmark including capital Copenhagen where firm favourites such as the Tivoli Gardens and Little Mermaid statue await, and the picturesque town of Skagen which is steeped in history, not to mention it's surrounded by breathtaking landscapes and golden sandy beaches. Then of course luxury cruise ship Enchanted Princess offers up everything you could want for a glamorous getaway. Passengers can relax poolside, enjoy a glamorous night at the casino, indulge with a spot of retail therapy, or make the most of popular favourites such as Princess Cruises’ Movies Under the Stars, the Lotus Spa and West End style theatre shows. Gourmet dining is also on the cards with over 20 bars and restaurants available on board, serving up everything from pizza an grilled meats to ice cream and seafood. For those who fancy a relaxing night in, the 24-hour room service may also appeal...  The ship also offers up some luxurious cabins for guests. We’re talking elegant rooms with balconies, lounge areas, ensuite bathrooms and luxury bedding, along with all of the amenities you need for a home-away-from-home feel. Oh, and to make everything that little bit easier, a Princess MedallionClass® holiday includes a wearable device that allows for everything from touch-free boarding and enhanced service, to being a useful way to help locate your loved ones anywhere on the ship! Want to be on board? Prices for balcony cabins start from £799pp based on a July 2022 departure, sailing on a round-trip from Southampton. Find out more and book at imaginecruising.co.uk.