The Duchess of Sussex was on hand to present her husband and his polo team Los Padres a trophy after they won an event at the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club on Sunday. Harry's team, captained by his friend ‘Nacho’ Figueras, took home the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy at the star-studded event. After Meghan gave a Harry kiss on stage, the Duke told his young team mates how to lift the trophy before Mr Figueras reached in and lifted the trophy above his head and passed it to the royal. However, Meghan ended up getting squashed between Harry and a teammate while they lifted the prize. The mother-of-two clapped in the shadows before stepping forward again into the spotlight, pushing underneath Harry's arms. After a few seconds in the shadows at the back of the stage, Meghan stepped to the front of the stage. Meghan wore a polka dot blouse and white Khaite Bermuda shorts, which have since sold out online. She paired the look with a black wide-brimmed hat, sunglasses, and a leather belt. Meghan’s former Suits co-star Abigail Spencer was also pictured at the event, and matched the duchess in a black polka dot dress. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture It comes after Thomas Markle Snr, Meghan’s father, was taken to hospital after suffering a suspected stroke. He was due to fly over to the UK for the first time for the Queen’s platinum Jubilee, but experienced pains at his home in Rosarito, Mexico on Monday night. Paramedics were called and he was taken by ambulance in Tijuana with an oxygen mask strapped to his face and transported him around 9.30pm to a hospital across the border in Chula Vista, California. A source told the Mirror: “Tom was unable to speak to paramedics, he was so out of breath. He had to write down his symptoms on a piece of paper.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: 'President messed up' Russian elite turning on Putin Ukraine wipes out Russian military base with NATO-supplied howitzer 'Stupid idiots with no sense of history' Union flag Jubilee row Meanwhile, Meghan and Harry are set to attend Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee weekend next week. They will be joined by their children Archie, three, who was born in the UK, and Lilibet, 11 months, who has never met the Monarch. Confirming the news in a statement earlier this month, a spokesperson for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” A spokesperson for Buckingham Palace said however: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.”