Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel believes his side were unlucky not to prevail with a domestic double this season after failing to beat Liverpool in both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals in February and May respectively, leaving them empty handed for the season despite a promising start to the campaign. Chelsea went into their second final of the season under the Wembley arches hoping to take revenge against Liverpool after the Reds beat them 11-10 on penalties in the Carabao Cup final in February, thanks to Kepa Arrizabalaga's woeful spot-kick. Marcos Alonso hit the bar, Christian Pulisic went close and Romelu Lukaku threatened as the west London outfit huffed and puffed for an equaliser, albeit to no substance as penalties once again loomed. Mason Mount's miss gave Kostas Tsimikas the chance to win the game from the spot, with the Greek sending Edouard Mendy the wrong way to lift a seventh title for the Merseyside club. But despite their two losses, Tuchel believed his side were unlucky not to win the double having taken arguably the world's best side to the limit on both occasions. And the German claimed they would be back to their best for the rest of the season, with Leicester looming on Thursday afternoon. JUST IN: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea "I feel different levels of disappointment after matches, finals, and losses in general," Tuchel said. "Everyone was disappointed and sad but we had the feeling we left it all out there. "Arguably we deserved more in these two finals but Liverpool deserved too. We had no regrets. This is a level of disappointment and loss you can get over quickly because you are ok with yourself. It's what we demand of ourselves and demand of them. "Yesterday's training was good, with the atmosphere we want. We had two days off to digest it and we want to be ready tomorrow. READ MORE: Martin Tyler delights fans: Liverpool may need 'F1 race director' The German also detailed his decision to deny Ruben Loftus-Cheek from taking a penalty, despite coming on as a substitute himself in the 106th minute. The midfielder was brought off with just one minute left in place of Ross Barkley with penalties just moments away. The move baffled Chelsea fans, many of whom believed Loftus-Cheek had enough confidence and technique to score from 12 yards. But Tuchel claimed that it was due to the lack of data available that his star did not give him confidence to make the dreaded walk. "I'm not sure he would've been happy to shoot a penalty," Tuchel continued. "He wasn't on the list due to statistics. There are zero hard feelings and zero issues."