Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall are set to travel to Canada on May 17, as part of a three-day royal tour. Speaking on GB News, Royal expert Rafe Heydel-Mankoo discussed Charles and Camilla's short tour and how this is a "slap in the face" to the British monarchy. Speaking on GB News, Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "I think on the back of the visit to the Caribbean of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and also given what we've seen in Canada over the past year or two in regards to the treatment of the indigenous people, we've seen the toppling of statues of Kings and Queens of Canada, setting alight of churches by indigenous people, I think there's going to be a certain degree of trepidation". Mr Heydel-Manko added: "This is a very limited trip, this is only three days. "This is the shortest trip, this and the last one under the Trudeau government, that we've ever seen before". He continued: Normally the Royal Family would come for a week, sometimes even two weeks, more than two weeks in terms of Charles in 1983, with Diana. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry makes huge political plea in US as Duke demands 'new laws' "This is a very limited visit so there won't be many opportunities for public protests". Mr Heydel-Manko said the short visit is a "case of the current liberal government in Canada not being very keen on the monarchy" He added: "You've seen a very reduced celebration for the Platinum Jubilee compared to the Diamond Jubilee. "For example, Canada has always issued Jubilee medals, and Coronation medals, and this is the first time in history that Canada isn't issuing a Platinum Jubilee medal, despite protests from the opposition and on the provincial level, they are having their own medals done in protest to what Trudeau has done, which I think its a bit of a slap in the face to the monarchy". READ MORE: Prince Harry talks Archie and Lilibet as he slams internet harm 'We need new laws' The itinerary for short tour includes stops in Newfoundland and Labrador, the National Capital Region and the Northwest Territories. The three-day tour will focus on Indigenous reconciliation and climate change. Charles visited Canada for the first time in 1970 and this visit will be his 19th trip to the country. This trip will be Camilla fifth visit. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Clarence House said: "[Charles] has long believed that we need to learn from indigenous peoples around the world how better we should live in and care for nature and the planet. "[This tour] will highlight an emphasis on learning from indigenous peoples in Canada' and focus on 'a more sustainable way of living with global warming'.