Nadine Dorries recently warned the BBC it was time to "wake up and smell the coffee" as she explained a review of the licence fee was imminent. BBC News at 10 presenter Huw Edwards, 60, revealed he had been told by other MPs that the Culture Secretary's claims were "nonsense" and had been advised not to "listen". "I can see the arguments against the licence fee," the journalist explained. "But I’m yet to see an argument for a system that would – and this is crucial – sustain the BBC in its full public-service remit. "Because subscription doesn’t do that. And even Conservative MPs who don’t like the licence fee admit that… I believe – and [BBC director general] Tim Davie believes – it’s up to us to make a case about the BBC’s place in public life." Speaking to Men's Health magazine, he went on to argue: "I have no doubt that the majority of the British public support the BBC in its current form. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast "But I do think we’re sometimes not robust enough in our arguments – and I hope Tim won’t be upset by me saying this." He added: "I’ll say this just as an aside: on the day that Nadine Dorries made remarks about abolishing the licence fee, I was receiving texts from senior Tories saying, ‘Don’t listen to that, it’s nonsense.’" It comes as the secretary told the DCMS Committee she anticipated the review of the BBC's funding model to begin "considerably before the summer recess". She explained: “We've come to a point actually where discussion about the future funding of the BBC, I think, is imperative now." “I find it very difficult to understand why people feel 74 percent of all convictions of non-paying the licence fee being women is acceptable or even defendable." “So, rather than wait until 2027, I'm going to announce very shortly that we're going to start the review of the BBC licence fee and how it's going to be funded in the future." “I anticipate it will take about six months and I want to get it started as soon as possible and we will be announcing the terms of reference for the review very shortly." DON'T MISS... Amanda Burton opens up on surprise return to Silent Witness [EXCLUSIVE]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [VIDEO]Emmerdale theory: Leyla's life on the line over Suzy secret [THEORY] The 64-year-old went on: “I know that there are people who are saying, 'I know you are going to move to a subscription model.' I am completely hands-off as to what that review will look like and what will happen in that review in the future. "The BBC will be part of that review and right now if anybody knows of an independent chair who would like to chair that review please let me know because I am on the hunt for an independent chair to chair that review." After responding to the statement, Huw also opened up the publication about his mental health. He explained he had been "clear" about his struggle with depression. "You're kind of pushing your way through it," he admitted. Huw also detailed how boxing helps when he feels himself "on the slide". The BBC licence fee has been the subject of debate for some time, with several claiming the tax is unnecessary. The BBC had agreed to foot the bill for TV licences for the over 75s, but they have recently told pensioners they must pay if they are not in receipt of pension credits. Huw Edwards was speaking to Men’s Health UK ‘Talking Heads’ columnist, Alastair Campbell, in the June issue of the magazine, on sale from May 25.