Owain Wyn Evans is a regular face on BBC Breakfast and he is putting his resilience to the ultimate test in another series on the network. He has been taking part in BBC One's Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof and has experienced many emotional moments. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the weather star's age. Owain has put himself through his paces in Freeze the Fear as his emotional vulnerabilities have surfaced in front of viewers. The brave weather presenter will be taking on a spine-chilling endurance challenge called the Ice Ladder in the upcoming episode. With it being their coldest experience so far, fans will be rooting for Owain to face his fears. He began his broadcasting career at just 18 years old, presenting a Welsh children's programme called Ffeil. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? Owain is now 38 years old and he celebrates his birthday on March 9, 1984. After his teenage years, he worked as a reporter for BBC Wales and started presenting the weather on BBC Wales Today. Following a number of appearances on celebrity game shows, he made his BBC Breakfast debut in February 2021. The TV and radio star married his partner Arran Rees in 2017, having been engaged for four years. On their next steps, Owain said he and his husband had spoken about having children. Back in 2014, he told Wales Online: "Arran and I have spoken about children. We would like to adopt when the time is right. “We would not mind whether it was a boy or a girl. There are so many kids that need to be adopted." The weather presenter has opened up about his childhood in Ammanford, Wales, on Freeze the Fear. He admitted he had anxiety and grew up struggling with his identity. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Owain Wyn Evans slams viewer's 'camp drummer' jibe [DISCUSSION] Owain Wyn Hughes fights back tears praising Children in Need heroes [VIDEO] Freeze the Fear viewers blast 'bizarre format' [DISCUSSION] Owain has been hitting back at other people's perceptions after viewers discovered he was a talented drummer. The star raised millions of pounds for Children in Need for his 24-hour drumathon and was keen to let people know he was happy to be himself. Speaking to The Guardian in 2021 he said: “When I was in school I was called names because I was an effeminate child. "So I used the drums in a way to deflect the heat. No one wants to be picked on, and when you’re a child or a teenager you probably don’t have the tools to be able to deal with it in a mature way.” Although he was bullied, he refused to "tone down" his personality and was keen to encourage others to embrace who they are. The star is on Instagram and he recently thanked his followers for supporting him on Freeze the Fear. He said: "Thank you for the lovely messages about Freeze the Fear. So many people have wanted to chat to me about the show and how it was filmed. "It was an incredible experience and I can’t wait for you to see the rest of the series!"  Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof airs on BBC One on Tuesdays at 9pm.