Manchester City might just have stopped Mikel Arteta getting his dream transfer in Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal are desperate to bring in a striker and the Brazilian is a top target in the summer window. City boss Pep Guardiola would rather keep hold of Jesus this summer rather than lose him after slapping on a huge transfer value. It comes amid strong interest from Arsenal. Arteta has made signing a striker a priority this summer after losing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January while his remaining options - Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette - are out of contract. Both are expected to depart at the end of the season. Several options are tipped to make the move with Arsenal's scouts out in action. Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez has been strongly linked while the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Raul de Tomas, Victor Osimhen and Alexander Isak. But the main man to have been linked with a move to the Emirates is Jesus, who could be on his way out of the Etihad this year. The impending arrival of Erling Haaland will further push the Brazilian down the pecking order, while he has already struggled for game-time. However, according to ESPN, Guardiola might block a prospective transfer this summer as he does not want to lose Jesus - especially to another Premier League team. The price has also caused some concerns at the Emirates after being valued at £55million. The 25-year-old only has one year left on his contract at City and Arsenal have been lifted stunned by how high the price has been set considering he could leave for nothing in 2023. However, that is largely down to the fact that Guardiola is not happy seeing the forward go - despite the impending arrival of Haaland. Jesus might not have played as regularly as he would have liked at the Etihad but the Catalan coach sees him as an ideal player in his seamless attack, able to play across the entire frontline. That is despite the fact that the former Palmeiras star has started just 20 Premier League games this season. Arsenal might have relinquished control in this transfer saga already, though, with Champions League football next year looking unlikely at the moment. With one game left, Tottenham only need a draw against Norwich to almost certainly promise themselves a campaign in Europe's most prestigious competition. It means that the Gunners might have to temper their expectations in the transfer window this summer and aim their sights lower, especially in terms of player values. Arteta wants to bring in at least two strikers and such a position often does not come cheap.