Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has identified his first major target at the club. Ten Hag enters Old Trafford on the back of United's worst Premier League season in history, but he has outlined what he understands is his first task after taking charge. The Red Devils' sixth-place finish on 58 points confirmed their absence from the Champions League next season. Tottenham Hotspur have taken their place in Europe's elite competition after edging Arsenal to fourth, joining Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea as England's representatives. Speaking to United in his first official interview as boss, Ten Hag has confirmed he plans to spearhead a return as a priority. The Dutchman explained that while the club have to accept the current lowly situation they find themselves in, it's important to get back to where they 'belong'. He said: "I said this is the project, to bring Man United back on top, but also we have to accept the current situation we are in. First of all, Man United belong in the Champions League, so that will be the first target." JUST IN: Liverpool's four alternatives if Tchouameni snubs Reds for Real Madrid United are suffered one of the longest trophy droughts in the club's illustrious history, failing to lift silverware since the 2017 Europa League. However, Ten Hag also expressed his hunger to win every game in every competition and stressed the importance of silverware on top of Champions League qualification. "[It's] important [to get silverware]," Ten Hag continued. "For me, every game is important. We want to win every game, and that has to be the attitude of everyone. Players, but also staff and all the other ones in the club. Every game is important, and we will give our best every game to win and to come forward." READ MORE: Man Utd star Ronaldo's comments backfire after Crystal Palace defeat  The 52-year-old isn't a stranger to big games in both domestic and European competitions, and he's ready for the challenge in the Premier League, widely deemed the most competitive league across Europe. "Yeah, of course. They are exciting games because you get challenged by the best managers, by the best players. He added: "I'm really looking forward to it, but I think every game is a challenge. Every game, you can get three points, so you have to prepare for every game well, and I repeat myself: it's a big challenge, and I look forward to every game, but we have to go from game to game and don't look forward too far. I live by the day, and the first game is always the most important game." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.