The Queen has kept a low public profile in recent months and last appeared publicly at Prince Philip's memorial service in late March. But the monarch made an appearance at the Royal Windsor Horse Show today to watch her granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor take to the arena.  The monarch, 96, was all smiles as she watched Louise, 18, mark the centenary of the Fell Pony Society in a carriage display. Like the Queen, Louise is known to adore horses and has frequently been pictured horse riding around the Queen's various estates. And while Louise can call perhaps the most famous woman in the world her grandmother, the pair are known to share a sweet relationship like any grandparent and granddaughter. Louise's mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex previously told the Sunday Times that although she is the Queen, to Louise and James she is simply their grandmother.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice enjoys night away from ‘screaming baby’ Sophie said in 2020: "I guess not everyone's grandparents live in a castle, but where you are going is not the important part, or who they are. "When they are with the Queen, she is their grandmother." The Wessex family reside a short drive away from Windsor Castle at Bagshot Park, so Louise and her brother James were lucky to spend much of their childhood with the Queen being just around the corner. Louise was also known to have a close relationship with her late grandfather Prince Philip, who died last April.   Louise's love of carriage driving was influenced by the Duke, who famously increased the public profile of the sport by competing in several international competitions. Royal historian Marlene Koenig previously told Express.co.uk: "Look how good the relationship the Queen has with Lady Louise and Viscount Severn. They're very close, and Louise was very close to her grandfather. "We know he left a carriage to her and she shared his love for carriage driving, which I think he must have loved." On the first anniversary of his death last month, Louis paid tribute to her grandfather by driving the carriage she inherited at an event in his honour.  DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee trifle recipe: The ingredients you need [RECIPE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [INSIGHT]Prince Charles stepping up as regent for Queen is 'speculation' [ANALYSIS] Louise has previously spoken of how "lovely" it was to have Philip as a mentor in the BBC programme, Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers, which aired last year. She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been lovely but slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much." She added: "After a competition, he'd always ask me how it went. "His eyes would light up because he just gets so excited when he talks about it." 