On Thursday, Rishi Sunak set out his new cost of living measures to help households tackle the rise in energy bills. He announced a £400 discount on energy bills for all households as well as eight million homes on means-tested benefits receiving a one-off £650 payment. These two grants form part of a package to help households with spiralling costs but Naga Munchetty hit out at Sunak over giving the “wealthy” support during his appearance on BBC Breakfast. Munchetty asked: “Does it feel right to you that someone in your financial position receives a £400 grant or someone with a second home receives two lots of £400 grants.” “As I said, and second homes count for one or two percent…,” Sunak replied. Interrupting, the host said: “That’s not the point though, is it? “The point is the wealthy who don’t need the grant are receiving the grant. Does that seem right to you?” Read more: Naga Munchetty bids farewell as co-star steps away from BBC Breakfast “The point is when you’re trying to make policy for tens of millions of people there are only a couple of practical ways that you can do that,” Sunak replied. “In an ideal, perfect, theoretical world what you’re saying is of course right but we have to deal with the practical reality of dealing with policy and delivering support to tens of millions of people and there aren’t that many ways you can do it. “There are two main ways, one is the council tax system and the other is through energy bills on a more universal basis. “We picked one and it’s reasonable for you to ask your questions and if we’d picked the other I’m 100 percent sure we’d be spending all this time talking about deserving people who feel they’d missed out.” “I wanted to make sure they were all covered and that’s why I’ve gone for the way that we have,” he added. Munchetty asked: “What about those in higher tax brackets who earner more money don’t get the £400 grant?” “Because our tax system is based on an individual basis, not a household basis whereas people pay energy bills on a household basis,” Sunak hit back. “As our welfare system works on a household basis, what we’re trying to do is provide support to households. DON'T MISS‘So sorry!’ Naga Munchetty forced to apologise to guest on air [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise's DI Jack Mooney star details problem with series [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [VIDEO] “Our tax system is done on an individual basis and that’s actually something we’re looking at because over time it would be nice, as you suggest if we had the information in Government to look at household income.” “Unfortunately we don’t have that today,” he continued. “You don’t know how many people are living in a home so you don’t have a sense of their overall household income if you only know the income of individual people.” However, BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to praise Munchetty’s grilled of Sunak as @BChalklin tweeted: “Naga did an excellent interview. I wouldn’t trust Sunak further than I can see him but he is more intelligent than the rest of the cabinet. Brilliant questioning.” “Naga Munchetty owning Sunak on @BBCBreakfast right now. You go, girl!” @lumpwristed agreed. @SKingdonWard quipped: “@TVNaga01@BBCBreakfast Naga serves, Sunak swerves. Game, set and match to Naga Munchetty for interview technique. It's just a shame the answers the public deserve are not forthcoming.” Meanwhile, @fiend_mrs disagreed: “@BBCBreakfast Rishi Sunak - grace under pressure. He's a great example of how things of this nature need to be dealt with. Eloquent and clearly confident in his own decisions.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.