Newcastle have reportedly joined three other teams in the race to sign Arsenal star William Saliba. The Frenchman spent last season on loan at Marseille and impressed many as they secured second place in Ligue 1. But there is no guarantee that his performances have done enough to convince Mikel Arteta to give him a place in his Gunners squad. With his future still uncertain interested suitors are beginning to circle around the 21-year-old. Marseille have frequently made it clear that they would love to bring the defender back to Orange Velodrome. But according to reports in France, they have now been joined by Newcastle, Napoli and Atletico Madrid in the race for the defender. Those clubs are said to be ready to test Arsenal's 'resolve' to keep Saliba at the Emirates Stadium. They are now left waiting on Arteta's decision about Saliba's future, with the 21-year-old still yet to play a competitive game under his management. READ MORE: Arsenal 'make decision' on meeting Juventus' Arthur Melo price-tag Marseille president Pablo Longoria has revealed his club are waiting in the wings if Saliba becomes avaliable. And he also hinted that it was Saliba's desire to return to play under Sampaoli next season. “We had a lot of conversations analysing William Saliba’s season, especially in the last few days. He’s coming off an extraordinary season, with one of the highest number of matches played in Europe," Longoria told RMC Sports. DON'T MISS: Saliba saga takes new twist as Marseille chief ignores Arteta promise (NEWS)Eddie Nketiah's stance on Arsenal stay as 'final contract offer' made (INSIGHT)Arsenal 'interested in Serge Gnabry' and 'can imagine Gunners return' (TRANSFERS) "He also joined the France team, which is incredible at his age. We discussed a lot internally about what we can do, to find out what the possibilities are. We respect his club, we have to thank Arsenal. It’s a friendly club that helped us a lot during the last transfer window. "We have very good relations. We have to talk to each other, see if there is the possibility of reaching an agreement between the clubs, there is the player’s will, the club’s will… But above all, we must respect Arsenal.”