TUI had already cancelled its trips to Sri Lanka until the end of May but has now extended the pause. The Government has advised against all but essential travel to Sri Lanka. TUI said: “Due to the ongoing political and economic instability in Sri Lanka, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) have advised against all but essential travel. “As a result, we’ve unfortunately had to cancel all holidays to Sri Lanka departing up to and including June 12 2022. “We will be proactively contacting all impacted customers in departure date order to discuss their options. “Please note this advice does not apply to customers transiting through Sri Lanka’s international airport and customers currently in resort can continue to enjoy their holiday as planned. READ MORE: TUI honeymoon 'ruined' after man banned from flight over passport rule “We will continue to monitor the situation and update customers should there be any further updates. “We would like to thank our customers for their understanding at this time.” TUI customers currently on holiday in Sri Lanka can continue their holiday as planned despite the advice. Britons transiting through Sri Lanka’s airport are also not affected by the advice and can continue as planned. The Government states: “A State of Emergency has been declared in Sri Lanka, and curfews are being imposed at short notice. “Several incidents took place on May 9 involving violence against peaceful protestors, including in the Galle Face area in Colombo, where the security authorities used tear gas and water cannons. “Incidents also took place near Beira Lake in Colombo, Kandy, and in other parts of the country, resulting in injuries and loss of life. “Further incidents could take place. If you are in Sri Lanka at this time, you should avoid all protests and follow the advice of local authorities.” The FCDO added that there are shortages of basic necessities including medicine, cooking gas, fuel and food in Sri Lanka. There may also be long queues at shops and supermarkets, fuel stations and at pharmacies. Curfews could also be imposed at short notice and strikes could take place in Sri Lanka with little warning. The Government advises British citizens to carry their passport at all times and follow local news for information. Sri Lanka is usually a popular long-haul tourist destination for Britons with many visiting the country’s beaches. Tourists also travel to explore the coastal town of Galle or to enjoy an elephant safari at a national park. Sri Lanka is also a popular cricket tourism destination and many Britons have travelled there in the past. Britons currently in Sri Lanka are advised to follow all local advice and avoid any protests or large crowds.