The Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. As of recent months, Charles has stepped up his involvement in royal duties and such responsibilities have prepared him for his future role within the monarchy. According to royal author Tina Brown, the heir to the throne will be a "steady force" when he becomes King. Speaking to Margaret Hoover, on US show Firing Line, Ms Brown said: "Prince Charles, actually, although there's quite a lot of pessimism about him taking over, I actually think he's going to be a steady force. "His interests and his passions, which were for many years mocked, have turned out to be very prescient. She added: "You know, he cares strongly about the environment, organic farming, you know, climate change". "These are his authentic passions". READ MORE: 'Heightened security' Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return Ms Brown continued: "They happen to, sort of, dovetail with the moment that he's going to be stepping onto the throne. "I actually think that it's going to be a lot better than some people think". The Queen's death will be a tragic day for Britain and the rest of the world, but it will also spell a major change in the British monarchy. Once he becomes King, it has earlier been reported that Charles plans for a "slimmed down monarchy". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry facing 'lifelong battle' after abandoning Queen's tactic During his reign as heir to the throne, Prince Charles is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in British royal history. During recent months, Charles has taken a lead role in stepping in for the Queen at major royal events. The most recent was at the State Opening of Parliament, which took place on May 10. DON'T MISS Although the 73-year-old represented his mother, the heir was joined by his wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Wales and his eldest son Prince William. At the event, Charles stepped in to deliver the Queen's Speech. He delivered the speech from the consort's throne, which has been used by his late father, Prince Philip for decades. Referring to the Speech, body language expert Darren Stanton said, "While delivering the Queen’s speech, Charles appeared focused and adopted elements of the stoicism his mother has become known for".