One of the most iconic movie cars of all time has been reimagined as an EV and the results are spectacular. After months of teasing, DeLorean unveiled the ‘Alpha5’ - a battery-powered supercar that’s far removed from the classic wedge shape of the Back to the Future car. The original DeLorean motor company (DMC) is long extinct, but the new organisation has plans to launch several cars following the Alpha5. That car will be put into production some time in 2024 with an initial run of just 88, a nod to the 88mph speed needed to send the movie car back to the future. CEO Joost de Vries said that the car will have the performance to match “the Mercedes-AMG GT and maybe the higher-end Porsche Taycans,” reported Auto Car. It will get from 0–60mph in around 2.99 sec, top out at a limited 150mph and have an estimated range of around 300 miles. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past The DeLorean EV will feature two large electronically powered gullwing doors that each expose the first and second row of seating. Pricing is expected to be in the $175,000 range, with production expected to begin at DMC's new San Antonio, Texas facility. It’s likely to have a 100kw battery pack powering dual motors. And that 88mph speed limit should be reached in a staggering 4.3 seconds. DON'T MISSDriver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as councils get new powers to fine for traffic offences [WARNING]Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [RISK OF FINES] De Vries added: “The car is being built in Italy – we’ve outsourced that – and we have some partners in the UK on the powertrain side.” Each of the 88 cars will serve as an avatar for an associated Non Fungible Token, meaning they won’t be road-registered and suitable only for track use. The rest of the production run, while still low-volume, will be built and marketed more conventionally and so will be road legal. Like the 1981 original, the new car has been designed by Italdesign and there are several nods to the classic vehicle. And sketches found in Italy revealed designs for SUVs and other vehicles. De Vries continued: “In Italy, they never really stopped designing DeLoreans, which was awesome.” A coupe, a saloon and then an SUV will follow the Alpha5, all in much bigger numbers. De Vries said: “We need an SUV for volume. The business case is an SUV that will be launched very quickly after we launch our halo car, but we need that halo car first.” DeLorean will now have another round of funding, possibly in August. De Vries explained: “We will be a public company. “We have to be. Building cars isn’t cheap, and you need lots of money to make it happen.” Approximately 9,000 DeLoreans were made between 1981-1983.It is believed that approximately 6,000 of them survive today and are still on the road.