AMC drama Better Call Saul is now on a midseason break after airing quite the instalment. Season six, episode eight titled Plan and Execution packed a punch, leaving fans to mull on the story. Express.co.uk takes a look at one of the biggest exits from the Breaking Bad prequel series. Attorney Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) met a brutal end on Better Call Saul in the season six midseason finale after the character was shot dead by cartel member Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). The cocky lawyer was shot in the head by the drug lord after ending up in the wrong place at the wrong time. Howard had unexpectedly turned up at Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim Wexler’s (Rhea Seehorn) house to confront them about their revenge plot against him. Both Kim and Jimmy tried to get the stubborn and arrogant attorney to leave but he refused to budge. READ MORE: When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? Sadly, Howard’s row with Jimmy and Kim was interrupted by Lalo, who also arrived to discuss matters only to find the HHM partner there. Without much thought, Lalo took out Howard with Kim and Jimmy in shock at the cold-blooded killing. The moment served as a cliffhanger and will take audiences into the second half of the final series as the timeline to parent series Breaking Bad starts to join up. Howard’s death marked the end of the character after seven years on Better Call Saul. Actor Fabian said he found out about Howard’s death from Better Call Saul creators Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould and executive producer Melissa Bernstein, who contacted him prior to the start of season six. At the time, the actor wasn’t told how exactly Howard would be bowing out, simply his character wouldn’t be needed at a certain point. Howard’s death was a narrative decision rather than a choice by the actor. The star admitted Howard’s death hit him hard: “Honestly, after it happened, I physically put my hands on my knees and bent over. The wind was sort of taken out of me. DON'T MISS...Breaking Bad DVD case spotted on the bookshelf in BREAKING BAD [PICTURE]Why is Better Call Saul ending after season 6? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Better Call Saul season 6? [EXPLAINER] “I think I’ve been shot before, or I’ve been killed before onscreen. But there’s a finality to it, character-wise and job-wise and life-wise.” Fabian only learnt the nature of Howard’s end in the scripts with the rest of the cast, saying it was co-star Seehorn who called him when the episode dropped for the actors to read. He said: “I have to say, as much as it plays out on the screen, on the page it also is very abrupt. “There’s that weird finality where you go, ‘Did I just read what I read?’ It’s supposed to linger and have that impact.” Reflecting on Howard’s character, who was initially set up as ‘Lord Vader’, Fabian said the character actually had “decency” about him. However, by season six he had lost compassion and patience for Kim and Jimmy for their deceitful ways which ultimately led to his tragic demise. He said Howard was murdered by Lalo simply for being “in the way” and “a problem” to be dealt with. Fabian added to Vanity Fair: “So I’m just disposable. I’m a fly. He needs to talk to Jimmy and Kim right now. Who’s this guy? Get out of the way.” Better Call Saul season 6 returns to AMC and AMC+ on July 11