Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta can recreate the hugely successful partnership of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil next season. Sanchez and Ozil are two fan favourites of the Emirates era and the signing of Serge Gnabry could bring about a new deadly duo. Gnabry is linked with a move back to the Emirates, six years after leaving. The Germany international has become an established star for Bayern Munich in recent years. And if he were to move back to north London, he and Martin Odegaard could form a formidable partnership. Odegaard is the chief creator in the Arsenal side, just as Ozil was during his spell at the club. Ozil joined Arsenal from Real Madrid in 2013 in a then club-record deal. A year later, Sanchez arrived from Barcelona and arguably became the Gunners' greatest signing in the last decade. READ MORE: Arsenal signing Serge Gnabry could be bad news for four players after transfer boost  Gnabry could mirror the arrival of Sanchez, joining 12 months after Odegaard's permanent move to Arsenal, just as the Chilean did with Ozil. Odegaard finished his first full season at Arsenal as the fourth-leading chance creator in the Premier League. Only Trent Alexander-Arnold, Bruno Fernandes and Kevin De Bruyne provided more opportunities for his team-mates than Odegaard's 77. However, the Norwegian only registered four assists in the top flight. It is clear Arsenal need clinical goalscorers in their team and they will sign a striker this summer. But goals from out wide are important and Gnabry can certainly provide that. The 26-year-old has enjoyed his best goalscoring season in the Bundesliga with 14 strikes to his name, despite starting just 25 matches. It brings about another similarity to Sanchez, who also joined the Gunners after his best campaign in front of goal. DON'T MISSTransfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest [BLOG]Roy Keane proven right on Man Utd decision as Ralf Rangnick exit confirmed [QUOTES]Man Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani [OPINION]  Sanchez reached double figures in the Premier League in his first two seasons before hitting 24 goals in the top flight in the 2016/17 campaign. Ozil was a common provider for the forward throughout his time at the Emirates. Odegaard is set to have a new striker to seek out next season, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus a top target. But Gnabry would add an extra dimension to the team. He, like Sanchez, can play across the frontline, even filling in as a striker at times for Bayern this season. Gnabry is entering his prime at the age of 26 and has an affiliation with Arsenal due to his previous spell at the club. It would be a signing almost every Arsenal supporter would be excited by. And the prospect of seeing a new Ozil and Sanchez partnership at the Emirates will only build the anticipation further.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here