Ann, a 84-year-old retiree, has turned off her night storage heaters and moved her bed into the lounge because it’s warmer. She remembers the things her parents used to do during World War 2 to save money and has shared her tips to help others. The cost of living crisis is forcing Britons to live like people did in the 1940s when people were struggling to make ends meet because of World War 2. As energy bills continue to soar, people are resorting to using little or no electricity and gas to try and cut costs. One pensioner told Express.co.uk her electricity bill has risen from £65 to £97 so she has turned off her heating and sleeps in the lounge. She has also resorted to washing in a “basin bath” which was common when she was growing up. READ MORE: ‘Unbeatable’: Top savings account offers 1.5% interest plus up to £400 Ann said she has “a good memory of the economies of the times” and is doing what many people did back then. She has a "basin bath" instead of a shower and says other “war babies” refer to them as “bird baths”. Ann said: “If I’m chilly I wear a wool zip jacket with light weight fleece under it - I have a granny shawl too. “I don’t use the oven. I bulk buy mini microwaveable meals. Lovely selection, delivered to my flat.”  Before retiring, the widower worked as a tutor: “I was an adult tutor for many years to mainly elderly men and women, and have remained in contact with many of them since I retired in 2013." When her husband died, Ann downsized from a two-bedroom flat to a one bed and sold her car. Now, the widower’s only luxury is a computer which she uses to keep in touch with family and friends and read the news. But despite her challenges, Ann remains upbeat. Ann said: “I know that there are some pensioners much worse off than myself. It's so wrong." While no-one can escape the cost of living crisis, pensioners are one of the worst hit groups, according to Age UK. Three-quarters of older people in the UK, 9.4 million people, are worried about the rising cost of living, according to research for the charity. Ron told Age UK: “Surviving on the state pension with guaranteed pension credit just about keeps your head above water." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, he described how things were going to get a lot worse for the older generation. “With the expected rise in utility bills I, like many more, will be slowly sinking,” Ron said. Have you got a story to tell? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has any useful money saving tips. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 