Fern Britton, 64, sparked a deluge of messages on social media after stating that the Queen “isn’t going anywhere for some time”. The former This Morning star had taken to Twitter to share a picture of the Monarch at the The Windsor Horse Show. The Queen had recently prompted concerns among observers after she handed over a number of duties to younger royals by pulling out of attending this year's palace garden parties. But Her Majesty appeared to be in great spirits on Friday as she attended the Royal Windsor Horse Show after missing the first day of the event. In view of her 112,400 Twitter followers, Fern shared a photo on Friday of the Monarch smiling broadly alongside the Earl and the Countess of Wessex. She captioned the snap: “The Queen at the The Windsor Horse Show. She looks wonderful. “I don’t believe she’s going anywhere for some time!!!” Royal fans were quick to reply to the tweet to discuss the ongoing concerns surrounding the Queen’s health. Hunter1_lj tweeted: “I pray not. It's just her mobility isn't always great. “But happy to see Her Majesty, @RoyalFamily enjoying one of her passions. Good morning  Ma'am.” SarahLouisaColl said: “What a great photo; Hoping it is just mobility. I think Edward and Sophie are wonderful for and with her.” Kittiekatster added: “As much as we're being told otherwise. Maybe the helicopter ride will do her good, fresh air up there amongst the chemtrails.” Helenaturner21 wrote: “Wasn’t it lovely to see her out today watching something she adores, her smile radiated pure joy.” (sic) Earlier this month, it was confirmed the Queen is set to miss this year’s royal garden party season. DON'T MISSJane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [LATEST]Maneskin's Damiano David supports girlfriend amid agonising condition [INSIGHT]Spain leaves little to imagination with bare bum cheeks at Eurovision [PICTURES] Buckingham Palace said: “Her Majesty the Queen will be represented by other members of the Royal Family at this year’s garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course.” The monarch’s duties at the garden parties will be shared out among the wider Royal Family, rather than delegated to a specific member. The events will take place at Buckingham Palace on May 11,18 and 25, and at the Palace of Holyroodhouse on June 29. The Queen also pulled out of her annual Queen's speech to open Parliament for the first time in decades, with a statement from Buckingham Palace explaining she was experiencing mobility issues. The statement read: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament. “At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance. “The Queen had to sign new letter patent to allow Prince Charles to read her speech at the State Opening tomorrow. He is doing so as a Counsellor of State. “Prince William is joining him as two Counsellor of State are required to perform any of the Queen’s constitutional duties."