Rafael Nadal will have to overcome his dislike for playing at night if he wants to gain vengeance against Novak Djokovic in the French Open quarter-finals. The two tennis icons will clash at Roland Garros on Tuesday, with their meeting set for an 8:45pm local start time on Court Philippe-Chatrier. Djokovic looks back to his ruthless best and has so far won all four of his French Open matches in straight sets. Meanwhile, Nadal had to win a deciding fifth set to navigate past Canadian ninth seed Felix Auger Aliassime on Sunday. Much to Nadal's disgruntlement, the pair's 59th professional meeting is unsurprisingly Tuesday's main event in Paris. Earlier this week, the record 13-time French Open winner complained about having to play night sessions because the slower conditions don't suit his play style. He said: "I don't like night sessions on clay. I don't like to play on clay during the night because the humidity is higher, the ball is slower, and there can be very heavy conditions, especially when it's cold. I think that makes a big difference between the way tennis is played on clay during the night and during the day." JUST IN: Nadal coach hits out at French Open decision as Djokovic gets benefit Djokovic ended Nadal's four-year run of dominance at the French Open in 2021, defeating the Spaniard in their last clash 3-6 6-3 7-6(4) 6-2 in the semi-finals. And after falling short against the eventual tournament winner, the latter made his thoughts about playing at night clear. "I left it all out there, physically and mentally," Nadal explained. "I can play better; that's reality. It was the evening; conditions were slower. It's not an excuse. He adapted better; my shots don't have the same oomph when it's like that." READ MORE: Nadal and Djokovic get French Open huge boost as Medvedev crashes out Second seed Daniil Medvedev and fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas both suffered fourth-round exits, but Alexander Zverev faces Carlos Alcaraz in another stellar affair before Nadal and Djokovic. Casper Ruud takes on Holger Rune before Andrey Rublev squares off against Marin Cilic in Wednesday's quarter-final lineup. Nadal and Djokovic is undoubtedly the headline tie of the round, though. The clay-court legend is vying to extend his record of 21 Grand Slam wins, whilst Djokovic can move one ahead of Roger Federer to draw level if he retains his French Open crown.