Parents have received an altered Child Benefit payment today, leaving them wondering why some of their benefit is missing. Caregivers have been left confused by the considerably smaller amount deposited into their bank, after no warning from Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) about why the change was made. One parent on social media said: "Is there an issue with child benefit payments? My bank shows only £36.25 being paid tomorrow instead of the usual amount." Parents unaware of the changes who have attempted to contact HMRC have been unable to speak with advisors due to "technical issues". HMRC customer support on Twitter replied to those unable to get through, saying: "We're aware of issues with the telephone lines." But the change doesn’t mean parents and caregivers will be missing out on their usual amount. READ MORE: Child Benefit: Parents left confused after getting small early payment The change in payment date is due to the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend next week. HMRC said that families getting child benefit, who normally get paid every four weeks, will get two separate payments. An HMRC spokesperson said: “In short, it’s just processes and working them around the bank holidays, and nothing for customers to worry about. “We usually process payments for customers on Thursday and Fridays for the following Monday and Tuesday. Of course this isn’t possible because of the bank holidays falling on these two dates next week. “Instead, we processed payments due Monday 30 and Tuesday 31 May earlier this week, so that we can process payments due on Monday 6 June early next week (as opposed to the usual Thursday/Friday). “This will ensure customers receive payments due on Monday 6 and Tuesday 7 June on time. “In terms of the split payments, there were some things that we needed to iron out to ensure customers receive their payments on time because of the double bank holiday, which is why they have been processed in this way. “This however does not leave customers out of pocket as they will still receive the full amount on or before it is usually due.” DON'T MISSEnergy bills rebate loophole means some may get £400 'multiple times' [INSIGHT]Energy bills: Will all pensioners get £300? [EXPLAINER]What is classed as a low-income household? Sunak support eligibility [ANALYSIS] According to GOV.UK, if your payment is due on Monday, May 30 you’ll get: • one week’s worth of payment on Friday, May 27 • the remaining 3 weeks’ worth of payment on Monday, May 30 If your payment is due on Tuesday, May 31, you’ll get: • one week’s worth of payment on Monday, May 30 • the remaining 3 weeks’ worth of payment on Tuesday, May 31 The new rates from April 2022 are as follows: • Eldest or only child - £21.80• Additional children - £14.45