George Russell has claimed he has ‘definitely not outperformed’ Lewis Hamilton despite the Mercedes rookie's excellent start to the season. He claimed the pair had been ‘on a par this year’ and stressed Hamilton had simply got unlucky across the opening part of the season. He said: “Yeah definitely not outperformed. In racing, a lot of things have to sort of go your way and I think we’ve been on a par this year but things have just gone my way a little bit more than they have for him. “As a team, we are in a slightly different position than we are used to being. That one-tenth can make or break the weekend.” Russell also predicted Mercedes would be in a better place this weekend as the temperatures would ensure the team did not struggle with their tyres. The former Williams man has starred since his move to Mercedes having scored four successive top-five finishes. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton told of 14-driver queue for his Mercedes seat by Button Russell also scored his first Mercedes podium with a P3 at the Australian Grand Prix meaning he has outscored Hamilton at three of this season’s four races. The 24-year-old now lies fourth in the drivers’ standings and is less than 40 points behind current leader Charles Leclerc. Meanwhile, Hamilton has struggled for pace and lies seventh in the drivers’ standings, more than 50 points behind Leclerc. He has almost half the number of points as Russell after finishing 10th in Saudi Arabia and 13th at Imola. Russell’s comments come after former F1 champion Damon Hill also stressed Hamilton had been unfortunate. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell 'handling' bad Mercedes car better than Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton warned next two races are 'critical'  [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton hits back at 'spoiled' comments amid Mercedes nightmare [INSIGHT] He claimed the seven-time champion had been made to ‘look worse off’ than he really is across the opening part of the season. Hill said: “I think Lewis has been a little unlucky, has been delving around and has been happy to play the guy who tries the experimental set-up for Mercedes a bit because he has got more experience with them. So, perhaps he has gone the wrong way sometimes and that has made him look worse off than he is against George. But George is definitely doing a sterling job and I think that is a very firm foundation for him going forward. “He has not humiliated Lewis in any way I don’t think, I don’t see it like that."