 Piers Morgan is known for his thoughts on Meghan Markle and he is not afraid to air them. Now a week into his new TalkTV programme Piers Morgan: Uncensored, he has used his primetime slot to chime in on her cancelled Netflix animated series, which had the working title Pearl. The Duchess of Sussex and her husband Prince Harry announced their deal with the streaming giant in September 2020, but with a recent drop in subscribers and key shows cancelled, it was the latest project to end up on the cutting room floor.   Piers' TalkTV show has been heavily advertised and opened with a messy interview with former President Donald Trump. Settling into his stride in this new format, the TV personality opened up about Meghan's failed new show. On hearing the news, Piers said: "Let's face it, when the world's wokest production company axes the world's wokest project by the world's wokest celebrity, that's a whole new level of humiliation. "I wish Meghan sincerely all the very best at this very difficult time." Read More: 'Changes Labour made!' Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition    Pearl was to be an animated adventure that focuses on a 12-year-old who finds inspiration in a variety of influential women throughout history. Continuing to jab Meghan for her recent sad news, Piers began: "Now I don't believe in cancel culture, so I was obviously distraught to learn that the woman who cancelled me has now herself been cancelled." He continued: "Apparently, it was based on her very own rags to royalty story." Covering the pop culture news, he questioned if their $100million deal with Netflix was entirely off the table.   He ended with: "Meghan and Harry may be suddenly discovering that maybe the rest of the world isn't quite as excited by their self-righteous brand of pious, hypercritical, money-grabbing, virtue-signalling, royal bashing as they are." Viewers were quick to join in and share their insight into the news headline. Their views were sparked by the historic argument between Piers and Alex Beresford on Good Morning Britain. The pair had been arguing after Meghan's iconic interview with Oprah Winfrey and the debate ended in Piers storming off the GMB set. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]'Didn't want to' DI Ray star shares concerns over portraying ‘racist’ role in ITV series [LATEST]Jennie Bond on exactly why the royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [LATEST]  @harry71424 tweeted: "She didn’t cancel you, she just didn’t want to hang out with you. "You cancelled yourself while still trying to be nasty and mean about her." Kelly Free added: "When is Piers Morgan never not talking about Meghan Markle seriously his life revolves around this woman. "Fact is Netflix is losing large amount of subscribers and other shows are being cut, not just Meghan. This Meghan thing is getting boring no wonder why people are over it."  Val Hunt supported Piers and added: "Piers I love you, I was a big supporter anyway but especially agreed with your views on Meghan. "Is this why they came back to UK, HMTQ knows what she is doing, but sometimes I hate the old adage 'never complain, never explain' PLEASE COMPLAIN." (sic) Despite Pearl not taking off on Netflix, the streamer said their company Archewell Productions remains a valued partner. They continue to work together on several projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. When Pearl was announced, Meghan said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges." Fans of the pair will hope that, like Pearl, they can overcome this challenge. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. 