Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on social media. Fans of the sensation often shared their own tips and recommendations on Facebook groups. Cleaning enthusiast and Mrs Hinch fan Bev Louise said in one of the groups: "I seem to have the problem each year, my kids refuse to play in the garden because it’s swarming with ants. Thinking early this year, do any of you have foolproof remedies aside from the usual vinegar and hot water which I might add do absolutely nothing for them." Some of Mrs Hinch's fans' recommendations include orange and vinegar, icing sugar, bleach and hand sanitiser. Cleaning enthusiast and group user, Kirsty Gillies, explained: "Orange peel in vinegar for two weeks, then pour into a spray bottle. "It won't kill them, but they don't like it. I have also used talcum powder as they won't cross it." Allison Crone recommended: "We've used Nippon gel in past, it's sweet so they eat at it and take it back to nest. Worked well for us in the past." READ MORE: Royal fans divided over Princess Anne's 'crowded' living room  Another cleaning enthusiast, Kate Wills, explained she uses "cream of tartar around the holes". She said: "They hate it and won't cross it. Humane option. Then fill the holes. I had them once in a rented kitchen as they lived in the window bricks of the kitchen." Debbie Sykes said she used "alcohol hand gel" and it worked. "I get the ants coming up through the cracks of my patio and seems to kill them off straight away and shouldn't matter too much if it gets on your kids etc," she explained.  Facebook user Vicki Keane said: "We have had an ant problem for the last five years. We have used many different ant powders, spray, pastes, etc and nothing ever worked. They started to get in the house so I had to fill up holes I didn't know I had around the doors. "Then last year I got really fed up, I made a mix of part icing sugar and part baking soda/bicarb and sprinkled it on the nests in the garden. "Everyone told me not to, telling me it's an icing sugar mix, it will attract them and make it worse. "I did it once, left it for a week, then repeated it again and poured hot water on top. The nests dried out shortly after that. They usually appear around mid-Feb for us and they haven't returned this year - so far!" Jaime Mchugh also shared his method: "We use ant powder that usually works on the path. Ant traps are brilliant but won’t work if they get wet so if you put them out when it’s forecast dry for a few days, they take the poison back to the nest and after a couple of days they will be gone." Mrs Hinch fan Louise Stack recommended using bleach. She explained how: "Pour some into the ant hole!! "Be sure to find the other end where they come out and pour some down that hole also!! You won't ever see them again. "I did this three years ago and haven't had any back since!!" Jacqueline Pettigrew advised others to try Wilko's own make of bait traps as they "are really effective". "I dot them around the outside of the house and garden and they work really well and last the full 'season'," she said.