The UK housing market has continued to go from strength to strength in 2022, after initially soaring in the Covid pandemic. Buyer demand remains sky high as more Britons look to move up the housing ladder. The latest figures have revealed the price of the average home has now exceeded £250,000 for the first time. Despite still posting strong growth, initial signs are starting to emerge that the housing market is softening, according to the Zoopla House Price Index. In April, the price of a typical home in the UK rose by £456, taking the average value to £250,200. Compared with the previous two months, annual house price growth is down from nine percent to its current value. Annual house price growth is strongest countrywide in Wales, where it stands at 11.6 percent.  READ MORE: Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value Northern Ireland’s rate is 8.3 percent and Scotland finished bottom, with a score of 6.1 percent. The South West posted the best results in England, out of any region, ranking at 10.5 percent for annual house price growth. In second place was the East Midlands (10.2 percent), while the North West finished the top three, with a score of 9.8 percent. The remaining regions were as follows:  Of the major British cities surveyed by the real estate company, Aberdeen was the only one where house prices have fallen annually. The Scottish city saw the value of its properties drop by 1.7 percent. In comparison, the five cities which posted the best annual growth for house prices are as follows: DON'T MISS: Family on Champions League 'horror film' as 'hundreds with Stanley kni [NEWS]Netflix will be MOVED ON if cameras film Meghan and Harry at Jubilee [INSIGHT]Pests: ‘Most impactful’ way to ‘eliminate’ maggots from bins for free [EXPLAINER]  The average time it takes to sell a property is now starting to rise, after falling to very low levels earlier in 2022. Rising inflation and the cost of living crisis have been blamed as the reasons for why this trend has started to appear. Analysts predicted house prices to fall closer to the end of 2022, despite remaining steep. They said a clear indicator of this was that one in 20 houses were re-priced by at least five percent, in April.  The new average asking price is also some nine percent below the original value. More buyers are resisting higher prices, which indicates that even with high levels of demand, price growth may be hitting a natural ceiling. Zoopla said in its report that it’s “not expecting a raft of forced sales in 2022, which is usually the trigger for price falls”. 