UPDATE: The Frankfurt and Rangers starting line-ups are in ahead of the Europa League final tonight. You can find out how both teams line-up below... Frankfurt XI: Trapp; Toure, Tuta, N'Dicka; Knauff, Sow, Rode, Kostic; Lindstrom, Kamada, Borre Rangers XI: McGregor; Tavernier, Goldson, Bassey, Barisic; Jack, Lundstram, Kamara; Wright, Aribo, Kent ORIGINAL: Rangers are facing off against Eintracht Frankfurt in the final of the Europa League this evening. The big game from Seville is being broadcast on BT Sport, and usually you'd have to pay for either a BT Sport subscription or pick up a BT Sport Monthly Pass to get access to Europa League coverage. But for the final BT Sport is letting footie fans tune in for free, with the match being broadcast for free on YouTube. Both Rangers and Eintracht Frankfurt have enjoyed a stunning journey to the Europa League final. Rangers beat two German heavyweights on their way to the big match at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan. The Glasgow giants stunned Borussia Dortmund before later beating RB Leipzig to book their place in the final. While Eintracht Frankfurt swept aside European giants Barcelona in the quarter-final before beating David Moyes's West Ham in the semis. Both Rangers and Frankfurt have European silverware in their cabinet, but haven't tasted success for decades. Rangers' last glory in Europe was a Cup Winners Cup win in 1972, while for Frankfurt it was winning the UEFA Cup (which is the former Europa League) back in 1980.  BT Sport will be showing all the action live from the Europa League final today. The big European game will be broadcast on BT Sport 1 (Sky 413, Sky HD 870, Virgin 527, BT TV 430). Pre-match build-up begins at 6.30pm and kick-off is set for 8pm. Unlike other Europa League matches, the final has been made available to watch completely for free by BT. There are a number of ways you can tune in - you can either head to the BT Sport YouTube channel where you can watch a free broadcast, or you can watch the match via the BT Sport app. This app is available for smartphones as well as devices like Smart TVs, PlayStation and Xbox consoles as well as Android TV and Amazon Fire. For select devices you will also be able to access 360° clips and multi-camera functionality via the app. Alternatively, you can also head to the btsport.com/final website where the Europa League final, along with the Champions League and Europa Conference League finals will all be broadcast live for free. If you're a Virgin Media customer you'll also be able to tune in and watch the game on your Virgin Media TiVo, TV360 or Stream box on channel 532, which is an HD channel. 