Supermarket worker James, spoke to LBC journalist Shelagh Fogarty about the cost of living crisis. James, from Bradford, claimed the Prime Minister need to "get his head out of his backside". He went on to describe how awful it was to see pensioners upset when the supermarket couldn't provide reduced food for them in the mornings. Many Britons are now facing poverty due to the increased prices in National Insurance, fuel and food. James then went on to talk about Mr Johnson's interview which took place today with journalist Susanna Reid, who questioned him about a pensioner who couldn't afford to heat their home, so had to ride around on a bus all day to stay warm.  Ms Fogarty said: "You want to talk about Boris Johnson's response to the question about Elsie?" James said: "I think it's an absolute disgrace! "I think it's about time he got his head out of his backside, I work in a supermarket and we have people come in every morning desperate. "We have green stickers with reduced stuff, and people are actually desperate. JUST IN: Helen Skelton missing from Countryfile as husband 'jets abroad with new love interest'     James added: "Sometimes we don't have anything, and you can see their actually crying. "Because they're desperate for food, I think it's disgusting." Ms Fogarty said: "And is that people of... Adults of all ages would you say?" James added: "I'd say it's mainly pensioners, to be honest with you, and I think his response to the Freedom bus pass this morning was just horrible. "It's awful, seeing people actually upset because they're that desperate, is heartbreaking."  READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat exposed: How UK, US and their allies could retaliate with force     During the interview with Susanna Reid, the Prime Minister said he empathised with Elsie and other elderly people who are in a similar position. With National Insurance increasing to 2.5 percent and energy bills rising, UK-based food banks have started asking for more donations and support to meet the new demand. 