TikTok user @lifetipsing, who often shares money-saving and other food hacks on social media, posted a video called "Useful life tips... Food storage tips that took 200 years to learn". She explained: "The biscuits in the jar will harden quickly." The TikTok user then placed a slice of white bread in the cookie jar. @lifetipsing said: "Put the bread in the jar. "It keeps the biscuits soft. READ MORE: Inside Queen's relationship with beloved granddaughter Zara Tindall "Bread makes cookies softer," she claimed. Storing the biscuits with bread is an unusual but very useful hack to keep them fresher for longer. "To keep your moist cookies soft and chewy, place a quarter slice of bread (per dozen) into the container," sheknows explained. Cookies absorb moisture from the bread which will keep them soft longer. The best alternative is white bread as it doesn't transfer its flavours to the cookies.  When the bread starts to harden, a new slice of bread can be added. TikTok user 'Regan' commented on the video, which also contained other food hacks, saying: "The first one [biscuit hack] is true I do it all the time and it works!" Money-saving experts at WeThrift also recommended this method as a great way to save money. They explained: "We have possibly the most unusual hack: storing a slice of bread in your biscuit jar to keep them fresh and soft. "@lifetipsing highlights how biscuits kept in decorative jars can go hard and stale very quickly, but not anymore! "The biscuits will draw moisture from the bread, allowing them to maintain their deliciously doughy texture." Nick Drewe, savings expert at WeThrift, added: “A recent study showed that 4.5 million tonnes of fruit and vegetables were wasted every year in the UK alone. "With fruits like raspberries and strawberries only lasting up to two to five days, it is no wonder that so much is being thrown away. "After all, nobody wants to eat fruit or veg that has started to go overly soft or furry. “Thankfully, there are many accounts on several social media platforms that are dedicated to seeking out new and exciting methods to keep perishables fresh and firm - and they don’t have to break the bank, either. "From swaddling, to freezing, to specialised tubs - being a storage enthusiast has never been so useful!”