According to BBC's Katya Adler, the German Chancellor has "upset" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky after he decided to ban flags from parts of Berlin on the day of the commemoration marking the end of World War 2. She wrote: "Berlin has upset Kyiv (again) banning Ukrainian as well as Russian flags from parts of the city holding commemoration events marking the end of WW2. "City officials say the ban is to ensure peaceful events. "Kyiv says the directive puts Ukraine + invading Russia on same footing." Tensions between Germany and Ukraine have been rising since the start of the war as Berlin has been opposing sanctions on Russian energy at EU level and deliveries of military supplies to Kyiv. Chancellor Scholz has since backtracked on both issues but as President Zelensky refused a visit by the German President last month, Mr Scholz is yet to agree to an official trip to the Ukrainian capital. On Sunday, The president of the German parliament met with Zelensky in Kyiv to commemorate victims of World War Two, discuss arms and Ukraine's ambition to be considered for European Union membership. In a video of a meeting with Ms Bas, Mr Zelensky said securing the Bundestag's approval of heavy arms deliveries to help Ukraine fend off Russian attacks was one his country's "top priorities." He also asked Ms Bas and the Bundestag to support Ukraine in its bid for European Union membership, which Kyiv's allies have said they want soon. However, candidature would have to be agreed unanimously and accession usually takes years of complex negotiations. Mr Zelensky earlier gave an emotional address for Victory Day, when Europe remembers the formal surrender of Germany to the Allies in World War Two, saying that "evil has returned" to Ukraine, but it wouldn't be able to escape responsibility. READ MORE: Putin body language: Leader 'drained' and looking for 'protection'  Ms Bas told German newspaper Rheinische Post that she had assured Mr Zelensky of Germany's solidarity and ongoing support in Ukraine's fight for its existence. The two also agreed that peace should not be dictated by Russia, Bas was cited as saying in a story abstract released ahead of publication by the paper on Monday. "We agreed that there must not be a dictated peace but only one brokered through a fair peace agreement," she said. Regarding Ukraine's EU membership bid, "the Bundestag will speed all necessary procedures," she said. DON'T MISS:Russian colonel admits military doesn't have more 'pilots or planes' [INSIGHT]Putin's own mouthpiece admits riots could erupt 'tomorrow' [VIDEO]Putin suffers blow as elite colonel killed in Kharkiv [ANALYSIS] Mr Scholz is expected to take part in a G7 virtual discussion later on Sunday on the war in Ukraine that will be attended by Mr Zelenski. Germany has agreed to supply Kyiv with heavy weapons, including self-propelled howitzers, in a reversal of a longtime policy not to send heavy weapons to war zones due to the country's Nazi past. Moscow calls its actions since February 24 a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and rid it of what it calls "Nazis" and anti-Russian nationalism fomented by the West. In Russia, Victory Day on May 9 is one of the country's most important national events - a remembrance of the enormous sacrifices made by the Soviet Union in defeating Nazi Germany.