Meghan Markle and Prince Harry tied the knot on May 19, 2018. But on November 27, 2017, the Duchess of Sussex unveiled a beautiful £120,000 diamond ring when the pair announced their engagement. What does it look like? Meghan's engagement ring is officially the most searched for royal engagement ring online, according to experts at Simply Be, even allowing Princess Diana on their "crazy" marriage journey. The three-diamond sparkler triumphs over Kate Middleton - formerly Princess Diana's - 12ct Ceylon sapphire. It is even more popular that HRH's diamond ring that she received in 1947 from Prince Philip. But why is it such an interesting piece of jewellery and how much is it worth? READ MORE: Meghan is 'classic and elegant' because she follows Kate's style Unsurprisingly, Meghan Markle’s engagement ring is worth an extravagant £120,000, according to diamond experts at Steven Stone. But with a wealth as abundant as the UK Royal Family, it is far from the most expensive engagement ring. Indeed, Tobias Kormind from 77Diamonds told Express.co.uk that the Queen's engagement ring would cost around £207,000 on today's market. Maxwell Stone from jeweller Steven Stone values Kate Middleton's legacy ring at a whopping £300,000. But nevertheless, Meghan's sparkler continues to spark the most interest and "dominate over every other royal ring", according to Design Bundles. The main spectacle of the trilogy ring is a 6ct, cushion-cut diamond sourced from Botswana. It is flanked by two smaller diamonds from Princess Diana's collection. The ring is not only steeped in style but sentimentality. Botswana is a country close to Prince Harry's heart, as he and Meghan have vacationed there several times, even taking a trip there for Meghan's birthday. In an interview, Harry explained that he had always felt a special connection to the country, having visited there after his mother's passing. He revealed: “I came here in ’97, ’98 straight after my mum died.” His visit provided a “a sense of escapism” during a time of tremendous personal pain, as well as “a real sense of purpose”. “It was a nice place to get away from it all but now I feel really connected to this place.” The larger diamond connects Meghan to her late mother Diana, who she tragically never met, but what's more, the two small diamonds in the trilogy ring actually belonged to the People's Princess herself. When the Princess died, Prince Harry opted to keep his mother's ring, while Prince William preferred her Cartier watch. However, in a gesture of brotherly love, Harry offered his brother the special ring to propose to Kate with. Talking about the ring he actually proposed with, Prince Harry told the BBC that he added two diamonds from his mother's collection "to make sure she's with us on this crazy journey together".