Amy Blyth, 23, said she would “never mentally recover” after watching her 18-month-old boy fell into the five-foot hole. Theo Prior fell into the hole after stepping on the cover which flipped over leaving the gaping sewage drain open.  The incident was captured on CCTV by a neighbouring house and showed Ms Blyth pulling young Theo from the pool of human waste. During the incident, the mother can be seen kneeling down to get closer to the ledge and pull her son back up. Fortunately for Theo, he was pulled free, although his clothes were covered in waste. The incident happened in the Tenterden area on a public pavement. Southern Water, responsible for the drain has since apologised to the family of Theo, and said they are taking the matter “very seriously.”  Describing the moment, Ms Blyth said: “My first thought was Oh my God, he’s dead.” “I yanked the drain lid out, and I just saw him down there, screaming my name. “There was sewage up to his knees. “I jumped down the drain, but it's not big enough for me to bend over to grab him. “I had to sort of arch my body to grab him and pull him up. “I don't know how I did it. “My body went in ways I've never bent before, just to get him out of that drain. “It was so deep you couldn't see my head from the ground, and I wasn't even on the floor. “Just as I pulled him up I think someone flushed a chain because we were soaked - with I think, possibly, wee. “Our clothes are absolutely disgusting.”  Ms Blythe rushed Theo to Ashford’s William Harvey Hospital where he was diagnosed with mild concussion. X-rays were also taken, and showed that luckily, Theo avoided any broken bones. Speaking after the incident, Ms Blythe continued: “It could have ended up so much worse. “If he'd gone down head first, I don't even know if he would be here. “It makes me feel sick to think of it. It's an absolute nightmare - I'm petrified of drains now. “I still feel really shaken from it. I just can't really get over it. “He literally went straight to the bottom, and I thought I was going to lose him. “It was actually like a horror film.”  She added: “We were just walking out for him to go to his dad's house. “I saw the drain was a little bit loose, but I didn't realise what level it was loose. “He ran to the drain, stood on it, and just fell the whole way through. “And then the drain lid shut on top of him. “If he'd been on his own, or if it had been another kid on their own, we wouldn't have found him. “We wouldn't have known where they'd gone. “You couldn't even hear him because it's sound-proof. “He could have fallen down and I'd have gone running around the block trying to find him, not in a drain.” Writing in a post on Facebook, she added: “I mentally will never ever recover from this, my baby now is screaming when leaving my side.”  A Southern Water spokesperson said: “We are aware of a situation involving a child and an open manhole. “This is clearly an upsetting situation for those involved and our team is on-site. “A dedicated customer liaison officer has been assigned to support the family. “We are taking this matter very seriously and our first priority was to make the area safe. “Next steps are to understand exactly what happened.” 