Aries (Mar21/Apr20) If you can’t decide what to begin on first you should make it a priority to finish what has already been started. Do this before beginning on anything new or you may never complete projects now waiting for attention. Planning ahead will be key. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Someone you work with or a member of a committee is refusing to give information that has been requested from them. If they aren’t going to reveal what has been going on you may have to some secret delving of your own. Gemini (May22/June21) You are looking forward to starting on a long-term project but there are others around you who aren’t as keen. If, for whatever reason, you absolutely can’t wait to begin on this, make good use of your enthusiasm and get going now. Cancer (June22/July23) There is a lot you would like to do for pleasure and an equal amount you have to do out of duty. You won’t resent putting work and other responsibilities first if this allows you to get on with the things you want to do, without interruption, later. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Leo (July24/Aug23) Someone who usually gets argumentative when things don’t go their way seems to be making a determined effort to remain calm. You will admire their self-control and you should tell them so. It will mean a lot to them to know you have noticed. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Don’t get too frustrated when things seem to be going wrong. You might instead approach a job from another angle. There is every chance you will make better progress when you are left to get on with some tasks on your own.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Your partner or a housemate will be showing their stubborn side. Occasionally they get like this and with them refusing to make any compromises on plans you are making together, you can either be equally as stubborn or give them their own way. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A need for action will inspire you to charge into new situations. This will not have been planned but an impulsive move will lead to exciting experiences. Before you know, it you will be in the spotlight. All because you find the courage to act on an opportunity. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Whether it is to begin or complete a creative venture, you could find inspiration via an email, letter or phone call from a distance. Subjects that come under discussion will be unusual in some way and you will want to look into them further. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You’re tempted to put too much faith in a tip or offer. Wait until you find out more before acting on what you hear. Equally, you should check exactly what might be involved before volunteering for anything. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Difficult situations you have been trying to avoid will crop up now and there is no way you can get out of this. It might feel as if the stars aren’t looking favourably down on you. A difficult patch won’t last long and you may have to remind yourself of this.