The 58-year-old musician rose to fame after the release of his debut album Don’t Mean Nothing in 1987 and over the years has sold over 30 million albums, such as Rush Street and Repeat Offender. Although the star is still performing these days, Marx has recently overcome a health issue he thought he might die from. For weeks, Marx suffered from violent seizures, fevers, and chills in October 2019 and then again in November 2020. "I thought I was going to die," Marx told People Magazine about his first bout of seizures. "The violence of the seizures alone was terrifying. I remember thinking, 'I don't know if I'm going to get out of this bed, ever.'" But during both bouts of the symptoms, doctors struggled to identify the specific condition he had. READ MORE: Four ways taking dietary supplements can prove 'life-threatening' - FDA issues warning During the first period of symptoms, while he had shows to play, he visited an emergency room in Montclair, New Jersey to find out what was wrong with him. He had blood tests, as well as brain and body MRI scans but nothing showed up. When he returned back to Los Angeles, he saw an infectious disease expert who concluded he had a “fever of unknown origin”. When he visited his doctor in 2020, he was given Covid tests that turned out negative. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: The 'serious' signs in your legs [INSIGHT]B12 deficiency: Dr Sara warns of 'irreversible' consequences [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Three smelly symptoms to spot [TIPS] Marx was left worried he might have lymphoma or a heart infection which were listed to him as possible causes for his symptoms, he wrote in his memoir Stories to Tell. The symptoms of lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system - include fever, night sweats, and unexplained weight loss. A lymphoma in the brain can cause personality changes and seizures in some cases, according to the Mayo Clinic. Heart infection, described by doctors as endocarditis, is also known to have flu-like symptoms. Luckily, after about two months from November 2020, his symptoms started to clear up. "The fear of getting that phone call or getting that diagnosis was real," he said. "Then, I just stopped being sick,” added Marx. The ordeal, he remarked, left him with appreciation for his wife, Daisy Fuentes, who refused to believe that the singer had the severe conditions he was worried about. Fevers are a natural part of your body's defense against common illnesses, explains the NHS. The increase in your body temperature can make it hard for bacteria and viruses responsible for infection to survive. If your fever is causing severe thirst or less urine output, or your urine is darker than normal, you should visit your GP. Some of the other reasons you should visit your GP with a fever are if you have severe muscle cramps, you’re light-headed, or you’ve developed a fever after foreign travel.