One third of car owners who have joined a car club have got rid of at least one vehicle since joining. Almost 70 percent of car club members have also disposed of cars that are more than five years old. The study showed that half of car club users also own a vehicle, but that car club membership gave them access to a range of vehicles to fit different needs. This could include situations where a vehicle is only needed once, such as using a van to move furniture. The new research was carried out by shared transport organisation Collaborative Mobility UK (CoMoUK) and analysed more than 4,000 Enterprise Car Club members across the UK. Nearly half of vehicle owners say they use a car club because it aligns with their lifestyle, while around a quarter needed a back-up or second vehicle in addition to their private car. READ MORE: Police seize car owned for 45 minutes Just over one fifth of members said they joined to save money on motoring costs, while 19 percent said they wanted to reduce their environmental footprint. The survey also found that car club members are now increasingly likely to use active travel, something which the Government has been pushing for. Almost 30 percent said they had reduced their journeys in a private car, with 18 percent walking more and 10 percent cycling more often. Dan Gursel, managing director of Enterprise Car Club, said: “Expanding the number of car club vehicles can help local authorities to reduce the number of miles people travel by car and also the number of vehicles they own. DON'T MISSUproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con [WARNING]Furious locals set up fake speed camera to catch out tourists [SHOCKING] “It could be a very useful ally for those local authorities introducing low-emission or clean air zones, especially as renting from a car club is also a cost-effective and convenient way for people to try out EV motoring. “A car club allows people who can’t afford to buy or lease a new electric car to drive one. “They also give people who aren’t sure if an EV will suit their lifestyle the opportunity to try one.” A quarter of car club members have already tried an EV and 78 percent said they were happy with the driving and charging experience. Almost three-quarters said that membership saved them money when compared to owning or leasing their own car. Most motorists also reported that they drove less overall since joining the club. More than half of those surveyed said they could use the service to travel to places they’d not otherwise be able to access. Mr Gursel added: “Expanding car club availability in communities across the UK could help to ease the growing cost of living pressure that’s affecting so many people. “This is because the cost of fuel is included, and users only pay for the number of miles they have driven. The cars come with a fuel card if the driver needs to top up on fuel. “It also ensures access to appropriate mobility when people really need to use a car. “Many people in the UK still need a vehicle, but more and more are happy to rely on being able to easily access one via a car club. “Easy, convenient access to a car wherever and whenever you need one, 24/7, means you don’t need to maintain your own. After all, many people have their own vehicle just sitting parked for most of the time.”