With bills on the rise, and the cost of living crisis worsening, many families may be feeling the financial squeeze so it’s important for people to ensure they are being as tax savvy as possible to avoid more of their money going to the Government. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Michael Barrow, financial advisor at Claro Money on how Britons can ensure their money is working hard for them. He said: “There are several things to consider when trying to save on tax. “If you are employed, it’s important to check your tax code on your payslip to ensure you are paying the right amount of tax and national insurance. “It’s worth noting that National Insurance has just risen, so this month’s payslip may look different to previous ones. You could be paying the wrong amount. “If you think the amount that you’re paying is wrong, you should contact HMRC.” The National Insurance (NI) tax rate saw a 1.25 percent increase at the start of April, adding further financial strain to workers across the UK. As National Insurance has just risen, payslips may look different to previous ones so Britons are urged to double check. People with the wrong tax code could end up paying thousands more than they need to. Tax codes are assigned by HMRC to ensure that people pay the correct amount of tax, but errors in this system can occur. If left unchecked for too long, Britons may find they have paid far more than necessary over the years, or potentially underpaid their tax dues accidentally. The number 1257 is the most common as it shows how much personal allowance one has in the tax year before their income becomes liable. Currently the personal allowance is £12,570, which is why many employees will have the 1257 number on their tax code. The letters on one’s tax code indicates any further allowances one can receive and the tax rate they should be charged. He said: “If you’re self-employed, get into the habit of saving for tax now and throughout the year. “It’s a good idea to transfer a portion of your income, perhaps 25-30 percent, into a separate account for this purpose. “For those who are married or in a civil partnership, and one of you is a non-taxpayer and the other a basic-rate tax payer, you may be eligible for the Marriage Tax Allowance, which can give you £1,250 tax back.” Lastly, Mr Barrow suggested a savings vehicle which can be used in many different ways. He mentioned Individual Savings Accounts (ISAs) as something that Britons can use no matter their goals. He said: “Finally, your cash ISA, Stocks & Shares ISA, Lifetime ISA and pension allowances all reset at the beginning of the tax year. “This means that you can start putting money into these again. The earlier in the year you start, the longer there is for your contributions to generate interest or returns.” With a stocks and shares ISA, Britons are investing their cash which could potentially give higher returns than money in the bank. By using an ISA, Britons are giving their money more time to grow tax-free, which means they could end up with more in the longer term. With investing comes risk so people should seek advice before putting their money somewhere.