A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed the pair were “excited and honoured” to make the trip back to UK turf for the events in honour of the Queen’s seventieth year on the throne. They will bring with them their three-year-old son, Archie, and the Queen's namesake Lilibet, who will turn one during the Jubilee weekend. But ahead of Prince Harry's return, Princess Diana's former butler described a more jovial relationship between the Queen and Prince Harry than that between the monarch and second-in-line William. However, Paul Burrell did recount a wariness in the Firm around the Duke of Sussex, who, along with Meghan, broke with the Royal Family back in 2020. He told OK!: “She [the Queen] adores Harry!” He added: “She never refuses to take his calls when he rings and she always chats with him. “Harry makes her laugh. He’s fun and he isn’t as serious as William. “He can crack a joke in front of her and she’ll laugh. “But – there’s a big but. “Harry is warm and fun to be with but the family will be careful around him.” READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' This comes after Prince Harry’s comments about his grandmother during the Invictus Games last month raised eyebrows. The Duke of Sussex, 37, along with Meghan, 40, briefly stopped off in the UK before heading to the Hague to visit the Queen. He described the monarch as “on great form” when they were reunited last month, and described the “special relationship” the two have. He then said he wanted to ensure the monarch had “the right people around her” and was “protected”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned of 'Sussex bomb' at Platinum Jubilee [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [REVEAL] He told NBC: “She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her.” He described her “sense of humour” as one of the Queen’s best assets, adding that she had an “ability to see humour in so many different silly things”. He said: “We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can’t talk about with anybody else.” He added that he was “sure” the Queen was “looking forward” to her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, although “she’s had a few jubilees now”. Although Prince Harry and Meghan will return to London for the extended weekend, they are unlikely to have a prominent role in the Royal Family events. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson confirmed the Queen had decided "after careful consideration" to limit family members on the Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour parade to working royals only. However, it is thought the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will accompany the Firm to a thanksgiving service held at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday.