NCIS Hawaii is the third spin-off to come from the mothership that is the original CBS drama. Set on the beautiful island state, NCIS Hawaii sees Agent Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) lead her team through various investigations, all the while juggling her responsibilities as a mum-of-two. With just the grand finale left to air from its very first series, fans are eager to know if this will be the end or if another season is on the horizon. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii. The rumour mill went wild at the beginning of last year as there was talk of another NCIS spin-off being made, seven years after the most recent NCIS New Orleans first premiered. CBS eventually confirmed that the franchise would welcome another show in September 2021. NCIS Hawaii season one premiered on the network on Monday, September 20, with a new instalment coming out every week. With the first-ever female lead in Agent Tennant, the police procedural quickly won itself a legion of fans during this time. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist So it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise to know that the journey won't be ending any time soon. NCIS Hawaii has been given the green light for a second outing by CBS, following the success of the first series. According to the network, the spin-off has averaged a total of 8.4million viewers, more than NCIS Los Angeles which averaged 7.5million for its 13th season. NCIS Hawaii also stands as the most-watched new series of the 2021-22 season, just head of CBS' FBI: International and Ghosts. There has been no talk as of yet on when the spin-off will be making a comeback for season two. However, given how series one kicked off in September 2021, this next season is most likely to begin sometime then. The other NCIS series also typically begin in September so fans have plenty to look forward to in just a matter of months. Despite the cancellation of NCIS New Orleans last year, the franchise as a whole seems to be thriving. DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [UPDATE]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [TRIBUTE]NCIS season 19 theory: Parker arrested as finale promo teases twist [THEORY] CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl said in a statement: “NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan favorite NCIS: Los Angeles have been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years. “With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawai’i, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. "We couldn’t be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the U.S. and around the globe.” Viewers do have one more episode of NCIS Hawaii to look forward to though before it finishes. NCIS Hawaii's season one finale, episode 22, will be entitled Ohana. The description reads: "Captain Milius continues to work with Tennant and her team in the aftermath of the prisoner exchange between US and eastern Europe. "Also, Whistler takes Ernie's advice and makes a grand gesture in the hope of winning back Lucy. First season finale." NCIS Hawaii will conclude on Monday, May 23, on CBS in America. A UK release date has not yet been announced.