Jonathan Ashworth demanded the Prime Minister resign for breaching lockdown rules as new pictures have emerged of Boris Johnson drinking at a November gathering in 2020. Kay Burley put the Labour MP on the spot as she highlighted the similarities between the new photographs of the Prime Minister and the snaps of Sir Keir Starmer drinking during a gathering in Durham. Mr Ashworth refuted the claims of Ms Burley as he argued the two occasions are not comparable as the Labour Leader was at a work meeting and the event which Boris Johonson attended was clearly more of a party than a work occasion.   Speaking to Sky News, he said: “We’ve got the lying Prime Minister, it’s not really in the national interest for him to continue in office.” He continued: “Tory MP’s will tell you privately they want shot of him, it’s time they grew a backbone and got rid of him.” Ms Burley interrupted to highlight: “That picture that we’ve seen of him in the papers this morning mirrors the one of your boss.” Mr Ashworth disagreed: “No it doesn’t, first of all, Boris Johnson said at the dispatch box in Parliament there was no party that day. “I’ve been around this place long enough to remember that it used to be the case that if a Minister lied at the dispatch box, they’re out on their ear.”    The Sky News host explained that Grant Shapps, a Tory MP she had previously interviewed said “it wasn’t a party.” Mr Ashworth responded: “There’s people now briefing, saying he was there for 20 minutes, he was topping up the drinks, that he orchestrated the gathering but, as I say, the issue for me is that he lied at the dispatch box. “The sole focus of this Government is Boris Johnson’s political survival. “It’s all about this soap opera, this drama, this divided Conservative party ripping each other to shreds over this mess. “We’d be better if we could move on from this, get rid of Boris Johnson and focus on the cost of living crisis.” Read more: Get rid of him' Tory MPs worried PM focused on his 'political survival  Ms Burley continued to suggest the similarities between the actions of the two party leaders. She said: “That picture, more of less, mirrors what your boss was doing - he’s got a drink in his hand and it's a gathering and there's food on the table.” Mr Ashworth replied: “That picture is at a time when we’re supposed to be in a full lockdown. “Keir was campaigning at a time when campaigning across the country was allowed and was having a work meeting and doing work events and then stopped for something to eat and a drink.” Don't miss:Have Your Say: Do new photos mean Boris should go? [POLL]‘People in authority were laughing at us’: Tory MP regrets lockdown [INSIGHT]BBC's Jon Kay erupts at Grant Shapps over Sue Gray report [REPORT]  Ms Burley suggested the presence of the Prime Minister’s red box demonstrated he had been at the location for work purposes, not for a party. “His red box was on the chair, so he was still working.” Mr Ashworth denied her claim: “He ‘s not working, there’s empty bottles of drink everywhere, he’s toasting them.” The Labour MP continued to deny Sir Keir Starmer had broken lockdown restrictions in a similar manner to Boris Johnson as he called for the Prime Minister to resign from his position.  