The view that Russia’s people “dream of living in a liberal democracy” and that Russian President Vladimir “Putin alone is forcing them to conduct this military operation” is wrong, according to a Russian political scientist. He instead claimed Russians are “more bloodthirsty” than Putin himself amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Speaking to a Russia-state TV channel, Sergey Mikheyev ranted: “The approach of an average Russian citizen is a lot more harsh and radical. “If somebody thinks that President Putin is tough, you’re wrong dear messieurs, Monsieur and Panove – you’re mistaken. “Some of them might be lying to themselves, that all of these are Russian people and all of them dream of living in a liberal democracy, and (that) Putin alone is forcing them to conduct this military operation." Mentioning a person he recently talked to on the street, Mr Mikheyev said that person asked him: “Why are we playing games? “When those presidents visited Zelensky, they should have been eliminated right along with Zelensky, and that’s it and that’s all. Together with Zelensky.” The political pundit added: “In our country, many are a lot more radical-minded than President Putin." State TV host Vladimir Solovyov added: “There will be no world if there’s no Russia. That’s why they hate Putin so much. "Because they understand that Putin won’t accept any compromise. There will be no compromise.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Outright villain' Putin poised to hand over power The US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, the second-highest-ranking US official to meet President Zelensky since the war began, made an unannounced trip with a delegation to Ukraine’s capital Kyiv in a show of support for Ukraine. In a clip later posted by President Zelensky, she said: “We are visiting you to say thank you for your fight for freedom, that we’re on a frontier of freedom and that your fight is a fight for everyone. "And so, our commitment is to be there for you until the fight is done.” US President Joe Biden has asked Congress to pass a $33billion aid package for Ukraine – this is double the amount invested in the US previous aid package for Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Russia shamed as Ukrainian PoWs to be 'paraded' in Moscow [INSIGHT]Champions League extends ban for Russian clubs, UEFA take strong stance [REPORT]Putin only knows how to escalate, I believe that there'll be a dramatic [ANALYSIS] According to the independent pollster Levada Centre, Putin’s approval ratings have remained at around 80 percent – a notable surge since the beginning of the war. Putin’s approval ratings remained between 60 and 70 percent before the war, according to the same poll. Putin’s Foreign Secretary Sergey Lavrov said lifting the West’s economic sanctions is part of the ongoing peace negotiations with Ukraine. The West has been imposing a flurry of economic sanctions targeting oligarchs and the Russian economy to weaken it in a bid to put it on the brink of sovereign default. One of the thorniest issues for the EU has been to target Russian energy – one of Russia’s critical sectors. The EU is expected to vote on European Commission Ursula Von der Leyen’s sixth package today. It includes a proposal to phase oil Russian oil.