Ants are known to enter people’s homes in search of food and water during warm spells, and the kitchen is the most attractive place for them to go. Crumbs of sugary food, seeds and grains are all enjoyed by these hungry insects, and the sink is yet another inviting place for them to visit. Getting rid of ants in your property for good is no easy task, but there are a few remedies you can try. Most ants found in the UK are harmless to humans, but they can be unhygienic when left to scurry around the kitchen. If you do find yourself faced with an infestation, ant killer spray should be avoided in areas where you prepare food, so it is best to opt for more natural remedies instead. There are plenty of safe, chemical-free deterrents that will work wonders in your kitchen, but what are the best tools to try? READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way Spotting a few ants crawling around your kitchen may seem harmless, but it is likely that there are hundreds more hiding in your home. Luckily, you don’t need to look any further than your pantry to stop even more of them moving indoors. Seasoning and spices used for cooking can double up as natural ant deterrents, just look for strong flavours like pepper, garlic, cinnamon, curry powder and salt. These can be sprinkled around your sink, or in any areas where you have noticed pesky ants searching for food in your kitchen. The powdery residue from chalk will also work well to keep ants away from food sources, just sprinkle it over surfaces where you notice the bugs. The strong scent of citrus and peppermint essential oils are similar to many herbs in spices in that ants can’t tolerate the smell. Naturally fragrant oils can be used in several different ways to deter ants, either as a spray, soak or balm. To make ant-deterrent spray, dilute 10-20 drops of your chosen oil into a spray bottle filled with water. Spritz around your kitchen regularly to keep ants out of your fruit bowl, or from crawling up cupboards and surfaces DON'T MISS:Should you kill ants in the garden? How to naturally deter ants [INSIGHT]Cleaning icon Kim Woodburn's brilliant advice to tackle ants [REVEAL]Use £2 toothache remedy to get rid of ants in homes quickly [ANALYSIS] Simply soak a few cotton-wool balls in essential oil until the fragrance is absorbed. Place them around food and water sources, or in the corners of kitchen skirting boards and cupboards. Mix a few drops of scented oil into plain petroleum jelly to create a scented balm. Smudge a generous amount of the balm along the edges of cupboards, draining boards and shelves to keep ants away from your food and utensils. Talcum powder can also be used on top of the sticky balm to create an even stronger barrier. The ants will be killed when they come into contact and absorb the powder from the surface. If you notice a group of ants actively scurrying around your kitchen, boiling water is the safest way to get rid of them when they’re around fruit or other salvageable food items.Simply pour freshly boiled water over the ants to kill them instantly before removing them from your home. While it won’t get rid of an entire colony, it is an effective way to kill as many as possible in one go. Soapy water clears the scent of ant pheromones which they use to follow their trail around your home. Without this scent, they are unable to communicate with one another and will struggle to congregate in your kitchen. Keep clean dishes soapy while they drain on the side and wash your surfaces with dish or hand soap to maintain the fresh smell in the room. Prevention is always the best remedy for unwanted bugs in the house, so it’s important to keep your floors and surfaces clean - particularly during the summer when ants are most active. It doesn’t take much food for ants to invade your kitchen, so it's easy to get caught out by even just a few crumbs or a spilled drink. Keep your bin fresh by changing it as soon as it smells or becomes full and regularly wipe down surfaces to remove stickiness. Block off entry points using any of the natural methods above to keep existing ants from accessing food and water sources in your home, while stopping new bugs from coming in.