The couple are now celebrating winning the outstanding £184 million jackpot in the lucky dip last week. Joe and Jess Thwaite said they are now planning to use part of the money to renovate their home after moving in only two months ago. The pair, who have been married 11 years, said they are "very happy" about their life but are feeling lucky to have won the EuroMillions.  Joe said he woke up to an email from the National Lottery informing him of winning a prize but was not expecting the amount to hit over £180 million. He said: "Then I looked at the amount and I put the phone down. And I picked the phone up again, and I looked at the amount again. "I first thought it was in thousands." Joe added that he then "started counting the digits", saying: "Amazing, but also surreal."  He said they have been trying to move house for quite a while and he went on Right Move. The lucky winner said: "You go on Right Move and you set your limits on what you can afford, and in the past everything we've kind of wanted is far beyond what we can afford, and in the past, everything we've kind of wanted is far beyond what we can afford so I thought I don't need to filter, I can actually just look at anything." Joe said he always chooses the Lucky Dip as he thinks it is "easier", while wife Jess added: "My dad played the Lottery when we were growing up and he played the same numbers every single week. "He died about seven years ago and kind of Joe took on the baton as the one who did the Lottery for our family.  "So he started off using those numbers, but he'd forget them or get them wrong or something, so we then went to Lucky Dip, so that it was luck. "But yeah it's unbelievable because that's what my dad dreamed of all his life, and used to say to us frequently 'Imagine if you won the Lottery, think about if you won the Lottery'. "And yeah it's just crazy." The 44-years-old hair salon manager and 49-years-old communications sales engineer have two children and said the "life-changing" win has given them "time to dream."  Jess said their children had been clamouring for a holiday, suggesting the family of four could use some of the jackpot to visit Hawaii and Texan in the future. Asked what they are planning to buy with their winnings, she said: "We're not really those materialistic people. If you saw our house you would know. "I'll probably buy a new car I'm sure, or something like that, but we haven't got a huge...we'd love to go on a holiday family." She added: "We had to go buy suitcases to come here because we don't go on holiday. We never go on holiday. So our kids would just die to go to the sun and do that kind of thing so I'd love to go and do that." Joe added: "Our youngest constantly has always wanted to go to Hawaii. I think YouTube's to blame for that." His wife added: "We have no idea why but they're obsessed with Hawaii." He then said their other child wants to go to a Texas ranch.