After a few months, you may notice some of the towels in your regular bathroom rotation begin to lose their just-bought fluffy feel, leaving dry, scratchy towelling material in its place. The obvious thought might be to chuck them in the laundry with an extra dose of fabric softener for good measure.  According to experts, however, this is not necessarily the best way to restore your towels to their former glory. An expert from the Turkish Towel Company advised “cutting back on detergent” and “replacing fabric softener”. They said: “Towels feel stiff because they start to build up soapy residue. “By using a little less detergent than suggested, your machine’s rinse cycle will have an easier time washing out those last pesky bits of soap.” READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home The expert added: “Fabric softeners contain silicon that will make towels water repellent, so they won’t get as good a wash.” Instead, they recommend using vinegar in place of your usual fabric softener. Though it might sound odd, distilled white vinegar strips the residue from the towels, making them absorbent and fluffy again. Add one cup of white vinegar into your wash for the best effects. DON'T MISS'Fresher laundry': Add three cheap kitchen items to the wash [COMMENT]Do you clean your washing machine enough? 'Basic' cleaning methods [INSIGHT]House prices: Why first time buyers should strike now [REPORT] The expert added: ““Fabric softeners contain silicon that will make towels water repellent, so they won’t get as good a wash.” Instead, they recommend using vinegar in the place of your usual fabric softener. Though it might sound odd, distilled white vinegar strips the residue from the towels, making them absorbent and fluffy again. Add one cup of white vinegar into your wash for best effects.  Turkish Towel Company said: “Simply run the towels through a regular washing cycle, then redo them using vinegar instead of soap.” According to textiles expert and CEO of New Sega Home, Brian Delp, if you do not get the desired result the first time, this may be due to an extensive build-up of residue on your towel. He told Homes and Gardens: “Don’t worry if this treatment doesn’t work after just one wash. “Depending on how extensive the buildup is, you may have to repeat this step.” Overloading your washing machine can also get in the way of soft towels. Towels need plenty of room within the drum to breathe, which will allow them to rinse and subsequently fluff up fully. If you have enough towels for a full load, it is a good idea to do a towel-only wash. However, make sure not to mix new towels with old ones as this can lead to colour transfer between the different fabrics.