Millions of people who rely on Universal Credit will be paid at a different time than usual next month because of the Queen’s Jubilee. It also affects millions of Britons who depend on other benefits including Personal Independence Payments (PIP), Pension Credit and tax credits. As the nation gets ready to celebrate the Queen’s 70th year as a monarch, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is reminding people that payment dates for benefits will be affected. To mark the occasion, the UK will have an extra bank holiday which falls on Friday June 3. The late May bank holiday is also being moved to Thursday 2nd June 2022 so that everyone can enjoy the celebrations. It will mean anyone who usually receives their Universal Credit on Thursday June 2 or Friday 3 June can expect to receive it a day early on Wednesday June 1. READ MORE: I was targeted by scammers posing as my friend online - watch out The change doesn’t just affect Universal Credit claimants - millions of people on DWP benefits will be paid early if their usual payment date coincides with either of the bank holidays. Meanwhile, more than one million Britons are missing out on Universal Credit which could help them through the cost of living crisis. Some 1.3 million people are estimated to be losing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £7,300 a year, according to data from the New Economics Foundation. Approximately £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK. DON'T MISSPIP claim: Thousands could be owed up to £5,000 from DWP [ALERT]Cambridge Building Society offering five percent interest [UPDATE]Savings warning: The one action ‘guaranteed to lose you money’ [WARNING]   The number of people eligible for a Universal Credit top up rose significantly due to a rule change announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak towards the tail end of 2021. To check eligibility for benefits, people can pop their details into a benefits calculator - like the one on the government website. It asks for the claimant’s age, employment details, whether they have children and if they are already claiming benefits. Alternatively people can phone the benefits helpline or pop into their local benefits office. It’s not just Universal Credit people could be missing out on - thousands of Britons are also missing out on Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). In total, there are 11 DWP state benefits in the UK people can claim: Universal Credit, Housing Benefit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) Employment and Support Allowance and Attendance Allowance. In addition, there’s also Pension Credit, Disability Living Allowance, Carer’s Allowance, Jobseeker’s Allowance and Income Support. Pension Credit is the most underclaimed benefit according to researchers at charity Entitled To. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea More than a million pensioners are missing out on pension credit which could see them up to £3,000 a year better off. State benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit also enable people to claim for a reduction on their council tax bill as well as Government help towards energy bills. 10 "freebies" that benefit claimants get are: