Fans of CBS’ renowned procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles were overcome with emotions as they watched the season 13 finale. After a tense season, viewers were glad to see the agents have something to celebrate.  Throughout the season, Investigator Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) and his wife Special Agent Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) have been on a journey to become parents. It had been a tough ride for the couple as they initially argued about having children and when they were both on board, they struggled to conceive. As a result, they looked into fostering and adopting when they came across Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). During the episode titled ‘A Land of Wolves’ Kensi was tasked with protecting her on an undercover mission.  READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan She confessed: “I want to be” a mother but “just haven’t been that lucky.” Rosa was going to be placed in the foster care system if officials couldn’t find any relatives from the United States, which stirred Kensi. Rosa became the couple’s houseguest as she searched everywhere for her family, however, this took a scary turn when she was threatened with deportation. Although she was a lot older than the children the couple was looking to foster, Marty and Kensi became her official parents.  This left a majority of fans emotional as the couple were able to finally fulfil their biggest wish and saved a young lady from deportation. A thrilled TheKevNation wrote: “HALLELUJAH!!! KENSI AND DEEKS ARE OFFICIAL ADOPTIVE PARENTS FOR ROSA REYES!!!!” Another fan @mollyk1996 added: “Kensi and Deeks are killing it tonight.” @upsteadchenford shared: “That was such a beautiful ending and an incredible episode.”  DON'T MISS...Zoe Henry children: How many kids does Emmerdale star have? [INSIGHT]NCIS Los Angeles season 14: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT] While @ScottGammon3 stated: “This is going to go down as the most emotional episode ever!” As well as a happy ending for Kensi and Marty, Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and his girlfriend Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) could be married in the next season. This comes after Callen went down on one knee and proposed to Anna at the end of the episode. Although there were rumours of the couple splitting up, Callen proved he saw a future for the two.  Fans were also ecstatic to see Callen propose to Anna after suffering a tough season, and they took to Twitter to express their excitement for a potential wedding in season 14. @green_fury77 wrote: “So good to see [Bar Paly] on [NCIS LA] hope it happens more next season.” @wendy_blight stated: “It was THE best ending, watched since the beginning and one of the best episodes ever! We will miss you on Sunday nights.” Thankfully for fans, NCIS LA was renewed for another season, however, a premiere date has yet to be revealed. NCIS is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 