Natalie has become best known for playing the role of Moira Barton on Emmerdale, with the character having been at the centre of some huge storylines. Most notably, the farmer's relationship with Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) has been one of the biggest storylines in recent years on the ITV soap. Despite having acted her way through so much drama, the actress doesn't seem to have aged a day and viewers could be shocked to discover which birthday she will be celebrating towards the end of the year. Last month, Natalie's character Moira was seen celebrating her birthday on-screen with her husband Cain and his mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter). It wasn't referenced how old the character was however, it is reported the farmer was born in April 1971, meaning she is now 51-years-old. In real life, Natalie is much younger than this as she is four years younger than her alter-ego, being 47-years-old. The soap star was born on December 3 1974 and this means later this year, she will be celebrating her 48th birthday. As Natalie likes to keep her life off-screen quite private, there is no indication of how she has celebrated her birthdays in the past or whether she celebrates with her co-stars. READ MORE: Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show It seems the actress was quite young when she started her career in acting as she scooped her first role when she was just nine years old. This was in an STV docudrama and by the time she was a teenager, she had been awarded the BBC Young Entertainer of the Year accolade. With this gong under her belt, her career was spearheaded drastically as she landed her first big role in a programme called Take The High Road, in which she played the regular character Trish McDonald. The STV soap opera featured the actress for nine years in a regular capacity before the show was brought to an end in 1999. Natalie has since appeared in a catalogue of television shows, including playing roles in Doctors, The Bill, Holby City and EastEnders. As well as making a guest appearance in Waterloo Road in 2009, the actress also landed the role of Moira on Emmerdale. The soap star has been on the show ever since, whilst also appearing as herself in the celebrity competition programme, All Star Family Fortunes. This July, she will celebrate playing Moira for 13 years and there doesn't seem to be any sign she is going to be leaving any time soon. At the moment, she is embroiled in one of the soap's biggest storylines this year as she recently discovered Faith had been diagnosed with secondary cancer. With the Dingle matriarch not wanting to tell anyone about her health woes, Moira has promised to keep it a secret for now. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURE]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] In upcoming scenes, this will lead to some awkward moments as Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) starts to suspect Moira is hiding something from her. When she catches Moira in a dressing gown and her former lover, Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) half-naked, she begins to presume the worst. Hoping to catch the pair in the act, Chas is shocked when she walks into Moira's bedroom and finds her mother there. Faith will try to come up with an explanation but it seems she will leave her daughter more confused than ever over her behaviour. With Moira still hiding secrets from her husband Cain, it is only a matter of time before her loyalty to Faith causes huge problems. The actress has spoken out about her age before, stating she cannot believe she is still a sex symbol despite being in her 40s. Natalie explained: "I certainly don’t see myself as a sex symbol…I’d need longer legs for a start! But it’s flattering. "When you’re in your 40s, I think that’s when a lot of people feel really sexy because they know what they want. This age is when you flourish. "You have a greater sense of who you are. You’re more grounded. That means you can be pickier and suffer no fools…in theory." However, although she will celebrate her 50th birthday in a few years' time, the soap star still embraces her inner child. Although she was quite shy when she was younger, it seems the actress is making up for lost time now, especially on set. Natalie said: "I’m a massive child. "I’m always playing jokes on my co-stars and crew and I’m always having a laugh. That’s the thing about not drinking. "I’ve got far too much energy. I work out with my trainer three times a week doing weight training and then I do what other cardio I can," she told The Sunday Post. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.