Starz’s hit romance series Outlander came to a nail-biting end this week with a major cliffhanger which saw Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) and her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) face prosecution for crimes. Speaking to Variety, the actress also opened up about the twisted fate of the other characters on the show.  Although Outlander returned to screens with only eight episodes, viewers were left satisfied as each instalment was filled with drama and action-packed scenes. This was also the case for the thrilling finale titled ‘I Am Not Alone,’ as the traumatising events of season five came back to haunt Claire. The couple had to defend themselves against Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) who had it out for them since the previous season. Richard’s brother Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) and his men brutally captured and raped Claire. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker When she was eventually rescued by Jamie, he killed Lionel’s men and took him to stand trial where Claire had mercy on him and let him live. However, he met his death after being administered a lethal substance via injection by Marsali Fraser (Lauren Lyle) who wanted revenge for Claire. As a result, both Jamie and Claire had barricaded themselves in their home as Richard and his men wanted Claire to face trial for Malva Christie’s death. Although it was a crime she didn’t commit angry mobs had already made their minds up and deemed her a murderer. Speaking to Variety, Balfe opened up about the other storylines she also enjoyed from this season. The actress shared: “I think this season, there was actually a lot of time dedicated to everyone else. “I mean, you know, Marsali and Fergus, that was like a great storyline early on and it's really sad that they’ve moved to New Bern. “And young Ian, we get to see a lot more of his back story, I think it’s really lovely. I think it opens up the world.” DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] Outlander boss shares disappointing update on season 7 episodes [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7 theory: Tom Christie confesses to Malva’s murder [THEORY] Balfe continued: “It allows the audience to get to know all these great characters a little bit deeper. “We have such an amazing group of actors around us and it’s just so lovely to get to see them shine as well.” With many storylines packed into eight episodes, viewers saw the challenges Marsali and Fergus faced in their marriage. This included Fergus' alcoholism and his suicide attempt after the birth of their son Henri-Christian. Marsali however took to each trial courageously and saw a future away from Fraser’s Ridge. In the fifth episode, she decided it was best to move her family to New Bern for a fresh start and to keep Fergus far from its negativity. After hearing about a vacant print shop, Fergus decided to occupy it meaning the family will likely stay in New Bern for the foreseeable future. As for Claire and Jamie’s fate, fans will have to wait until the release of season seven. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 