The Queen's Platinum Jubilee promises to be a spectacle of pomp and pageantry, and the action will kick off on Thursday, June 2 and run until Sunday, June 5. The Royal Family are expected to be out in full force for the celebrations, but whether or not the Queen will attend all events will likely be dependent on her health nearer the time. The Queen has been experiencing episodic mobility problems recently, and she delegated the State Opening of Parliament to her son and heir Prince Charles for the first time ever earlier this month. But the Queen has made some public appearances in recent weeks, emerging from a car at the Platinum Jubilee Celebration to cheers in mid-May. The Queen also appeared in great spirits at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show last Monday, as she viewed the installation from the comfort of a new Royal Household buggy. If the Queen is well enough, a royal historian highlighted three of the Platinum Jubilee events the monarch will likely be desperate to attend.  READ MORE: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "I am sure the Queen wants to go to as many events as she can, but this will be decided as the events get closer. "Epsom Downs is definitely on her wish list but a decision to attend will not be made until closer to the date. "She will also want to attend the service at St. Paul's, but accommodations will need to be made as she cannot walk up or down that massive staircase and will have to go into the cathedral through a side entrance. "The Service of Thanksgiving is perhaps the most important because of the Queen's faith, The Trooping of the Colour is also important because of the links between the Crown and the military - and it has a storied tradition."  As has been the case with recent royal engagements, decisions over the Queen's attendance at Jubilee events are likely to be made closer to the time or on the day. Trooping the Colour will take place on Thursday, June 2, and the Queen is expected to join other working members of the Royal Family on the palace balcony. The Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's long reign is closed to the public, and it will take place on Friday, June 3. The Derby at Epsom Downs has long been a favourite fixture in the royal calendar, with the Queen famously a huge fan of horses.  DON'T MISS:Queen skewered over Andrew: ‘Not always good judge of character’ [ANALYSIS]Brit fuming at £7 charge to go to jubilee party on their own street [INSIGHT]A look at Kate and William's 3 royal homes - and where they could move [PICTURES] Other events running over the Platinum Jubilee weekend include the Platinum Party at the Palace, which boasts a star-studded lineup including Queen and Adam Lambert, Sir Elton John and Diana Ross. Sunday will see communities across the UK toasting to the Queen's long reign with the Big Jubilee Lunch, which encourages people to get to know their neighbours a little better. And to close off the celebrations, the Platinum Jubilee Pageant will bring a dose of extravagance to the capital. The event promises all the "excitement and spectacle of an international parade and carnival" and will include a 'River of Hope' section comprising of 200 silk flags that will make its way through London. 