Eduardo Camavinga believes Karim Benzema is Real Madrid's key to winning the Champions League final against Liverpool. Real's No 9 has been in tremendous form throughout the knockout stages scoring 10 goals including hat-tricks against Chelsea and PSG. His performances have seen him become an early favourite for this year’s Ballon d’Or. And he could give underdogs Real a real change of upsetting Liverpool - who may be looking to close out the quadruple. “We have Karim Benzema, who is special in every sense,” the young midfielder said. “I am convinced he will be the key to the final for many reasons.” The Frenchman has enjoyed a successful start to life in the Spanish capital after joining from Rennes in the summer. Already a proud member of a La Liga winning squad, he now hopes to pick up a second medal in Paris on May 28. “I am living an incredible dream with Real Madrid and still maybe it will get better with the final of Paris,” the 19-year-old said. “I am very demanding and after the LaLiga title now I want to win the Champions League.”   Carlo Ancelotti’s decision to bring the 19-year-old off the bench during the semi-final in midweek was crucial in helping Los Blancos mount their dramatic comeback win. Camavinga has now been involved in many high-profile games for Madrid and he looks upon them fondly. “The experience of the games against Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and City will always be in my head — in their own way, they were all incredible and unique,” the teenager remarked. “I have watched those kind of matches before from my home and on TV but now to be involved in them is enormous.”   There will be strong calls for Camavinga to start the final after his strong showing against Manchester City. The Frenchman’s sights are now firmly set on the final as Madrid no longer have anything left to play for domestically. “Liverpool are a big club and this is the best possible final in the world today,” he added. “Either finalist would deserve to win but the match will be very open and only little details will decide the winner.” 