Asked if he was still calling for Boris Johnson to quit, Sir Keir Starmer told reporters in Leeds: "My view on the Prime Minister has not changed. "Of course, after an investigation that shows 120-plus breaches of the law in Downing Street, of course, he should resign, he is responsible for the culture." The Met Police confirmed Thursday they had concluded their investigation into partying inside Government buildings during the lockdown and had issued 126 fines in total.  Neither Mr Johnson nor his wife Carrie Johnson will be issued further fixed penalty notices, the Met confirmed. Sir Keir continued: "He also needs to focus on the cost of living crisis because people are really struggling with their bills. "Inflation is up, prices are up, wages are down and the Government is imposing taxes at the same time. And he's got no answers. "And he had the opportunity – one of the answers is staring the Prime Minister in the face, and windfall tax to reduce bills by up to £600 for those who need it on the profits gas companies didn't expect to make. JUST IN: Partygate over: Boris will receive NO additional fines as £460,000 investigation ends Asked if he was now worried about being fined over his Durham beer and curry, which is being looked at by police, Sir Keir said: "There was no breach of rules by me or anybody in my team, I'm confident about that, and therefore there's no comparison to be made here." Shadow attorney-general Emily Thornberry said the party gate fines showed the Prime Minister had issued a "barefaced lie" when he insisted there was no rulebreaking in Downing Street. She told BBC Radio 4's PM programme: "Based on the 126 fines from the parties at No 10, just looking at the sheer scale of lawbreaking which has been laid bare by the police, what we know now with absolute certainty is that when Boris Johnson came to the House of Commons and said there were no parties at Downing Street and no rules had been broken, that was a barefaced lie. READ MORE: 'Europe's struggling as well' Burley slams 'disingenuous' SNP MP backing return into EU "There is no possible way in which he can claim he was unaware that these parties didn't break the rules. "It's always been the most important point and he should resign." Downing Street said Boris Johnson is "pleased" the Metropolitan Police's partygate investigation has concluded, but it has not distracted him from his duties. Asked if the Prime Minister was relieved by the outcome of the inquiry, his official spokesman said: "He's pleased the investigation's concluded but at no point has it distracted him from the important issues facing the country." DON'T MISS:'Depressed and terrified'—BBC fee prosecutions criminalise vulnerable [INSIGHT]BBC’s 'lack of self-awareness' will be its downfall  [OPINION]TV licence fee branded 'comfort blanket for BBC' in Rees-Mogg swipe [REACTION]  On whether the police investigation, costing £460,000, was a good use of taxpayers' money, the spokesman said: "The police are operationally independent, it is for them to decide how to use their resources." It is understood the Chancellor was also yet to receive another fine. Asked if any other Government ministers will confirm to MPs if they have been fined over the scandal, the PM's spokesman said: "Our commitment is to update with regards to the Prime Minister and the Cabinet Secretary, as I have done. "I'm certainly not aware of any other ministers who would be involved in this. But that's our commitment, as before."