The Yorkshire Vet returns to Channel 5 tonight, May 24, with a new episode and Peter Wright tends to a three-legged sheep. The renowned surgeon has worked miracles to save animals of all shapes and sizes. Yet he opened up to Express.co.uk about one part of the industry he has no control over. The Yorkshire Vet has been on screens for 14 seasons and a 15th instalment is already in the pipeline. Peter admitted he thought viewers would find the concept of the show "boring", but has been pleasantly surprised by its success. With his decades of experience, there is very little the vet cannot do, but he admitted he was constantly learning. A shocking observation he has made in recent times is the pressure on some of the animal sanctuaries he works closely with. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk he shared his concerns over the "puppy boom" during the Covid lockdown. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Murder rocks the village as Moira Barton kills again He said: "There are different aspects to our work and there are several things that impact that. "Covid had a massive impact on how we had to work as vets on the small animal side. "We had to do a lot of phone consultations, we have now come through that but one of my great concerns was that people were taking on new puppies and kittens. "There was an explosion in demand and now people are slowly filtering back to work, they are realising the puppies have grown into adults and they need exercise. "It's been a massive disaster and I'm very concerned about the impact on rehoming centres. "I'm very fearful for the welfare of the animals." In March 2021, the Pet Food Manufacturers' Association reported 3.2million households in the UK acquired a pet since the start of the pandemic. By September of last year, research showed how the number of pets in re-homing centres was on the rise. Dogs Trust reported a 50 percent rise in pet owners giving up their dogs between May and July 2020. DON'T MISS... The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright addresses show's futureThe Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright on exciting progress 'Moving forward' James Martin would leave Saturday Morning show to be a vet Battersea Dogs Home found almost a third of people who got a pet in lockdown were first-time pet owners. Worrying research from The Kennel Club also found one in four pet owners admitted to doing little research when buying a puppy in lockdown. Peter has been working with puppies for many years as it is not just livestock he cares for. In a previous season 14 episode, he took care of a French bulldog puppy called Blue who had a large lump on his eye. Peter believed it was the largest lump of its kind he had seen in 40 years as a Yorkshire vet. He said he was constantly making new discoveries in the industry and shared some exciting updates on his career. Peter moved from Skeldale House to Grace Lane Surgery last year and the practice is expanding. He shared: "There is so much to learn and the pace of change in the veterinary world is quickening. "Twelve years ago there was one vet here. There are now 13 vets and their new purpose-built premises was built two years ago. "It's going to increase by 75 percent, and we are going to have a CT scanner here. It just shows how things are moving forward."  The Yorkshire Vet airs on Channel 5 on Tuesdays from 8pm.