Hopes of standing in the vacant Tiverton and Honiton seat were dashed last night after it emerged the local Conservative association is looking for a local candidate. The seat became vacant after Neil Parish officially resigned yesterday after admitting to watching porn in Parliament. The former Brexit minister and negotiator remains one of the most popular Tory figures within the grassroots of the party and has been outspoken on Government policy since quitting the Cabinet in December. In a move that could be a nightmare for Boris Johnson, Lord Frost is claimed to be open to making his political comeback by joining the House of Commons. It would mean a serious political heavyweight with substantial support sitting behind him on the backbenches. It is expected Mr Johnson could face a vote of confidence in his leadership in the coming months as problems continue to mount for the incumbent of No10. READ MORE: May's ex-aide lays into 'misleading' Brexit claim from Frost and Boris Lord Frost earlier this year admitted he could not run for the party's leadership if it became free at present, saying the country would not want someone in the House of Lords as Prime Minister. However, he did not comment on whether he would be interested in the post if he renounced his title to take up a position in the Commons. Peers are unable to run for a seat in the lower chamber of Parliament unless they step down from their role in the Lords. A former minister told The Telegraph: "Frost is a serious figure who thinks carefully and communicates well. "We need him in the Commons." Tiverton and Honiton is one of two seats set to undergo by-elections in the coming weeks, with the Wakefield constituency also searching for a candidate. DON'T MISS:'Never made sense' Lord Frost throws down gauntlet at EU [OPINION]Frost blasts Truss for making 'no more progress' over NI Protocol [REACTION]Boris missed 'golden opportunity' to kill off the Protocol [INSIGHT] The latter became available after Tory MP Imran Ahmad Khan quit after being found guilty of sexual assault on a teenage boy. Dates have not been set for either by-election yet. Lord Frost resigned as Brexit minister after growing frustrated at the "direction of travel" of Government policy. He was critical of the decision to reintroduce compulsory face masks over Christmas and of the Treasury's tax and spend policies. In an interview earlier this year, he said: "We need to get the country going economically again and that means free markets, free debate and low taxes. "People need to look at this country and think: yes, something is changing here. "You’ve got to set the direction of travel. "If we’re going to get out of this little trough and win the election in a couple of years’ time, then we’ve got to develop that."