   Friends star Jennifer Aniston, 53, opened up about her split from ex-husband Brad Pitt, 58, during the finale of Ellen DeGeneres’ talk show. The Hollywood star was married to the Fight Club actor for five years before they split and he began dating his now ex-wife, Angelina Jolie, 46.      Jennifer returned to The Ellen Show 19 years after appearing on its very first episode in 2003. The Office Space star was Ellen’s first ever guest, and it was clear that the host, 64, was emotional to see her back on the sofa for one last chat. During their talk, Jennifer made a rare reference to her deforce from ex Brad, as the pair reminisced about their first interview nearly two decades ago. Sitting down with Ellen after the pair exchanged a hug, Jennifer asked: “Where does 19 years go? I don’t understand.” READ MORE: Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67     Reflecting on The Ellen Show’s debut, the presenter asked: “What do you remember? I remember vividly you being on the first show. She continued: “I want to talk about the ending of Friends - what did you do to deal with that?” Hit NBC sitcom Friends ran from 1994 to 2004, featuring Jennifer alongside her main co-stars Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer. Speaking candidly, Jennifer replied: “Well, I got a divorce and went into therapy.”      Jennifer married Brad in 2000 but the couple divorced just five years later. “Then I did a movie called The Break Up,” Jennifer continued. “I just leaned into the end. “Let's make this a completely new chapter. End everything and start out. And it worked great.” Jennifer then turned to ask Ellen if she knew what she wanted to do next following the end of her long-running show.     “I want to lay low for a little while,” Ellen admitted. “I want to rest and then I'll do something again, but I don't know what it is.” The Ellen DeGeneres Show came to an end yesterday after nineteen years, nineteen seasons and over three thousand episodes. The emotional send-off saw appearances from some famous faces, including Billie Eilish and P!nk. A tearful Ellen told her fans: “This show has forever changed my life. It is the greatest experience I have ever had.”      Ellen faced backlash in 2020, after accusations of her show being a “toxic” workplace environment came to light. Her own behaviour was the subject of complaints, with former employees accusing her of bullying behind the scenes. A report from BuzzFeed prompted an internal probe of the show by Warner Bros, which found “some flaws in the show’s daily management”. Ellen made a formal apology in September 2020 and announced in May last year that her show would come to an end after wrapping up its 19th season.  