]The Ukrainian former boxer praised the support provided by the UK to Ukraine amid the ongoing war against Russian invaders. Wladimir Klitschko celebrated the alliance between the two countries and thanked the Prime Minister for his outspoken opposition to Putin’s attack. Mr Klitschko said: "I’m really impressed with Boris Johnson’s statements as well as Great Britain acting in support of Ukraine."   https://www.express.co.uk/expressadmin/posts/thanks/1605721/section_id:78 The former world heavyweight champion has joined the Kyiv Territorial Defence Brigade in Ukraine in a personal move to support the defence. Klitschko spoke to LBC host Nick Ferrari to express his gratitude to the UK support scheme. He said: “Just being such a great ally and acting as fast as possible, it is great. “I just want to use this moment and say thank you to Great Britain and, in this case, Boris Johnson.” Klitschko praised: “All the support you guys are providing for us in Ukraine.”    During the outbreak of the Russian invasion, the former boxer joined the Ukrainian military reserve and has consistently publicly condemned the actions of Putin. Klitschko has expressed his commitment to protect the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv alongside his brother Vitali Klitschko. Vitali Klitschko, a Ukrainian politician, has served as the Mayor of Kyiv since 2014 and remains in the city as Russia persists with Putin’s invasion. The Mayor recently expressed his concern that Russian forces could return to attack Kyiv if Putin is able to successfully annex Mariupol. Read more: Russia unveils terrifying bomb images as Putin inflicts £73BN damage   Prime Minister Boris Johnson pledged additional support to Ukraine in an address to Kyiv Parliament on Tuesday. Mr Johnson said: “I can announce today from the UK government a new package of support totalling £300 million. He detailed the package would include: “Radars to pinpoint the artillery bombarding your cities, heavy-lift drones to supply your forces, and thousands of night vision devices.” Boris Johnson confirmed: “We will carry on supplying Ukraine, alongside your other friends, with weapons, funding and humanitarian aid.” Don't miss:Russia forced to abandon tactics as troops coming out 'second best' [REVEAL]Lukashenko warns Ukraine is 'provoking Russia' as Belarus readies army [INSIGHT]Shock data shows those 'still funding Russian war chest' two months on [ANALYSIS] The Prime Minister declared: “This is about the right of Ukrainians to protect themselves against Putin’s violet and murderous aggression. “It is about Ukraine’s right to independence and national self-determination, against Putin’s deranged imperialist revanchism.” The Mayor, alongside his brother, has celebrated the international support in favour of Ukraine. The situation in Ukraine remains tense, particularly in the region of Mariupol as the city continues to suffer under the Russian siege.   