Manchester United legend Gary Neville has launched a scathing attack on former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, calling the Kent-born figure an "idiot" and a "disgrace".  Farage has been a controversial figure since his entry into politics in 1999. Formerly a member of the European Parliament for South East England for 20 years, alongside being leader of UKIP for nine years and leader of the Brexit Party for two years, many in politics do not agree with his outlandish views. Farage's opinions on immigration, foreign policy and more continue to attract controversy, protest and in some cases, praise from the UK public. And he divided opinion again on Monday morning, with the GB news presenter posting a video of himself sailing on the English Channel. There were spottings of boats carrying asylum seekers to shore, according to the Farnborough-born figure. And after he claimed there were 40 people on a French naval vessel as well as many others on their way over, Neville shot back by telling Farage he was a "f*****g" idiot.  "I can’t believe this f*****g idiot has been prominent in politics in this country for the last few years," Neville tweeted in anger. "He’s divisive, dangerous and a disgrace to the UK." Neville has shown he is undeniably interested in politics in recent years, and has even joined the Labour Party - with the former right-back believing he must "go all in" if he is to get anywhere in a potential career. “That is purely for myself,” he said upon joining the Labour Party. “I want to support Labour. I do believe that we need a progressive Labour party but one that not just looks after the left side … it has to come towards the centre.” Many have touted Neville for a permanent role in politics, although that was played down by the United legend himself. “I say to myself sometimes ‘I’m able to communicate. I know what I want. I have got a business mind, I can manage people.’ But I just think I’d get eaten alive. "I don’t know what Whitehall’s like, what Westminster’s like, I can only imagine what you have to do there to survive and I don’t play the game. So how can I get in? “When I ask myself the question, do you want to dip your toes in? I can’t dip my toes in because I’m all or nothing. If I’m going in, I’m going in.” 