Newcastle United proved a tough nut to crack this weekend for Liverpool, however, Jurgen Klopp’s side rose to the occasion. The German took the brave decision to make five changes for the match, though the fringe players stepped up when called upon. Naby Keita scored the all-important goal for the Reds, rounding off a neat passing move in the 19th minute and firing past Martin Dubravka. But it wasn’t just the Guinean that impressed. One of Klopp’s bravest decisions was to start Joe Gomez as right-back rather than Trent Alexander-Arnold, one of Liverpool’s biggest attacking threats. And despite being a centre-back by nature, Gomez thrived in the role – which may have caught the attention of the Magpies. The Toon Army were linked with the England international by The Athletic in February, with other reports speculating that the former Charlton defender could have been set to make the move in the January transfer window. But his performance on Saturday may have been the perfect audition that could lead Newcastle to reigniting their interest at the end of the season. JUST IN: Liverpool and Arsenal 'keen on £80m Victor Osimhen transfer' with player open to move Gomez has made just seven Premier League appearances for Liverpool this season, starting three games and finding himself used as a rotational option rather than Virgil van Dijk’s first choice centre-back partner. But the 24-year-old’s display in right-back certainly signified that he has what it takes to compete at the top level. Speaking after the game, Andrew Robertson said: “I thought Joe Gomez was different class at right-back, we need everyone in the squad. We’re blessed we’ve got everyone fit just now, maybe apart from Bobby (Firmino), but a lot of us are fit and healthy and fighting for places in the starting XI.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd scouts watch Feyenoord defender with Ten Hag eager to make bidLiverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shineTottenham boss Conte labels Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal war looms Newcastle are expected to spend big over the summer as they continue on their path to becoming the force of old under new ownership, and potentially bringing in a proven top defender could be an opportunity too good to pass up on. Especially as Gomez can bring versatility to defence, with the ability to play at centre-back and right-back – and on that evidence on the right side of a back three. With the Qatar World Cup on the horizon and questions raised over several usual inclusions, the door is wide open for Gomez to put himself back in the picture and give Gareth Southgate a decision to make. But scarcely appearing for Liverpool every now and then is doing his chances no favours and he must seriously consider if he wants to continue being a ‘bit part’ player or – if they are interested – become a central figure in Newcastle’s revival. Especially as he will have caught their eye at the weekend.