NHS prescriptions cost £9.35 per item which soon adds up if people rely on one or more a month. Yet there are some ways to make huge savings on the cost of medication. As the cost of living crisis continues to hit peoples’ pockets, many Britons are looking for ways to slash their budgets. One way to save money is to ensure people are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to including free prescriptions. Fifteen groups of Britons who suffer from medical conditions like cancer, epilepsy and certain types of diabetes will be exempt from paying for their medication and should be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post. Some Universal Credit claimants should also be exempt from paying but only if they earn less than a certain amount. READ MORE: Pension warning as pensioners could end up being £12k worse off As well as earnings, other factors that are taken into account include whether the claimant has responsibility for one or more children. Typically, applicants who earned £435 or less in the last assessment period, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child, should be entitled to help with prescription costs. Britons may also qualify for free prescriptions if they receive income support, income based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income related Employment and Support Allowance and Pension Credit. If they haven’t been sent an exemption certificate, they should follow up with their work coach or local benefits office. DON'T MISSBritons with asthma could receive £627 [INSIGHT]Council tax rebate: Full list of councils due to pay £150 this week [ALERT]Interest rate: Savers in 'worst time' since 1977 as inflation soars [WARNING]       There’s a full list of medical exemptions on the NHS website. Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for free prescriptions can still save money by buying a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). This allows anyone to purchase as many NHS prescriptions as they need throughout the year for £108.10. Alternatively, they can pay for three months up front for £30.25. How much will a NHS Pre-Payment Certificate save on prescription costs?  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Over 60s could soon be forced to pay NHS prescription charges as the Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) confirmed a decision had not yet been made. A spokesperson said: “The vast majority - around 89 percent - of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. “No decision has yet been made - We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”