When going to the toilet multiple times throughout the day, it would be wise to check the toilet bowl before flushing – it could be a useful indication if something is amiss. Should a tumour be growing inside of the bowel, you might notice that your faeces are runny, one leading charity pointed out. Bowel Cancer UK explained that diarrhoea, or looser stools – especially if you need to go more often – could be a telling sign. "Tell your GP if you have noticed any persistent and unexplained changes in your bowel habit," the organisation advises. A persistent and unexplained change in bowel habits could also include not going to the toilet enough, or feeling as though you can't fully empty your bowels. Another sign to look out for in the toilet bowl is the colour red – you might have blood in your faces. While the speckles of blood could be minuscule, blood may be invisible to the naked eye. READ MORE: David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained Consequently, noting the other warning signs of bowel cancer can be helpful. The main symptoms of bowel cancer could include: If you identify with any of these symptoms, it's strongly recommended to book a doctor's appointment. While the thought of cancer can be frightening, these signs might be down to other conditions that your doctor can help out with. Moreover, if cancer is suspected, you would have begun the process of discovery, diagnosis, and treatment. Cancer Research UK highlights how early diagnosis can impact survival rates. When diagnosed in the earliest of stages, known as stage one, more than 90 percent of people will survive their cancer for five years or more. Eighty percent of people diagnosed with stage two bowel cancer are likely to survive for at least another five years, and more. By stage three bowel cancer, the five-year survival rate drops down to 70 percent. And by stage four, only 10 percent of people will survive for five years or longer. Cancer Research UK confirms: "Your outlook depends on the stage of the cancer when it was diagnosed. This means how big it is and whether it has spread." A bowel cancer diagnosis does not restrict survival to only five years; up to 53 percent of cases survive for more than a decade. Alarmingly, or reassuringly – depending on how you look at it – up to 54 percent of bowel cancer cases are preventable. Risk factors for bowel cancer include: obesity, alcohol consumption, and smoking. Eating too much red and processed meat is also linked to the onset of a tumour. Up to 13 percent of bowel cancer cases are linked to eating red and processed meats.