Jane Fonda, 84, has been married three times and despite having a “favourite” ex-husband, she also found him to be a handful at times, she has admitted in a new interview. Jane recently confided in her Grace and Frankie co-star, and friend of 50 years, Lily Tomlin that she had a “favourite” ex-husband. Lily instantly knew who she was referring to and asked: “Is it Ted?” This was as part of an interview they were doing where they were quizzing each other on the strength of their friendship. In another interview which took place earlier this month, Jane spoke out about how the marriage ended. While admiring her ex-husband, Ted Turner’s achievements, the mother-of-three was quick to describe him as a “handful”. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims When asked to reveal the real story begins some of the biggest moments of her career, the Monster in Law star explained how she returned to Hollywood for the 2005 role. The iconic actress and activist said: “It’s 2005 here and I have come back to Hollywood to play opposite Jennifer Lopez in Monster-in-Law.” She explained her absence from the screen, saying: “You see, 15 years earlier, I fell in love with and married Ted Turner, the man who founded CNN and Cartoon Network and Turner Classic Movies. “And he was a handful,” she confessed, giving a rare glimpse into her personal life. When the marriage ended, the Hollywood star found she had more time for her professional projects. Jane told Glamour magazine: “We split up after a decade and I wrote my memoirs. “So that made 15 years that I hadn’t been working. “And I thought, well, you don’t come back after 15 years’ hiatus at the age of 62. DON'T MISS:Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode'[LATEST]Carol McGiffin says co-star's threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE]Eva Longoria dazzles in jaw-dropping display for Top Gun: Maverick[PICTURES] “But this movie came along.” The interview marked the 60th anniversary of the veteran actress featuring on the cover of the magazine. She first appeared as their cover star in 1959 when she was just 18 years old. The Grace and Frankie actress welcomed her first child, Vanessa Vadim, with her first husband, Roger Vadim, in September 1968. Jane and Roger were married from 1965 to 1973 and Jane went on to find love again with her second husband, Tom Hayden. Jane and Tom welcomed two kids together after their 1973 wedding. Their son, Troy Garity, became a well-known Hollywood actor and their adopted daughter, Mary Luana Williams became a social activist. Jane and her three children attended the 42nd Life Achievement Award Gala together, in 2014. “Jane Fonda is American film royalty,” said Sir Howard Stringer, chair of the AFI's Board of Trustees, in a previous statement.