Marcos Alonso has reportedly decided his Chelsea future based off the 'major appeal' of following in his father's footsteps at Barcelona. The Spaniard still has a year to run on his contract at Stamford Bridge, but could be allowed to leave as Thomas Tuchel overhauls his squad. According to the Mirror, Barcelona are leading the race to sign Alonso amid interest from several clubs in both Spain and England. Barca are pushing forward with negotiations after 'receiving encouragement' from Alonso's representatives about his desire to move to the Nou Camp. It is stated that driving Alonso's push to join the Catalan giants is the legacy of his father, Marcos Alonso Pena. Pena spent five years at Barcelona and is described as being an 'idol' at the La Liga club. The chance to follow in his footsteps is said to be a 'major appeal' to the Chelsea star, despite him being tied to the London club for another season. But with Barca interested, Alonso has now informed the Blues of his 'desire to leave' paving the way for the Catalan side to firm up their interest. READ MORE: Ten Hag told Man Utd have better squad than Chelsea, Arsenal and Spurs Directors from Barca flew out to the English capital last week for a 'string of meetings' about potential recruits, one of whom is Alonso. Their talks with Alonso are described as having been 'positive' and Barca will now seek to strike a deal to take him to Spain in the summer. With Alonso having another year to run on his contract, Barca will need to reach an agreement over the fee Chelsea receive. They will look to sell 'at least' five players in order to fund the rebuild that Alonso would be part of. DON'T MISS: Todd Boehly 'concerned' over Chelsea squad as he attends first match (INSIGHT)Chelsea confirm new ownership group as Todd Boehly signs purchase deal (NEWS)Barcelona 'hold Chelsea transfer meeting' with 3 signings discussed (TRANSFERS) Alonso will likely be one of their top targets when they do bring in the money they need to fund any arrivals. That is because the left-back has been 'handpicked' by head coach Xavi to be part of his new-look Barca squad. And to further convince the 31-year-old to move to the Nou Camp they will offer a three-year contract, with lucrative bonuses added to make up any shortfall on his current wages. As a result, despite the interest from several other teams, Barca is Alonso's 'preferred option'.