Alison Hammond appeared on Celebs Go Dating in a bid to find love, but ever since, the This Morning host has kept her love life to herself. However, during Monday's ITV show, Dermot O'Leary accidentally told viewers that Alison was "seeing someone". He later tried to backtrack on his comment, but in the end, his co-star came clean and told everyone her exciting news. "You're not available anymore, are you?" Dermot began before adding: "But if you were..." Looking confused Alison replied: "What do you mean I am not available?" "You know..." Dermot awkwardly replied as Alison insisted: "I'm available." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Backtracking on his comment, Dermot said to viewers: "She's available. Well, let me tell you she is available." "Are you trying to say that I am not available?" the host pressed further. A red-faced Dermot explained: "Now I don't know, I am confused." "I am available, is there someone in my life?" Alison teased as Dermot replied: "I think so." "Now you have just told the whole world," Alison hit back. The former X Factor host said: "I feel like I've gone down a rabbit hole here." "You have," Alison agreed. "I love the way you out me. Yeah, there is someone in my life." "You're a catch," Dermot told his co-star as she added: "I'm going to tell everyone." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'life can be hard' as he gives series update [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald explains why she didn't leave family home until 45 [VIDEO] Dermot proceeded to put his head in his hands as Alison told him: "Thank you, Dermot for telling everybody... "But there is somebody I am dating," the former Big Brother star confirmed. "So yeah, it is a bit close but I want to share it with them," Alison said before a mortified Dermot concluded: "Just as well." Viewers were thrilled by Alison's news and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Bel Shergold penned: "@AlisonHammond So happy for you Alison... please tell me when l need to get a hat. Just love you and @radioleary." (sic) "#ThisMorning Congratulations Alison," Chantal said. While Aisha tweeted: "Omg Alison finally got her man. I'm so happy for her, she deserves love." "Alison is off the market #thismorning," Sue beamed. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.