The Russian military expert pushed for the Russian financial system to be changed to meet their armed force's needs. Russia has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for over two months, despite being imposed tough western financial sanctions in order to slow Russia's bloody onslaught on Ukraine. Sivkov went on to discuss how much ammunition Russians were able to produce every day.  He then explained why it would be better for the Russian economy to be placed under full Russian Government control. The expert said: "Our current economic market system is unfit to meet the needs of our armed forces. "And of the entire country under these conditions, we need to move on to another system. "I will tentatively call it "military socialism" but another title could also be used. JUST IN: Paranoid Putin 'wears bulletproof jacket' during Victory Day speech as grip weakens     "All strategic resources, without exceptions like land, factories, and everything else, have to be placed under government control. Sivkov added: "And develop according to a centralised plan. "Without that, we can't ensure the production, have you analysed the scope of tasks? "Currently carried out by our artillery? 4,500-1,600 fire missions, every firing session is a minim of 40-30 shells. READ MORE: Russian journalists’ rebel on Victory Day with anti-Putin articles - ‘Paranoid dictator'     "Multiply that we end up with 50,000 shells per day, they have to be produced missiles salvos, they have to be produced. The Russian military expert said: "Every day 5-6 to 10-15 missiles get used, they have to be produced. "Can we produce that many per day? Even under the current conditions of this conflict. "We need to urgently, urgently adopt our industries into a wartime economy." President Putin is facing an economic collapse as western Government economic sanctions are beginning to seriously impact the Russian economy. DON’T MISS: Priti Patel says Rwanda asylum plan 'will take time' as she vows to 'take back control' [COMMENT]'No other option!' Lord Frost urges Boris to trigger Article 16 as he slams EU negotiators [VIDEO]Horror as secondary school pupils on lockdown after chemical spill sparks emergency [LATEST] The Director of the Russia Institute at King's College London, Sam Greene said: "Russia's economy is NOT back on its feet. The ruble is back on its feet, yes. "But the ruble isn't the economy -- and the ruble is only back on its feet because it's being propped up by massive capital controls and $50.1 billion of reserves spent since the war began. "The damage to the Russian economy is real, even if it's not immediately preventing Muscovites from sitting in cafés. "Putin has spent 20+ years building sound fiscal and monetary policies. "It will take more than a couple of months to undo that. Venezuela wasn't built in a day." Mr Greene added: "The long-term damage is even greater. And it's not just about the lack of investment and the fact that Russian companies will have to work with subpar resources at inflated prices. "Per Russia's own border guards, 3.8 million people have left the country since the war began." 