Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don recently announced the arrival of his granddaughter Daisy Rose Don. The BBC expert gushed over his bundle of joy as he recently took to Instagram and shared a sweet photo of the baby girl. Taking to his Instagram Stories, the presenter reposted a photo shared by his son and Daisy's father, Adam, which shows the gorgeous baby lying in a bed of blankets. Adam had initially shared the photo via his own account on Saturday. He captioned the post: "Thank you for all the kind messages regarding Daisy." Monty announced the joyous news just last week with a post on Twitter that read: "Daisy Rose Don born today, a sister to George. A perfect way to end a beautiful May day." READ MORE: Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home The horticulturalist, who shares three grown up children, Tom, Adam, and Freya, with his wife Sarah Don, announced the happy news. Monty and Sarah were already proud grandparents to their grandson George, and they have now welcomed a granddaughter into the family. Fans rushed to the comments section of Monty’s tweet to congratulate him on the announcement. Heather Sharpe penned: “Aww congratulations grandad, love the name Daisy. Just so happens, daisies are one of my favourite flowers, such a pretty, simple little flower xx.”  Jenna Cole-Lee added: “Congrats grandpa Don. Gorgeous name!” Anna Greenfingers tweeted: “What joys are ahead for you all, watching the flowering of this treasured girl. The grandfather/granddaughter bond is a very special one. What a lucky girl & what a blessing for your family. You'll need larger shirts to contain your burgeoning heart. Well done Emily & Adam.” Elizabeth Doherty suggested: “Congratulations to all the family and grandparents, a precious grandson and now a precious granddaughter. You have definitely got to name 2 Rose trees after them both.” Kathy Dewhurst wrote: “What a perfect tweet for a glorious May day and a beautiful floral name of course. I hope her life will be filled with sunshine and flowers always!” DON'T MISS... Nadia Sawalha spills out of 'Kim Kardashian bikini' in stunning pics[LATEST]Coleen Rooney's Instagram messages SHE claims snared Rebekah Vardy[UPDATES]Eva Longoria puts on jaw-dropping display in black cut-out dress[PICTURES] Meanwhile, Monty recently sparked concern among his fans following his absence from Gardener's World. The presenter has since revealed he recently wrapped up filming the BBC show before he shared some exciting news. Taking to the micro-blogging site on May 18, he wrote: "Finished filming GW today - garden looking great. "Off to Chelsea at the weekend and will be on every evening next week doing a round up of the day on BBC2." The star was also absent from last week's instalment of the show as he was busy giving talks and gardening demonstrations at this year's RHS's Malvern Spring Festival. It comes after Monty also shared he was left bedridden after a bout of Covid. Liz wrote: "Try and go steady (easier said than done during Chelsea week I know!) your health is more important." Stephanie added: "Please take care with your energy levels & pace yourself, no point ending up with long covid, it would rob you of so much that brings you joy. I can sadly tell you that from my own experience." Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.