The jury at Glasgow Sheriff Court returned majority verdicts on two charges following three hours of deliberations. The former MP, who represented Glasgow East between 2015 and 2017, was found guilty of embezzling £19,974 while treasurer of Women For Independence (WFI) between April 2013 and November 2015. She was also found guilty on of embezzling £4,661 when she was treasurer, secretary and convener of the Glasgow Regional Association of the SNP between April 2014 and August 2015. Several witnesses gave evidence in court during the trial lasting a month-and-a-half. These included current Scottish Health Secretary Humza Yousaf and Jeane Freeman, who held the same role from June 2018 until May 2021. Ms McGarry of Clarkston, East Renfrewshire, denied both charges against her. It was alleged during the trial that she spent some of the money on expenses such as rent and shopping.  Her defence team admitted that her finances were "disorganised" and "chaotic". During the trial, the former SNP MP said "thousands" of pounds in pro-independence group expenses would have been paid in cash. The court heard only records of items that cost more than £200 had to be kept for the Electoral Commission, and she lost some records when her phone was seized by police. Ms McGarry, who was not an accountant and had linked campaign PayPal accounts to her own bank account to manage the finances, said he was receiving about £1,500 to £1,600 a month from her father and aunt, a former MSP, at the time. READ MORE: Joe Biden slammed for 'romanticising' Irish nationalism in Brexit row  A grand total of £66,029 was put into her account from WFI sources. The WFI launched a financial probe that took place in late 2015 found an income and expenditure gap of £31,824 and the matter was reported to the police. Ms McGarry paid back £6,436.21 on September 2015, funded by a £6,500 loan from a friend. Sheriff Tom Hughes deferred sentencing the former MP until next month so background reports could be prepared and continued her bail. DON'T MISSHave your say: Should Britain cave to EU's trade deal threat or walk? [OPINION]Top Tory MP demands investigation into the Bank of England [COMMENTS]Sturgeon savaged over claims raw sewage 'dumped' in Scottish rivers [REACTION]  He said: "As a result of all the available information to them and your involvement in working with these organisations, you were successfully nominated for potential election on two separate occasions. "You were successfully a member of parliament and as all this was going on the jury established you were involved in embezzling funds from these organisations. "This was a very serious breach of trust which the organisations placed on you."