Manchester United are facing an awkward conversation with Anthony Martial, with a summer transfer move potentially on the horizon for the Frenchman. Martial has been on loan at Sevilla since January, but his disappointing season has continued despite a change of scenery. He will return to Old Trafford at the end of that loan spell, with the Red Devils likely to attempt to move him on. But that could be harder to bring about than expected, with the Daily Star reporting United will demand Martial take a 'big hit' on money owed to him in order to facilitate a move. Though he is valued at £35million by the Red Devils, they are ready to accept a bid in the region of £25m if he 'compromises' on payments in his contract. He currently has two years left on his deal, which sees him earn around £11m per year. Martial would 'likely demand' a significant portion of that money, but such a move could sink a deal. And with few clubs lining up to pay United's valuation, the two parties will likely need to come to an agreement that would see Martial leave Old Trafford. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'praying' Man Utd don't finish seventh as he eyes rebuild He has been unable to live up to the hefty price tag that saw him become the world's most expensive teenager when he arrived at United. Having scored just one goal before Christmas, he was sent on loan to Sevilla in the January window amid a breakdown in relations with interim bos Ralf Rangnick. That move has failed to spark him into life though, with the Frenchman on the scoresheet just once for Julen Lopetegui's side. Lopetegui has mainly placed his struggles on injury problems, with Martial missing both of Sevilla's last two La Liga outings. DON'T MISS: Erik ten Hag may solve Man Utd attacking exodus by restoring star (INSIGHT)Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles (NEWS)Man Utd 'plot Anthony Martial swap' with Tottenham for Harry Kane (TRANSFERS) Frustrations from fans of the Spanish club have also boiled over, with Martial booed at frequent points. Perhaps in a hint that Martial needed to do more for his side, Lopetegui has defended those who jeered. “This is elite football and people are free and can express themselves as they feel. As a coach, I have to help him to achieve his best version. He is also a professional and has to do his part and adapt to what we ask of him,” he told AS last month.