Sunday night’s episode of Fear the Walking Dead, titled Amina, was packed with surprises, not least of which was the departure of Alicia Clarke (played by Alycia Debnam-Carey) and the return of her mother, Madison (Kim Dickens). The actress, who has been part of the AMC spin-off since the first season, has since been sent heartfelt tributes from her co-stars when she said goodbye to the series on Instagram. Alycia took to social media to say her farewells with a behind-the-scenes snap of herself in her Fear the Walking Dead make-up chair. She included a touching message to her supportive co-stars, crew and fans of the show who have aided her character Alicia’s journey over the last seven years. “To my dearest @feartwd family, tonight marks the end of an extraordinary and life changing journey of playing Alicia Clark,” she wrote. “Where to begin… I will never be able to fully express the kind of journey I have had working on @feartwd for so long. It has gifted me so much.” READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? The American actress joined The Walking Dead offshoot for its pilot episode in 2015 and has remained a key part of the central cast ever since. Her story came to a bittersweet conclusion after making amends with Victor Strand (Colman Domingo) and fighting off the zombie infection. In her subconscious, Alica tells her eight-year-old self about her next mission before setting off into the unknown. Ending her tenure on the series on an ambiguous note could leave the door open for her eventual return but, for now, Alicia’s co-stars have joined her in saying a heartfelt goodbye to her time on the series. John Dorie star Garret Dillahunt commented: “You served that character so well. See you on the lot.” Mo Collins, who plays Sarah Rabinowitz, added: “Well done, M’lady!! Congratulations!” Her on-screen mother, Kim, replied: “So many great memories! “Love you, blessed to have shared in this journey with you. Go get ‘em!!” (sic) DON'T MISS:The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtrygger lied about key skill to land role [INTERVIEW]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [COMMENT] Confirmation of Alycia’s exit has arrived shortly after it was confirmed she has signed on to the upcoming Hulu drama Saint X, replacing You star Victoria Pedretti. Recalling her time on the AMC zombie drama, she continued: “It has been the most extraordinary training ground as an actor where I’ve been given the chance to grow and learn. “I’ve had the honour of working with so many inspiring and talented people. It provided new opportunities, such as directing and it has bonded me to such incredible fans that have supported me along the way. “I was 21 when we began this crazy journey but now at 28, after seven years and 100 episodes, I decided it was time for me to move on as an actor and as a person,” she added. “As is the nature of our jobs I needed to seek out new challenges, new opportunities and carve out a new chapter for myself. “I have been so lucky to be a part of something so awesome for so long but I hope you can understand and respect my choice to further expand and grow. I wouldn’t be here without you all and I am so grateful.” Alycia has already started landing major new roles away from AMC, so hopefully, it won’t be long before her fans get their first glimpse at the exciting new stage of her career. Fear the Walking Dead season 7 concludes Sunday, June 5 on AMC in the USA.