Mrs Hinch is an influencer who became very popular after she started sharing her cleaning, organising and DIY tips on social media. Fans of the sensation often share their own recommendations on Facebook groups. Mrs Hinch fan and cleaning enthusiast Keeley Jolliffe explained in one of the groups she had a "huge problem" with ants in her house. She said: "We've had an influx of ants for the past few weeks in our kitchen. "We've put a few bait stations down where we've seen them. "I've put talc and salt down after seeing a few posts on here. They're still coming. "I hoover and wash the floor pretty much every day. Any ideas on what else can I try?" READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods  Becky Bell shared a very effective way to deter ants from the house and garden using mint. She said: "I had them a few weeks ago and someone said they don’t like mint! "So I got a little mint plant from Tesco and sat it on my kitchen surface and I don’t know if it’s the change in the weather or the plant but I haven’t seen one since." In fact, peppermint is a natural insect repellant and ants particularly hate its smell.  To get rid of ants in the garden, people can simply plant mint around entryways. Alternatively, peppermint oil or mint leaves can be placed around the house. Cleaning enthusiast Jade Boreham recommended: "Wipe vinegar where you’ve seen them. "Try looking at your sealant and windows to see if they’re coming in through there." Jeannette Brown advised using "clove oil" to try and stop them from coming into the house. She said: "They don't seem to like it at all. "I have sprinkled around the entrances, poured some onto kitchen paper or cotton ball and wiped around the doors, baseboards etc." Another Mrs Hinch fan, Viv Roberts, revealed ants "hate the smell of cinnamon". She said: "I've used it a few times, sprinkle generously around where they seem to be coming from and leave it for a good few days. "They didn't come back in my own experience." Zoe White added: "Go outside and find their nest. "Pour a kettle or two of boiling water on it. Kills them all."