Gentleman Jack originally made its debut in 2019 and while the coronavirus pandemic meant there was a major delay in its return, season two was welcomed with open arms in April 2022. The BBC period drama followed the next stage in Anne Lister's (played by Suranne Jones) life as her new wife Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) moved in with her at Shibden Hall. Of course, not everything is plain sailing as there are business deals and ex-lovers to deal with. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack.Gentleman Jack's Anne Lister has been preoccupying herself with a number of different elements in her life. She is still tending to her wife's mental welfare as Ann continues to struggle with her anxiety and depression, especially as she has upheaved her life to Shibden Hall. Then there are the matters of dividing up the Crow Nest estate between Ms Walker and her sister Elizabeth (Katherine Kelly), fighting against the latter's husband Captain Sutherland (Derek Riddell) to do so. On top of all of this, Lister had a secret fling with her former lover Marianna Lawton (Lydia Leonard) and was desperate to keep this from her new wife. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? With all of this going on, it's no wonder actress Suranne Jones revealed Gentleman Jack can be tiresome. She explained to press, including Express.co.uk: "I think the balls she's got now in season two...she's got her wife, she's setting up her life, she's spending her money. "It's like super-charged, she's fighting the tribe, she's protecting her assets, she's fighting for what she wants, the wills and the division of the estates. "I think that helps kind of give us this Anne Lister which is different to season one." Jones continued: "She's not just on fire, she's dangerous, because there's so much going on with her that she is on the cusp of losing control at any point because she is so excited with her life. "But it's tiring is the thing, if you don't pace yourself, you can easily get exhausted with the energy level." By the end of season two, Gentleman Jack had reached its peak in terms of drama. The finale nearly spelled the end of Lister and Ms Walker's marriage as well. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]Gentleman Jack season 3: Writer speaks out on hopes for another series [EXPLAINER]Gentleman Jack writer defends 'predator' Anne Lister [OPINION] Walker confronted Anne, stating she already knew about the affair with Marianna. But what troubled her more was her wife didn't want her mixing Lister's aristocratic friends, feeling as if she was ashamed of Ms Walker. As a result, Ann called time on their relationship, bringing their romance to a close. However, there was no time to react as they were scheduled for a meeting with Captain Sutherland about the division of the estate. Captain Sutherland, thanks to Anne's quick thinking, was caught out in a lie as he pretended to have a lawyer at the ready. When Elizabeth discovered this not to be the case, she urged him to do the right thing and allow her sister to have the land. Feeling backed into a corner, the Captain reluctantly agreed and in Ms Walker's mind, this fight on her behalf truly proved Lister's love for her. They made up shortly after and it seems as if the couple leaves season two stronger than ever. Gentleman Jack is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.