Sophie Ellis-Bextor, 43, has shared her thoughts on the UK’s chances in the upcoming Eurovision Song Contest. She compared the contest to the Super Bowl in a new interview, but was worried that the UK could be headed for a “nul points” score again. The 43-year-old spoke about her love for Eurovision, which goes back to when she was a child. Describing her early memories of watching Eurovision, she said: “It’s always been there, since I was tiny. “My parents always watched Eurovision and I remember watching it during the ‘80s when I was in single digits and being pretty fascinated by what I saw.” The Murder on the Dancefloor singer was asked about the UK’s chances of winning the contest. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Sophie, who is hosting a Eurovision Kitchen Disco warm-up party on BBC Radio 2 to celebrate, replied that we should prepare for the worst. She said, laughing: “We should probably brace ourselves for another ‘nul points’ score.” The singer added: “There have always been political undertones [to the voting], which again, is part of the fun. “We quite enjoy that, I think." “It’s part of the reason Britain treats it in an almost ironic way, and I don’t think it will ever lose that, but some of the songs that are good can have a life outside of Eurovision and be treated as legitimate hits.” “There is nothing out there like it,” said Sophie, expressing her love for it. Mother-of-five Sophie added: “It’s life-affirming and good fun. “Who doesn’t need a bit of fun in their life right now?” DON'T MISS:Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Alan Sugar brands Johnny Depp 'nutter’ and insults Amber Heard [COMMENT] In 2019 she was approached to be a judge, but she had to cancel due to parenting commitments. Sophie explained, speaking to Radio Times: “I had a very small baby that I was still feeding, and they wouldn’t let me bring it along.” During the pandemic lockdown, Sophie would broadcast a gig live on Instagram, every Friday, to lift spirits. Her weekly Kitchen Disco sessions were a hit and she is taking the show on a UK tour in June.  Sophie also published a memoir and started a podcast called Spinning Plates during this time. Representing the UK this year is TikTok star Sam Ryder with his hit song Space Man. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 takes place in Turin, Italy this week. Eurovision 2022 starts on Tuesday, May 10 and will air on BBC Three. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times.