Chelsea's new owners "want to make a statement" this summer and build an English spine at Stamford Bridge, claims TV presenter Richard Keys. Chelsea are set to be bought by American businessman Todd Boehly and Keys has backed the Blues to make three big signings this summer. Boehly's takeover was announced by the west London club over the weekend after the 46-year-old signed a purchase agreement. Current owner Roman Abramovich has been forced to sell following sanctions imposed on him by the UK Government. Keys thinks there could be a huge first window in charge for Boehly. He has heard that Chelsea want to bring in English players to build their team around and has picked three stars who he could see making the move to the Champions League holders. Chelsea have held strong interest in West Ham star Declan Rice for several years, and were keen on Tottenham striker Harry Kane last year. Both players make the cut for Keys but the most surprising suggestion is that of Manchester United captain Harry Maguire, who has had a difficult campaign for the Red Devils. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  Keys wrote in his blog: “Here’s one to keep an eye on. What I’m about to say will be met with the usual rebuttals – but how many times have we been proved right in this blog? “I keep hearing Chelsea want to go again – and build an English spine through their team. The new owners will want to make a statement and this might just be it. "They need a centre-back. Harry Maguire? What would he cost? £40-50 million? I'm pretty sure he'd jump at the chance of a new start. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'agree' first transfer for Erik ten Hag ahead of busy summer [GOSSIP]Man City can sign three players after Haaland 'done deal' to land Liverpool blow [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT   "The obvious one in midfield would be Rice. (N'Golo) Kante has all but run himself to a standstill. Rice would be a perfect replacement. "Would West Ham sell? Of course they will if the money is right. I'd give you £150m for him all day long. If Rice pushes hard it might not take that much. "So who do they go for up front? (Thomas) Tuchel wants rid of (Romelu) Lukaku - that's pretty obvious. But to where?  "Who's got the most out of him during his career? Correct - the guy at Tottenham. So if (Antonio) Conte can be persuaded to stay - and he fancied working with Lukaku again - what could Spurs do to get him? "They wouldn't want to pay anything like Chelsea did for him. So – what about a player exchange? Two players worth £50m a-piece? "An English spine at Chelsea I said. So Son (Heung-min) or (Dejan) Kulusevski wouldn't interest them at The Bridge. That leaves one option. Yep. England's No 9 (Kane). Let's see." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 