Alexander Zverev feels there is no doubt that Carlos Alcaraz has overtaken Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as the "best player in the world" following his Madrid Open title. The Spanish teenager has been tipped for superstardom ever since breaking onto the ATP Tour in 2020 at the age of 16.  Big wins followed in 2021 with records tumbling as he reached the quarter-finals of the US Open. But this year has seen Alcaraz take that next step to the elite level with multiple big wins to rise into the top 10. Alcaraz won his first Masters 1000 title at the Miami Open earlier in the year before following that up with victory at the Barcelona Open. He carried that form over to Madrid this past week, defeating Britain's Cam Norrie to set up a clash with his childhood hero Rafa Nadal. And the 19-year-old recorded his first win over the 21-time Grand Slam champion to set up a mouthwatering semi-final against world No 1 Djokovic. It was the same result though as Alcaraz progressed to the final with Zverev unable to put up any fight against the Spaniard.  Alcaraz will now rise to No 6 in the rankings on Monday following his latest win and will be among the favourites at the French Open. And Zverev feels no player in the men's game is playing better than Alcaraz right now. "I think right now you are the best player in the world," Zverev said. "Even though you are still five years old you’re still beating us all so it’s great to see for tennis that we have such a new superstar who is gonna win so many grand slams gonna be world no 1 and I think gonna win this tournament so many times."  All eyes will be on Alcaraz for the French Open later this month where the teenager will be looking to make a deep run. But he will come up against both Nadal and Djokovic, both of whom are still battling for the most Grand Slam titles in ATP history. Zverev was no match for Alcaraz in Sunday's final, with the world No 3 winning just 25 per cent of points in his second serve. The Spanish crowd was behind their next superstar from the outset, chanting "Carlos" throughout the match. After taking the first set, Alcaraz made light work in the second with three consecutive break of serves to win in just over an hour.  