According to a survey of more than 2,000 Britons, one in four people are resorting to skipping meals due to financial problems after a spike in living costs. The Ipsos poll also shows 51percent of people were "very concerned" over the cost of living. The survey comes as costs are at an all-time high in the UK, with inflation expected to rise to 10percent by the end of the year.  Many people have been forced to change their daily routines to lower bills around the house, with some switching off heating altogether. The survey was conducted with 2,061 people aged between 16 and 75 in Great Britain between May 11 and May 12. It also shows the pressure from rising bills is being particularly felt by those on lower incomes, with more than half of those earning less than £20,000 a year feeling “very concerned” about the cost of living over the next six months. In comparison, for those earning £55,000 or more, less than two in five were concerned about the cost of living.  The survey also shows three in five Britons have turned off their heating to lower energy bills around the house, with the costs skyrocketing from April 1 this year. Millions of households in the UK were faced with a shocking £700 a year increase after the price cap rose by 54percent, with another sharp increase expected in October. The poll further showed that nearly one in five people had borrowed money to make ends meet, with council tax being the common household bill people struggle to pay according to StepChange. As well as living costs, other costs around the country have also increased with petrol and diesel prices rising to an all-time high following the Russian invasion of Ukraine on February 24. READ MORE: Dad cleared of murder charges after death of burglar at his home  Two in five people have said they have already had to switch to a cheaper supermarket to keep food costs low, with costs of staple items like butter and chicken rising by a tenth over the last year. With people on the hunt to save in certain areas, some cancelled their TV and streaming subscription service, with twice as many people cutting back on socialising. Despite people cutting back expenses, they are still expecting a rise in the cost of living according to the poll. Roughly nine in ten Britons are expected utility bills to rise further over the next six months, with half of those surveyed expecting a rise in mortgage payments or rents.  DON'T MISS: White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [ANALYSIS]Jim Davidson lets rip as row erupts over Thatcher's statue  [INSIGHT]Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined [OPINION] Some 52percent of Brits said they expected motoring fuel costs to "increase a lot" over the next six months, with 50percent also expecting food shopping costs to increase. Since the start of the year, the survey further revealed 65percent of people have not turned on the heating, with 44percent driving their car less, and 27percent skipping meals to cope with the rise in costs. It was also revealed that those living in London and the North East and Yorkshire expected their areas to be worst hit by the cost of living, with 28percent of people from both areas saying living costs will be “worse than in other parts of the country.” Meanwhile, those living in the South East thought their area would be the least affected, with 30 percent saying living costs won’t be "as bad" as in other parts of the country. 