As bills continue to rise, people are being reminded they could qualify for financial help from the DWP. Britons are missing out on Universal Credit which also acts as a gateway benefit to additional freebies that could save people thousands of pounds on their bills. More than one million people are missing out on Universal Credit, figures from the DWP show, but that’s not the only thing they are losing out on. Universal Credit acts as a gateway benefit to 30 other benefits that could help people save thousands of pounds on their bills. By not claiming Universal Credit they could be missing out on hundreds of pounds towards energy bills. In addition, claiming this benefit might also mean they are entitled to up to £10,000 to pay for a new boiler and a council tax discount. READ MORE: Free bus pass: 10 groups of Britons qualify for free or reduced travel Who qualifies for Universal Credit?  DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT]     Meanwhile, MPs confirmed this week the Universal Credit uplift of £20 would not be reinstated despite the fact that Britons on low incomes are struggling as the UK faces a recession warning. While the cost of living crisis is crippling the nation’s finances, millions of people could qualify for extra help, not just in the form of Universal Credit. Some Universal Credit claimants qualify for free broadband installation from Openreach which could save their household £92. Universal Credit claimants may also be able to get grants - poverty charity Turn2Us has a tool on its website for people to check out which grants are available in their area. Less than one percent of Universal Credit recipients who are entitled to “social tariffs”, which give discounts on broadband bills, are actually claiming them. Details on how to apply for the free broadband installation can be found on Openreach’s website. Unemployed jobseekers are also entitled to free internet for six months following a collaboration between the DWP and telecoms provider TalkTalk. To find out more people should speak to their work coach.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit claimants may also be able to claim: To find out more people can go to Gov.uk. 