Tottenham ace Emerson Royal could be facing an FA punishment after celebrating his side’s opening goal against Arsenal on Thursday night by dancing with a flare. The pyrotechnic device had been thrown onto the pitch by a fan after Harry Kane had scored from the penalty spot midway through the opening 45 minutes. There was huge anticipation ahead of the match at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as the Lilywhites looked to stay in the race for a top four finish. And Kane put the hosts in front from 12 yards as he sent Gunners keeper Aaron Ramsdale the wrong way after Son Heung-min had been bundled over. There was mayhem in the stands as the ball hit the back of the net as Spurs fans celebrated the strike. And Royal was clearly caught up in the jubilation as he used the flare as a prop for his celebration. Arsenal’s evening went from bad to worse as Rob Holding was sent off just after the half-hour mark after picking up a second booking when he caught Son in the face with an elbow. And Kane doubled his side’s advantage as he headed home from close range after being left in acres of space at the back post at a corner. The home side eventually ran out 3-0 winners as Son got his name on the scoresheet moments after the interval, with Arsenal unable to respond. READ MORE: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah   Royal’s actions could land him in hot water after the FA contacted Liverpool winger Harvey Elliott when he picked up a red flare following his side’s Carabao Cup victory over Chelsea in February. The FA were unhappy the youngster had been pictured holding the flare amid the victory celebrations as pyrotechnics are banned at football stadiums throughout the country. And Everton striker Richarlison is facing an FA investigation after he threw a blue flare back into the Goodison Park crowd after it had been hauled onto the pitch during his team’s 1-0 Premier League victory over Chelsea at the start of the month.  Earlier this week, the FA were forced to address the issue of flares as they released a statement urging fans not to take any to Wembley for this Saturday’s FA Cup final. “In recent months, we have seen a rise in pyrotechnics, flares and smoke devices being brought to stadiums around the country,” read the statement. “It is important to highlight that these items are not only illegal inside a football stadium, but these prohibited items can also cause great harm to people. These pyrotechnics and flares can burn at up to 2,000°C and can cause significant injuries to carriers and fellow spectators. We have also seen a number of incidents that have resulted in people experiencing breathing difficulties, distress and discomfort.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  