Saira Khan, 51, has revealed that she has had a £2,500 bum lift and joked that her husband can’t keep his hands off. The former Loose Women panellist has admitted that she has historically had a love-hate relationship with her buttocks. But Saira recently had the Lanluma procedure, a non-surgical treatment which has meant she is more willing to show off. She said that she doesn’t want to hide any longer. The star also quipped that she would like to thank Kim Kardashian. Saira said: “I’m not hiding any more. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “Big bums used to be covered by baggy jumpers but things are different now. “So this is the only time I will ever say ‘thank you’ to Kim Kardashian!" she added to The Sun. The procedure uses an injectable gel known as Poly-L-Lactic acid to stimulate the body’s collagen. This is then believed to shape and contour the bottom. She went on to say that the procedure increased her confidence but also improved her sex life with husband Steve Hyde. The star explained that he couldn’t “keep his hands off.” Saira said in the same interview: “He can’t keep his hands off my bum! We went out for dinner the other night and normally we’d hold hands, but I found it there resting on my left (bum) cheek. “So it’s definitely had mutual benefits.” DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The former Apprentice contestant continued, saying that the difference was remarkable. She also feels she has extra confidence when she wears a bikini. Detailing the procedure, she explained that she was happy that there was no cutting involved in the procedure, and that it was non-surgical. She did say, however, that it was slightly painful and uncomfortable. Discussing why she got the procedure, the star said she wanted to stop”regretting” things as she entered her 50’s. She concluded by saying she is no longer self-conscious. Saira was a contestant on the first series of The Apprentice in 2005. Since then, she has co-presented the Martin Lewis Money Show and has been a regular panellist on Loose Women.