Many houseplants are easy to grow and look after, and can live for several years. Whether wanting a large indoor plant or small, each requires specific humidity levels as well as temperatures. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), some plants deal with heat and cold better than others. They said: “Research their minimum temperature tolerance before positioning. “Excessive heat can cause those plants preferring cooler conditions to dehydrate and wilt. “Temperatures that are too low can cause pants like a warmer spot to collapse and rot.” Peace lilies are a tropical plant and need to be kept in temperatures above 16 degrees celsius. READ MORE: Jo Brand has 'brilliant time' at home in quiet Kent town A snake plant, which is a low maintenance houseplant, needs between 12 and 16 degrees to thrive. The RHS added: “Don’t leave plants behind drawn curtains in winter as the space there can become very cold. “Close proximity to radiators can cause leaves to dehydrate and become brown around the margins. “Too much warmth along with low daylight levels in winter can force the plant to make weak unhealthy growth.” DON'T MISS:Artificial lawn warning after Katherine Ryan’s balcony caught fire [WARNING]Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £12k to boost London home by £353k [COMMENT] Houseplants should also be kept away from cold draughts which can shock a plant and cause it to collapse. As well as keeping the temperature right, keeping humidity levels is also important for a number of houseplants. This includes the Swiss cheese plant, devil’s ivy and the spider plant. To help boost humidity levels, the RHS recommended placing the plant on a saucer over a tray or moist gravel. Moist pebbles can also be used. They added: “Group plants together to benefit from local humidity created by the combined moisture given off by their leaves. “Spraying can also be helpful if done frequently.” In a bid to help houseplant owners keep their plants healthy, Hammonds Furniture recently analysed Google search data to find out which plants are the most popular in the UK. According to the research, the peace lily is one of the most “difficult” houseplants to care for, with 8,100 people searching for help looking after it. Experts at Hammonds Furniture said: “When it comes to humidity and temperature, the peace lily needs a more particular set up. “They should be kept away from cold draughts, and will do best in a humid room, such as a bathroom. “However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days. Misting houseplants helps to mimic their native environment and boost humidity.