The Duke of Cambridge travelled overseas was pictured offering his condolences to the federation’s new president and ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan following the death. This is the second time William has been asked to pass on the monarch’s condolences following the death of a foreign head of state.  The Duke was pictured wearing a black tie and suit, sitting next to the new president in pictures released by the British Embassy in the UAE. Leader Sheikh Khalifa died on Friday, May 13, at 73 after years of ruling during the country’s rapid growth as a global business hub. Boris Johnson also travelled to the UAE on Sunday, May 15, to offer condolences, alongside other leaders such as Israel’s president after the two countries opened formal relations in 2020. It appears William has been taking on a number of duties on behalf of the Queen in recent months, with him attending the State Opening of Parliament with his father Prince Charles after his grandmother pulled out of attending.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'having his say' as Royal Family in 'volatile situation' Posting on Twitter, the British Embassy in UAE wrote: “The Duke of Cambridge met with HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan today to pay his sincere condolences following the death of HH Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. “HRH also offered his warmest congratulations to HH on his appointment as President of the United Arab Emirates.” The duke flew in overnight to visit the oil-rich emirate, with the duty showing a sign of William’s increasing responsibilities within the royal family. Sheikh Mohammed served as the nation’s de facto leader since Sheikh Khalifa suffered a stroke in 2014. In turn, he has helped transform the UAE, with a population of 10 million, into an influential state.  DON'T MISS: Queen told it would 'positive' to have Harry on Jubilee balcony [COMMENT]RAF 'surges' fleet of Air Tanker Voyager aircraft to Eastern Europe [PICTURES]Queen’s deep respect for Camilla laid bare – 'Great deal in common' [ANALYSIS]