Queen Elizabeth II, 96, was honoured with a star-studded equestrian event at Windsor Castle on Sunday. Britain’s longest-serving monarch received a standing ovation as she attended the ‘A Gallop Through History’ performance at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. A-list celebrities including Tom Cruise and Dame Helen Mirren were part of an all-star line-up to honour the Queen. The royal commentator was interviewed for the Channel 5 series, ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’, broadcast earlier this year. She said: “The Queen loves Windsor. That is her primary residence. “So, to see her primary home go up and smoke and flames, must have been heart-wrenching.” The fire completely gutted many parts of Windsor Castle, destroying 115 rooms in total, including nine State Rooms. The inferno was sparked by a faulty spotlight in Queen Victoria's Private Chapel, which set a curtain alight. Remarkably, no one was killed in the blaze and only two works of art were lost – a rosewood sideboard and a painting. However, for the Queen, the disaster compounded what had been a terrible year for her personally and the Royal Family as a whole. In 1992, Her Majesty’s sons Prince Andrew and Prince Charles separated from their respective wives, Sarah, Duchess of York and Diana, Princess of Wales. The Queen referred to the monarchy’s woeful year as the “annus horribilis” in a speech to mark the 40th anniversary of her accession. She said: “1992 is not a year on which I shall look back with undiluted pleasure. DON'T MISS: David Jason’s 'disappointment' over being knighted by Queen: ‘Where’s the other bit?’ [LATEST]Prince Harry hates 'stuffy' royal engagements and ‘doesn’t like wearing ties’ – expert [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry be allowed to become part-time royals? [ANALYSIS] “In the words of one of my more sympathetic correspondents, it has turned out to be an 'Annus Horribilis'. “I suspect that I am not alone in thinking it so. “Indeed, I suspect that there are very few people or institutions unaffected by these last months of worldwide turmoil and uncertainty. “This generosity and whole-hearted kindness of the Corporation of the City to Prince Philip and me would be welcome at any time, but at this particular moment, in the aftermath of Friday's tragic fire at Windsor, it is especially so.” Rebuilding the Queen’s iconic royal residence was going to cost up to £60 million, according to reports at the time. The Royal Family eventually footed the bill for the repairs out of their own pocket after it had been suggested that taxpayers’ money be used. ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.