Buckingham Palace has now announced the Queen's decision as to who will appear on the balcony for Trooping the Colour 2022, and several well-known royals appear to be off the guest list. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will not appear on the balcony, and neither will Prince Andrew. The Palace said that "after careful consideration", only royals who carry out official duties will be permitted to view the spectacle from the balcony with the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee. Several of the Queen's children and cousins will appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony, along with her grandson and future King, Prince William, and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." The people who will join the Queen on the balcony include: The Queen appears to have made some exceptions to the guest list for the occasion, as Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence is not a working member of the Royal Family. The Wessex children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn will also be present at the occasion. Royal fans can also expect to see the three Cambridge children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. A Palace spokesman added: "In addition the Cambridge and Wessex children are also expected to appear as is Sir Tim Laurence, who the Queen is happy to attend as a frequent attendee and support for the Princess Royal on official engagements." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their working royal roles in March 2020, meaning they will not appear on the Trooping the Colour balcony with the Queen. Prince Andrew stepped back from royal duties for the foreseeable future following his BBC Newsnight interview in 2019. Non-working Royal Family members who will also not appear include the Queen's grandchildren Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie, Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips. But we can expect appearances from Royal Family members at other Platinum Jubilee events, and Harry and Meghan have now confirmed they will be visiting the UK with their two children Lilibet and Archie. DON'T MISS:Will Prince Harry attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Will Queen ever see Archie again? 'Nothing Sussexes do is predictable' [ANALYSIS]Archie pictures through the years - who does he look more like? [PICTURES]  Lilibet was born in June 2021, and it is understood this will be the first time the Queen will meet her new great-grandchild. Trooping the Colour will return in all its Buckingham Palace glory this year after being held on a smaller scale in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid pandemic. A smaller Trooping was held at Windsor Castle for the last two years, but the usual crowds will be back to line the streets of London this June. Along with Trooping the Colour, other jubilee events include the Derby at Epsom, as well as the Platinum Party at the Palace and a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral over the four-day bank holiday weekend.