Amanda Owen has been taking some time away from Our Yorkshire Farm on Channel 5 following the latest season. While the uplifting series will return at some point in the future, the Owens have been extremely busy off-camera. The family bought a remote farmhouse in 2020, but how is the project going? The Owens bought High Smithy Holme, a stone's throw from Ravenseat Farm, a couple of years ago. The 18th-century barn has been sitting empty for the past 60s years and it was made a Grade II listed building in 1986. Land surveyor Anthony Clarkson used to own the home, and he was responsible for designing the tithe maps of Swaledale. Amanda and Clive previously opened up about how the barn's roof had caved in. They had a huge task on their hands in transforming the building into a suitable living space. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb's exit confirmed They submitted a planning application to convert the barn into a two-bedroom house. The new home will include a living room, a hallway and stairs, as well as a cupboard in what used to be the former parlour. The stable area will be turned into a lounge, with a kitchen and diner, utility room and shower room at the back of the house. Two bedrooms will be located upstairs and the overall concept seemed to go down well with local residents. Their planning application was approved, with no objections to the scheme. Planning officers said the plans struck a good balance between conserving the historic character of the building and bringing it up to a modern standard. They were also in support of bringing the farm back into working order. The latest development means the hard work can start on the all-important upgrades. In the meantime, Amanda has been keeping her Instagram followers up to date with life on the farm. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twist [THEORY] When is Our Yorkshire Farm on TV? [INSIGHT] Raven Owen: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's daughter? [EXPLAINER] In her latest post, she revealed the last of the lambs had been born, saying: "Finally. The last stubborn inmate… "Sorry patient has been discharged from the lambing hospital. Sheep pens dismantled & now closed for admissions." [Sic] Ravenseat has been closed to the public for the past few weeks as the family has been busy lambing. Visitors have not been allowed into the farmyard during this time. Fans were sent into a frenzy when she shared a selection of photos of her daughter Raven with some horses. Her followers thought they were looking at a photo of Amanda, due to the uncanny resemblance. Liz_illingsworth said: "Beautiful photos. I actually thought raven was you!!! Wow like mother like daughter there." Sallypope86 said: "Beautiful photo… Raven is a beaut just like her mum, I had to look twice."  Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.