Aldi is one supermarket that has speedy checkouts; customers need to be prepared to fill their shopping bags quickly, or dump it all back into the trolley, pay and pack it neatly at the packing benches behind the tills or in the boot of their car. One shopper, however, took to the Aldi UK Shoppers Facebook group to speak about the fast checkout system in place, in hope of hearing how other shoppers avoid squashed food. Jane Sarah posted on social media: “Does anyone pack as they go at aldi? Or do you pack after. “I tried today and felt so under pressure my pizzas was squashed the fresh ones too lol. My sub rolls looked like they was gonna be flat breads any time soon and my buns were getting a bashing too. “Does anyone ask them to slow down?” The comment gained hundreds of comments from other Aldi shoppers. Carly S Anderson replied: “I pack at the till!!! I load stuff onto the conveyor belt in order, heavy stuff bottles tins etc then frozen stuff, fresh stuff and delicate stuff like eggs and bread go last. “I have my bags ready open laid out in the trolley and then pack as it comes through the checkout!!! “I can’t stand the thought of putting it back in the trolley to then have to pack it, put it all in the car and then un pack it again once I’m home.” READ MORE: Sainsbury's diesel announcement to impact every petrol station in UK Angela also packed this way: “I'm the sad individual that puts everything in order on the conveyor belt so that heavy things go in the bottom of bags, frozen, chilled, fruit and veg in another etc and anything that could be easily squashed or broken goes last.” Sue Merli also loaded the conveyor belt with her items in a certain way to ease packing: “It's all about how you load the conveyor! Heavy stuff first. Then all fridge and frozen. Then all veg and fruit. Last crisps, bread etc. 4 bags wide open in trolley. “I just chuck it into the bags, in the same way as if it was going into the trolley.” Lorraine, on the other hand, packs her shopping at her own pace. DON'T MISS...Two forms of exercises that ‘burn calories’ and ‘decrease fat’ [EXCLUSIVE]How to look younger: ‘Knock 5 years off’ with beauty procedure [INTERVIEW]Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [ROYAL] Angela also packed this way: “I'm the sad individual that puts everything in order on the conveyor belt so that heavy things go in the bottom of bags, frozen, chilled, fruit and veg in another etc and anything that could be easily squashed or broken goes last.” Sue Merli also loaded the conveyor belt with her items in a certain way to ease packing: “It's all about how you load the conveyor! Heavy stuff first. Then all fridge and frozen. Then all veg and fruit. Last crisps, bread etc. 4 bags wide open in trolley. “I just chuck it into the bags, in the same way as if it was going into the trolley.” Lorraine, on the other hand, packs her shopping at her own pace. She explained: “They have always done this but i put a stop to by just repacking my trolly at MY speed not theirs and it works because the space they have at the checkout is only small so when the stuff piles up there is no room for any more so they have to stop rushing me, I refuse to be bullied at the checkout.” There were a couple of Aldi employees who commented on the post. Rebecca Louise Sharp, who works for the supermarket chain explained: “Aldi employee here! If you want to pack at the till it is much easier if you organise your bits on the conveyor belt and have your bags open and ready. "I'll always wait for you to get organised if you need to and if you need me to slow down then absolutely ask, there's nothing worse than feeling panicked and pressured. “Yes we have to scan fast (1100 items an hour) but there are methods for us to keep our till score high without throwing your biscuits at you (1 coding - fellow employees if you know you know).” Nicola Bacon, another Aldi employee shared her advice: “I've worked for aldi for over 20 years and believe me it is so much easier if you've got a lot of shopping just to simply put it back in your trolley and pack it afterwards on the packing bench that way not under pressure and got your own time to put into bags so things don't get squashed etc. “It's been this way since before I started and I really do believe it's the best way. “Unless you've got your bags set up ready and keep up its your call.” Marian Edwards said: “Why would you pack at the till? You get stressed queues get longer and other customers behind you get stressed. Much easier to pack at the packing area for everybody. Including yourself.” Sarah How commented: “I never pack at the till. The best bit about Aldi is how fast they get through the queue of customers. I organise my stuff on the conveyor belt so heavy stuff first. Nothing ever gets squashed. I pack at my car where I have my bags all ready. So quick it's brilliant.” Diane Heggie agreed: “I use the packing shelf, it’s what it’s for and I find it’s so much quicker. I just wish other stores had a packing shelf.” Express.co.uk has contacted Aldi for a comment on their checkout systems and the supposed cashier scanning targets.