Speculations have been gaining traction over the last few weeks about Vladimir Putin’s health condition amid this phase of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Though the subject is considered taboo in Russia, allegations have ranged from Putin being dead to him being seriously sick. Russian Foreign Secretary Sergey Lavrov has dismissed the allegations, telling AFP: "I don’t think that sane people can see in this person signs of some kind of illness or ailment." In a statement from the Russian foreign ministry, Secretary Lavrov added: "You can watch on screen, read and listen to his speeches. I leave it to the conscious of those who spread such rumours." But Taras Kuzio, an expert on security and crime in Russia and Ukraine, argued there are clear indications Putin could be sick. Speaking to GB News, he said: "There’s no smoke without fire. "There’s something going on. "He certainly looks very different. "His face is far more puffed up since it was, say, in 2014 when Russia invaded and annexed Crimea." "So, there’s something going on with his health. "And I don’t think we’re going to see Putin with no shirt on doing the macho show on the back of a horse anytime soon. "So, he’s certainly a different Putin from shall we say eight years ago. "And that I think is impacting upon his foreign and aggressive policies." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base Moving on to speculations around his health relayed in the press, Mr Kuzio said: "Yes, I think we can take it some of it seriously. "But we’ve got to be careful not to, I think, exaggerate and go with the tabloids. "For example, there were a couple of reports in the last few days that he’s already dead and that there’s a double. Metro reported on Sunday that Putin "may already be dead and replaced with body double" as an unnamed MI6 official told the Daily Star that "when he (Putin) dies, his death will be kept secret for weeks, if not months". Speculations are mounting as Russian forces are doubling down on their effort to "liberate" Ukraine’s eastern Donbas region which Sergey Lavrov says is an "unconditional priority" for Moscow. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] Originally, Putin said he launched the invasion of Ukraine to restore peace in the war-torn Donbas region and protect Russian-speaking Ukrainians from assault by "neo-Nazi" Ukraine. In the days prior to the invasion, Russia also recognised the independence of Donbas’ break-away provinces of Donetsk and Luhansk. "The liberation of Donetsk and Luhansk regions, recognised by the Russia Federation as independent states, is an unconditional priority", Sergey Lavrov told French broadcaster TF1. Speaking of the rest of Ukraine, Lavrov added: "I do not believe that they will be happy to return to the authority of a neo-Nazi regime that has proven it is Russophobic in essence." 