Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) discovered the truth about Imran Habeeb's (Charlie De Melo) illicit plan to get custody of his son Alfie in the latest edition of the ITV soap. The Coronation Street youngster put the pieces of the puzzle together after speaking with Ben (Jon-Paul Bell), who worked for the lawyer to pin some dirt on Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) so she looked like a bad mother in front of the courts. Having been betrayed by many people in her life and seeing Abi as a friend, the teenager was livid and confronted her father figure in his office. The youngster was interested to know how exactly Ben had been able to get a job at the lawyer's office with very little credentials. "Why are you so interested?" Imran asked his former foster daughter, to which she replied: "You know me, I've got an inquisitive mind. "Was even written in my school report when I was in Year Seven. And you know what my dad said, 'Best not to be too inquisitive.' "You know why he said that, don't you? Because he was doing stuff that he didn't want me to know about. Awful stuff. "Bit like what you're doing," she said, making it clear to Imran that she had known what he'd done to frame Abi for buying drugs. READ MORE: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge "I'm not doing anything," he hit back, to which Kelly replied: "But you already have done, haven't you. Ben said he saw Abi scoring. "Ben is the druggie and Abi lost her son because of him," she added, with Imran trying to correct her as he said: "No, Abi lost her son because of what she did. Ben just made a statement." "And now, he's working for you. Are you really going to sit there and treat me like an idiot?" Kelly asked as she got angrier by the second. "That man is scum, I know it and you certainly know it," she added, with Imran telling her: "Will you just leave it, Kelly." "Why, because you don't want me to know the truth? Why did you hire him?" she inquired as she was hellbent on getting the truth out of him. With Imran claiming he did what he had to do because Alfie was his son, Kelly said: "So that means you can do whatever you like, does it? "You had nothing to pin against Abi so you paid that creep to lie for you. Go on, admit it. She never bought any drugs, did she?" "She took that morphine off you," the lawyer replied, with Kelly defending her friend as she added: "No she was helping me out." "You don't know that for sure. I believed she was using and I still believe she was," Imran continued as he was unwilling to back down. "So if you convince yourself Abi was trying to get off her face this whole time then you could justify what you've done?" Kelly asked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT] "Everything that I have done is for Alfie," Imran said in a stern tone, with his former foster daughter remarking: "And you really believe that?" Imran agreed he did, to which she added: "When I first met you and Toyah, it was weird because I had never met people like you. Proper good, decent, a bit boring but I wanted to be good like you." "I try to be a good person," the lawyer commented, with Kelly telling him: "I know you love your son and I know you want to protect him. "But I look at you now and I'm disgusted. What is he going to think when he grows up and he hears what you did to his mum?" the young woman asked. As Kelly left the office furious with her former foster father, it seems she could have had revenge on the brain. Not thinking clearly as her aim was to cause as much pain to Imran as possible, she could have seen his car in the garage. With Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) giving it the once over after he took out the plug to the starter motor to stop Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) from taking Alfie to a family party, Kelly could want to cause more damage. As Kevin would have completed the work, knowing there wasn't anything wrong with it in the first place, he might not check how Kelly messed with some important aspects of the car. Therefore, this is what could cause the crash which will air later this week and puts Imran and Toyah's lives in danger. It's been confirmed the actor who plays Imran, Charlie, is leaving the show and he could possibly die as part of the dramatic week of episodes. Could Kelly really turn into a killer as she betrays the man who has been like a father to her over the past couple of years? Charlie has previously spoken out about his character and has teased someone would be getting revenge for what he's done. The soap star told Express.co.uk and other media: "I certainly think Imran is (a selfish character). I think he’s far more selfish than he would let on. "One of the few things you’re told when you’re starting out as an actor is that you’re never really supposed to judge your characters, you’re supposed to go into it with a neutral head. "But I feel like I’ve been doing this for long enough that I’m allowed to have an opinion on him now. "He’s shown that when he has done wrong to the people that he professes to love and to be closest to, he does everything he can to avoid responsibility. He will eschew it and he will duck away, he’ll hide, he will lie." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.