This is yet another example of the royals quietly joining families across the nation in trying to show kindness and solidarity at a time of crisis. They have not sought publicity or praise but have provided shelter to people for whom the comforts of normality have vanished. The contribution the Royal Family make to modern Britain is immense. They have helped raise the profile of mental health conditions and stripped away stigma. Throughout the pandemic they used their fame to put the spotlight on everyday heroes. The sight of Prince William conferring a damehood on podcaster Deborah James this month demonstrates the power of royalty to express the nation’s appreciation of courageous individuals. Our hard-working royals are a force for good. They have won the respect of the country through the dedication to service which is exemplified by the Queen. ------------------------------------------- Speaking out of turn... Nancy Pelosi, one of the most powerful politicians in the United States, should refrain from intervening in the sovereign affairs of an ally when she has scant understanding of a complex situation. The US Speaker claimed Britain is “seeking to unilaterally discard the Northern Ireland Protocol” and warned that if it undermines the Good Friday Agreement which underpins the peace process then “Congress cannot and will not support a bilateral free trade agreement”. Boris Johnson does not want to scrap the protocol but seeks to reform it in a bid to reduce community tensions, restore democracy and avoid further damage to the economy. The central idea in the Good Friday Agreement is that the status of Northern Ireland would not change without the consent of its population. But the protocol – designed to avoid the need for a land border in Ireland – has disrupted trade with the rest of the UK and the unionist DUP is refusing to share power with Sinn Fein until problems are resolved. Self-serving interventions by the likes of the US Speaker risk making a difficult situation far worse. ------------------------------------------- Being Rishi and famous Rishi Sunak and his wife may well have groaned when they learned they have earned a spot on this year’s “rich list” with a joint fortune of £730million. They should not worry. One of the best things about Britain is one family’s particular blessings do not automatically trigger envy and jealously in others. As the Beatles – no strangers to success themselves – put it so well in 1964, “money can’t buy me love”.