Only when these take place at the same time as General Elections does turn-out rise above half of the electorate. With around 70 percent of the population not bothering to cast their vote, it has become a rather exclusive pre-occupation. It is now the preserve of your “nosey neighbour”, the journalist, the commentator, the psephologist, and the political class. As usual, the forthcoming local elections will be imbued with a great deal of significance. Like Druids of Old, our expert class will read the runes and make Delphic pronouncements. Some will see the vote as a “referendum” on Boris and Partygate. Others will regard it as a vote on Wokery and Keir Starmer’s inability to define with any certainty what a woman is. We might witness a shift from Blue to Red in areas that were Red not so long ago, or the reverse. It will be tempting to extrapolate from the local election to the forthcoming General one. Whilst Local Elections are deemed by many, according to research from the House of Commons Library, “secondary order” elections, millions of voters will still make their way to the polling booths and lend their votes to one party or another. After all, our media and politicians are starved of meaningful data for months, if not years, between elections. In between such dates, they can only feed off dodgy surveys and polls, based mainly on the views of fewer than 2000 interviewees. These small samples, mixed in with plenty of guesswork and rules of thumb, described as methodology by professionals, gives media organisations the fleeting feeling that they understand or know “what the man on the Clapham Omnibus” thinks. The accuracy of such surveys is questionable at the best of times.  As a result, in the absence of anything else, local elections are seen as the best proxy available to understand the mood of the people. However, General and Local Elections are very different beasts. Comparing one set of results to prognosticate on the results of another in the future is comparing apples today with oranges in two years’ time. As the Chairman of the Wakefield Conservative Association once said though, local elections are about “dog Sh*t and dustbins and anyone who is too thick to understand that should not stand for elections”. Such is the West Yorkshire way. However, one important aspect of local elections that feeds directly into the national political landscape is the training serious minded candidates receive when putting their names forward. Indeed, door-knocking is the best training any candidate, who loves his country, can undergo. Behind each door hides a mystery, a world view, as well as habits and interests. It is about speaking, listening and understanding constituents – compatriots in other words. The information he or she will receive about the thinking process of the voter will be far richer, far more granular, than anything a Think-Tank, a manufactured Focus Group or an academic paper can provide.  It will give the would-be representative the confidence to represent the views of his constituents in parliament and not the diktats of his party to his constituents. Such interaction, if done openly and with humility, should quickly show the would-be local politicians that our countrymen are too diverse in thought, interest and taste to box into artificial categories. The one thread that ties the whole together is a sincere and deep love of country, which is alive and well behind the vast majority of doors. Unfortunately, too many of our current members of parliament in all parties have eschewed this most important training. They have been promoted to meet abstract Diversity quotas. Their outward form has taken precedence over the content of their character and the substance of their experience. And, unfortunately, it shows. While local elections tell us little about where we are going nationally, they do however, and importantly, tell us something about what is happening locally. And local elections do matter. There are 379 local authorities across our Islands. The services received by the populations at a local level varies greatly from one area to the next.  The Legatum Institute, a Think-Tank, ranks all local authorities based on 256 indicators. These range from “Violent Crimes” to “Freedom of Speech and Access to Information” and from “Business Environment” to “Access to Local Amenities”. In their 2021 UK Prosperity Index Wokingham, Richmond Upon Thames and Waverley were in the top three; Glasgow, Middlesbrough and Blackpool in the bottom three. There are many reasons for the discrepancies. Over-centralisation on London and a decades-long policy driven focus on services and the financial sector to the detriment of a multitude of other activities, such as fishing, manufacturing, and energy extraction, have taken their toll. However, one of them must be the quality, motivation and ideology of elected and appointed officials locally. On aggregate, Local Authorities have a budget of over GBP 50 billion. The Local Government Information Unit, a local authority membership organisation, designed to provide intelligence and support to elected councillors and unelected local officials, tells us that Local government accounts for almost a quarter of all public expenditure in England.  Moneys available to local authorities are evenly split between grants from central government and locally raised funding. The latter include council tax, retained local business rates income, and other sources such as car parks, parking permits, rents and the hire of sports facilities. In other words, Local councils have approximately the same spending power of the whole Home Office, Defence and Transport ministries combined. These large budgets and some spending discretion should act as an incentive for people take part in the local decision making process. The low turn-out could be due to Whitehall’s power in deciding where funding goes; the size of large metropolitan councils who are too distant to be really local and, as a result run by a detached and self-interested class of council officers; and to the Byzantine structure of local decision making. However, the low turn-out will not mean that the electorate is disinterested in their locality, their country or keen to rejoin the European Union. It will be simply that the way our local representative institutions are set up, and the relationship between centre and the provinces, just turn people off. 