All eyes will be on Meghan Markle along with her husband Prince Harry and young children Archie Harrison and Lilibet, when they make a highly-anticipated appearance at this week's historic Platinum Jubilee celebrations. On Thursday, they won't be guests on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour military flyover as the Queen has limited the numbers to working royals. But they are expected to attend a number of other events over the long bank holiday, including a traditional service of thanksgiving that will be held at St Paul's Cathedral in Central London on Friday. Last month, Harry and Meghan visited the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle on their way to the Invictus Games in The Hauge, Netherlands. But this week's visit to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations will be their first public appearance together here since stepping down as senior working royals more than two years ago. Meghan's trusted make-up artist and close friend, Daniel Martin, has already made the trip from the US to Britain ahead of her rival, according to an article by Daily Mail Royal Editor Rebecca English. He was responsible for Meghan’s stunning make-up at her wedding to Harry in 2018, and has already reportedly met up with her UK-based hairdresser, George Northwood, and one of her oldest friends, Lindsay Roth. Mr Martin has been close to Meghan since meeting her while she was filming hit US drama Suits in Toronto, Canada, in 2011. The make-up artist told beauty website Into The Gloss: "I knew what she wanted — it was one of those things where she looked at herself in the mirror and was like, ‘Oh my God, this is what I always wanted, but I didn’t know how to get there'." During their time living in the UK, he would regularly make the trip across the Atlantic to do Meghan's make-up for big events, and joined her in the Netherlands in March as she filmed scenes for Harry's new Netflix documentary. Globally-renowned celebrity hairdresser Mr Northwood has also joined the list of key members in the UK, according to Ms English. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal He accompanied Meghan on Royal Family tours and was responsible for the Duchess's hairstyle at her and Harry’s private wedding reception. At the weekend, Mr Martin and Mr Northwood posted pictures together at the UK launch of a beauty range the former is associated with. Joining them was Ms Roth, one of Meghan's closest friends from her time at Northwestern University. She lives in the UK with her husband and children. The Duchess of Sussex was her maid of honour for her wedding in 2016 and was pictured alongside Meghan at Wimbledon in 2019. DON'T MISSKate branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors' [COMMENTS]Meghan should spend time with her sick father, says CAROLE MALONE [OPINION]Harry under 'smothering' Meghan's spell in US but Duke 'misses royals' [INTERVIEW] Harry and Meghan will arrive in the UK in a matter of days, with reports suggesting they are likely to bring the Duchess' mother, Doria Ragland. The family will stay at their Frogmore Cottage home in Windsor. The Queen will also reportedly spend Saturday with the family to celebrate the second birthday of Lilibet, a granddaughter she has yet to meet. The 96-year-old monarch has also not seen older brother Archie in person since he was a baby before the Sussexes moved to Canada and then later to the US. As part of the Jubilee weekend media arrangements, no film crew from Netflix has been officially accredited to film the couple, according to various insiders. Speculation had built over recent days Harry and Meghan mat bring a crew over with them from the US, although this notion has been firmly dismissed. 