Current pensioners are on track to get a state pension uplift of around £1,000 per year starting in April 2023. However, the incredible rise is down to one important factor - whether the Government sticks with its pledge to reinstate the triple lock. The Government did away with the triple lock pensions promise this year after wage growth was artificially inflated due to the furlough scheme implemented during the coronavirus pandemic. The triple lock ensures it will rise by a minimum of either 2.5 percent, the rate of inflation or average earnings growth - whichever is largest of these in the September before. Pensioners lost an £822 increase in their annual pension due to the change, which was dubbed the 'double lock' as it kept the two other factors of the original plan. The controversial policy change left over-66s around £13,000 poorer over an average retirement. READ MORE: State pensioner left astounded as energy bill rockets to £4,600 The Government has pledged to reinstate the triple lock in the next tax year, meaning pensioners could be in for a bumper payment in 2023 thanks to runaway inflation. This means that with current inflation predictions, the state pension could rise by £1,000. It means the state pension would break the £200 a week mark for the first time ever. Capital Economics has predicted inflation will hit 10 percent in September, when the statistics will be drawn for the forthcoming April. A 10 percent increase would boost the new state pension by £18.50 per week to £203.70 – an extra £967 a year. The current full state pension is £185.15 a week, and the old state pension would rise by £14.20 per week. The real terms value of such a rise is unlikely to offset much of the pressure on personal finances by rampant inflation and the ongoing risk of recession, however. A 10 percent increase in the state pension would cost the treasury around £9 billion. DON'T MISSVulnerable pensioners caught in perfect storm - EXPRESS COMMENT [OPINION]Retirement planning: Pensions versus buy-to-let - which is best? [ANALYSIS]Retirement warning as your ‘most valuable asset’ may be at risk [INSIGHT] A spokesman for the Prime Minister confirmed the Government would stick to the triple lock. However work and pensions secretary Therese Coffey has refused to rule out more changes to the triple lock next year when challenged in parliament about it this March. Sir Steve Webb, a former pensions minister said: "A catch-up is desperately needed. “If ministers broke the triple lock again the backlash would be enormous. They said it was for one year only. "People who can’t pay their bills now cannot wait until next April, they are facing a month-by-month struggle." Andrew Tully from Canada Life said: "Any increase will come too late to help those who face rapidly increasing bills this year. “That leaves many facing unwelcome choices on how to cut their spending by making changes to their shopping habits and lifestyle."