Moss is a flowerless, spore-producing plant that often causes great irritation to house-proud Britons up and down the country. It can pop up in dense green clumps just about anywhere, although tarmac is a particular favourite spot for it to fester. Moss loves damp, uneven spaces, and the tarmac material tends to provide this environment in an abundance. The rough, mottled surface of tarmac gathers and retains moisture much easier than other materials, and this high level of water retention paired with its typically uneven surface houses moss with an ideal environment to thrive. It gathers in the uneven pits and spreads, which can start to look unsightly in contrast if left untended for too long. However, it’s not just unsightly - it’s also quite dangerous. When rained on, moss can become incredibly slippery, so you’ll probably want to remove this fungus before any hazards are caused. Fortunately, moss is pretty easy to remove and you should only have to quickly dip into your kitchen cupboards to do so. Read More: House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK Here are two easy and eco-friendly ways to kill moss on your tarmac. How to kill moss with washing powder An environmentally friendly method of getting rid of moss is washing powder, believe it or not. It’s advised to use the biological type, and all you have to do is sprinkle it over the surface of moss either straight out of the box or using a spoon. DON'T MISSWhen to plant alliums: Best time to plant for ‘beautiful’ flowers [INSIGHT]How to get rid of Japanese knotweed - cheapest methods [EXPLAINED]How to ‘instantly’ increase the value of your home through gardens [ANALYSIS] Aim to do this on a day or week forecast with a high chance of rain, as the water will be the trigger to kill the moss. You’ll be able to tell if the moss is dead because the patch will be brown instead of green. Once you see this, just brush away the moss away using a hard-bristled brush. If you’d rather not wait for the rain, you can mix up a high washing powder to water ratio solution yourself. Add salt to the mixture to really dry out the plant, however, it’s advised only to do this in an area not populated with other desired plants to prevent the salt from spreading and killing them, too. How to kill moss with vinegar Vinegar is another cost-effective way to kill moss due to the acetic acid it contains. Even distilled white vinegar is an effective solution. To create the moss-killing vinegar solution, simply combine one tablespoon of distilled white vinegar with water and fill a spray bottle with the mixture. Douse the moss in the solution and keep applying it daily until the moss eventually dies. If it doesn’t seem to work effectively at first, keep adding vinegar to the mixture. Once eradicated, use the hard-bristled brush to sweep up its remains.