It is important to get any symptoms of liver cancer checked as soon as possible. The American Cancer Society says there are a number of signs which may be around eating. These include weight loss without trying, loss of appetite or feeling very full after a small meal.  Other signs include: The organisation says other symptoms can include fever, enlarged veins on the belly that can be seen through the skin, and abnormal bruising or bleeding. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer  The NHS says a lot of symptoms are very common and can be caused by many different conditions. It states: “Having them does not definitely mean you have liver cancer. But it's important to get them checked by a GP. “This is because if they're caused by cancer, finding it early makes it more treatable.” The NHS says: “You should also contact your GP if you have previously been diagnosed with a condition known to affect the liver, such as cirrhosis or a hepatitis C infection, and your health suddenly deteriorates.”  It says despite being a common type of cancer worldwide, liver cancer is relatively uncommon in the UK. It says there are just over 4,000 new cases diagnosed each year, though the number of people affected by liver cancer rises sharply with age. It adds: “Over the past few decades, rates of liver cancer in the UK have risen considerably, possibly as a result of increased levels of alcohol intake and obesity.” The Liver Foundation says: “Liver cancer is diagnosed through a physical examination and special medical tests.  “Diagnosis may include ultrasounds, CT scans, and MRI. Sometimes doctors may perform a liver biopsy, a procedure in which a small piece of liver tissue is removed and studied to confirm the diagnosis of liver cancer. “Doctors may often do genetic testing of the cancer to help determine the best type of treatment for the patient.” It adds: “Liver cancer may have genetic or hereditary causes that are outside of our control. We may, however, be able to reduce our risk for developing liver cancer by being aware of the most common causes.”  The Cleveland Clinic explains the liver is one of the most important organs in the body. It explains: “The liver is divided into sections, called lobes, and acts as a filter for blood. “It takes harmful substances out of the blood that are later passed out of the body as waste." The liver also: 