As Her Majesty nears the Platinum Jubilee milestone marking 70 years as the United Kingdom's much-beloved monarch, a royal expert has set out three important hurdles Queen Elizabeth II needs to overcome. Nick Bullen, the co-founder of True Royalty TV,  believes the Queen has been wrestling with questions over how the monarchy might survive without her experienced hands on the wheel. Mr Bullen told Royally US: "[The Queen] is not going to be with us for that much longer, she is 96. The day will come when we do sadly lose her. "The challenge I think that she can see is how the monarchy survives after her? "How does the Prince of Wales remain relevant to a worldwide audience? "How does Prince William become a King for the 21st Century? "Those are the challenges, she has almost done the job so well how do you follow that? "That is probably the biggest challenge." It comes as Prime Minister Boris Johnson and other British political leaders paid tribute to Britain's "remarkable" monarch on Thursday ahead of four days of celebrations next week to honour her 70 years on the throne. Elizabeth, 96, marked seven decades as queen in February, and nationwide events to commemorate her Platinum Jubilee, including a thanksgiving service and a music concert outside Buckingham Palace, will take place from June 2 to 5.   In parliament, Mr Johnson led the acclaim to Britain's longest-reigning monarch in a "humble address". "In our history, no monarch has ever served this country so long as this one ... but far more importantly, no monarch has ever served it so well," he said. "No monarch, by her efforts and dedication and achievement, better deserves the attribute of greatness. And for me, she is already Elizabeth the Great." He said in the 25,677 days she had been Queen, Elizabeth had carried out more than 21,000 official engagements in more than 100 countries, and given her assent to some 4,000 pieces of legislation under 14 prime ministers. DON'T MISS: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] The Queen was also the holder of at least seven world records, including the most summer Olympiads opened by one person, he added. Keir Starmer, leader of the opposition Labour Party, said it was impossible to imagine Britain without her, calling her "the most famous face on the planet". He added Elizabeth had been "the perfect monarch for the people and the times that she led". The four days of celebrations begin next Thursday with the traditional 'Trooping the Colour' military parade in central London.