Dessert cravings affect everyone, even the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton. A royal chef revealed the royal's favourite dessert - and how people at home can make it too. Darren McGrady spoke to Delish about the Duchess's favourite pudding. Former chef to the Queen, Princess Diana, Prince William and Prince Harry, Darren knows a thing or two about how to delight royal tastebuds. He said: "Although I have never actually cooked for the Duchess of Cambridge, I know that sticky toffee pudding was one of her favourites." He gave viewers a sneak peak into the "royal recipe" for this classic British dessert. READ MORE: 'Lifesaver' hack for 'perfect parmesan cheese' - huge time saver "I know Kate would love this," he remarked. The chef went on to reveal a little royal secret, that Buckingham Palace likes to swap out one famous sticky toffee pudding ingredient for another. McGrady said: "The original sticky toffee pudding recipe had apricots in. "And at Buckingham Palace we changed it to dates, and these make it much creamier and much richer in my opinion." For the pudding Six ounces Medjool dates, pitted and each cut into about eight pieces One tsp bicarb soda Half pint boiling water Two ounces butter Six ounces granulated sugar One cup Scharffen Berger chocolate chunks One egg Eight ounces all-purpose flour One tsp vanilla paste One tsp baking powder For the sauce 11 ounces dark muscovado sugar Seven ounces unsalted butter Half a cup of Scharffen Berger chocolate chunks Nine tbs heavy cream Prepare the sauce by adding all the ingredients to a heavy based pan. Mix over a high heat until everything is combined nicely. Bring to the boil and simmer for four minutes. Pour roughly one and a half cups of the sauce into a greased two pint pudding basin and allow to cool. The rest of the sauce should be saved to pour over the pudding. Mix together the dates, baking soda and boiling water in a bowl, stirring until the soda dissolves before leaving to cool. Steps one and two can be done a day ahead to save time on the day. Cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, then add the egg and vanilla. Beat the mixture. Fold in the flour and baking powder, then the date mix and chocolate chips. Spoon this mixture into the bowl on top of the cold sauce. Next, steam the pudding in a double boiler for around one and a half hours. When ready, reheat the remaining sauce. Invert the pudding by turning it upside down and generously pour the sauce over it. The sticky toffee pudding can be served with clotted cream, whipped cream or ice cream depending on your chosen preference. But how can Kate get away with eating such a decadent treat and still maintain that trim figure? Darren said: "We talk about indulgences and Kate's indulgences - how does she stay so slim? "She's got to eat healthy all week and then this is a special treat on a weekend." And the Duchess probably whips this up herself, with the royal chef calling her a "chef's dream". "It's something that Kate enjoys, just leading that normal life."