Ozark season four, part one was released on Netflix earlier this year and the second half dropped recently bringing the show to a close. However, some fans have been re-visting previous seasons and are wondering about the backstory of the Langmore family. While Ozark is all about Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) trying to save themselves and working for the cartel, the show also delves into the lives of the Langmores. The Langmores are native to the Ozarks and quickly fall out with the Byrdes, who are rich, upper-class newcomers to the area. Throughout the series, the wealth disparity between the Byrdes from Chicago and Missouri natives the Langmores is apparent. Nevertheless, the two families have become intertwined due to their various misdeeds. READ MORE: Ozark explained: What happened to Ruth Langmore's mother? Season three sees a huge gulf between Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his cousin Ruth (Julia Garner) after she confessed to murdering his father Russ (Marc Menchaca). She tearfully revealed the truth in season two, leaving Wyatt shocked and disgusted. Ruth only confessed after her father Cade Langmore (Trevor Langmore) threatened to spill the beans to Wyatt. This is the reason he was squatting in various houses at the start of the third outing and had little to do with Ruth. READ MORE: Ozark season 3 final scene explained: Was Helen's fate confirmed? The discord with Ruth also led Wyatt to become sexually involved with Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). As fans may remember, Ruth murdered Wyatt’s father Russ and her other uncle Boyd (Christopher James). She killed the pair after suspecting Russ of becoming an FBI informant. Russ was entrapped by psychotic FBI Agent Tom Petty (Jason Harner-Butler), who seduced and later blackmailed him to get information on Marty. READ MORE: Ozark explained: Why did Cade Langmore kill Roy Petty? The real reason Ruth guessed Russ was an informant due to his incompetence and realised he and Boyd were planning to kill Marty. To stop the murder plot, Ruth bumped off both Marty and Boyd by wiring up a dock and electrocuting the pair. She made their deaths look like an accident, so the authorities didn’t suspect foul play and she could continue to work for the Byrdes. Her method was the same one she tried to use on Marty earlier on in season one – but had ultimately failed. DON'T MISS...Ozark cast: Who plays Sue Shelby? Meet star behind the counsellor [INSIGHT]Ozark season 3: Does Ruth Langmore die in Ozark? What happens to Ruth? [EXPLAINER]Ozark season 2 ending explained: What happened at the end of Ozark? [EXPLAINER] This time though Ruth was successful and it was curtains for her two uncles. Wyatt spent season two consumed with grief over his father’s demise and the teen even hallucinated seeing Russ. In season three, Wyatt continued to suffer over the loss, knowing it was caused by his cousin. For much of the run, Wyatt remained distant from Ruth and barely spoke to her. Ultimately, Ruth’s actions in season one continue to have consequences in Ozark and moves her to eventually work with Darlene and Wyatt. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now