Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard has given his opinion on how Kylian Mbappe will be feeling after watching the Real Madrid side he turned down defeat Liverpool 1-0 in the Champions League final. Gerrard told BT Sport: “He is definitely thinking he is a little bit richer for sure! But from a football decision, I do think in his quiet moment tonight if he has watched that game, he will think to himself ‘I have just turned down the chance to join a club that has won 14 European Cups’, and they are going to be back because they recruit top players. “They have got the know-how, they have got the demand to win it, they are going to win more." Gerrard was surprised Mbappe didn't make the move to Madrid, adding: "They have got the pull haven't they, they have got the pull worldwide they are a giant in the game. They have got the pull where recruitment-wise, if a club like Real Madrid come along for you, 99 times out of 100 you go." Mbappe turned down the chance to join Real Madrid this summer on a free transfer, instead deciding to stay at Paris Saint-Germain and sign a new contract with the French giants.    Former Real Madrid striker Michael Owen added: "They have been quite quiet in the transfer market in recent years. Obviously, they are rebuilding their stadium, but that just goes to show that going in for Mbappe they have a few quid in their back pocket again. "They are going to win the Champions League and they have got money to spend. We could see Real Madrid, well not back to the top they are already at the top, they are going to kick on again." Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand agreed with his colleagues that Madrid will continue to compete for major trophies because of their recruitment. He said: "The recruitment, we spoke about again it's usually the galacticos that come in at this club, they have recruited really young players like Rodrigo and Vinicius who have impacted semi-finals and finals now.  "Valverde assisted in the final, Camavinga coming on and impacting all the knock-out stage games." Vinicius Jr scored the game's only goal, finishing at the back post after Valverde's cross evaded the back post. Thibaut Courtois was the man-of-the-match however, and he fired back at his critics in England by making several stunning stops to deny the likes of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane. He said after the match: "I saw a lot of tweets saying I would get humbled. It was the other way round. Today I needed to win a final - for my career, for all the hard work, to put respect on my name because I don’t think I have enough respect, especially England. I saw a lot of criticism that I was not good enough or whatever. “Thank you very much. I said at the press conference yesterday that when Madrid play in finals, they win. I’m just really happy and proud of the performance of the team, and when I needed to be there I was there for the team. We have beaten the best clubs in the world, together with us. Liverpool were very strong today. I think I played a great game and that was the difference.” 