Australian artist Brittany Dixon created an account on TikTok to promote her artwork before her fan base grew due to her uncanny resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge.  Her followers quickly encouraged the Aussie to apply for Netflix’s casting call for a college-age Kate for the next series of The Crown.  Ms Dixon posted a video showing a picture of herself next to one of the Duchess with the caption: “Okay, you all are bullying me into actually doing this.” She later posted a video saying she “did end up applying” for the role and was asked to send the casting team a selfie, a 30-second video of herself talking about something she loves and some general information. She announced in a video which was viewed by 300,000 people: “Guys I applied! I was not expecting that video to get that much attention. “So I did end up applying, they just wanted a selfie, some general information, and a 30 second video of me talking about something I love.”  She added: “Obviously I talked about painting, so we’ll see how it goes and if they even see it. “Anyway, thanks guys for being so nice, back to painting.” If Ms Dixon is awarded the minor role her artistic hobby will come in handy as the Duchess studied art history at the University of St. Andrews where she met her future husband. READ MORE:Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths The role of Kate in the series will depict her romance with Prince William and their developing relationship in Scotland. Netflix put out a casting call last month looking for young actors aged between 16 and 21 to play Prince William and Prince Harry from ages 16-20 for filming to begin in August. Laura Warshauer, who was a student at St Andrews and lived in the same dorm as William and Kate, spoke to PEOPLE about the couple’s behaviour at university. DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer POLL: Should Durham Police reopen lockdown beers probe? (POLL)Russia's 'only oil pipeline to EU' in flames - 3 countries face crisis (INSIGHT)When to cut back tulips - key date to secure fresh blooms next year (REVEAL)  She said the couple “definitely had chemistry” and that “whenever Kate was in the room, Will was obviously paying attention to her”. She added: “When we’d be sitting at lunch in the dining hall and the two of them would be talking, it was amazing to see how natural it was, how they had so much to say to each other. “Looking back, there were all these small moments – certainly moments where I was like, ‘Wow, this could really be something.’” 