Emmanuel Macron will make the visit to Berlin early next week in what will be his most senior international engagement since securing a second term in office last month. The 44-year-old successfully defeated Marine Le Pen in a second-round runoff vote, winning with nearly 60 percent of the electorate. The Elysée Palace announced Mr Macron will meet his German counterpart, Olaf Scholz, on Monday. As has become tradition, newly elected leaders from both France and Germany pay their first overseas visit to one another. Last December, a freshly sworn-in Mr Scholz visited Paris two days after his inauguration in Germany. When the two leaders meet, they are expected to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine, as well as European sovereignty.  READ MORE: Priti Patel's migration plan set for remarkable results says new study A statement from the palace, on Thursday, added the discussion will focus “in particular on defence and energy issues”. Members of the European Union (EU) are weighing up proposals to hit Russia with a sixth raft of sanctions. The bloc has already sanctioned a number of individuals deemed close to the Kremlin, ordered a no-fly zone over EU airspace and made a commitment to become energy independent from Russia "well before 2030". To date, it currently gets a quarter of its oil and 40 percent of its gas from Moscow.  Other topics which will be discussed include international issues in the context of the German presidency of the G7, which is due to meet in June. Meanwhile, the situation in the Sahel, the Western Balkans, EU-China relations and bilateral issues will also be on the agenda. As staunch supporters of the EU, the two leaders are likely to discuss how they can further progress the bloc and strengthen its ties with the wider world. DON'T MISS: Lib Dems tease Boris after snatching Tory seats in Eastleigh [NEWS]Boris issues stark local election warning after Brits cast verdict [ANALYSIS]Navy chief says Russia face cost if Putin threatens other countries [INSIGHT]  The news will come as a blow to Prime Minister Boris Johnson who is now primed to negotiate with a much stronger EU given Mr Macron’s continued presence in Brussels. Mr Macron and Mr Johnson are said to have not spoken to each other since the former won re-election and have previously clashed over a number of issues relating to Brexit. Of these, the duo has disagreed on the number of fishing licences handed out by the UK to French fishermen and arrangements over a new trade deal for Northern Ireland. But despite the apparent difficulties, officials from both countries have insisted that no falling out has occurred between the two leaders.  Mr Macron’s election heroics in April led to him becoming the first French President in 20 years to be re-elected. His showdown with long-term rival Ms Le Pen offered up a rematch of the same contest from 2017 when he ran for election without the support of a major party and won. In turn, he also became the youngest person to ever become President of France and has since been viewed by the public to have a centre-right political leaning. 