Senior civil servant Sue Gray published her report on pandemic rule-breaking earlier this week. Her 37-page investigation revealed new details of Downing Street parties held during lockdowns and named senior individuals, including nine images of Prime Minister Boris Johnson at various gatherings which further criticised the culture in No 10. Ms Gray said: “The senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility for this culture.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson apologised for his and the Government's behaviour to MPs and also led a Downing Street press conference on Wednesday, May 25. He also addressed the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs who will decide if the report’s findings are sufficient to warrant ousting him. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they thought the Sue Gray report mattered. In a poll that ran from 11am on Wednesday, May 25, to midday on Friday, May 27, Express.co.uk asked: “Does the Sue Gray report matter?” A total of 5,160 people cast their votes with the vast majority, 72 percent (3,674 people), answering “no”, the Sue Gray report does not matter. A further 28 percent (1,462 people) said “yes”, it does matter while just 24 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on the Sue Gray report in a lively debate. One reader, username DADDY-LCWRA said: “Boris should shred the report and get on with governing this country.” Username DoggyDay said: “Couldn't give a fig as both sides broke the rules during the pandemic as did thousands of members of the public.” And username Freeme wrote: “No, as it’s been chewed over and over and over.” Many thought that people needed to move on from the report, like username stevobrexitfanwholovesourqueen, who said: “It's old hat now and boring, time to move on and desist from constant distraction, leave the guy alone to run the country.” Username london town. Said: “No what happened two years ago is in the past, move on and deal with more important things.” Another, username UK2, said: “No it does not matter, it was two years ago.” While username SanjayP said: “The Sue Gray report looks at events that happened two years ago. Time has moved on. More serious issues now need addressing.” Others agreed that the Government needed to focus on daily issues facing Britain. DON'T MISSBoris rattled as frontbencher RESIGNS over Partygate - ‘Tarnished by toxic culture’ [LATEST]Boris Johnson plotters exposed: Tories looking to launch COUP against the Prime Minister [UPDATE]Are the Tories more or less likely to win the next election with Boris? [HAVE YOUR SAY] Username Shotorod said: “Sick of hearing about the Sue Gray report. We should get on with sorting out rising costs, rail unions, Northern Ireland and immigration. Everything that affects us all daily.” Norfolkbump wrote: “I am rather fed-up hearing about this. There are more important issues to be addressed at the moment.” And username Philipnb said: “A waste of time, we’ve more important things to worry about.” However, some thought that the report carried significant weight. Username Jacko060 wrote: “Of course the Sue Gray report matters. It's about law-breaking at the heart of government! How could it NOT matter?”