Growing on a windowsill is an easy way to get crops all year round, especially herbs. It can also be less stressful for gardeners who are worried about their crops being ruined by slugs, snails and other garden pests. One expert has shared how to get a better crop when growing on a windowsill. Sowing indoors is ideal for seeds that need warmth to germinate and grow. This includes tender and half-hardy flowers and vegetables, allowing them to receive the protection they need. QVC’s Gardening Expert Richard Jackson, told Express.co.uk: “If your seedlings are getting bent and leggy, they’re probably not getting enough light. “Make a reflector by fixing some kitchen foil to a sheet of cardboard.” READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ Light is one of the most important factors for growing plants. All plants require light for photosynthesis, the process within a plant that converts light into energy. The expert added: “Place this behind the seedlings on the windowsill. “Make sure it reflects the light back onto the seedlings and they’ll grow much sturdier.” DON'T MISS:Gardening jobs: ‘Prevent weed growth’ and sow summer-flowering bulbs [COMMENT]Peace lily: How to care for ‘difficult’ houseplant [INSIGHT]House price growth has slowed ‘modestly’ but remains in double digits [EXPLAINER] According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), there are a number of seeds that gardeners can sow indoors. This includes tomatoes, chillies, sweet peas, basil, sunflowers and cosmos. They said: “You can sow into small pots, seed trays or modular trays, as well as recycled containers such as fruit punnets, juice cartons or yoghurt pots with holes cut in the base, as well as pots made from strips of newspaper or toilet roll middles. “If you choose to reuse seed trays or pots from last year, make sure they are thoroughly cleaned out.” Once seedlings have at least two pairs of leaves, it is recommended to move them into individual pots or modules. This ensures they don’t get overcrowded and gives them space to continue growing. Overcrowded seedlings are very prone to fungal diseases. When they are ready, they can be planted into the garden while they continue to grow. When it comes to looking after the garden, it can be frustrating when animals ruin and eat crops. Jackson also shared a hack to keep cats off seedlings and young plants. He said: “Spray old tea bags with deep heat muscle treatment and place them in the problem of the garden. “If needed, cover with a sprinkling of soil to disguise the bags. “Or you can dab some tea bags with peppermint or eucalyptus oil. “These smelly oils should last at least two weeks, even if it rains.”