The Eurovision Song Contest is back on the BBC with 18 countries battling for a place in the grand final. Circus Mircus will be representing Georgia with their track Lock Me In. Paul Jordan, also known as Dr Eurovision, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about their chances of winning. This year's Eurovision has already thrown up plenty of surprises from the likes of Norway's Subwoolfer and Moldova's Trenulețul. More weird and wonderful acts will be upping the ante with the entertainment factor tonight in the second semi-final. One of these acts is Circus Mircus, a Georgian rock band known for their experimental music. The official Eurovision website brands the group as "circus academy dropouts". In a note passed to Eurovision organisers, the band said: "We weren’t good enough, probably the worst in the crew, that’s why we became friends." READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? Eurovision expert Paul Jordan said despite having only been together since 2020, they have a strong chance of landing at the top. He said: "It's nearly last in the betting odds and yet it sounds like something you might hear on UK radio. "It might even be worth placing an each-way bet, at 425/1 you could make a lot of money." Georgia has never fared that well in the contest over the years, which explains why they have been placed so low in the odds. Paul continued: "They've only come in the top ten twice and not qualified since 2016. "That said, they always enter something rather left-field and are quite daring. "In a parallel universe, Georgia are the champions at Junior Eurovision. "Georgia has won three times and hosted the event in 2017. "I've been a couple of times, amazing country, an undiscovered gem." Circus Mircus is made up of Damocles Stavriadis, Igor Von Lichtenstein, Bavonc Gevorkyan, and Iago Waitman. However, it is understood these names are just pseudonyms for the real members. DON'T MISS... Eurovision favouritism row: How Poland's Ochman can sing being from US [INSIGHT] Serbia Eurovision song lyrics: What is said about Meghan Markle? [EXPLAINER] Why can Australia compete in Eurovision 2022? [INSIGHT] The band shared a video on YouTube following the news they would be representing their country in Eurovision this year. The unusual video features one of the band members explaining what Circus Mircus is. He says: "It is a movement that brings together dozens of professionals from different fields to create an unprecedented audio-visual experience. "The cornerstone of their philosophy lies in the complete neglect of musical frameworks." A rehearsal video from Turin, Italy has been shared online and it shows the band sporting flower beards, Steampunk glasses and eyepatches. As for who else has a chance of placing highly, Paul said another country to watch was Sweden. He said: "They have won six times, they are usually popular with the fans and this year's song is particularly striking. "Swedish TV executives have also made no secret of the fact they want to catch Ireland who has won seven times in total. "Ukraine is [also] a big favourite [to win]. I put a bet on them before the war started and got 12/1. "I put money on them because Ukraine always stage their songs well and understand what captivates Eurovision audiences."  The Eurovision Song Contest returns to BBC Three tonight at 8pm.