After seeing his popularity ratings knocked up slightly in the early moments of the Russo-Ukraine war, the Prime Minister’s has dropped significantly in the estimation of his own voters. A ConservativeHome survey of party members puts Mr Johnson at the bottom of the “Cabinet League Table”, his net satisfaction rating this month at a whopping minus 15 points. He has been out of the negative figures in this poll for two months. But ConservativeHome Editor Paul Goodman stressed the downfall was not simply a result of "Partygate", despite this having received extensive media coverage in recent months. The “driver” of dissatisfaction with Mr Johnson’s premiership is the view that his Government is “too left wing”, he wrote. Separate polling by YouGov also suggests the Prime Minister’s unfavorability rating rose by a much greater margin between April and October 2020 (27 points) and between November 2021 and January 2022, during the ‘Partygate’ row (12 points). Bow Group Chairman Ben Harris-Quinney echoed Mr Goodman’s sentiment that voters were turning on Mr Johnson because he is too left wing. He told Express.co.uk: “It is quite simply not a conservative Government and not a Brexit Government. “That's why the people that voted it into power are calling final time on a Conservative Party that refuses to learn the lesson – that when people vote Conservative, they expect conservatism.” Mr Harris-Quinney noted a particular frustration over the Government’s management of immigration. READ MORE: Rejected Russian student university row raises 'more questions' A December 2021 poll suggested that an incredible 73 percent of voters said Mr Johnson and his ministers had done a “bad job” in this area. The Bow Group Chairman said this should come as no surprise, noting: “On every major area of policy this Government is operating far to the left of Blair. Last year over a million immigrants came to the UK to live, which is a greater number than came under Labour, or under any government in history. “The biggest driver behind Brexit was immigration, and the feeling was that post-Brexit the Government would dramatically reduce immigration, rather than dramatically increase it.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] After the latest ConservativeHome poll was shared online, some were sceptical of how the voters were sourced. Former Tory London Deputy Mayor Roger Evans wrote in a post on Twitter: “ConservativeHome readership tens to be a bit Ukippy, so the poll is wider than just Conservative members.” The website’s Chief Executive, Mark Wallace, was quick to highlight that the survey included Tory members only, and not the wider readership. He also noted that “the panel was very very pro the Prime Minister previously”. At the top of the list now is Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, who is understood to be experiencing a boost in his popularity due to his position on the ongoing war in Ukraine. Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who was himself in the minus region (minus 5.2 points) in April has seen his popularity rise over the past month (to positive 11.7 points), prompting suggests he might be lining up again for the top position.