With the Russian invasion of Ukraine mustering very little support from the international community, North Korea has wholeheartedly backed Moscow in its military plans. Pyongyang’s loyalty to the Kremlin could therefore result in a far stronger bond between Kim and Putin, hence raising the alarm over future bi-lateral relations between the two states.  With North Korea already a pariah state, under some of the toughest global sanctions possible, ties with Russia could come as a lifeline. According to Donald Kirk, a veteran correspondent specialising in South East Asia, the time has come for the Russian leader to repay his North Korean counterpart for his support. He said: “Now it’s time for Putin to repay Kim for his rhetorical loyalty with the aid he badly needs. “Putin could begin by providing North Korea with heavy weapons and spare parts. “A top priority for North Korea is to repair and/or replace all those MiGs and other fighters, bombers and transport aircraft bequeathed Kim’s grandfather, dynasty founder Kim Il Sung, by the Soviet regime after the North Koreans invaded South Korea in June 1950.”  Aside from military equipment, there may also be humanitarian support for North Korea, which in recent times has suffered immensely as food shortages cause poverty and famine. Mr Kirk said: “In gratitude for Kim’s support, he may be expected to ship food and other goods into North Korea for nearly nothing, and he should leap at the opportunity to strengthen the 1.2 million-man Korean People’s Army, which includes all ground, air and naval elements.” However, the starkest warning came in the form of a more sinister common denominator shared by Moscow and Pyongyang. Mr Kirk said: “Putin’s affinity for Kim, and vice versa, is affirmed by their mutual belief in threatening to nuke their enemies. “While Putin has boasted of the power of his ‘nuclear forces’, Kim said much the same in an April 25 speech in Kim Il Sung Square celebrating the 90th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People’s Army.”  READ MORE:North Korea ramps up war fears with US as Kim launches 'tactical' m... Mr Kirk added: “Most frighteningly, Kim said he views nuclear power to be used as not merely ‘a deterrent’ but ‘when a situation we are not desirous of at all is created on this land.’ “Nuclear force might be needed ‘to decisively accomplish an unexpected second mission’ he said, meaning if ‘fundamental interests’ were violated. In other words, any pretext should do.” Speaking of how Russia can advance North Korea’s nuclear delivery capabilities, writing in The Hill for his exclusive opinion piece, Mr Kirk ended: “The North Koreans are not believed yet to have figured how to fix a warhead onto the tip of their own ICBMs. “Putin should be able to resolve that issue. “Russian scientists, physicists and engineers may be expected to advise the North Koreans on technology that will deepen the confrontation on the Korean peninsula and bring the world ever closer to a devastating war in which millions might die. “ DON'T MISS:US 'Doomsday' plane preparing for action [REPORT]German airspace horror - 'Eurofighters' scrambled [REVEAL]Boris rumbled: ‘Nonsense' UK crime figures shames PM [INSIGHT]  According to reports, North Korea may have up to sixty nuclear warheads within their lethal arsenal. Recent rhetoric emanating from Pyongyang has warned the isolated country would not hesitate to use such devices should its sovereignty be under threat. Kim Jong Un’s sister, and senior official Kim Yo-Jong last month warned of a nuclear response if provoked.  She stressed whilst North Korea did not want another war on the Korean peninsula, it would retaliate with its nuclear forces if the South opts for pre-emptive strikes or other attacks, which would leave the South’s military “little short of total destruction and ruin”. She said: “In case South Korea opts for a military confrontation with us, our nuclear combat force will have to inevitably carry out its duty … a dreadful attack will be launched and the South Korean army will have to face a miserable fate little short of total destruction and ruin.” 