As Bargain Hunt returns on Monday afternoon, the official Twitter account for the show shared a sneak-peek, which featured Charles Hanson falling as he ran across a field to reunite with the red team. The expert could be seen in a hurry as he tried to reach the team before their auction got underway. Unfortunately, the weather hadn’t been so great so Charles slipped up just as he reached the guests. The Bargain Hunt account tweeted: “Eek! Careful @HansonsAuctions! “The grass at Cheshire showground seems a tad slippery there, but the reds still need to finish their shop! Up you get! “Tune in to @BBCOne & @BBCiPlayer TOMORROW to catch this brand new serving of #BBCBargainHunt – on air @ 12:15pm!” In the 15-second clip, the red team could be seen looking worried as Charles was nowhere to be seen. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked However, the camera quickly panned around to show the expert sprinting across the field. “Back to the reds where time is also running out,” the voiceover remarked. As Charles rushed around the side of a parked van, the red team encouraged: “Come on! Run!” But just as he caught up to the red team, Charles slipped on the grass and fell head first to the ground. “Ah!” he exclaimed, as someone asked: “Are you okay?” The expert clarified: “I’m okay,” before rolling over and sitting up with an exasperated look. “Careful Charles,” the voiceover remarked before the short clip came to an end. Bargain Hunt fans were quick to comment on the clip posted on Twitter with Maria Wharton writing: “He never disappoints good ol Charlie.” DON'T MISS...Philip Serrell children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip's Roo Irvine recalls father’s sudden death [INTERVIEW]Why does Bargain Hunt expert Ochuko Ojiri wear a hat? [EXPLAINER] “I hope Charles didn’t hurt himself,” Joanna Sterling replied. Mark McGrath joked: “At least he wasn't wearing his white trousers this time!” Michael Slade also teased: “I saw that tackle from the dealer in the van Charles disgraceful send him off ref.” The moment comes from the Bank Holiday Monday episode which sees the team decamp to Cheshire for the day. The official synopsis for the episode reads: “Eric Knowles is in Cheshire with experts Charles Hanson and Caroline Hawley as the teams go shopping for antiques to sell at auction in Stockport. “Eric takes a trip to Cuckooland Museum to find out about a huge collection of over 700 cuckoo clocks.” Fans will have to tune into the episode to see if Charles recovers from his fall and if he was able to help the red team to victory. Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm.