Hotel receptionists often have the power to upgrade your room for free, something they can do at their discretion if a better room is available. There are things you can say at reception to increase your chances of getting a suite or a bigger room. Money saving expert Ellie Austin-Williams, the brain behind This Girl Talks Money, gave her travel advice. "Please may I have a room on a higher floor?" Ellie said: "Request a higher floor at the hotel. "The suites and more premium rooms are usually located on the higher floors of a hotel, so request a room in the sky. "Even if you don’t quite make it into the presidential suite, you’ll be further away from the street noise." "Please may I have a corner room?" "Ask for a corner room at the hotel," Ellie advised. She said: "Always snap up a corner room if one is available. Due to the structural layout of a building, these rooms generally have the highest square footage and windows, while also offering the lowest noise level." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free 'The crew won't realise' Another interesting tip is to take your pet with you to bag a bigger room. Ellie said: "Travel with man’s best friend. Sometimes pet-friendly hotels allocate the biggest rooms to those travelling with pets because let’s face it, their comfort is more important than yours." The downside of this, of course, is you will have to share your room with your pet. This might prove more hassle than it's worth. DON'T MISSVery irritating' things tourists should stop doing on planes [EXPERT] Airline worker shares the ultimate suitcase to take on a trip [TRAVEL TIPS] Flight attendant shares ‘best’ hack to sneak extra luggage on a plane [INSIDER] What other top tips can Ellie offer for freebies, deals or upgrades? She told readers: "Sunday nights are usually the cheapest night to stay in a city hotel according to Hotels.com. "Most travellers have left the city and it’s pre-Monday morning business rush, so hotel rooms can often be discounted. "December and January are cheaper travel months – what better way to get over the January blues than with a holiday or short break? "The first two weeks of January are usually the quietest travel weeks and the perfect time to grab a bargain." Sign up for the hotel's loyalty plan Hotels love to reward their members. If you like to stay at one or two chains of hotel often, signing up as a member is likely to pay off. Check in later in the day Later in the day staff will have a better idea of what is available. They are unlikely to upgrade you in the morning when a paying customer for the bigger room may come along. On the other hand, check in too late and these upgrades may have already been given out. Let them know is a special occasion If you are celebrating, let hotel staff know. You may atleast get a free bottle of champagne. Stay at a new hotel New hotels are likely to have fewer guests, and so are more likely to have a space free. They will be keen to show off their top facilities. They are also likely to be after good reviews - which upgrades often beget. Be nice! No matter what you say, if you are not polite to the staff they are not likely to reward you. It should go without saying, but always be kind and pleasant to staff at your chosen hotel.