Earlier this week, the average price of petrol hit a new all-time high by reaching 167.64p a litre, just days after diesel climbed to its third record high in four days at 180.88p. The RAC said that drivers were experiencing “never-before-seen pain at the pumps” as the cost of living crisis rages on. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesperson, added: “The significance of this landmark is made all the greater by the fact the previous petrol record price – 167.30p – was set the day before the Spring Statement when Mr Sunak slashed duty to 52.95p a litre. “While the average price of both petrol and diesel would have been far higher without the historic duty cut, it’s also unfortunately the case that drivers haven’t seen the full benefit at the pumps due to major retailers upping their margins.” Some drivers have been using hypermiling tips to save money by altering their driving habits in a bid to save fuel and money. Motorists have been urged to take some fuel saving techniques into mind, especially with the uncertainty over petrol and diesel prices. READ MORE: Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' James Baker at Reg Car Check explained how clearing out the car can boost fuel efficiency and reduce spending on petrol. He said: “Many of us are used to using our car boot as an additional storage space. “However, it pays to spring clean your car as removing heavy items leads to the vehicle becoming fuel efficient.” DON'T MISSElectric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [WARNING]Thousands of motorists giving up driving [SHOCKING]Petrol and diesel prices at shocking UK all-time record high [DISASTER] Driving with an empty roof rack and unnecessary heavy items in the car’s storage spaces can increase fuel costs by 12 percent. As a result, the average household will spend £60.96 - or £7.62 a month - on fuel by December. Roof boxes are often seen as the “worst culprit” for fuel costs as the added weight and air resistance will see fuel bills increase. The higher the speed and the smaller, more aerodynamic the vehicle, the greater the effect. James Baker also revealed how big of an impact under inflated tyres can have on the efficiency of the car. He found that under inflated tyres causes a vehicle to use up to 10 percent more fuel. The average petrol tank in a car is 42 litres, with the average household using one full tank a month. If a household opts to drive with underinflated tires, they may spend an additional £7.50 a month on fuel. Inflating car tyres can save up to £60 by December 22. Because of this, drivers are urged to check their tyre pressure regularly to ensure the rolling resistance is not lost, and fuel is not wasted. If a set of tyres are even slightly distorted due to incorrect tyre pressure, drivers will be using more fuel to keep their car running smoothly.