So far, although supportive of Vladimir Putin, President Aleksandr Lukashenko has been hesitant to commit Belarus's troops to the invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. Lukashenko said in early March that Belarus would not be militarily involved in the war at any point.  However, Belarus was used as a position from which Russian forces launched their initial push on the Ukrainian cities of Chernihiv and Kyiv. In a military update from the UK Ministry of Defence, intelligence reports show the country has now deployed "special operations forces along the Ukraine border, as well as air defence, artillery, and missile units to training ranges in the west of the country". The update suggested the troops will be stationed there to "fix" Ukrainian forces, meaning they "cannot deploy in support of operations in the Donbas". The Ministry of Defence predicted the move is one taken by Lukashenko to stave off pressure on all sides.  The ministry argued: "Belarusian President Lukashenko is likely balancing support for Russia's invasion with a desire to avoid direct military participation with the risk of Western sanctions". They added he was also likely considering possible dissent within Belarus's own military ranks, and the threat of retaliation from Ukraine. This comes just after Belarusian Prime Minister, Roman Golovchenko, said that Western sanctions slapped on the country over the invasion of Ukraine have blocked between $16 and $18 billion worth of Belarusian annual exports to Western countries. Belarus was already subject to sanctions after widely-disputed elections and mass protests in 2020, when Lukashenko held on to his power with a helping hand from Putin. READ MORE: Putin mouthpiece justifies invasion of Warsaw in chilling threat  Mr Golovchenko, cited in an interview transcript published by the state-owned Belta news agency, said: "Because of the sanctions, almost all of Belarus's exports to the countries of the European Union and North America have been blocked." He then added the costs came to "about $16 billion to $18 billion a year." Minsk has protested what it sees as NATO's increased influence around its borders, increasing its military activity as a result. Lithuania, Latvia and Poland, in close proximity to Belarus, are all NATO members. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Putin threatens nuclear weapons [LIVE] Russian officials 'confused' over Putin's referendum plan in Ukraine [ANALYSIS] Putin humiliated as Ukraine obliterates Russian tank [REPORT]  Chief of General Staff Viktor Gulevich said last week: "The United States and its allies continue to build up their military presence on the state borders of the Republic of Belarus." He continued: "The established grouping has more than doubled in the past six months in quantity and quality." He then warned Minsk would be deploying artillery, air defence and missile units in the west of the country to carry out military drills. The Belarusian leadership said: "We are realists, we understand that we will not be able to defeat NATO. But we can cause damage, especially to those territories from which we will be attacked."  Lukashenko has also admitted that the Russian invasion of Ukraine has not gone according to Vladimir Putin's plan. He told the Associated Press that the war had "dragged on", but Ukraine had been "provoking Russia". 