The radio presenter branded Ms Cundy and others questioning Meghan Markle as "despicable" for the negative light used to describe the Duchess of Sussex. The TV personality claimed to have been getting on "really well" with Meghan only to be "ghosted" and ignored after she met Prince Harry. But Mr Whale hit out at Ms Cundy for "trying to make a career" out of her brief friendship with the Duchess of Sussex. Ms Cundy told the TalkTV host: "We got on famously well, really well. "I thought she was great fun, a real girls' girl, taking selfies and she wanted to find a boyfriend that was from...she loved England, wanted to be in the UK, wanted to be in Made in Chelsea. And I helped, I introduced her to a few guys you know...Ashley Cole." Mr Whale intervened: "Why, hang on, why introduce a nice lady like that to a flipping footballer?" The socialite claimed: "She quite fancied him. He said no. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "Anyway, we got on well, and look, I'm not a bitter, twisted friend, James – I know that's the angle you're coming from. "I'm not at all, I tried to help her and then we got blanked. Piers Morgan and myself, ghosted is the word." Fellow TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan is well-known for his criticism of the Duchess of Sussex, whom he claimed began to ignore him a few years after striking up a friendship on social media. But Mr Whale took issue with Ms Cundy's claims of being "ghosted" by the Duchess, and hit out at general criticism aimed at Meghan Markle. READ MORE: Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee He said: "What's the problem? Somebody ghosted you. People ghost me every day and I don't care. "You don't like me? I don't care, it's not a problem. "You're trying to make a career, you and Piers, trying to make a career out of the fact this poor lady married to a really good guy, is horrible and terrible. "Even heard people in the media saying, 'their marriage is going to fail, it's not going to last very long, they're terrible.' You know, I think you're despicable, people like you." DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince William erupted at photographer during outing with children [REPORT] Prince William target of Prince Harry's controversial protection swipe [REVEAL] Both Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have come under heavy criticism since announcing plans to step down from their royal roles in 2020. Piers Morgan has been among the most vocal critics of the couple, questioning their commitment to the environment and to the Crown. The couple have maintained their royal titles, a gift from the Queen upon their marriage in 2018, but have been stripped of their right to use the HRH style in an official capacity. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have set out to become financially independent from the Royal Family, striking a series of production deals with Netflix and Spotify over the past two years. The Duchess of Sussex is expected to launch her first podcast sometimes this summer but was delivered a blow after Netflix announced her animated series Pearl had been cancelled in the production stage.