Silent Witness fans were left stunned during Tuesday night's episode after Dr Nikki Alexander's (played by Emilia Fox) ex-husband Tom Faulkner (Matthew Gravelle) made a surprise appearance in the BBC series. However, Nikki isn't the only one to have links with Tom, as it turned out that Sam Ryder (Amanda Burton) has clashed with him in the past. At the beginning of the episode, Jack grew suspicious of his love interest as he realised she was hiding something from him. Not only did Nikki conceal Tom's DNA evidence following two high-profile murders, but she also failed to mention her connection to him. It was only when Jack questioned her about it, that she came clean and said Tom was her ex-husband. Later on, Jack found Nikki in a phonebox trying to ring Tom's burner phone. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate Jack was clearly hurt as Nikki had clearly lied to him yet again, which is when she was forced to tell him about the concealed DNA evidence. She explained Tom's blood was found under the fingernails of one of the victims, despite her ex protesting he had nothing to do with it. However, during one scene, Nikki was inspecting one of the murder victims, which is when viewers spotted the slip-up. Many fans seem to think that the corpse's eye moved or blinked while he was lying on the autopsy table. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, Robin Childs penned: "#SilentWitness corpse blinks during the autopsy - surely worth a retake??" User @cloudymamma wrote: "#silentwitness the corpse’s eye just moved." While Ed Thomson added: "#SilentWitness Just saw a dead man’s eye moving after autopsy." "Eyes moving on corpses in #SilentWitness tut tut," David Bell commented. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [VIDEO]Silent Witness sparks frenzy as fans spot Vera star  [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn hits back at criticism of Vera’s appearance [NSIGHT] Simona McKenzie said: "#SilentWitness Oh come on." Later on in the episode, Nikki realised Tom had nothing to do with the murder after they went back to inspect the scene. "We have to try and figure this out right now," Nikki said to Tom. "I will not drag Jack even deeper into this s**t and I will not compromise him." However, as they were inspecting the scene, Jack turned up and pleaded with Nikki to leave with him. Although, before Nikki got the chance to go, she found a vital piece of evidence that would clear Tom's name. It was only then revealed that Tom was being set up and he was the next target to be killed. The episode ended on another cliffhanger when Nikki questioned Sam about DNA fabrication after the pathologist discovered blood samples in the killer's hotel room. However, before she knew it, Sam pocketed one of the samples without Nikki's knowledge. Silent Witness returns on Monday at 9pm on BBC One.