Hall of Fame promoter Frank Warren believes Daniel Dubois could get a shot at either Oleksandr Usyk or Anthony Joshua should he beat Trevor Bryan in their WBA 'regular' title fight on June 11. Joshua and Usyk will do battle once again for the WBA 'super' version of the belt when they collide in Saudi Arabia on July 23, while the IBF and WBO world titles will also be on the line. And Warren believes the WBA could order the winner of Joshua and Usyk's blockbuster clash to face Dubious in a mandatory fight if the Brit defeats Bryan next month. Speaking to iFL TV ahead of Dubois’ next fight, Warren said: "The winner of that fight, which I hope is going to be Daniel, is the mandatory challenger for the title (WBA ‘super’). "So that's the position he gets in, and when this all gets ironed out and when they announce the rematch of Usyk and Joshua, whoever wins that is going to have to defend that title. "He's going to be called upon for his mandatory defence and sitting there will be the winner of that fight, which I hope will be Daniel. That's what it's been all about." MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua threatens to break terrified students' 'glass jaws' Joshua warned Usyk will fight for 'whole democratic world' in rematch Floyd Mayweather steals ring girl's card on way to Don Moore victory Dubois suffered his first professional defeat to Joe Joyce back in November 2020 when he was counted out in the tenth. During the contest, he sustained a broken left orbital bone and nerve damage around the eye but was back in the ring seven months with back-to-back finishes of Bogdan Dinu and Joe Cusumano. Now, Dubois prepares for his first main event across the pond against the undefeated WBA ‘regular’ champion, Bryan, who captured the vacant title in January 2021 with a win over Bermane Stiverne. In an interview with Queensbury Promotions, Dubois insisted that he intends to ‘devastate’ his foe. He said: “I’m maturing, I’m getting older, and with age, it brings maturity and experience, so I’ve just got to learn from my mistakes. I’ve got all the experience needed to succeed now, so it’s up to me to apply it, be myself, and go out there and devastate him. I can’t wait to get out there and put on a show, I’m not at all phased by being the away fighter, I’m going to take this chance, this opportunity with both hands.” Should Dubois beat Bryan, he may be ordered to defend his belt against a mandatory challenger before turning his attention to either Usyk or Joshua. The hard-hitting Londoner will likely be ordered to fight the winner of Michael Hunter and Hughie Fury, who are facing each other on July 2 at the AO Arena in Manchester in a WBA ‘regular’ title final eliminator. The pair are currently ranked at No 2 and No 4 by the sanctioning body, with Dubois at No 1.