Videos circulating on social media on Thursday show a big blaze and black plumes of smoke engulfing a building in the western city of Kursk, just 69 miles from the border with Ukraine. The scale of the fire, confirmed by Russia's Ministry of Emergency Situations, was 400 square metres by 2pm local time. National media first reported the building in flames was residential, but the ministry said the reports were false and that the premises were non-residential. According to Kursk-based news outlets, emergency services were called to the scene after the incident was reported at 1.15pm local time. Some 20 firefighters and four vehicles were working to extinguish the blaze, which could be seen from most parts of the city. Ukraine LIVE: Putin accused of using 'really nasty' BANNED thermobaric bombs Ukrainian news outlet TSN said an area of dry grass also caught fire near the unknown premises. Kursk residents did not report hearing the sound of explosions, and the cause of the blaze is not known yet. It isn't clear whether there were any casualties. The incident follows large fires on April 25 at two oil depots in the Russian city of Bryansk, less than 100 miles from the border with Ukraine, with footage posted on Russian social media showing columns of smoke rising from the facilities. Russian state media said the first fire occurred at a civilian facility in Bryansk holding 10,000 tons of fuel, while the second happened at a military fuel depot holding 5,000 tons. Both were described as a potential act of sabotage by Kyiv. Days later, on April 27, Moscow reported a series of blasts in the south of the country and a fire at an ammunition depot, which a top Ukrainian official called "karma" for its attacks. DON'T MISSKremlin 'targets NATO supply line' in escalation of war [INSIGHT]Where would Russia nuke the UK? Key targets [ANALYSIS]Russian generals look to oust Putin over tensions within Kremlin [REPORT] Without explicitly taking the blame, Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: "If you (Russians) decide to massively attack another country, massively kill everyone there, massively crush peaceful people with tanks, and use warehouses in your regions to enable the killings, then sooner or later the debts will have to be repaid." Mr Podolyak warned the Kremlin it was not possible to "sit out" its invasion, adding: "And therefore, the disarmament of the Belgorod and Voronezh killers' warehouses is an absolutely natural process. "Karma is a cruel thing." Earlier in April, Russia accused Ukraine of attacking a fuel depot in Belgorod with helicopters, which a top Kyiv security official denied, and opening fire on several villages in the province. The incidents, though their origins are unconfirmed, hint at Russian vulnerabilities in areas close to its invaded neighbour that are crucial to its military logistics chains.