Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced plans to table the Northern Ireland protocol in an effort to remove parts of the agreement that place the Good Friday agreement “under strain”. In her statement to parliament, Ms Truss said the planned legislation would ease the movement of goods, apply Britain's tax regime in Northern Ireland, and give more power to London in deciding laws governing the province. Ms Truss said: “The Northern Ireland protocol does not have the support necessary in one part of the community in Northern Ireland." Referring to issues the protocol bears impact on, such as the need for veterinary checks and tax cuts, Ms Truss said: “These practical problems have contributed to the sense that the east-west relationship has been undermined,” before adding “we need to restore the balance in the agreement”. Ms Truss proposed legislation to create a “green channel” for goods being transported from Britain to Northern Ireland, with mandatory checks stopping for these exports. The goods transported on to the Republic of Ireland would, however, still face checks via a “red channel”. READ MORE: Truss’ Protocol plan to ‘drive downward EU relations' Labour MP warns   Stephen Doughty, a foreign policy spokesperson for the Labour Party, agreed there were problems with the bill but said Britain needed "calm heads and responsible leadership". Mr Doughty said: "It is deeply troubling for the foreign secretary to be proposing a bill to apparently break the treaty that the Government itself signed just two years ago, that will not resolve issues in Northern Ireland in the long term, and rather it will undermine trust." The outcome of the recent Northern Ireland Assembly elections posed increasing pressure on Mr Johnson to make adjustments to the protocol, after unionists refused to join a new administration unless changes were made to trading rules. Jeffrey Donaldson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, welcomed Ms Truss's commitment to action but he reserved judgment on whether his party would return to the power-sharing administration as of yet.  He said: "We hope to see progress on a bill in order to deal with these matters in days and weeks, not months," Donaldson told parliament. "We want to see the Irish Sea border removed." However, the EU has repeatedly said any trade difficulties must be resolved within the parameters of the protocol. In his statement today, Mr Sefcovic said:"Our overarching objective is to find joint solutions within the framework of the protocol. That is the way to ensure legal certainty and predictability for people and businesses in Northern Ireland. He continued: "With political will and commitment, practical issues arising from the implementation of the protocol in Northern Ireland can be resolved. "The European Commission stands ready to continue playing its part, as it has from the outset." 