Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal author Pauline MacLaran said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex need to publish something "concrete" in order to prove "that they can be successful". However, Ms MacLaran said that the podcast could "pack a punch" and turn things around for the couple's popularity. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed an £18million deal with Spotify in December 2020 but have since only produced just one 35-minute podcast episode. While they have since announced a new podcast series called Archetypes, which will be hosted by Meghan, nothing further has been published to the platform. The podcast, which aims to investigate "labels that try to hold women back", is set to be released this summer. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Pauline MacLaran, Professor of Marketing & Consumer research at Royal Holloway University, said: "Certainly on the UK side people have become rather disaffected with them. "There does seem to have been all this anticipation [for the podcast] and nothing produced yet, although Meghan's Archetypes series is supposed to be out soon. "But I think they definitely need something out in a more concrete way, to sort of prove themselves in a way. That they can be successful. "I can't really speak for the American mood on this, because I hear different things, because they seem to be more popular there. "Although again they don't seem to be classed as A-list celebrities. So the jury is out there." She added: "If this Archetypes series comes out, this could pack a punch. READ MORE: Meghan Markle blasted for 'embarrassing' Netflix 'blow' "So these things can turn around in an instant." Ms MacLaran said that Meghan's decision to host the podcast alone, without Prince Harry, may also be part of this effort to "prove herself". She said: "I think it would be silly to have them always involved together. "They obviously want to do their own things as well and that's what would be expected in the current climate. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Good decision!' Queen's 'wise' snub of Harry [LIVE] Meghan told 'you can't just take the money' after Netflix 'disaster' [REACTION] Spotify could want 'greater control' over Meghan's podcast [REVEAL] "Meghan is an independent woman, so she would be anxious to prove herself on her own. "Of course, she still has the connection with Harry that gives her more kudos. So she still has that even on her own. "And it does appear that it's a programme much more suitable for her to do on her own and I think it would only look silly if Harry was involved. "He would look very much to be tagging onto that which wouldn't be appropriate either." The couple's entertainment contracts have come under scrutiny in recent days, after it was revealed that Netflix has decided to axe Meghan's upcoming cartoon series, Pearl. It was due to be published as part of the couple's deal with Netflix, rumoured to be worth $150million.