Broadcaster Sophie Corcoran has called on the British Government to take advantage of Brexit and scrap VAT to help Britons who have been hit by the soaring cost of living. Ms Corcoran warned against people becoming overly dependent on financial support from the Government and pushed inside for a tax cut to help solve the problems of soaring household bills. Ms Corcoran told GMB: "I think everybody needs to acknowledge that the Government is always going to have responsibility over people's lives. "However, you can't just solely rely on the Government to fix your problems." She added: "I don't necessarily think the windfall tax is probably the best way that we should cut VAT. "That's why we left the European Union and we should take advantage of that."  It comes as polling showed more than half of people in the UK say they have worse health due to the rising cost of living, with medics reporting some patients cannot afford to look after themselves. A YouGov poll of 2,001 people commissioned by the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) found 55 percent felt their health had got worse owing to issues such as high heating costs and soaring food bills. One in four of these people have been told this is the case by a doctor or other medical professional, with stress seen as a driving factor of ill-health. Of all those who reported their health getting worse, 84% said it was due to increased heating costs, 78 percent cited the rising cost of food and almost half (46 percent) said transport costs had had an impact.  Some 37 percent of those in higher income brackets (ABC1) said the cost-of-living crisis had had a fairly negative impact on their health, while 16 percent said it had had a very negative impact. Of those in lower socio-economic groups, 37 percent said it had had a fairly negative impact and 22% said it had had a very negative impact. The shadow secretary of state for work and pensions has said that instead of helping people affected by the cost-of-living crisis, ministers are "walking into a tsunami". Jonathan Ashworth told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "We are facing a situation where 250,000 households - many families, many pensioners - will be destitute. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] "500,000 children will be pushed into absolute poverty over the next year ... and rather than protecting people and families at the time of this cost-of-living crisis, ministers are walking into a tsunami." He said that Labour proposes a windfall tax is imposed on gas and oil companies to "use the proceeds from the windfall tax to help bill payers who are paying huge energy bills ... to bring those energy bills down by £600". He added: "We would aim to raise around £2 billion from our windfall tax." Meanwhile, Britain's jobless rate has fallen to its lowest level for over 47 years but workers have seen their pay fall further behind rocketing inflation, according to official figures. 