Actor John Goodman has lost a staggering amount of weight by making one key lifestyle change. His journey began more than a decade ago in 2007. In an interview in 2011, the esteemed actor revealed he was at one point "pushing 400lbs", before joking that he may have been closer to 500lbs. He addressed his fluctuating weight, saying that it was somewhere around that figure but close enough. When asked the contributing factors to his colossal size, the actor joked that he wanted to get his knees replaced - and he wanted to get them replaced with his elbows. John's weight had always been an uphill battle. READ MORE: Lose weight without dieting: Simple and easy daily techniques to slim  Speaking of his continual struggle, he stated: "I'd lose 60lbs (4.2st) every spring and then I'd get too fond of the barley corn and I'd just start missing it too much." Whiskey and beer are both made from barleycorn. He revealed that this would "screw up" his weight loss, and would make him pile on the pounds even more. But after losing the weight for good, John Goodman felt better than ever. He referred to the difference as "night and day". But how did he lose such an astounding amount of weight? The actor took up a lot of exercise which made him feel great, he told David Letterman, as well as cutting out alcohol. He has been sober since 2007, after battling alcoholism. When asked if he intended to lose more weight, he described it as an "ongoing process". He vowed that he would work at it for the rest of his life. But he joked that he wouldn't go too overboard - "I don't want to look like Paris Hilton or anything" - and instead decided to focus on reducing his fat content. He has spoken candidly about his weight loss and alcoholism since then. In a 2018 interview, John admitted that he was drinking at work, slurring his words and looking like a red-faced "stop sign". After a particularly heavy weekend, he found himself still drinking, but shaking. With the help of his wife, who got him into a treatment centre, the actor managed to combat his struggle and overcome it. "I detoxed there and decided I liked the feeling," he told Willie Geist on Sunday Today. The 6'1 69-year-old is looking and feeling better than ever.