Frankie Bridge, 33, and her husband, former footballer, Wayne Bridge, 41, have previously revealed they have a cast of the Loose Women star on a wall at their home. The unusual art piece was once commissioned as a Christmas gift and is located in her dressing room. Now, Frankie has revealed to Express.co.uk how the cast still causes “quite the stir” among the couple’s guests. She also admitted even her fans were let into the intimate detail after she accidentally posted it on Instagram. Frankie said: “I did an Insta story once and it was in the background. “I didn’t even think about it, as I’m so used to it being there. It caused quite a stir, ha! READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims “It’s definitely a talking point when new people come round.” Frankie explained that the silver-coloured sculpture of her bottom is not the only surprising element in her home. She said: “We have a secret door in our kitchen. It just looks like the rest of the cupboards, but our study is behind it. “People are always quite surprised by it.” But when it comes to the interior design, Frankie likes to call the shots and keep things “practical” due to their sons - Parker, eight, and six-year-old Carter. Asked about who makes the design calls at home, Frankie explained: “It’s mainly me, but I definitely don’t make any decisions without him. “I like to keep walls and furniture simple and neutral and add colour with pictures on the wall and accessories. “We have two children and a dog, so everything has to be practical. READ MORE...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly warns Kate Garraway’s husband is in for 'a hard road' [LATEST] “I’d hate to have a house so pristine that no one felt comfortable,” the TV star concluded. Wayne has also previously given fans an insight into how the bizarre decor item inspired by Frankie’s derriere made its way to their wall. Speaking in December to Lorraine on her eponymous show, Wayne said the object reminded him of his beloved wife while she was in North Wales participating in I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! He explained: “She might not be there, but you do have something to… hold on to – which is the fantastic bum cast that she did!” Looking at a picture of Wayne posing with the sculpture, Lorraine said: “I mean, that’s rather lovely!” The sportsman then went on to reveal the cast’s location. He said: “It’s not, like, in the hallway or in the front room or anything downstairs.” Wayne added, with a smile: “It’s up in her dressing room out of the way a little bit so not everyone gets to see it!”