Rafael Nadal has admitted that Carlos Alcaraz was the better player after losing their Madrid Open quarter-final 6-2 1-6 6-3. The world No 4 had been playing the first tournament of his comeback from a rib injury he picked up in his last match against the teenager, and is now shifting his focus to the upcoming French Open. Nadal suffered his first-ever loss to Alcaraz when the teenager overcame an ankle injury he picked up in the second set to outlast the five-time former champion in two hours and 28 minutes. Following the defeat, the world No 4 was full of praise for his opponent as he said: “Happy for Carlos. He was better in various aspects.” The 21-time Grand Slam champion also thought there was still a lot of room for improvement ahead of the French Open after being sidelined for six weeks when suffering a stress fracture in his rib. “I need to get better like I said previously. I accept that,” he said of his current level. “I have two and a half weeks to get ready to have real options in Paris.” The 13-time French Open also admitted it was the “dream” to arrive at the upcoming Major tournament healthy and able to compete at his top level, as he outlined the areas he needed to work on. JUST IN: Raducanu discovers Italian Open draw fate including possible Osaka tie   “Need to be more dynamic, quicker, hit deeper. I have the right mindset. I have to accept what my main goal,” he said of his aim to be ready to attempt to win a record 14th French Open and 22nd overall Grand Slam title. The third seed in Madrid also reflected on his first tournament in more than a month, admitting the altitude at the Masters tournament didn’t make it the ideal place for a comeback. “Coming back in this tournament isn’t ideal,” he confessed. “These are the most different conditions to Roland Garros that we have in this clay season.” Nadal had made a late decision to compete in Madrid, playing the tournament just a week after stepping back onto a practice court for the first time in a month. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal vs Carlos Alcaraz stopped after medics rush to spectatorNadal makes 'incurable' injury confession amid concern over limpDjokovic gives verdict on Nadal and Alcaraz battle as he awaits winner    He also revealed that he had been planning to return a week before in Estoril to play a tournament at sea level but said he “wasn’t ready and didn’t want to risk it.” He will now play next week’s Rome Masters before attempting to extend his title record at the French Open. The 10-time title winner in Rome will receive a bye to the second-round, where he faces either big-serving John Isner or a qualifier. He has once again been drawn in the same half as Novak Djokovic, meaning a potential semi-final clash between the two. But his latest conqueror Alcaraz lies safely away in the other side of the draw, with their only chance to meet coming in the final. 