Mrs Hinch rose on social media when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her followers share their own advice on dedicated cleaning pages, including how to clean greasy microwaves. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jodie Roberts wrote: “What does everyone use to clean the inside of a microwave?” Microwaves can become extremely dirty due to food particles and splatters when heating food up. If not cleaned regularly, microwaves can become a breeding ground for germs and bacteria. Taking to the comments, Carol Waring wrote: “Lemon juice in water and put on high for a couple of minutes. Stains will wipe off.” READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers spend £20k under budget - here's how Catherine Walker said: “I use lemon juice. It also leaves a lovely fresh smell afterwards.” Kay Coy commented: “Lemon in a bowl of water for five minutes.” Lemon juice evaporates and clings to any food particles and grease on the interior of the microwave. This will make any hard food or grease easy to wipe away. DON'T MISS:Lawn: How to avoid ‘unpleasant’ moss and weed growth on grass [COMMENT]DIY: ‘Important’ safety tips ‘every homeowner should know’ [EXPERT]Peonies: Nick Bailey shares how to care for ‘very hardy’ plant [VIDEO] Lemon juice is also one of the best natural cleaners due to its low pH and antibacterial properties. They also smell great and aren’t likely to damage any materials. Sam Bine said: “Bowl of water in the microwave for a few minutes. “I use lemon in the water which will make it smell nice and the steam will break down food as well.” Tracy Simpson wrote: “I also use lemons, great 21p hack for sparkling microwaves. Seriously, lemons are your best friend when it comes to cleaning, they can be used for loads of different jobs.” Ashleigh Rotherforth said: “Orange peel does the trick too.” Others recommended using Elbow Grease to help dislodge any stubborn stains or grease. Karen Simpson said: “Use Elbow Grease, spray it on and leave to soak for a few minutes.” Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser is formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots from a variety of materials including fabrics, metals and plastics. It is available to purchase from supermarkets for as little as 89p.