Viewers have been given a first look at the final five puddings entered in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pudding competition. Five bakers and their recipes have been selected from nearly 5,000 entries and the winner is to be announced later this month. Cakes commemorating the Queen's wedding and multicultural Britain are among those teased in a new trailer for The Queen's Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years In The Baking. The one-off special show is set to air on BBC One on May 12, when the Duchess of Cornwall and Dame Mary Berry will announce the winner. Nearly 5,000 people entered their recipes as part of the competition between royal grocer Fortnum & Mason and the Big Jubilee Lunch in honour of the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Among the five finalists is Shabnam, who lives in north London and works part-time at her husband's skincare clinic while also catering for friends and family parties as a hobby. READ MORE: Why the Royal Family is banned from eating crab and foie gras Shabnam, who says the Queen has been a role model in her life, feels she has the "perfect cake" to celebrate the monarch's historic reign. She said her rose falooda cake recipe, which originates from the streets of Mumbai, reflects the Commonwealth and how Britain has become a multicultural society. "My falooda cake is a humble cake of the people,” Shabnam explained. “And by qualifying, I felt I was representing people from all walks of life, their struggles, journeys, their hopes and aspirations, and I hope it's inspiration for anyone really, that you can achieve anything if you just believe in yourself.” DON'T MISS...Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIDER]Harry and William's relationship turning point identified [CLAIM]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [COMMENT] Retired sales manager Susan, 65, from Argyll and Bute in Scotland, takes her cooking inspiration from her mother but has only become a keen amateur baker in recent years. Her pudding was inspired by the four nations; consisting of Scottish berries, Yorkshire rhubarb, Welsh cakes and Irish butter and cream, in a bid to represent the UK coming together. Susan explained: "The Queen's Jubilee is the one time that we can all be together to celebrate our Queen and how she's represented us during her selfless 70-year service to our country. "So I wanted my pudding to represent us as one nation." Sam, a 32-year-old lawyer from Warwickshire, was taught all the traditional baking methods by her grandmother. She submitted a jubilee bundt cake is based on the classic Victoria sponge but with a royal twist as it is shaped like a crown and includes a Dubonnet jam, which she read was the Queen's favourite tipple. Sam hopes families all over the world will be able to easily recreate the recipe in their own kitchens to join in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Copywriter Jemma, 31, from Southport, believes her lemon Swiss roll and Amaretti trifle could be the winning pudding as the flavours were inspired by the monarch's wedding dessert, lemon posset. It is a tribute to both of her grandmothers as one taught her to bake and the other's signature dish was a trifle. The line-up is completed by 29-year-old Kathryn, a composer and oboist who lives in Oxfordshire, and describes herself as a "'chuck everything in' kind of cook". She feels her passion fruit and thyme frangipane tart is perfect for the Queen's historic celebration as it is a "light summery pudding". Kathryn noted that it also commemorates her grandmother, who continued to work as an NHS nurse during the pandemic before she died in April 2020 at the age of 84, as it is a variation of her favourite cake. The winning recipe will be revealed in The Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years In The Baking, which airs on BBC One at 8pm on May 12.