At the end of the second series of All Creatures Great and Small, war was on the horizon as James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph), Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) heard about news of unrest across Europe. Looking forward to the third season, Mrs Hall star Anna Madeley appeared to confirm the Second World War would arrive at Skeldale. Anna shared her hopes for the new series and top of her list is to see Mrs Hall reunite with her son Edward. The young man has not featured in the Channel 5 series but viewers know the pair are estranged. Mrs Hall has been hopeful Edward would return home at Christmas but he’s always disappointed her. Now with war on the horizon, Edward could finally head back to Skeldale to reunite with his mother before it’s too late. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat Teasing the new series, Anna commented: “In season three, I hope she’s able to reconcile with her son. “I think that would be a wonderful thing, especially given the prospect of the political situation in the world.” Hinting there could be tragedy and heartache in coming episodes, the actress continued: “There are some frightening things on the horizon but I think life is good and opening up for her.” If she doesn’t reunite with Edward, Anna is hopeful Mrs Hall will at least find love with Gerald Hammond (Will Thorp). “I hope she makes some good decisions regarding her heart,” Anna shared. “The future carries both darkness and light.” It could be Mrs Hall receives news of her son’s death and Gerald is the one to comfort her. Meanwhile, writer Ben Vanstone teased: “All of the characters at the end of season two are looking forward to a bit of a change in their lives moving forward into series three. DON'T MISS...Nicholas Ralph age: How old is the All Creatures Great and Small star? [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small’s Rachel Shenton shares sneak peek [UPDATE] The Yorkshire Vet's Peter Wright pays tribute to his 'kind' mentor [EXCLUSIVE] “We should feel they are ready to take the next step forward in life, in whatever way that might be.” For Mrs Hall, that could be a romance or reuniting with Edward, but for Tristan Farnon (Callum Woodhouse), it’s likely to be as a vet. Tristan shared the news he had passed his exams in the latest Christmas special and will be working alongside Siegfried and James in coming episodes. However, if war does come to Skeldale, due to their age, James and Tristan could be called up and away to the front line. All Creatures Great and Small has been renewed for a third and fourth season with episodes set to air later this year. Sebastian Cardwell, Deputy Director of Programmes at ViacomCBS Networks UK, said: “It is clear that our viewers adore James Herriot’s adventures in Darrowby and so do we at Channel 5. “I am looking forward to us all being reunited with the Skeldale House family when series three arrives on our screens this year.” All Creatures Great and Small is available to catch up on My5.