Deborah James, 40, has been inundated with messages of support after she shared a heartbreaking “goodbye” post today. The BBC podcast host confirmed that she is being moved to hospice at home care because her “body can’t continue anymore”. She has been documenting her battle with bowel cancer for five years. In her sad message, Deborah said she is unsure “how long [she] has got left” and told fans she is unable to walk and has been sleeping for "most of the days". Many of her 409,000 Instagram followers took to the comments to express their sadness. Lorraine Kelly wrote: “You are simply incredible. I’m honoured to know you and thank you for allowing us to help your life saving campaigning. Love you so so much.” Loose Women panellist, Andrea Mclean, penned: “Oh Deborah… I’m sending you and your family all my love.” READ MORE:Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Jeremy Clarkson’s daughter Emily said: “I love you Deb. Thank you for being a phenomenal friend and relentless inspiration. You will be with us all forever. We adore you.” Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown added: “I will raise a glass to you. Sending my love and all I can to you and your loves.” Gaby Roslin echoed: “You know what you mean to me.” While Katie Piper said: “You changed so many people's lives, you’ve spread so much joy and kindness. An ever-lasting impact.” And influencer Kat Farmer, otherwise known as Does My Bum Look 40 In This, said: “Oh Debs. My heart is breaking for you and your family. “I wish there was something more I could do or say but please know that you have been and will continue to be the most inspiring person I have ever ever known. Sending you every single fibre of love.” Deborah has been documenting her battle with bowel cancer since she was diagnosed in 2016. She has kept fans informed through her BBC podcast, You, Me and the Big C, as well as in her Things Cancer Made Me Say column in The Sun. DON'T MISSDennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death[LATEST]Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival[INSIGHT]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care[BREAKING] Deborah has also become the face of the No Butts campaign, helping people to spot the symptoms of bowel cancer early. She has now set up a fund for bowel cancer charities, called the Bowelbabe fund. Concluding her emotional statement, Deborah said the fund was "the one thing she wanted to do before she died". She added that she has her whole family around her and that she plans to take things “a day at a time”. The presenter went on: “Right now for me it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. “My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment!” (sic) Deborah has two children: Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12, with her husband Sebastien Bowen.