The NHS has information on what to do if you have long COVID, and find yourself with low mood and depression. Being unwell can have an impact on your mental health, notes the health body. It says: “It’s not unusual to experience lower mood after being through a significant event such as coronavirus (COVID-19). It can take a while to process what you've been through and the impact this has had and may still be having on your life.”  The NHS says signs and symptoms of low mood can include: The health body states: “If you haven't been able to do the activities you would usually do, this can have a big impact on your mood as well.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels  It states: “If negative feelings don't go away, are too much for you to cope with, or are stopping you from carrying on with your normal life, you may need to make some changes and get some extra support. “If you experience depression symptoms most of the day, every day, for more than two weeks, you should visit your GP.” The health body explains that the chances of having long-term symptoms does not seem to be linked to how ill you are when you first get COVID-19, as “people who had mild symptoms at first can still have long-term problems”. The BHF adds: “There isn't one single test to diagnose long Covid. It's a condition that isn’t fully understood yet.” It adds: “Speak to your doctor if you are experiencing lasting long Covid symptoms. They may refer you for tests to help understand how long Covid is affecting you and how it can be treated. Or it may even be that there is another cause for your symptoms.” The Mayo Clinic says there are a number of other common signs and symptoms that linger over time. These include:  The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says the Office for National Statistics (ONS) estimates that 1.3 million people in the UK were experiencing long Covid symptoms as of 2 January 2022. This was defined as symptoms that had lasted more than four weeks from the initial infection. It notes this amounts to just over one in 50 of the population. The NHS says if you have COVID-19, you can pass on the virus to other people for up to 10 days from when your infection starts. Many people will no longer be infectious to others after five days, it adds.  The NHS says in December 2020, NHS England announced the launch of Post Covid clinics. The health body says: “The clinics bring together a wide range of healthcare professionals including doctors, nurses, physiotherapists and occupational therapists to offer both physical, psychological and rehabilitation needs assessments. “The Post Covid clinics aim to bring a more holistic diagnostic picture of long Covid.” The health body says if you have mental health symptoms, such as anxiety or depression, you may be referred to additional local services for specialist mental health assessment and support. 