An exclusive poll for Express.co.uk, conducted by Techne UK between May 25 and May 26, asked UK voters whether they had a positive or negative opinion of ten different members of the Royal Family. There have been mounting questions over the future of the monarchy as the Queen steps back amid continuing health issues. The 96-year-old monarch has passed an increasing number of duties over to other senior members of the Royal Family. The poll, which spoke to 1,624 UK voters, found Prince William and Kate are the most popular members of the Royal Family, apart from the Queen herself. Prince William had the second-highest approval rating, with 79 percent of people viewing him positively. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge saw a similar response, with 74 percent viewing her positively. A massive 85 percent of respondents viewed the Queen in a positive light. In fourth place, behind the 96-year-old monarch and the Cambridges was Princess Anne, who was viewed positively by 67 percent of voters. The future king, Prince Charles' approval ratings were more dubious, with 55 percent of respondents viewing him positively. Prince William and Kate are seen by many as a solution to negative opinions about the Royal Family. Writing on Twitter, one royal watcher, Collywobble (@Collywobble73) described the couple as a "credit to this country". DON'T MISS: Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REPORT] Royal Family urged to use Princess Beatrice at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Prince William to carry out major honour for Queen's Jubilee [REVEAL]  They explained: "I was not a fan of the Royal Family. "I believed the monarchy should be destroyed. "But, in Kate & William I think we have a great couple who can take this country back to the levels of greatness it once knew. "Both a credit to this country. DON'T MISS: Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REPORT] Royal Family urged to use Princess Beatrice at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Prince William to carry out major honour for Queen's Jubilee [REVEAL] Another user, Jakki (@jakki2004), wrote: "I think people are proud of their Monarchy. "And Kate & William will help them all heal." Meanwhile, Dawn (@Dawn91273141) wrote: "Thanks to Harry & Meghan and Kate & William the monarchy is now changing to reflect contemporary society." However, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's approval ratings were significantly lower than that of Kate and William. Just 16 percent of people had a positive opinion of Meghan, while 33 percent had a positive opinion of the Duke of Sussex. But Prince Andrew saw the lowest approval ratings, at just 3 percent.