Five Dates A Week has just started airing on Channel 4 and the quirky dating TV show throws participants into the deep end in their search for love. Each participant spent time at the countryside retreat known as Cupid Cottage, where they had the chance to pick from five hopeful singles. Michael Freitas chose his favourite date at the end of the first episode, but where is he now? Michael Freitas, 24, is a London-based content creator who was struggling to find love after a long-term relationship ended. He was invited to Cupid Cottage along with 22-year-old accounts manager Charley, trainee paramedic Brittany, 22, Zainab, a 24-year-old personal banker and entrepreneur, Miranda, a 21-year-old dental nurse and 25-year-old recruitment consultant Poppy. After whittling the women down from five to two, he was left with Poppy and Miranda. In the end, he decided Miranda was his ideal date but did he stay with her? Speaking to Express.co.uk, Michael explained what he is up to now in terms of his work and relationship. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? He said: "Last year was just a year of finding myself and I think I had the best year of my life. "Right now I'm still continuing with my social media job which is content creation on Instagram, TikTok and YouTube. "I'm still going strong with that. In terms of relationships, I'm still single but it's never an issue. "I'm never purposely looking for it, if it happens, it happens. "The most important thing is to focus on myself so when the right person does come around, I can give them more." He said he had not been in touch with anyone from the show, but he did speak to Miranda shortly after the experiment. The social media star hopes to catch up with the rest of his co-stars at some stage in the future. Although he has experience in TV production before, he said the experiment was nothing like he imagined. He said: "I have done a few production things before, it's what I studied at university, TV and film. "But the situation I was in this time was very different." On why he chose to take part in the experiment, he said he had been trying to find himself after coming out of a long term relationship. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]Dan Walker Channel 5 debut date confirmed [INSIGHT]Gogglebox’s stars exposes contact ban between families on the show [INSIGHT] Michael added: "I was always down to try new things and figure out ways I can prove myself as a person and potentially find someone on my journey." He said he "loved" the drama of five women fighting for his affection, as it is not something that happens often. The star added: "I embraced it as much as possible, I have always liked being in big groups so there was never an issue there. "I never felt uncomfortable or intimidated, I feel more natural in situations like that anyway." The hardest part of the experiment was having to send girls home as he wished he had more time to get to know them. He said: "On the first day I had to send someone home only knowing them for two or three hours. "I had to go based on instinct, what I have learnt is you can grow to like someone and it felt unfair almost because I didn't have that time to get to know the person. So that was most definitely the most difficult thing." Despite this, he said there was nothing he would change about the experience and he learned a lot about himself in the process. He added: "It was almost like an unrealistic situation as you are never going to find yourself in a house with five girls fighting over you. "So the emotions are heightened and what I have learnt is the time you spend away from them rather than with them is more important." Offering his advice to those wanting to take part in a similar experience, he said: "Don't have expectations at all. "The most important thing is to enjoy yourself and the experience...otherwise it becomes too forced and fake and you won't last outside of the house."  Five Dates a Week airs on Channel 4