As it stands, residents living in England who are in their 60s can claim free prescriptions. The state pension threshold is currently 66 years of age which means pensioners more than qualify for this freebie benefit. It should be noted that there is a consultation into hiking the eligibility threshold to the state pension, but those who are 60 are still able to claim free prescriptions. Furthermore, those who live in Scotland and Wales can claim free prescriptions no matter what age they are. To receive free medication on the NHS, pensioners may have to bring evidence of their age to their local pharmacist when picking up prescriptions. Once this is done, the pharmacist will be able to provide the medication free of charge to the recipient of state pension age. Despite older Britons being able to claim this benefit, those under the age of 60 are still able to get free prescriptions also. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum On its website, Age UK outlines how younger people are able to claim reduce how much they pay towards their medication costs. The charity stated: “Everyone aged over 60 gets free prescriptions. If you're under 60 you can save money on prescriptions by buying prescription prepayment certificates from the NHS for three months or 12 months. “This covers all your prescriptions for that period, regardless of how many you need.” The average prescription cost in England is £9.35 per item. As a result of many older people having multiple medications to pick up monthly or weekly, costs often rise higher for households.  A three-month PPC costs £30.25 per individual and an annual certificate is priced at £108.10. While many choose to pay this fee all at once, claimants can spread the cost over 10 months paying £10.81 per month. This discount is accessible via the NHS prescriptions website and people have the option to pay by card or direct debit. Forms are also available at pharmacies across the country or prescription claimants can call 0300. People under 16 can get free prescriptions on the NHS, as well as those aged between 16 to 18 who are in full-time education. People who are pregnant or have had a baby within the last year and have a valid maternity exemption certificate, which is known as a MatX, are also entitled to the benefit. Many people claim free prescriptions by receiving a valid medical exemption certificate, referred to as a MedEX. Medical exemption certificates are awarded to those who have a specific health condition that meets the NHS’s qualifying criteria for additional support. Furthermore, a medical exemption for free prescriptions can be given to those who have an existing physical disability that stops them from going out without help from another person. Among the conditions that qualify someone for a medical exemption certificate include: