British world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has not yet alerted the WBC that he is vacating his title and will not be rushed into making a decision on keeping the belt - despite his claim that he is retired. Fury recently defended his WBC crown against Dillian Whyte in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium. Fury sensationally retained his WBC title by knocking Whyte out in the sixth round. He landed a powerful right uppercut to secure the win, with Whyte originally getting to his feet before staggering into the ropes. After securing the win over the Brixton Body Snatcher, Fury remains unbeaten in 33 fights. The 33-year-old had declared prior to the bout that the fight would be his last, and he re-iterated his decision in the ring. However, the real sign that he is walking away from the sport will come if he relinquishes his WBC title, as that is ultimately crucial in any undisputed clash between the winner of Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. The Ukrainian defeated Joshua to win the WBO, IBF and WBA titles. READ MORE: Hearn backs Joshua to win Usyk rematch and then beat Tyson Fury WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman confirmed to the Daily Star that Fury has not yet suggested he will give up the title. Sulaiman currently plans to allow the Gypsy King to rest and relax with his family in the next few weeks before he will meet with the star to discuss his future. Fury is free to make a voluntary defence or sign up for a unification after defeating mandatory challenger Whyte, so he is not under pressure to decide on his future soon. However, his promoter Frank Warren believes Fury can fight for as long as he wants if he so chooses. While Warren will not place any pressure on the Gypsy King to fight if he is set on retirement, he wants to see Fury become undisputed champion by defeating either Usyk or Joshua. He said: “If he does continue, I don’t think he has reached his pinnacle to be honest, he looked even better the other night. DON'T MISSTyson Fury explains stance on fighting Oleksandr UsykDillian Whyte says he'll '100 per cent' win world title post-Fury lossTyson Fury defends Mike Tyson for hitting fan on plane “When he gets back in the gym he might think, ‘This is good, I’m feeling good’ and then he might think ‘What am I in the gym for, I may as well have a fight’. Who knows? I’m not going to push him, if your heart is genuinely not in it then I wouldn’t want him to do it because it’s dangerous.” On the prospect of an undisputed fight, Warren admitted he wants Joshua to win to set up a blockbuster all-British clash. However, the 70-year-old is not confident: “You do want to see the undisputed fight. “I would have loved it to have been Joshua, can you imagine them two in Wembley in an all-British affair?”