This week sees the second major of the golf campaign get underway, as the PGA Championship takes place at Southern Hills between May 19 and May 22. The main headline heading into the week of the absence of reigning champion Phil Mickelson, whose time away from the course continues after he announced his withdrawal last week. One man who is set to take to the course is Tiger Woods, after making his long-awaited return to the PGA Tour at last month’s Masters. It remained unknown as to whether Woods would tee it up at Southern Hills after reiterating at the Masters that he would only be competing on the tour part-time following his return from injury. To the delight of the whole golfing world though, Woods’ attendance was confirmed after his name was included on the tournament entry list, before being spotted in preparation at the Tulsa course over the weekend. The PGA Championship returns to Southern Hills for the first time since 2007, and the 2022 event is the fourth occasion it has played host to the championship. JUST IN: Tiger Woods issues ominous message to rivals ahead of the PGA Championship This is not the only major experience the historic Tulsa course holds, having hosted the US Open on three occasions - the last coming in 2001. The field heading into this year is a competitive one, with a number of the sport’s big names leading the way at the top of the betting. Masters champion and world No.1 Scottie Scheffler has been tipped by the bookmakers to follow up his Augusta heroics and is the pre-tournament favourite. Scheffler is closely followed by Jon Rahm, Justin Thomas, and Rory McIlroy who is hunting down a third PGA Championship title after winning the event in 2012 and 2014. To follow all four days of the action by radio, here are the details you need to know. DON'T MISS'We've all made mistakes' - Greg Norman brushes off Khashoggi killingJustin Thomas calls out PGA Tour rebels with clear message Saudi series battle may turn ugly as 'PGA and DP World Tour hit back' You can follow all the action as it unfolds across the PGA Tour app and website via PGA Tour radio, which is available across all four days. The BBC will also be providing radio coverage over the weekend of the tournament, covering both the third and fourth day. Day three will be available on Saturday, May 21 from 8:00pm (BST) on BBC Radio 5 Live Extra, while day four coverage on Sunday, May 22 will kick off at 9:00pm (BST) on BBC Radio 5 Live.