For members of the public, this means that the cost of borrowing will go up, making their loans, mortgages and credit card payments more expensive. The bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) announced the base rate will be increased from 0.75 percent today. Many experts believed a hike to one percent was likely which will match the borrowing costs to the level in February 2009 following the 2008 financial crisis. Martijn van der Heijden, CFO at award-winning mortgage broker, lender, and digital home-buying service Habito, explained: “For the quarter of UK homeowners who are on a variable, tracker, or standard variable rate, any vote to rise the base rate will mean they see their repayments go up; on tracker mortgages the change will be immediate and certain, but on a variable rate, it’s up to the lender." UK Finance figures from February showed there are around 1.1million people on SVRs, and 850,000 people on tracker rates. Currently, households across the country are being hit with the rise in the cost of living due to inflation reaching seven percent. On top of this, wholesale pressures on the gas and electricity market and the war in Ukraine are putting further pressures on families with their energy bills, especially after the increase to the price cap. Across the pond, the United States’ Federal Reserve made the decision to raise its benchmark interest rate by 0.25 percent yesterday, showing that the current economic turmoil is not just affecting the UK. The Bank of England's decision to increase the base rate to one percent is the fourth consecutive hike since the financial institution started raising borrowing costs in December 2020. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years While some economists believe a 0.5 percent increase could be on the cards to prevent inflation from skyrocketing, the consensus is that a 0.25 percent rise is more likely. Concerns are growing over the rate of inflation as it may lead to a recession due to the impact it is having on consumer spending in the UK. On the Bank of England’s decision, Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, said: “At the MPC meeting on May 5, we’re expecting a unanimous vote to raise interest rates from 0.75 percent to one percent and for the MPC to announce that it will start selling bonds. “But given how uncertain the outlook for the economy and inflation is currently, no hike and a 0.5 percent increase are also significant possibilities.  “Ultimately, the degree of monetary tightening over the rest of this year will depend on whether the MPC is convinced that a tight labour market and rising inflation expectations will lead to persistently higher inflation.” Recent analysis from AJ Bell broke down how the likely interest rate increase will affect everyday homeowners. If the base rate does rise to one percent, this will result in repayments on an average £250,000 mortgage going by £32 a month or £384 a year. In the unlikely event, the base rate jumps to 1.25 percent, repayments would rise by £64 a month or £768 a year. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. However, those who have a fixed rate mortgage deal will not be affected by any changes to the base rate during that period. Alastair Douglas, the CEO of TotallyMoney, outlined what is at stake for mortgage holders across the nation. Mr Douglas explained: “As the Bank of England increases the base rate to ease inflationary pressures, the two million homes on variable-rate and tracker mortgages will see their household finances squeezed even more. “And the situation isn’t going to get much better for those nearing the end of their current deals. “They have a choice of facing the more expensive SVR or having to switch to a new, and more expensive fixed-rate product. “Customers feeling the squeeze from the increased cost of living should consider cutting back on using expensive credit lines such as overdrafts, and move interest-bearing credit card balances to a zero percent offer. By reducing the interest being paid, customers can repay their debts quicker, or use the money saved to cover other costs.” Charlotte Nixon, a mortgage expert at Quilter, warned that inflation is expected to rise in the near future which could lead to more interventions from the Bank of England. She added: “Inflation is predicted to continue to spike, and more rate increases may very well be on the cards. At present, the housing market continues to be buoyant despite significant headwinds and this may be because people are recognising that rates are on the move and are scrambling to buy so they can lock in a mortgage deal while they are still relatively low. “There have been years of ultra-low interest rates and many may suddenly struggle to meet their monthly payments and other outgoings if they stay in their current property especially with rising energy and food prices on top. “This could bring more houses to the market as people downsize and the laws of supply and demand dictate that that could mean we see house prices at the very least stall if not cool down.” In reaction to today’s news, Alastair Douglas, the CEO of Totally Money, is sounding the alarm that around 8.9 million people will struggle to make their repayments on borrowing following the bank’s decision. Mr Dogulas added: “For mortgage holders on variable rate deals, repayments that were once affordable, are going to quickly become unaffordable. Increasing rates to one will see two million borrowers face average repayment hikes of over £1,000 per year and could leave some defaulting on repayments for the first time." On potential changes to the base rate going forward, Simon Leadbetter, the Global CEO of Fine & Country, said: “While it remains unclear how aggressive the Bank of England will be when it comes to further hikes later in the year, they need to get the right balance between combating inflation and supporting growth at a time when conflict in Europe has taken its toll on consumer confidence in the broader economy. This latest interest rate rise won’t magically bring an end to higher food and energy costs which have been triggered in large part by the war in Ukraine.” Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at investing platform Bestinvest, reminded savers and homeowners that inflation is expected to rise further due to the hike in energy bills. The result of this will mean that economic growth will continue to grind to a halt which may impact further decisions by the Bank of England going forward. Ms Haine explained: “With the headline inflation rate already running at a three-decade high, it was little surprise that the BoE expects inflation to hit just over nine percent in the second quarter of this year and over 10 percent at its peak toward the end of the year – a reflection of the higher energy prices following the large rise in the Ofgem price gap in April along with the projected increase in October. “Meanwhile, the BoE expects economic growth to slow dramatically to just 0.1 percent in the second quarter as soaring food and energy costs and fresh supply chain disruption put the squeeze on consumer spending with the Ukraine war only amplifying the costs crunch even further."