Arsenal could be set to miss out on transfer target Aaron Hickey with reports suggesting Brentford are now leading the race for the Scottish teenager. The Bologna full-back, who is capable of playing on both flanks, has been tipped to make a summer move to the Premier League with Newcastle United also linked. Arsenal have previously denied an agreement has already been reached with Hickey, with recent reports in Italian media claiming a £21million deal had been reached. Bologna’s sporting director Riccardo Bigon was said to have recently flown to London to hold transfer talks with the Gunners. Now, the Times claim Brentford are the frontrunners to secure the 19-year-old's signature. The former Hearts of Midlothian prospect is understood to be keen on a move to England, and has impressed with Bologna this term. Hickey agreed a £1.5m switch to the Serie A outfit in September 2020, rejecting approaches from Bayern Munich and former club Celtic. The full-back was limited to just ten league starts in his debut campaign in Italy, but the teenager has gone to register 34 starts in the same competition this season. Hickey's impressive club form led to the defender making his senior Scotland debut as a substitute in the 1-1 draw with Poland in March. Concerns over the recent performances of Nuno Tavares and Cedric Soares has reportedly led Arteta to identifying Hickey as priority target in the upcoming window. But despite Arsenal's interest, the Times report outlines how Brentford are now in pole position to sign the Bologna defender with a suggested fee in the region of £13m. It could be another damaging setback to Arteta following successive defeats which have seen the Gunners' top-four hopes almost disappear. Tottenham's derby win was followed up by a narrow victory over relegation battlers Burnley, and Arsenal suffered a second straight Premier League defeat with a 2-0 loss at Newcastle United. Arteta looked shell-shocked in his post-match interview, and admited the Magpies were '10 times' better than his side. The Arsenal boss told Sky Sports: "It was a really difficult night to swallow, Newcastle deserved to win.They were comfortable from the first minute to the last minute, we had nothing in the game. "They were much better in every department, they were better in duels, second balls, they managed to do so, we were poor with the ball. We had nothing. "A lot of things happen during the night, substitutions through injury but it’s not an excuse. Newcastle deserved to win from the beginning, they were much better for what the match requires to be on top of that. It’s true that we could not cope tonight with the game we had to play here."