Arsenal have been dealt a major blow to their hopes of signing Paulo Dybala after being defeated by Newcastle. The loss means that a place in next season's Champions League is all but gone, with Tottenham needing only a point from their clash with already-relegated Norwich to confirm their spot in the top four. If the Gunners do miss out on the Champions League as expected then it will reportedly be a fatal blow to their hopes of signing Dybala. The Argentine is leaving Juventus at the end of the season after seven years at the Serie A giants. The Gunners have been linked with a move for the attacker, but The Sun report that he is 'only interested' in joining a team who have qualified for the Champions League. Their dreadful defeat to Newcastle on Monday would then appear to rule them out of the race to sign Dybala. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta had been keen to sign Dybala, with the Spaniard searching for two new attackers this summer. In addition to playing in the Champions League, Dybala is demanding a £10million signing-on fee and wages in the region of £200,000 per week. READ MORE: Gary Neville hits back at Arsenal star Granit Xhaka after interview It had seemed as if Arsenal were in pole position to sign Dybala, with former Italian youth international Massimo Brambati tipping the Gunners to win the race. Brambati had claimed he had spoken to people close to the Juve star, with Arsenal a leading suitor. "I was told by a person close to the environment that if Arsenal qualifies for the Champions League the Argentine will go there," Brambati told TMW Radio last weekend. But after an own-goals from Ben White and Bruno Guimares' strike, Arsenal's bid for a top four place appears to have sunk. DON'T MISS: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into team after dismal Newcastle defeat (INSIGHT)Arsenal hero Ramsey admits Chelsea regret ahead of Rangers' final (NEWS)Arsenal and Juventus 'in contact' over Gabriel with update 'soon' (TRANSFERS) There is just one game of the Premier League season left, with Spurs ahead of the Gunners by two points. They travel to doomed Norwich on the final day, while Arteta's men host struggling Everton. If they are to overtake their fierce rivals, Arsenal need the Canaries to claim just their sixth win of the season. With Spurs holding a far superior advantage on goal difference, a point at Carrow Road will be enough to return them to the Champions League and end Arsenal's hopes of signing Dybala for sure.