Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond usually present Friday's This Morning together. However, Dermot was replaced by Irish presenter Craig Doyle on the latest instalment of the ITV programme. Many viewers were thrilled to see Craig host the show alongside Alison and called him a "breath of fresh air". Craig made his This Morning debut when he stepped in for Dermot earlier this month.Fans were sent into a frenzy when the 51-year-old broadcaster returned for the latest episode of the show to fill Dermot's shoes again. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines  "Nice to see Craig back on #thismorning," Sue remarked. However, other viewers commented on Dermot's absence from the instalment, with Lois quipping: "Just tuned in, Dermot is looking a bit different! #ThisMorning." A confused Julia asked: "#ThisMorning who is that man?" Alison and Craig first presented This Morning together when they stepped in for Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on the May bank holiday.   Visibly happy to be reunited for Friday's show, Alison and Craig opened the episode by performing a dance routine. Alison said she was pleased to be hosting alongside Craig who is perhaps best known for presenting Rugby Union on BT Sport. He often appears on the competition segments of This Morning too which is how some fans may recognise him. The Irish presenter took to Twitter following his first experience of hosting This Morning with Alison. DON'T MISS...Barry Manilow's appearance on This Morning sparks frenzy  [LATEST]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot over sex life probe [UPDATE]Alison Hammond shares one easy change to diet to lose weight  [INSIGHT] He uploaded a photo with Alison and captioned it: “What a fun day. Thank you to the wonderful @alisonhammond55 for minding me. "Thank you to all the crew on @thismorning for inviting me along and @chefphilvickery for an incredible lunch. "I felt honoured to be sitting on that iconic sofa.” Craig occasionally shares snaps of his personal life on his social media with his wife Doon Doyle.   The pair tied the know in 2001 and they have four children together - daughters Elsa and Muireann and sons Milo and Quinn. 