The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will travel to Manchester on May 10 to officially open the Glade of Light Memorial. The memorial commemorates the 22 victims - including several children - of the terrorist attack that took place at Manchester Arena on May 22 2017. More than 1000 people were also injured when suicide bomber Salman Abedi detonated a homemade device as US pop star Ariana Grande's concert was ending five years ago. The memorial was opened in January, but Kate and William's engagement will mark its official inauguration. The important memorial is sited alongside Manchester Cathedral. At its centre, there is a garden surrounded by a marble centrepiece shaped like a halo. The stone has been inscribed with the names of the people who lost their lives. Most poignantly, the stone structure has been embedded with 22 memory capsules containing items linked to each victim, which have been provided by their loved ones. The memorial garden project was given the go-ahead in January last year. At the time, the chief executive of Manchester City Council, Joanne Roney, said: "Reaching this point has involved a long and meticulous journey. READ MORE: Harry & Meghan in BIG trouble, says CAROLE MALONE  "We made a solemn commitment to honour the 22 people who were killed in that heinous attack and it was important that we took great care to deliver something moving and appropriate." Manchester council leader, Sir Richard Leese, added the memories of those who died "will endure and Manchester will never forget them". During their visit to the garden, designed to be a space for remembrance and reflection, Prince William will make some brief remarks, Kensington Palace announced.  Alongside his wife, William will also take a short walk around the memorial garden. Kate will lay some flowers as a tribute to the victims. The inauguration of the memorial will be followed by a private reception taking place inside Manchester Cathedral, where Kate and William will have the chance to speak with the bereaved families as well as some of the first responders involved in the response effort in the aftermath of the bombing. Kate and William had previously paid tribute to the victims of the Manchester terror attack by attending a National Service of Commemoration at the city's cathedral in 2018. This engagement comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended a string of joint engagements in recent weeks. On April 21, they headed to the headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) to learn more about the ongoing fundraising appeal to provide humanitarian aid to Ukraine and people affected by the conflict started by the Russian invasion of the country on February 24. There, William and Kate also spoke via video link with people working on the ground and heard their first-hand experience. A few days later, Kate joined William at Westminster Abbey, where they attended the annual Anzac Day memorial service. On Easter Sunday, the Duke and Duchess were in Windsor for the annual service at St George's Chapel. The second-in-line to the throne and his wife were accompanied by their two eldest children George and Charlotte.