YouTube sensation Joe Sugg is the narrator of a new children's YouTube show called Corpse Talk which brings historical figures like Cleopatra and Leonardo da Vinci back to life through animation. The series consists of 13 episodes and Joe, 30, has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about why got involved with the educational show. The historical series is narrated by the Strictly Come Dancing finalist who rose to fame through his own YouTube channel which boasts more than seven million subscribers. Corpse Talk is based on the popular graphic novels and comic series of the same name featured in The Phoenix Comic and created by Adam and Lisa Murphy. Lisa and Adam are an award-winning husband-and-wife comics-making team. Each episode of the comedy-led chat show focuses on different famous characters from history and a host of unknown and surprising facts about the figures are unearthed. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Corpse Talk features a diverse line-up of guests including Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, George Washington Carver, Julie D’Aubigny, Marie Curie and Nero. Ching Shih, Elizabeth I, Ibn Al-Haytham, Mary Seacole, William the Conqueror and Josephine Baker also feature in the series. Joe exclusively told Express.co.uk he has always been interested in history and was excited to work on the series. Joe has described Corpse Talk as "educational, and a great show for young kids".  "I have always been interested in what life was like before I was around, I think I'm a bit of an old soul like that," Joe explained. He added: “Also, I think the adults will enjoy it as well. If people are familiar with my work they should check it out. “There are 13 seven-minute episodes so you can binge it if you like - everyone has seven minutes in their life. “It’s been such a good project to be part of and the animation team is excellent and the sound design is amazing." DON'T MISS...Joe Sugg predicts Strictly will return to Blackpool 'Perfect timing' [EXCLUSIVE] Strictly's Joe Sugg opens up on changes to series 'Hope it returns' [EXCLUSIVE]Strictly's Dianne Buswell breaks down in tears over show farewell [STRICTLY] “Tiger Aspect Kids and Family has brought us an incredibly rich, dynamic animated chat show that kids will love watching while laughing and learning about important historical figures,” said Craig Hunter, the global head of kids and family for YouTube originals. “Having Joe as our engaging host is the icing on the cake - adding to the fun and humour of this entertaining show.” Adam and Lisa added: “We are so excited to be working with YouTube to bring these long-dead stories to life. "Corpse Talk has been our labour of love for the best part of a decade, and we’re thrilled to see the care, insight and brilliant humour the team at Tiger Aspect Kids and Family has brought to the project.  "We look forward to welcoming the world to the chat show that brings the dead famous to life." Tom Beattie, an executive producer of Corpse Talk added: “I’m thrilled that Adam and Lisa’s hilarious comic strip has been made into a series for YouTube Originals. "Whatever cool dad points I had left, have now doubled!” Corpse Talk is available to watch on the Cartoons For Kids YouTube channel. 