Inter Milan want a fee between £60million and £70m in order to let Lautaro Martinez leave, according to reports. Manchester United and Arsenal are both eyeing the Argentina international to revamp their attack. However, any deal won’t come cheap given the player’s importance to the Serie A giants. According to The Times, Inter want between £60m and £70m to let go of Martinez. And that’s because of his undroppable status, with the Argentina international a consistent performer since his arrival from Racing back in 2018. Martinez helped propel Inter to Scudetto glory last season, scoring 19 goals from 47 games across all competitions. And he’s stepped up since the summer departure of Romelu Lukaku, bagging 21 goals from 45 appearances. Arsenal have ‘renewed interest’ in Martinez as they prepare to embark on a summer spending spree. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The 24-year-old is on a list of targets that also includes Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus and Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin. If they’re able to qualify for the Champions League, Arsenal may have the upper hand on United. But the Red Devils are in the frame to sign Martinez as well amid uncertainty over several of their strikers. Cristiano Ronaldo may depart, with Real Madrid keen on a spectacular summer reunion with their former No 7. Ronaldo has been a shining light for United with 23 goals across all competitions but it’s unclear what the future holds for him under Erik ten Hag. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Edinson Cavani is set to leave for free, 12 months after the Uruguay international was convinced to stay put. And Anthony Martial, who United have offered for Inter in return for Martinez, has been deemed surplus to requirements. Tottenham are also admirers of the Argentine. However, they’re said to have ‘other priorities’ at the current moment in time. And what ultimately happens with Martinez remains to be seen, with Inter looking to make a big sale in order to balance the books. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Inter boss Simone Inzaghi recently hailed his star striker, meanwhile, after he ended his goal drought against Juventus. “It’s nice to see Lautaro returned to scoring,” Inzaghi said. “I know how much a forward can be bothered by being without a goal.” “We had talked and I told him to rest assured because a striker only has to worry if he fails to create chances.” And Martinez’s agent said earlier in the season that his client was happy at the San Siro. Alejandro Camano said: "No, he's very happy at Inter. "Lautaro doesn't care about Lautaro. Lautaro cares about Inter. “Because he wants to contribute, he wants the fans to be happy, he wants to make his club happy with him."