 From today, councils across England and Wales have been given new powers to charge drivers for traffic offences. This will include infractions like yellow box misuse, making an illegal turn or driving the wrong way down a one-way street.  The fines range from £20 for lower level penalties paid promptly, up to £105 for later payment of higher level penalties. Currently, in England, moving traffic offences are enforceable only by the police. The one exception is in London where TfL and London borough councils already have “civil enforcement” powers. This move is part of efforts to promote cycling and walking and make the roads safer for all who use them. READ MORE: Driver accuses airport of 'scam' after he was fined £39 for drop-off  The Government ruled that surplus funds raised from the fines can be used to pay for public transport provision, highway improvement projects and environmental improvements. Despite this, many drivers are furious about the new changes. One commenter, using the nickname Ascender, said: “The war on motorists continues.” Another reader, using the handle why, suggested some new driving law changes. DON'T MISSMotorists slam cashless parking as ‘totally discriminatory’ [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [INSIGHT]Motorists go ‘unpunished’ for parking on your drive thanks to loophole [WARNING]  They said: “Before crucifying more motorists, how about a level playing field. “Bring in jaywalking laws. All cyclists to wear helmets, be insured, wear hi-vis jerkins, proper lights on their bikes, fined for speeding and prosecuted if they break the law while cycling. “And a road tax would not come amiss also to be prosecuted for obstruction when they refuse to move over. “But before the righteous climb out of their pram, most of these laws have to be obeyed by motorists.”  A third reader, givover, said: “Fines, fines, fines, taxes, taxes, taxes. “That's all the Government and councils know what to do. “Words fail nowadays, good luck you youngsters, your life will be misery…” In reaction to the new driving laws, the AA said the new guidance was an “improvement”  and will “hopefully head off some of the poor enforcement … experienced in London”.  Data from the RAC found that 57 percent of drivers are generally in favour of yellow box junctions being enforced. Another Express.co.uk reader, Mewhoelse, slammed the rules changes, saying it was adding more pressure onto drivers at a time when prices are already very high. They said: “Money making by the high cost of petrol and energy is not enough. “Must think of many ways to screw the general population who pay taxes.”