Menopause marks the time in your life when you experience a drop in your hormone levels. Associated mainly with middle age, the condition causes your periods to stop as well as an array of stubborn symptoms. However, in Corinna’s case, the change started much earlier. From dry vocal cords to migraines, Corinna noticed something was wrong at the age of 10. She recalled her first symptoms: “I was a child singer and my vocal cords started to be a lot drier and not function properly. “So, I focused on sports and started getting injured, I had all sorts of breaking bones and joint pain. “Between 10 and 15, I went to the GP with a count list of these symptoms.” READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: Can you smell that? The warning sign that shows up on the loo Corinna also experienced migraines, heart palpitations, sleep problems and anxiety. “The GP just said ‘It’s because you’re a late developer'. “I haven’t had my period yet and [the doctor said] ‘This is normal, you’re just a teenager, you’re growing, just wait a few more years'. “All my symptoms were dismissed.”  At the age of 15, she went to see an endocrinologist, a doctor who specialises in hormones. Corinna said: “They literally just said ‘Your ovaries don’t work and you’re going to be infertile’ and that was their only concern. “They put me on a very low dose of HRT just to kickstart my development and they put me on the birth control pill. “Unfortunately, the birth control pill didn’t really help.” However, at this point, Corinna still haven’t received a diagnosis. The 26-year-old only received a diagnosis last year. She said: “I still struggled with joint pain, migraines, anxiety, depression and mood swings. “My vocal chords haven’t properly healed yet and I just thought I was really unlucky.” Corinna was diagnosed with a condition called primary ovarian insufficiency. Doctor Louise Newson explained this condition: “All it means it is the menopause under the age of 40. “All of women are going to become menopausal but for one in hundred women under the age of 40, they’ll have an early menopause and for one in thousand under the age of 30. “It’s not an insignificant number.” This could be triggered if your ovaries get damaged by chemotherapy, however, it’s unclear what exactly causes it in many cases. There’s no test to predict it and the symptoms “can be exactly the same” as the symptoms of menopause, the doctor explained. Just like in Corinna’s case, people who suffer from this condition can be prescribed HRT. Fortunately, she shared that all of her symptoms have improved now that she’s following the right treatment. “I feel so much better, I started to sing again, I feel stronger,” she added.