Jovita, 39, and Jannie Conradie, 42, who married on May 8, were looking forward to a beach break in the sun. But a week before the newlyweds were due to jet off, they received an email informing them that a leg of their flight to the African country had been cancelled. They were then given an ultimatum - pay £2,000 more to rebook their flights for the same day or their holiday would be cancelled, reports The Mirror. Jovita and Jannie, from the Isle of Sheppey, Kent, have requested a refund, but they have no cash to rebook another trip before it drops into their accounts. With the while holiday organised around childcare for Jovita's two kids, nine and 12, the newlyweds are worried they will never get another chance to go. "I have never been to Mauritius before, it was a once in a lifetime trip," Jovita, an accounts assistant, said. "We had been saving up and paid for some of the holiday on credit. "I am so upset. I really can't do any work at the moment. "My husband spent three hours talking to TUI yesterday, trying to find out what they can do. "They said there is nothing they can do. I don't think we will ever go that far. I am really sad and upset."  Having tied the knot in front of friends and family at the beginning of May, Jovita and Jannie, an auditor, had been looking forward to ten days of relaxation by themselves. They had booked a ten day stay at the Ambre Resort, which offers snorkelling, spa treatments and beachside dining in an adults only setting. The four star hotel also boasts a 700-metre long stretch of beach which straddles a tropical lagoon and a small nightclub.  Not only are Jannie and Jovita going to miss out on the holiday, they'll lose £200 in non-refundable expenses, such as airport parking. "I believe TUI should be accountable for what they are doing and people should know before booking with them what can happen," Jovita added. A spokesperson for TUI said: "We’re sorry to hear of Mr and Mrs Conradie’s experience following their flight cancellation, and understand this will have been disappointing. "As their flights were with a non-TUI airline and were cancelled by the carrier, they were entitled to a full refund, however our team did their best to source alternative flights. "Unfortunately there are no other flights available on that day with the same carrier, so we were unable to match the original cost of the flight as we have no control over prices of flights with other airlines."