This is a significant gain as the south west London council has been under Conservative control since 1978. Outgoing BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg tweeted earlier in the night: "Sadiq Khan has arrived at the Wandsworth count - if Labour weren't pretty sure of winning that iconic tory council, the chances that he'd turn up are not exactly high! "Altho (sic) it is his local patch." Chief Political Correspondent at Sky News Jon Craig also shared on Twitter: "Significantly, I’m hearing that Labour have gained the new Trinity ward in Wandsworth from the Tories. "Not confirmed, though. Sadiq Khan has arrived at the count, suggesting Labour getting more confident."  A party source told the Mirror: "Wandsworth is too early to tell but early signs are positive. "However we need to switch big Tory majorities in some wards so it’s also a big ask." Elsewhere in London the Labour group leader for Barnet council Barry Rawlings has said they are "confident" of taking it back from the Tories. The north London borough's large Jewish community turned away from Labour due to former leader Jeremy Corbyn's perceived failure to tackle anti-Semitism, it has been reported.  However, Mr Rawlings told the BBC: "I've been feeling confident for a while, I think we've had a very good campaign, got good candidates, it feels good on the streets. "We've certainly turned a corner on anti-Semitism since Keir's been the leader. "Obviously I've been leader (in Barnet) for six years so it hasn't always been the most comfortable six years to represent Labour in a place like Barnet, where there's about 15 percent of the population - but if you're talking about regular voters, it's probably about 20 percent are Jewish. "But of course it means that there's a lot of non-Jewish people who have Jewish friends and so anti-Semitism was a stain on us. We were a tainted brand."  READ MORE: Dominic Cummings in sensational election day attack At 1.22am Laura Kuenssberg tweeted again: "And as if by magic sources emphasising that Khan goes to every Wandsworth count after all! "Barnet council leader has told our team there he's feeling very positive but might still end up crying into his cornflakes." South west London based radio station Riverside Radio confirmed on Twitter that two Labour councillors had been elected in Wandsworth. They also wrote: "It looks likely Conservatives will no longer control the council after 44 years."   DON'T MISS:Boris issues stark local election warning after Brits cast verdict [LOCAL ELECTIONS 2022]GB News: ‘Completely looney’ Joe Biden blasted after slamming MAGA  [US POLITICS]William's 'appropriate action' praised after Kenyans land grab letter [ROYALS]