For much of 2022 US President Joe Biden has been attempting to regain the kind of popular support that saw him win the 2020 presidential election. The 79-year-old has endured fierce public backlash in response to a number of his decisions, handing the initiative to his arch-rival Donald Trump. Earlier this week a new poll released by UMass Amherst showed that Mr Biden’s approval rating had sunk below 40 percent for the first time. Compared with April 2021 his score has dropped by 13 percentage points, having been ranked at 51 percent. In fact, the poll identified that Mr Biden’s approval ratings among all demographic groups had dropped.  READ MORE: FMQs: 'Unthinkable and indefensible' Sturgeon savages Truss For example, those who voted for Mr Biden in 2020’s election fell from 91 to 75 percent, while his popularity among women decreased by 18 percentage points. His score for respondents between the ages of 18 and 29 also slumped from 52 to 32 percent. Tatishe Nteta, associate professor of political science at UMass Amherst, said: “The President’s sinking approval rating among his most loyal constituencies, most notably people of colour, young Americans and even Democrats must be ringing alarm bells in the White House. “If Biden hopes to remain in the White House, he will have to shore up the support among his base or risk potentially becoming another name on the list of one-term Presidents.”  YouGov paints a slightly rosier picture for Mr Biden, awarding him an approval rating of 42.9 percent - correct as of May 12. Here, participants were asked: “Do you approve or disapprove of the way Joe Biden is handling his job as President?” Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’. In comparison the number of people who currently disapprove of the job the US President is doing stands at 51.2 percent.  DON'T MISS: FMQs: 'Unthinkable and indefensible' Sturgeon savages Truss [WATCH]Russia army expert reveals next target for Moscow's army in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Poland calls Putin bluff after 'denazify' threat  [NEWS] Meanwhile, the number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer was 6.1 percent. In total, between 1,162 and 2,502 US registered voters took part in the research. Their poll demonstrates that since last August the number of people who disapprove of Mr Biden as US President has overtaken those who do approve of him. Since this point, the incumbent President has been unable to turn the tide back in his favour.  When Mr Biden’s approval rating swung last summer the US, UK and a number of their allies were coordinating the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan. A disorderly plan eventually led to criticism being aimed at both sides of the Atlantic for allowing the Taliban to regain control of the country. Mr Biden has also had to contend with soaring inflation, rising fuel prices and the ongoing Covid pandemic. Last month it was announced that the US economy had unexpectedly contracted for the first time since 2020. 