A government report, which was published today (May 26), revealed that the 1949 Hawker Sea Fury aircraft crash landed in April 2021 at the Royal Naval Air Station Yeovilton in Somerset. Neither the 60-year-old pilot or his passenger was seriously hurt. According to the report, both were wearing full military-style flying kit and helmets which protected their heads during the accident and when they escaped the wreckage, reports Devon Live. Damage to the pilot's helmet showed that it had suffered a significant blow and although the pilot sustained a small fracture to the skull, the helmet protected him from a much more serious head injury, it continues. It says: "The fact that both occupants were wearing helmets almost certainly saved them from any serious head injuries despite the cockpit coming to rest almost inverted."  The report from the Air Accident Investigation Branch, which investigates all incidents involving aircraft, helicopters and drones, says the 1949 aircraft hit the ground half a mile short of the runway at the Royal Naval Air Station just 10 seconds after its engine seized suddenly. It was on a training flight when the crash happened at 1.15pm on April 28 last year. The aircraft was being positioned for a landing after the pilot noted low engine oil pressure. Its Bristol Centaurus engine seized as it began to turn towards the runway. The report says the pilot, who had 11,550 hours of flying experience of which 36 were in the historic Sea Fury, noted that the engine oil pressure was low shortly after take-off. He immediately informed the airfield’s air traffic control and turned back towards the airfield. "The engine continued to run, but the pilot described it is as rather 'lumpy and unsteady," says the report. He attempted to position the aircraft for a landing, but having lowered the gear and flap to increase the rate of descent, the engine failed completely five and half minutes into the flight. It generated several "violent thumps" through the airframe before it seized, leaving the propeller stationary. The pilot was unable to "feather" the propeller, meaning the blades would be turned to decrease drag, and the increase in drag meant that it was not possible to make the airfield. The pilot made a Mayday call before the Sea Fury hit the ground in a paddock area, where it broke into several sections. It initially struck a telegraph pole, having cleared the roof of a nearby house by just six metres. The two-seater aircraft slid across the surface of the paddock before striking a hedge, leaving a 95-metre trail of wreckage. The report concludes that the point at which the engine seized left the pilot with no choice but to complete a forced landing short of the runway. It also points to the difficulty maintenance organisations have in accessing technical information for historic engines. The Civil Aviation Authority will meet with the engine manufacturer to discuss improvements. Sea Furies entered service with the Royal Navy in 1947, and production ceased in 1955. Several of the single-engined aircraft remain airworthy around the world and are popular with airshow organisers. The Sea Fury - a so-called “warbird” - is a large aircraft with a weight roughly equivalent to two Spitfires.