The Dutch Royal Family announced Princess Catharina-Amalia, 18, will study politics, psychology, law and economics at the University of Amsterdam in a statement on Monday. The statement said: "Her Royal Highness the Princess of Orange will start the upcoming academic year at the University of Amsterdam with the bachelor's degree in Politics, Psychology, Law and Economics (PPLE). "The study has an application and selection procedure, which the Princess of Orange went through in its entirety last year. "She will live in Amsterdam in September. Accommodation will be rented that the Princess will share with some fellow students. "The Princess's study time is considered private." A photo of Princess Catharina-Amalia sitting beside one of the Dutch capital's famous canals was also shared on Instagram to share the news. According to the University of Amsterdam's website, a British student would need to obtain a minimum of ABB at A-Level in order to join Catharina-Amalia on the course. JUST IN: Ex-Archbishop of Canterbury warns 'end of era' in Queen's role ahead of Platinum Jubilee The PPLE College also revealed it received close to 1750 applications for this year's intake. The course costs €4,418 (£3,762.73) per year for Dutch and EU/EEA students. However, for non-EU/EEA students, the PPLE course costs €13,300 (£11,325.85) per year. According to Times Higher Education, the University of Amsterdam was ranked as the world's 65th best further education institution in 2022. The University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, Imperial College London and University College London led the UK's charge as they all ended up in the top 20. READ MORE: Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as Duke not 'totally happy' in US The University of Amsterdam previously welcomed several notable students to its campus. Ex-Belgian Prime Minister and President of the European Council Charles Michel, 47, studied at the University of Amsterdam. Catharina-Amalia's aunt Princess Mabel of Orange-Nassau, 53, who was married to Prince Friso until his death in 2013, previously studied economics and political science at the institution. However, Leiden University helped educate the Princess of Orange's father and grandmother. Leiden University's website said: "Many members of the Royal Family have studied at Leiden University and several have been awarded an honorary doctorate. DON'T MISS:Sussex used name Lilibet to 'reinforce royal brand in the US' [COMMENTS]Meghan should spend time with her sick father, says CAROLE MALONE[ OPINION]Harry under 'smothering' Meghan's spell in US but Duke 'misses royals' [INTERVIEW] “In 1987, Prince Willem-Alexander followed in the academic footsteps of his mother Beatrix, his aunt Margriet and his grandmother Juliana, and started his History studies in Leiden. "In 1993, he graduated based on a thesis on the French exit from NATO's integrated command structure, and the way the Netherlands responded to this." Catharina-Amalia took a gap year after completing her studies at the Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvliet in the Hague last June. Catharina-Amalia also wrote to Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, 55, to waive her right to €1.6million (£1.4million) a year in income and personal and household expenses. In her letter, the Dutch heir apparent said: "I find that uncomfortable as long as I do not do anything for it in return, and while other students have a much tougher time of it, particularly in this period of coronavirus."