Genshin Impact 2.7 is out soon, with the Hidden Dreams in the Depths update getting rolled out by miHoYo at the end of this month. The next big Genshin Impact update is out on PS4, PS5, iOS, Android and PCs on Tuesday May 31. To prepare for the rollout of this patch, Genshin Impact makers miHoYo has scheduled some server downtime for the 2.7 release. Server maintenance is set to begin at 6am UTC+8 on Tuesday May 31 and is scheduled to last for five hours. If you're in other time zones then here's when you can expect the Genshin Impact 2.7 server maintenace to begin and end Genshin Impact 2.7 UK launch: Server downtime begins at 11pm UK time on Monday May 30, ends at 4am UK time on Tuesday May 31 Genshin Impact 2.7 European launch: Server downtime begins at 12am CEST time on Tuesday May 31, ends at 5am UK time on Tuesday May 31 Genshin Impact 2.7 US launch: Server downtime begins at 3pm pacific time / 6pm eastern time on Monday May 30, ends at 8pm pacific time / 11pm on Monday May 30  As per usual, the latest Genshin Impact update will be bringing with it new characters as well as banner re-runs. The new characters arriving in Genshin Impact with version 2.7 are Yelan and Kuki Shinobu. While the banner re-runs are Arataki Itto and Xiao. The next Genshin Impact update will bring with it new story content with the Archon Quest Interlude Chapter as well as four limited-time events.  These LTMs are Perilous Trail (Realms of Guile and War), A Muddy Bizarre Adventure, Core of the Apparatus and The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival. In a recent PlayStation Blog post miHoYo went into more detail about what fans can expect from the 2.7 update. The Genshin Impact makers said: "As you continue your exploration of The Chasm, you will join an interesting crew consisting of Yanfei and Itto, as well as new characters Yelan and Kuki Shinobu, to discover more about the history and secrets of Liyue. Meanwhile, the Arataki Gang also invites you to the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival and the latest season of rhythm game." 