Virgil van Dijk has hit back at one interpretation of his performance in Liverpool's win over Aston Villa on Tuesday evening. It was far from the Dutchman's finest performance in red as Jurgen Klopp's men survived a close call to come away with a 2-1 win, but Van Dijk could not help but laugh at one take in particular. The centre-back's evening got off to a mixed start after being caught flat-footed for Douglas Luiz's opening goal but played a part in Joel Matip's equaliser. Late on, Van Dijk lost Danny Ings on a run in behind which could have seen Liverpool drop two more points, but they just about got the job done. Squawka merited his performance with a 5/10, adding: "Apparently the way to make Virgil van Dijk play poorly is to have him play at Villa Park. The Liverpool colossus was all over the place yet again in the midlands and never looked sure of himself." The 30-year-old did not take too kindly to the assessment, responding on social media with two hysterical laughing faces. JUST IN: Ex-Everton and Real Madrid star James Rodriguez wants Liverpool to win Champions League Last time Van Dijk rocked up at Villa park he was booked as Liverpool shockingly lost 7-2. Ollie Watkins bagged a hat-trick and Jack Grealish scored twice on the defender's watch, in what is still one of the most unlikely results in Premier League history. And while it was not a vintage display from Van Dijk this time around, he and Matip held down the fort until Sadio Mane's stooped header rubber-stamped a crucial win. Three more points keep the pressure on Manchester City, who must beat Wolves on Wednesday evening to maintain their advantage in the title race. DON'T MISSNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool ace Mohamed Salah details meaning behind Real Madrid tweet - 'It's revenge time'Seven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-up Liverpool's slip-up against Tottenham on Saturday could prove pivotal come the end of the season as City followed it up with a demolition of Newcastle, opening up a three-point buffer. An emotional Klopp hit out at his opposite number, Antonio Conte, after the game for what he saw as a negative game plan despite boasting 'world-class players'. Conte responded to the comments when facing the media this week, claiming that Klopp would be wise to focus on his own team rather than pick apart his opponents. Having followed it up with a victory at Villa Park, the Reds boss was much more level-headed after getting one over on former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard in the adjacent dugout. "Massive," he said. "Outstanding, again an incredible mentality, changed five times, coming here, a well set-up team obviously, in a diamond. We needed time to find into the game and the opponent was there from the beginning, like really aggressive, lot of challenges. "Look, if my players would not be as good as they are I would talk about completely different stuff with you. Their quality, mentality and character is the reason why we are where we are. I’m not surprised they are able to do something like this but I don’t take it for granted – I’m really proud tonight of the boys, it was massive."