RHS Chelsea Flower Show presenter Nicki Chapman was joined by Spandau Ballet's Martin Kemp and wife Shirlie to discuss their garden makeover. The couple were attending the Chelsea Flower Show in search of garden inspiration. They had recently taken on a garden “massive project” at their new home. Shirlie explained: “We bought a new house and it came with a gorgeous garden. “I bought the house for the garden, I will be honest because I just saw everything I could create there. “And I love creating gardens - we're always outside. “I mean, that's our that's our space. That's what we do. We're outside working in the gardens. “So yes, we're landscaping a whole area, we're creating meadows, I want rose arches…” READ MORE: House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK Martin said he thought his wife’s vision for the garden is “outstanding”. He said they have an old pig shed in their garden that he wanted to knock down. However, Shirlie stopped him and said she wanted to turn it into “something beautiful”. The couple said they do the gardening themselves which can be “exhausting”. However, photos of the couple’s garden clearly show that the hard work has paid off.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' [UPDATE]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [ANALYSIS] Immaculately maintained lawns, neat hedges, stunning blooms and plenty of trees can be seen in the couple’s garden. Spaces to socialise have been zoned out using well-thought out beds and borders. Alliums, buddleia and a picturesque canopy of pale flowers are just some of the plants that can be seen within the couple’s sprawling grounds. Martin said: “There's nothing better than having a day out in the garden where your whole concentration is about the plants and the land and the soil. “Rather than thinking about your diary of what you're next, it’s just good for your mental health.” Shirlie said growing up she was inspired by her neighbour’s garden. “I just feel happier around plants and flowers,” she said. Martin said he thinks he got his “love” of gardening from his dad. He said their garden was the size of a “postage stamp” growing up but his dad tried to make it as “varied as he could”.  Later on in the programme, Martin and Shirlie spoke to a rose expert and wildflower expert to gain some advice for their own garden. Martin and Shirlie have a home Instagram account dedicated to their renovation project. On the account, Shirlie shares photos of their house renovations as well as their gardening projects. RHS Chelsea Flower Show coverage is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.