Yevgeny Prigozhin, thought to finance the private military company Wagner Group, declared the West a “pathetic endangered bunch of perverts” in a blistering rant. Mr Prigozhin, a billionaire with close relations to the Russian president, told The Guardian: “You are a dying-out western civilisation that considers Russians, Malians, Central Africans, Cubans, Nicaraguans and many other peoples and countries to be third world scum.  “Remember, this is not true …. You are a pathetic endangered bunch of perverts, and there are many of us, billions of us. And victory will be ours.” Mr Prigozhin has been called ‘Putin’s chef’ due to his history of catering for the Russian dictator. The businessman has built up a food empire within Russia, having been awarded contracts by the state to supply dinners to schools and also to Russian soldiers. However, the billionaire is also alleged to own the private militia Wagner Group, which came to global prominence during the war in Donbas in Ukraine in 2014. The mercenaries are known for enacting hardcore atrocities including tortures, mutilations and brutal killings of innocent civilians. It is understood that the network is supported by the Kremlin in its horrible acts. The company is believed to be registered in Argentina and has offices in St Petersburg and Hong Kong, but this is unconfirmed.  READ MORE: Russia takes control of the ISS after threatening to crash it to Earth But Mr Prigozhin has denied his connections saying he had “repeatedly said that the Wagner Group does not exist” and he has “nothing to do with it”. It comes after the Russian mercenaries were linked to massacres in Africa, where hundreds of civilians have died. Army documents from Mali show the presence of the Wagner Group on “mixed missions” with Malian soldiers where civilians have been killed, reports The Guardian. DON'T MISSRussia humiliated as flaw found in threat to cover UK in radiation [INFO]Putin to ‘use nuclear weapons’ if Russia is ‘on brink of total defeat [WARNING]Ukraine mayor embarrasses Russia state TV in refusal to follow script [INFO] But Mr Prigozhin denied involvement saying he was “closely following the events taking place in Mali” where “the collective west, namely the USA, Britain, France and other countries trying to pursue a policy of enslaving Africa, have been planting and organising terrorist groups in Mali for years”. The Kremlin has denied the Wagner Group is linked to the Russian state despite the UK's Ministry of Defence claiming Putin had ordered the infamous group into Ukraine. It has been estimated that between 2,000 and 4,000 mercenaries arrived in Ukraine in January. It was reported in February that the group had been hired to assassinate President Zelensky - but this has not been confirmed. Meanwhile, the Kremlin has denied that Russian troops were storming the Azovstal steel plant in Ukraine's southern port city of Mariupol, where Ukrainian fighters and civilians are trapped as the war continues to rage in Ukraine. Asked if a claim by a senior Ukrainian official that Russian troops had broken into the plant's territory was true, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov referred reporters to President Vladimir Putin's previous order not to storm it. Putin was shown on television on April 21 telling his defence minister instead to seal off the vast complex so "a fly can't pass through".  Mr Peskov said ”You were witnesses, the president gave the order to refrain from an assault. No other orders were announced and the (humanitarian) corridors are working today. On Thursday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called for a prolonged ceasefire to evacuate civilians including women and children from bunkers under the Azovstal steel plant. Russia's military said it would pause military activity at the steel works during Thursday daytime and the following two days to allow civilians to leave.