As well as reducing their blood sugar levels within the first year after diagnosis, the team also discovered the more a diabetic’s blood sugar levels varied the more likely they were to experience other cardiovascular events. Co-author of the study Dr Martin Whyte wrote of the results: “The conventional wisdom has been to slowly and steadily treat type two diabetes with diet and medicine dose-escalation over years. “However, our observational study suggests that getting blood levels under control quickly will significantly help reduce cardiovascular events.” While this may sound unnerving, it is important to note type two diabetes is most associated with obesity and poor diet. As a result, maintaining high levels of exercise and a balanced diet are key.  While diabetes can increase a person’s risk of experiencing a heart attack, a new study has found diabetics are also more likely to die from COVID-19. The research, published by the University of Aberdeen, found diabetics are three times more likely to be critically or severely ill with the virus. However, they noted the risk was decreased if their blood sugar levels were managed correctly. The University of Aberdeen’s Dr Stavroula Kastora said: “We found that following a COVID-19 infection, the risk of death for patients with diabetes was significantly increased in comparison to patients without diabetes.” Dr Kastora added diabetics had a “significantly higher risk” of requiring supplementary oxygen or needing intensive care. The study was conducted in collaboration with King’s College London. As part of this study, they identified a disparity in outcomes for Covid patients in the East and West. Dr Kastora added: “Ultimately, we have identified a disparity in Covid outcomes between the eastern and western world.” Meanwhile, symptoms of type two diabetes to look out for include:• Urinating more than usual• Feeling thirsty all the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around genitalia• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. More information on type two diabetes is available on the NHS.