Rick Stein’s tour brought him to Perigord, which is famous for its black truffles and walnuts as well as duck dishes. On his travels, viewers saw the chef pay a visit to his favourite market in the city of Perigueux where an ingredient inspired him to get cooking. But this particular ingredient only pairs well with certain meats. Rick said: “Up in my hideaway, in the hills of Provence I was creating some of the wonderful dishes I’ve discovered on my travels. “While I was strolling through the markets in Perigueux, I was so taken by the Enchaud Perigourdin, which was essentially pork loin studded with garlic and cooked with pigs trotters. “Inspired by those wonderful flavours, I’m making my own version of a pot roast pork, studded with garlic and served up with hearty root vegetables.” He then showed BBC Two viewers how to make his dish. READ MORE: Marks and Spencer launches Jubilee Connie and Corgi caterpillar cakes Rick said: “Up in my hideaway, in the hills of Provence I was creating some of the wonderful dishes I’ve discovered on my travels. “While I was strolling through the markets in Perigueux, I was so taken by the Enchaud Perigourdin, which was essentially pork loin studded with garlic and cooked with pigs trotters. “Inspired by those wonderful flavours, I’m making my own version of a pot roast pork, studded with garlic and served up with hearty root vegetables.” He then showed BBC Two viewers how to make his dish. “First of all, I’m going to cut the skin off this piece of pork, making sure I leave quite a bit of fat on the skin, because I want it to crisp up. “Now, I’m just going to make 18 incisions into the flesh of the pork, quite deep and then slicing half a clove of garlic up into quite thin slices. “But not so thin that I can’t poke the garlic down into those incisions. “It makes so much difference to the flavour,” he remarked. DON'T MISS...‘Create maximum effect’ Interior designers tips for small spaces [INTERVIEW]Weight loss: Top 10 most effective exercises to burn calories quickly [EXPERT]Travel tips: Save £192 on family flights with clever booking trick [INSIDER] “If it was something like spring lamb, you wouldn’t dream of putting garlic in there. “But with a nice loin of pork like this, it just makes it taste absolutely wonderful. “I’m just going to tie the skin back on again, I’m using this rather lovely French butcher twine. “Now put that back in a dish and into the fridge for a couple of hours to let the garlic flavours permeate through the pork,” Rick said. He then browned the pork in 50g of butter and a glug of olive oil. The pork was skin side down in the pan and some pepper was added. “But it’s more than pepper, it’s a pepper mix that I’ve made up,” Rick admitted. “Black pepper, white pepper, pasilla chilli, and chipotle chilli and a little bit of Sichuan pepper and a little bit of salt. “You probably already know this, but you can’t seal meat by doing this, all you can do is colour it and caramelise the outside which improves the flavour, not just the pork but the sauce that goes with it. “Now I’m going to lift the pork out and add some root veg.” The root veg consisted of carrots, and onions turnip, which were “roughly chopped because they're all going to go soft in the long cooking process”.