Bravo’s hit yachting reality series, Below Deck gave fans a major insight into the inner workings of a yacht as a crew member. It also looked at the sheer amount of drama as star Chef Ben spoke on the drama surrounding Chef Ryan McKeown on the show’s latest spin-off.  Below Deck Down Under is one of the latest additions to the reality series franchise which has had fans hooked since it premiered in March. Fans have watched as tensions simmer between Chef Ryan McKown and chief stew Aesha Scott throughout the season. However, during the sixth episode, their feud reached new heights. This came after the chief stew noticed a lack of muesli boxes available for guests during the breakfast.  BELOW DECK: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role As a result, a huge argument broke out between the two which led to Aesha asking Ryan: “But how many yachts have you actually worked on.” To which the chef hit back: “I don't know, how many vacuums have you pushed, how many f******g frying pans did you flip?” He added: “You stick to vacuums, I'll stick to cooking.” In the interview section of the episode, the chief stew shared how disappointed she was with the disagreement as she didn’t intend for it to go the direction it did.  Aesha stated: “I just handled that so uselessly. “What I had meant to say was, 'Hey, Ryan these guests are paying thousands of dollars to be here, so could you please put just a little bit of time into their very simple breakfast request? “But within two sentences, he somehow flipped it and turned it into a completely different conversation.” Fans were also appalled at Chef Ryan as they branded him “the most hated chef ever”. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [INSIGHT]"I was a mess’ Below Deck’s Captain Sandy opens up on the industry [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans ‘saddened’ after Gabby exit's after spat [INSIGHT] This then led Chef Ben Robinson, who starred on Below Deck and Below Deck Mediterranean, to share his opinion about the disagreement. Having worked alongside Chief Stew Kate Chastain and Chief Stew Hannah Ferrier, Robinson shared which one would’ve put Ryan “in his place”. His claim came after Kate who stated: “I’m more of a passive-aggressive fighter, that’s my favourite, I love creative revenge. “So I don’t think I’d get in his face. I hate to break it to him, but Hannah would.”  To which Chef Ben told Showbiz Cheatsheet: “I mean, Kate is right, she is more passive. “I feel like you don’t really want to piss Kate off because it’s almost like she drags you down a black hole and you start questioning a lot. “Actually, I wouldn’t get on the wrong side of Kate, Hannah would just be almost like a brawl, she is confrontational and I’m confrontational because it’s timing and stuff like that. “So I think I could deal with Hannah probably more on a sort of a human level than Kate, but I think I respect Kate more.” Below Deck is available on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK. 