Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle has issued a 'sincere apology' to NFL star Patrick Mahomes and NBA prospect Paolo Banchero after a case of mistaken identity on his grid walk ahead of the inaugural Miami Grand Prix. Brundle typically interviews drivers and team bosses on the starting grid before races, but the Miami Grand Prix saw a whole host of celebrities on the grid. And the 62-year-old inadvertently interviewed Banchero while thinking he was Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Mahomes. After being initially ignored by Banchero, Brundle asked him what he thought of the atmosphere. "This is crazy," Banchero replied. "I've never been to an F1 race so this is spectacular. You can see, they're locked in. It reminds me of myself." However it was immediately after that the penny soon dropped for the former F1 racer mid-interview. JUST IN: Ferrari chief issues clear instructions to his team over Verstappen Brundle was later informed through his earpiece that Banchero was not Mahomes and told viewers: "It's not Patrick. That's why he ignored me in the beginning." The clip had plenty of people laughing on social media and, after the inverview went viral, Banchero tweeted: "I'm just vibing right now man". To which Mahomes replied: "Bro ain’t no way". And in his latest column for Sky Sports, Brundle has apologised for the mix-up. He wrote: "The grid was incredibly busy pre-race too, and my sincere apologies to Patrick Mahomes and Paolo Banchero for the confusion." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and FIA row update given as Toto Wolff acts peacekeeperLewis Hamilton explains his cameo appearance in blockbuster movieChristian Horner admits Max Verstappen was ‘lucky’ after Miami scare Following the incident, Brundle admitted he 'dislikes' doing grid walk interviews in a post on Twitter. He wrote: "There's a reason why I've never watched back an F1 grid walk in a quarter of a century of doing them. "You have no idea how much I dislike doing them, but somehow, those crazy moments have defined my professional career. Oh well, that's the way it is." It is by far from the only awkward encounter he has had on the F1 grid pre-race with an incident between the entourage of rapper Megan Thee Stallion one particular highlight at last year's US GP. Over the years he has has also had famous gridwalk moments with the likes of Ozzy Osbourne and Kimi Raikkonen.