Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has hinted that Erling Haaland could stay at the Etihad Stadium for “a long time” like four other legends did. The Citizens confirmed earlier this month that they have reached an agreement in principle to sign the blockbuster star from Borussia Dortmund this summer. “Many important players arrive here and stay a long time,” Guardiola said. “How long depends if they are happy here. What we do is try to make them feel happy in the city, in the locker room in Premier League and many things. After that who knows what will happen - but this is the idea. “Many things are involved. People don't come here just for a month or a year. Sergio Aguero came here and did ten years. David Silva came here and did ten years. Vincent Kompany and Yaya Toure the same.” City are on course to land their fourth Premier League title in five years this month. Guardiola’s side are currently three points above Liverpool at the top the table with two matches remaining. And they could secure the title as early as next Tuesday if they do the business against West Ham on Sunday and Liverpool slip up when they go head-to-head with Southampton two days later. JUST IN: Conte responds to agent claim there's '60%' chance he stays at Spurs City have one of the best squads in the world and could dominate English and European football for years to come if Haaland sticks around. And Guardiola admits he only wants to sign players who have the desire to become serial winners. “The world is so big - a thousand million teams and top talented players,” Guardiola added. “I like players that are not satisfied with individual honours - they want success as a team. As long as they are good players with this special mentality of wanting to win again and again - every day and not satisfied. The demands in England and other top countries, they have to handle the mentality. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out Erik ten Hag may be about to sign his own ‘Wesley Sneijder’ for Man Utd this summer Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick  “Everyone knows the top teams in England, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany and France. But the big difference is that the top players can handle the big teams. But, of course, when you arrive at a club like City and other clubs around the world with high standards you either adapt or you can't be here. There is no secret about that.” Haaland has become one of the best strikers in world football since joining Dortmund from RB Salzburg at the start of 2020 and has bagged an incredible 85 goals in 88 matches for the German giants. And he will surely become even better under the tutelage of Guardiola. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 