When it comes to new signings for Manchester United, links to Frenkie de Jong are growing in volume. The Barcelona star could leave the Nou Camp this summer, with Erik ten Hag keen on a reunion. And it appears the new Red Devils boss has made signing a midfield dictator his priority - something the club have lacked for some time, now. The last midfield dictator United signed was Bastian Schweinsteiger back in the summer transfer window of 2015. The Germany international had been put on the market by Bayern Munich, with Louis van Gaal then jumping at the chance to reunite with a player he’d previously worked with in Bavaria. Unfortunately for United, however, Schweinsteiger never lived up to expectations during his brief time with the club. Often injured, the 37-year-old managed to feature in just 31 games across all competitions during his first year at Old Trafford. And he then made just four more appearances before Jose Mourinho cut him loose midway through the 2016/2017 campaign. Since then, United haven’t signed a slick passer and smooth operator. A player like Michael Carrick, who used to dictate play. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Nemanja Matic was brought in to be a bulldozer, rather than somebody to let the game flow through him. Likewise Fred, who arrived in 2018 12 months after Matic had touched down from Chelsea. Paul Pogba was signed to be a bit of everything, having performed well in both attack and defence during his time at Juventus. United only snapped up Donny van de Beek because he was available for a cheaper fee, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer previously hoping to secure the signing of Jack Grealish. And academy graduate Scott McTominay, while a player with immense potential, doesn’t appear to have the ability to keep the game ticking over. So that’s why United now appear to be leaning towards the signing of De Jong. And what a deal it would be if Ten Hag was to somehow manage to bring the 25-year-old to the Premier League this summer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United know they need at least one midfielder, especially with the likes of Matic and Pogba primed to leave on free transfers. Academy graduate James Garner is likely to be involved with United next term after two impressive seasons at Nottingham Forest. Yet the Red Devils know they can’t hang their hat on the 21-year-old as they look to reel in Liverpool and Manchester City given his young age. De Jong would arrive with big expectations given how he flourished under Ten Hag during their spell at Ajax together. But, as mentioned above, any transfer to Old Trafford certainly isn’t straightforward. Barcelona will want big money to part ways with their prized asset, especially given their need to balance their finances. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And with De Jong still young at 25, he’s a marketable asset who they think can have many years playing at the highest level. At the current moment in time, there’s no guarantee De Jong will touch down at Old Trafford. Express Sport understands United are definitely interested but talk of a deal being close is far from reality. But Ten Hag can correct a seven-year mistake by bringing a player of De Jong’s calibre to Old Trafford this summer. And that, without doubt, would be a move that’s long overdue. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has admitted he’s relishing the challenge of getting United back to their best. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We have agreed that I will be employed by Manchester United from 16 May,” he said. “In the preparation for the season there are still a few things to be done. "Among other things, regarding the filling of the staff and the composition of the selection. I will make my mark and that must be done extremely carefully. "We have to talk carefully about where we all want to go and how we are going to achieve that. There were possibilities to work at clubs where it is easier, because there is a better foundation. “But I chose United because there's something to be gained there. A lot of things need to be addressed and that's a challenge. The club and I are on the same page as far as that's concerned. “Also about the way I want to do it. In what way? I don't want to say anything about that. I will discuss that in England."