Bargain Hunt returns to BBC One on Monday and Mark Stacey will be guiding the teams along with Stephanie Connell. The antiques dealer has travelled across the UK and Europe in search of hidden gems. Fans are keen to know where the expert is from and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Mark Stacey has always been a collector and as a child, he would collect stamps and coins. His hobby turned into a way of life and he said he could not imagine himself doing anything else. He joined the Bargain Hunt team in 2002 and over the years he has met contestants from all walks of life. The valuer and auctioneer is British and he was born in Neath in Glamorgan, South Wales. Mark, 57, moved to London to work for the Bonhams and Sotheby's auction houses. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark He went on to become the head of Decorative Arts and later the Director of Hamptons/Dreweatt Neate Fine Art. In 2011 he opened an antiques shop in Kemptown, Brighton. Three years later he joined Reeman Dansie auctioneers in Colchester, Essex. Mark, who has a brother and two sisters, worked as a residential social worker before entering the world of antiques. Offering his advice to those who want to work in the industry, he said: "The antiques trade is changing fast, for anyone wanting to get into it. "It offers great fun, excitement and very little money, as a dealer that is. "But you get to meet a wonderful array of eccentric people who have passion and many stories, some may even be true, but first and foremost you must research and handle lots of things, and be prepared to make a loss - this is how you learn!" Mark runs a website called Mark Stacey Antiques and Decorative, which gives some insight into his career history. The website says: "Mark had an interest in antiques from a young age, enjoying visits to his grandparents' house in the Welsh valleys and checking the porcelain, furniture and paintings. DON'T MISS... Eric Knowles nationality: What is Bargain Hunt expert's nationality? [EXPLAINER] Bargain Hunt's Natasha Raskin Sharp has surprising link to Obama [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt's Roo Irvine on why she can't watch herself on TV [INTERVIEW] "He is a well known and much-loved expert on various BBC antiques programs including Bargain Hunt, Flog It, The Antiques Roadtrip and Put your money where your mouth is. "As well as being a dealer, he was for over a decade in the auction world, working for Bonhams and Sotheby’s." His brother Paul is also an auctioneer and they have worked together for a long time. Paul has more than 40 years of experience and has a fine art valuations degree. As a collector, Mark developed a love of all things blue and white, especially pottery. He used to be the Honorary Secretary of the Friends of Blue, a specialist collector’s club. Away from work, Mark enjoys socialising at home, having learned to cook with the help of his Spanish partner. He also takes part in fundraising work for a number of charities.  Bargain Hunt returns to BBC One on Monday at 12.15pm