Queen Elizabeth II, 96, will celebrate her Platinum Jubilee next month to mark 70 years of her reign. But the event will also be marked by another significant event - Prince Harry and Meghan will return, likely to rub shoulders with the Royal Family once again. The Fab Four - once the term for Harry, Meghan, William and Kate - were last seen together publicly in March 2020, at Westminster Abbey. At the time, commentators stated that the tension between them was clear to all. Body language specialists pointed to the stiffness and rictus grins as signs that Harry and Meghan’s decision to exit their working royal roles was already taking its toll. That difficult meeting was even before the Sussexes appeared on Oprah and made startling allegations about the inner workings of the Firm. Now the couple have said they are “excited and honoured” to come back to the UK to celebrate the Queen’s milestone. The last time Harry and William met was to unveil a statue of their late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, in July last year. Royal experts have tried to figure out just what went wrong in the once inseparable brothers’ relationship - with one instance where Harry allegedly went ballistic at William for suggesting he take his relationship with Meghan slowly often being heralded as a key turning point. But what do YOU think? Do you want to see the brothers reunited? Vote in our poll and let us know in the comments section below. Harry’s relationship with William was also said to sour after the Duke of Sussex told his older brother he wasn’t doing enough to include Meghan in the family. According to a source quoted by Royal author Katie Nicholl, Prince Harry had the frank conversation with William in Christmas 2018. The source told Ms Nicholl for Vanity Fair: "Harry felt William wasn’t rolling out the red carpet for Meghan and told him so. "They had a bit of a fallout, which was only resolved when Charles stepped in and asked William to make an effort. "That’s when the Cambridges invited the Sussexes to spend Christmas with them." Ms Nicholl later claimed: "I don’t know that things will ever be the way they were between William and Harry." READ MORE: 'Fabulous' Beatrice leaves royal fans gushing [REVEAL] It is not known which parts of the four-day Jubilee weekend will see the Sussexes in attendance. However, their visit has already been marked with controversy after it was announced they would not be joining the rest of the Royal family for the Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance. Buckingham Palace said the Queen's decision to only include working members of the Royal family on the balcony was taken “after careful consideration”. The Jubilee celebration will mark the first time Harry and Meghan have brought their children to the UK since leaving for the US, with Archie and Lillibet confirmed to be joining the couple. It will be the first time Lillibet has met her great-grandmother the Queen, and will also mark her first birthday.