Lewis Hamilton was straight on team radio after the first few corners of the Miami Grand Prix to complain of contact from Fernando Alonso coming out of Turn One. The seven-time world champion returned to Q3 on Saturday and impressed with a P6 for Sunday's race.  But Hamilton was slow off the line and was quickly in a fight with Pierre Gasly to hold onto his position. The AlphaTauri got the move past Hamilton with the Mercedes driver noticeably locking up. The lack of traction coming out of the corner then allowed Alonso to come on the outside and take the racing line into Turn Two. With better traction out the corner, Alonso made his move and Hamilton clearly didn't see Alonso as he appeared to turn in slightly before being bumped by his former team-mate on his left rear. “I think I’ve been hit from behind," Hamilton said on team radio.  They were wheel to wheel though with the race stewards feeling no reason to investigate the incident. Hamilton's car appeared to be working fine after that moment though as he quickly moved back up to seventh after overtaking Alonso on lap three. But the 37-year-old still didn't feel right in the cockpit, getting on team radio to say: "Definitely feels like I've got damage on the left rear." Mercedes didn't see any data on their screens to suggest there was in fact any damage on his left rear. And he was soon back up his original position of P6 after overtaking Gasly to hunt down Valtteri Bottas.  George Russell, meanwhile, started on the hard compound tyre and also slipped down the pack early on. But the young Brit soon found himself further up the grid after the first set of pit stops. Further forward, Max Verstappen also took the lead from Charles Leclerc early on with both Ferraris struggling to match the Red Bull's pace. But Sergio Perez found himself in a sticky situation midway through the race when he complained of a loss of power. Perez said on team radio: "I'm losing power." Red Bull were quick to say all was fine despite Perez being around four seconds a lap slower at the time. He was originally within a second of Carlos Sainz, but that brief issue cost him valuable time. 