In recent weeks, talk has gathered momentum that Manchester United could try and use swap deals this summer. Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong and Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez are two players on Erik ten Hag’s radar as the 52-year-old looks to hit the ground running at Old Trafford. And it would certainly be a savvy way of driving the price for both players down. Manchester United are set for a big summer ahead, with Ten Hag hoping to steer the club to a first Premier League title since the days of Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2013. And it’s been reported of late that the Red Devils could use swap deals to try and give the 52-year-old a brilliant first summer at the helm. Last month, reports from Spain suggested that Barcelona were bracing themselves for a potential swap deal involving De Jong. The Netherlands international previously dazzled under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. He’s struggled for Barcelona of late and, with the Catalan titans hoping to make a big sale by June 30, a move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. It was claimed that the La Liga giants believed United would potentially offer Harry Maguire, Alex Telles or Marcus Rashford in return for De Jong. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But neither of the trio were said to be of interest. Instead, Barcelona were reportedly keen on Scott McTominay and Anthony Elanga. McTominay has been a solid, if unspectacular, presence in the United midfield ever since making his debut under Jose Mourinho in 2018. And Elanga has been a rare shining light of the Ralf Rangnick era, with the young Sweden international sparkling again in the 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night. Whether United use any of the five players as bait for De Jong remains to be seen. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But that’s certainly one option on the table as the Red Devils look to bolster their midfield with the signing of the Barcelona star. Then, over the weekend, it was claimed United had launched a swap deal offer to Inter Milan for Martinez. The Argentina international has scored 16 Serie A goals this term, boosting his side’s hopes of retaining the Scudetto in the process. And United need a new striker to ease the burden on Cristiano Ronaldo, who seems set to stay for another year at least. Italian media suggested United had already tried using Anthony Martial in a swap deal to land their man. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet Inter have said no. United could be tempted to use a different player instead in order to ensure they’re successful in securing Martinez’s signature. And with a big summer ahead, including players as bait could be a wise way to go. United have had a mixed record when it comes to negotiating swap deals in recent years. They succeeded when it came to landing Alexis Sanchez, with Henrikh Mkhitaryan moving to Arsenal in the opposite direction in January 2018. But, the following year, the Red Devils failed when they tried to exchange Romelu Lukaku for Juventus’ Paulo Dybala. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking after United beat Brentford 3-0 on Monday, Rangnick insisted a quick turnaround could be possible. “It's obvious quite a few players will leave and there is a need for top-quality players,” he said. “I strongly believe that if everyone works together we can bring Man Utd back to where we need to be. And he then added: "Other clubs only needed two or three transfer windows to challenge but from now on we need to bring in top-quality players who really help raise the level. “If this happens then I don't think it should take too long."