Gintare Bajalyte broke down crying on the ITV show as she talked about the moment her nine-month-old poodle, Smaila was dognapped in March. Speaking to This Morning presenters Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary, she was comforted by vet Scott Miller, who explained the concerning rise in dognapping cases in the UK. A sobbing Gintare was unable to watch the horrifying CCTV footage of the incident.  "Gintare we're so, so sorry," Dermot stated as she struggled to compose herself. "Sorry," she replied, trying to speak as Alison commented: "I know this is really raw for you." "We want to speak to you, but do you want to compose yourself?" Dermot offered. "No, I'll try, I'll try my best," the devastated dog owner bravely replied. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death "Gintare, tell us what happened," Dermot requested as he guest prepared herself. "Smaila was my daughter's 11th birthday present," she explained. "As a surprise." She continued: "And she's a really loved dog, we're saying she's still loved because we're still waiting for her at home." Taking a breath, she continued: "She's been stolen from our car. "We left her for a couple of minutes. We went to the cash and carry in Edmonton. "And we left her in the car and they took her from the car." "So the car wasn't broken into?" Dermot clarified to viewers. "No, we believed they opened the car with those electronic things-" DON'T MISS... Amanda Abbington fights tears as she speaks on fiancé's stunt injury [LATEST]Keir Starmer snubs GMB reporter as viewers slam 'car crash' interview [VIDEO]Ben Shephard skewers Dowden over ‘new ideas’ after major Tory loss [VIDEO] "Oh, where they clone the key?" Alison asked as Gintare nodded to confirm. "How has this left the family?" the broadcaster continued. "To be honest with you, I haven't watched the video since now, of how it's happening," she admitted. "You have the CCTV, do you mind if we show that?" Dermot asked. Gintare agreed as heart-wrenching footage showed a car pulling up to her van and snatching the dog just seconds after Gintare left the vehicle. Crying and looking away, Gintare said: "I can't even watch this." "Do you think you were actually targetted?" Alsion asked. "Because the way they just knew straight away where to go." "I don't know, I really don't know," Gintare responded. Doctor Scott explained: "Eight dogs every day are stolen in the UK, and these people are literally destroying lives. "And you know, as to why this is happening and who's doing it, well, with no respect I'd say scumbags." He detailed how money is the motive for the rise in dognapping and warned owners not to leave pets alone. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.