New Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag thinks criticism Cristiano Ronaldo has received this season has been ‘unfair’ as he gears up to move to Old Trafford, according to reports. The Portugal international took his goal tally for the campaign to 24 against Brentford on Monday night. However, despite that, his future at the club remains shrouded in uncertainty. Ronaldo starred on Monday night as United beat Brentford, with Bruno Fernandes and Raphael Varane also on target in a 3-0 victory at Old Trafford. After the game, Red Devils interim boss Ralf Rangnick suggested the 37-year-old would stay put. And the Telegraph say that Ten Hag feels criticism Ronaldo has received this season has been unfair, in the clearest indication yet they’re primed to work together. The Dutchman will be the club’s next permanent boss after fending off competition from the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to land the post. Throughout his time at Ajax, Ten Hag has often relied on youth to achieve success - with the Eredivisie outfit on the verge of a third straight title triumph. Yet Ronaldo has long been one of the best players on the planet and could get given the chance to once again take centre-stage under the new boss. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Behind the scenes, there’s an acceptance that Ronaldo may not fit into the football United will want to eventually play under Ten Hag. But there’s also a feeling the 37-year-old will decide his own future and whether he stays or not. With his 24 goals this season, Ronaldo is close to matching the 26 strikes he managed during the 2008/2009 season under Sir Alex Ferguson. And with two games to go, few would bet against him reaching the same amount of even bettering it. Ronaldo has been linked with a move back to Real Madrid, who apparently believe he would ‘guarantee goals’ despite the presence of Karim Benzema up top. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Paris Saint-Germain have also emerged as potential suitors, especially if Kylian Mbappe leaves on a free transfer. Ronaldo is still going strong, however. And with United likely to lose so many other players at the end of the campaign, it’s looking increasingly like he’ll still be playing for the club next term. Meanwhile, former United star Roy Keane recently had his say on Ronaldo’s future. And he insisted there was no logic to letting a player of his calibre go as they prepare for a fresh start with Ten Hag at the helm. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It [Ronaldo’s signing] was a short-term fix, for the fans, for the share price,” he told Sky Sports. “But he has still scored the goals. “Manchester United have bigger problems than Cristiano Ronaldo. “I just think with the goals that he has got, his performances, warrants staying at the club. “But Manchester United have to get players around him, they have to get other strikers in, there has to be competition for places. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If the leading goalscorer, the man you are depending on, is 37 years of age then that is certainly not good but I would certainly be holding onto Ronaldo. “There might be a conversation that needs to be had about the way you are going to play or that you are not going to be playing week in and week out. “But why would you get rid of a player who scores that many goals? I don’t see the logic in it.” United do want to sign a new striker this summer, however. Darwin Nunez and Lautaro Martinez, of Benfica and Inter Milan respectively, have both been linked.