Leeds United star Stuart Dallas faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines after the club confirmed that he has suffered a fractured femoral bone, causing 'significant damage to his knee cap'. The fan favourite was in agony after going into a challenge with Jack Grealish in first-half stoppage time on Saturday, in a match Manchester City went on to win 4-0. Dallas' team-mates gathered around him in support after the utility man immediately went down in distress following a freak challenge with Grealish. Whites boss Jesse Marsch confirmed after the match that early signs were not good, and further assessments have confirmed their worst fears. Leeds' statement read: "Stuart Dallas faces a lengthy period out of action due to a femoral fracture sustained in yesterday’s Premier League game with Manchester City. Stuart was kept overnight at Leeds General Infirmary and will now travel to London for surgery and further tests. JUST IN: Erling Haaland to Man City transfer 'guaranteed' after Pep Guardiola 'agrees new contract' "It is impossible to put into words just how important Stuart is to Leeds United on and off the field. Anyone who knows Stuart, knows he will come back from this stronger than ever, and in the meantime, he is sure to make his presence known at both Thorp Arch and Elland Road." Dallas was stretchered off with the score at 1-0 after Rodri's early header. In the second half, City stepped on the gas and goals from Nathan Ake, Gabriel Jesus and Fernandinho wrapped up the three points and fired them back to the top of the table. Defeat leaves Leeds hovering one place above the relegation zone, five points ahead of Everton before their date with Chelsea, albeit having played two matches more than the Toffees. Burnley's unlikely resurgence has left both sides under massive pressure, and they beat Watford on Saturday to move up into 16th. DON'T MISS...Man Utd scouts watch Feyenoord defender with Ten Hag eager to make bidLiverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shineTottenham boss Conte labels Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal war looms The Whites' immediate future is not set to get any easier with back-to-back ties against Arsenal and Chelsea up next. Facing them without Dallas, who has featured in every single Premier League game this season, will only serve to make things harder and Marsch paid tribute to the 31-year-old after the final whistle on Saturday. "Our hearts and minds are with Stuart Dallas right now," he said, "It looks like a knee injury, and one that's not great. We hope that he is okay. "The result was worse than we hoped, but the performance was better. We played with confidence. It certainly wasn't a 4-0 match. Disappointing to lose so big, but the fans and how they responded after the game is a reflection of how the performance was." 