The UK is set to experience a “mini heatwave” next week, with temperatures edging close to 30 degrees Celsius. But before then, Britons can expect some storm-like conditions, particularly in the south of England. Today, May 13, there will be high pressures in the south but lower pressures in the north, resulting in windy weather. Forecasts suggest it will be particularly breezy in northern areas of Scotland. It will be increasingly sunny as the day goes on, with temperatures reaching the low 20s in the south of England. London will see a high of 21 degrees, according to the BBC, with Norwich rising slightly higher to 22. Tomorrow, May 14, will mark the beginning of a warmer weekend, though this will bring with it more humid conditions. Humidity will rise from the south, increasing, where it rests, the likelihood of unsettled weather. The BBC reports there will be “thundery downpours” in central and southern parts of England. Humidity will increase though the day, as will temperatures, with an expected high of 23 degrees. READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ On Sunday, May 15, as humid weather rises further north, so too will the showers. This, however, will be “hit and miss”, according to the BBC, with some areas managing to avoid rainy weather altogether. As the bands move further north, it will become more dry in the south, and less humid. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The weather will become more settled as the week goes on. Temperatures will also begin pushing up the 20s and heading closer to the 30 mark. From Sunday onwards, Britain could bake under a “mini heatwave”, according to Jim Dale from the British Weather Services. He told Express.co.uk this will likely last for five-six days. During this time, temperatures could rise to 28 degrees “at the peak”. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the week ahead.