Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and new wife Nicola Peltz, 27, posed up a storm on the red carpet at the Met Gala on Monday, but they might have been avoiding a familiar face. Brooklyn’s ex-girlfriend, actress Chloe Grace Moretz, was in attendance too. Chloe, 25, looked stunning in an embroidered silver overcoat, white suit trousers, scarf top and metallic stilettos. The actress first began dating Victoria and David Beckham’s eldest son back in 2014. They made their red carpet debut together at the Teen Choice Awards that year. But according to reports, their romance was troubled and they broke up and reconciled several times in the next two years. In August 2016, the pair were said to have gone their separate ways - but by 2017 they were flirting with each other on Instagram again. Soon after, they confirmed they were back on with a loved up public appearance. But this wasn’t to last either, and they called things off for the last time on Valentine’s Day in 2018. In an interview with The Sunday Times’ Style magazine, Chloe then hit out at Brooklyn after he posted photos of himself kissing his new girlfriend Lexi Wood. "Break-ups are hard across the board, but when every verified account on Twitter posts something about me I get tagged,” she said. "And every major publication is verified. So anytime they post something about a certain relationship it pops up on my phone, which is how I find out about 90 per cent of things." Asked if she had a message for Brooklyn, Chloe replied: "I want nothing to be said... “I'm not a big fan of PDAs in general. I personally don't want to see people posted all over my phone making out." DON'T MISS...Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PICTURES]Ben Shephard in emotional Tipping Point death announcement [TWITTER]The Chase's Darragh Ennis delights fans as he renames The Beast [NEWS] Brooklyn was then linked to stars including French actress Sonia Ben Ammar, model Sofia Richie, Gillian McKeith's daughter Afton McKeith and Playboy model Lexi. By 2018, he was dating model Hana Cross, but they split up after a turbulent nine months together. Now, he is happily married to actress Nicola, whose father is American billionaire Nelson Peltz. The couple tied the knot in a lavish multi-million pound ceremony in Miami last month, the bride wearing a stunning Valentino gown. Proud parents David and Victoria were seen walking hand in hand ahead of the wedding, where guests included Spice Girls Mels B and C, Snoop Dogg, Eva Longoria, and Venus and Serena Williams. Brooklyn and Nicola even sparked pregnancy rumours with new intimate bedroom snaps. Fuelling pregnancy rumours, Instagram user angelodiazferrer penned: "Just give me them babies," alongside a series of heart face emojis.