Mohamed Salah has committed his future to Liverpool for at least another season after fans were made to sweat over a potential exit. Contract talks have stalled with the Egyptian, as with partner in crime Sadio Mane, who did not exactly go to great lengths to follow Salah's lead. Instead, the Senegalese claims that he will clue Liverpool fans in on his future after the Champions League final on May 28. In a fantastic development for the Reds, Salah eased fans' nerves by committing his future to Anfield until at least the end of next season. His contract runs until 2023, so the risk of losing him for free in a year's time remains in place, but those at the club are hopeful that he will sign a new deal before then. "In my mind, I don't focus on contract at the moment," he said. "I don't want to be selfish. It's about the team, an important week. I want the Champions League again, I want to see Hendo with the trophy in his hand. I am staying next season for sure, that's clear." JUST IN: Barcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka transfer meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star As for Mane, the flying forward could also leave for free at the end of next season. Reports indicate that he would welcome approaches from the likes of Barcelona or Real Madrid this summer, and he did little to quell the rumours with when pressed on whether he would extend his stay. "For sure, it would be special to win [the Champions League] and make it seven [titles]," he said. "And the next question [about my future], I'm going to answer after the Champions League." READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City The statement will spark curiosity over whether the outcome of their upcoming clash against Real Madrid will influence Mane's decision, or whether he has already made up his mind. Lifting Europe's most coveted club trophy may not be a bad way to bow out, and it would complete a superb treble for Jurgen Klopp's side after they scooped up the FA Cup and Carabao Cup earlier in the campaign. It was very nearly a Premier League title too, but Manchester City staged an unlikely late comeback against Aston Villa to deny them a shot at an unprecedented Quadruple. Winning everything else on offer would be testament to the Reds' elite standing this season, however, with both Salah and Mane playing important roles.  Salah has 46 goal contributions in all competitions with one game of the campaign remaining. Mane has not set up the same amount of goals, but still put plenty in the net with 23 of his own. Real Madrid may watch on keenly when he announces his future, having just missed out on Kylian Mbappe in agonising fashion, while Bayern Munich have also been linked as they brace for the potential exit of Robert Lewandowski. The Reds are expected to have strong pulling power this summer, which also goes for retaining their own top players, after their exploits this season and Klopp's decision to extend his contract which will keep him at Anfield until at least 2026. 