Nearly three (2.9) million people with a disability or long term health condition depend on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) to survive. More than 30,000 of them who are deaf or hearing impaired may be due a payout from the DWP worth thousands of pounds. PIP claimants receive up to £627 a month depending on how much their condition affects them and whether they qualify for both the daily living and mobility component. However, thousands could have been receiving less than they were owed a court ruling found in August 2020. After the ruling, the DWP changed how it considers whether someone can wash or bathe safely, as part of the PIP assessment. Now, the DWP is conducting a review of PIP claims made by deaf or hearing impaired people who may be affected by this change - they could be owed up to £5,000 in back payments. READ MORE: Mum explains how she earns extra £200 a day Any backdated payments will only affect claimants receiving the Daily Living component part of a PIP award and not the mobility component. Some 30,801 people in the UK are claiming PIP for 15 types of hearing disorders. The DWP recently told the Daily Record: “We are now looking at PIP claims from deaf or hearing impaired people who may be affected by this change. “This includes reviewing some claims we decided on or after 21 August 2020, including ones where we did not award PIP.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide is offering 2% interest rate and £100 switching deal [UPDATE]Inheritance tax: Grandparents may 'reduce or avoid any liability' [INSIGHT]Pensioner 'flabbergasted' after £20,000 removed from her pension pot [WARNING]     While nearly three million Britons rely on PIP, thousands of other people are missing out. A charity is urging people to consider appealing PIP decisions as more than half of those who do - have the decision overturned at tribunal. On the Citizen’s Advice website it states: “If you feel the decision is wrong, don’t be put off appealing. “You can get help with your appeal from your local Citizens Advice, or a local disability support agency.” How to appeal a PIP decision? People should contact the DWP and ask for an explanation for their decision. People can then ask the DWP for a mandatory reconsideration which is when it looks at the decision again and decides whether to change it. Claimants have a month from the date on the decision letter to ask for Mandatory Reconsideration, which should be done in writing. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea PIP is made up of a daily living component and a mobility part. The PIP rates for 2022 are: Daily living partLower weekly rate - £61.85Higher weekly rate - £92.40. Mobility partLower weekly rate - £24.45Higher weekly rate - £64.50. For more information, people can go to Gov.uk. 