The Prime Minister was in Eastleigh on Wednesday with the Tory MP for the Hampshire seat Paul Holmes. Despite his pleas on Twitter to #VoteConservative, the Lib Dems gained in Eastleigh Central and held Eastleigh North and South. A Liberal Democrat spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We've won all but one seat that was up in Eastleigh. "Boris Johnson was campaigning in Eastleigh on Tuesday. Not magic dust then?"  It has been a difficult night for the Tories as they are projected to lose a number of seats across the country. Wandsworth council, which has been under Conservative control since 1978, fell to Labour, who also took control over the newly created Cumberland authority. Ravi Govindia, the outgoing Tory leader of Wandsworth council, told the BBC: "Consistently on the doorstep the issue of Boris Johnson was raised."  Leader of Carlisle City Council John Mallinson told the BBC: "I think it is not just Partygate, there is the integrity issue. "Basically I just don't feel people any longer have the confidence that the Prime Minister can be relied upon to tell the truth." Mayor of London Sadiq Khan expressed his delight with the Wandsworth result.   READ MORE: Lib Dems blast Boris after celebrating gains against Labour and Tories He tweeted: "The three words we've wanted to hear for so long: WANDSWORTH LABOUR GAIN. "The first Labour council leader of Wandsworth in 44 years...Congratulations @CllrSimonHogg." Elsewhere in London the Tories have lost Barnet and are increasingly concerned about losing Westminster as well. A senior Tory source told the Press Association: "We will lose it." DON'T MISS:Classic F1 tracks like Monaco and Belgium ‘shouldn’t be touched’ [SPORT]Obesity threatens US military readiness for war, research warns [WORLD]Stranger Things actress Natalia Dyer details relationship with co-star [SHOWBIZ]  At time of writing, the Lib Dems had gained the most seats, winning 44 across the country. Labour have won 28 seats so far, while the Tories have lost 99, according to the BBC. Labour are also set to take control of Barnet council for the first time in the borough's history, with incumbent Tory leader Daniel Thomas admitting defeat. He told the Evening Standard his party had lost due to a "perfect storm" of factors that are "more favourable to the Labour party". He added that the Partygate scandal had been an issue with voters. 