Novak Djokovic has described Roger Federer as a violin and Rafael Nadal as an electric guitar or drum as he outlined which musical instrument each star would be. Djokovic, Federer and Nadal have dominated modern tennis, having won a combined 61 Grand Slam titles between them. They are often asked about their thoughts on each other’s tennis attributes, with the debate of who is the sport’s greatest often a hot topic. This time though Djokovic was instead quizzed on which instruments best represented his fellow stars, and the world No. 1 was more than happy to reveal. The first comparison came for 40-year-old Federer, who Djokovic outlined as a ‘violin’, whilst labelling Nadal as an electric guitar or a drum, and himself a saxophone. Per Tennis Majors, he said: “Roger is a violin, I think that everybody would pick that. “For Nadal I need something energetic, so let's say electric guitar or drums. I am a bit of everything, so I would be an orchestra, [he laughed]. No, let's say saxophone, because it goes well with every type of music." The Serbian currently finds himself out in France defending his Roland Garros title. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic gets advantage over Rafael Nadal as French Open schedule confirmed  After blistering his way to four straight set matches, Djokovic finds himself in the quarter-final in a blockbuster tie against Nadal. The pair will face off on Tuesday night, which could well hand the advantage to Djokovic, after his Spanish rival confirmed that he didn’t like the evening session on the Parisian clay. Nadal said: “I don't like night sessions on clay. I say the other day. I am very clear with that. I don't like to play on clay during the night, because humidity is higher, the ball is slower, and can be very heavy conditions especially when it's cold. I think that makes a big difference on the way who played tennis on clay during the night and during the day.” DON'T MISSAlcaraz modelling game on Henman to topple Federer, Nadal and DjokovicFrench Open star's dad caught blowing smoke on court during clashNadal retirement worries heightened with star 'weary' at French Open  Djokovic though will not be taking his quarter-final for granted, and is more than aware of the tough conditions presented at the French Open - especially against the man who has won a remarkable 13 titles. As a result, the world No. 1 believes clinching the title at Roland Garros is the toughest challenge across all four Grand Slams. Per the ATP Tour, he said: “Somehow winning a title here is always probably the hardest of any Slam for me. Last year the second week that I had here was just probably the toughest four matches, toughest seven days I had to win any Slam in my career.”