Princess Beatrice, 33, has had a busy diary of public appearances in recent weeks. Beatrice joined the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Earl and Countess of Wessex and Duke and Duchess of Gloucester at the last of this year's Buckingham Palace Garden Parties on May 25. Prince Andrew's eldest daughter also accompanied the Queen, Prince Edward, Sophie Wessex, Prince Richard and wife Birgitte, and Princess Alexandra and Princess Michael of Kent at the annual Chelsea Flower Show. According to royal experts, the growing number of Beatrice's public appearances also showed she is a “trusted” member of the Firm. Royal biographer Angela Levin, who is set to release a new book titled 'Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, From Outcast to Future Queen Consort', told MailOnline that Beatrice has always been seen as being “reliable” with “good judgement”. She added: “I think [Beatrice] is a trusted member of the royal family and seen as somebody who is sound. JUST IN: Queen's unseen photos: Incredibly candid pictures and films shared for first time “And now she is married and a mother, she is seen as much more confident.” However, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine Ingrid Seward also explained how Beatrice's position has changed. She said: “Princess Beatrice is a lovely person and I imagine she wants to help her grandmother as much as she can. “She has a baby but has a top Norland nanny to take over when necessary. “So I think she enjoys doing royal events with her husband and has the ability and wherewithal to do them.” Beatrice has celebrated some major milestones in recent years. She tied the knot with Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in July 2020 as the couple held a scaled-back Covid-secure ceremony at the Royal Chapel of All Saints. Beatrice also became a mother in September 2021 after the Princess and Edoardo welcomed a daughter. DON'T MISSGB News: Samantha Markle gives update on father’s stroke [VIDEO]Royal Family: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'has a decision to make' over meeting ailing dad [ANALYSIS] Writing about the birth at the time, the Royal Family said: “Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice and Mr Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi are delighted to announce the safe arrival of their daughter on Saturday 18th September 2021, at 23.42, at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, London.” They added: “The new baby’s grandparents and great-grandparents have all been informed and are delighted with the news. “The family would like to thank all the staff at the hospital for their wonderful care. “Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well, and the couple are looking forward to introducing their daughter to her big brother Christopher Woolf.”