A frustrated driver has revealed how they were reportedly unfairly treated by the parking company NCP. The motorist claimed that they bought a parking space for four days at Stansted Mountfitchet station but were fined anyway. Writing in an email to The Telegraph’s consumer champions the driver said that they park their car at the NCP car park at Stansted Mountfitchet station every weekday morning. This is because they have to catch a train to work. The unlucky car owner added that they usually buy their parking tickets on the PayByPhone app days, weeks, and even months in advance. The motorist told The Telegraph: “Last month I bought four days’ parking in advance, but when I got to the station at around 8:40am on April 20 I found all the spaces in the car park were full. READ MORE: Drivers could face a £1,000 fine for flashing lights at other cars “My train, which I desperately needed to catch, was departing in five minutes. “So I parked next to a painted bay, making great efforts to ensure I wasn’t blocking access for anyone else.” Unfortunately for the driver, they were in for a nasty surprise two days later. The parking company issued the car owner with a parking charge penalty notice of £60. DON'T MISS Used EVs are now selling as fast as petrol and diesel cars [REVEAL] Hidden features of the Queen’s £10million car [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of common mistakes that could land them with huge fines [WARNING] The frustrated motorist decided to appeal but without any success. The driver added: “What annoys me is that it turns out that NCP continues to sell tickets for the car park even when it knows all the spaces have already been taken. “This is grossly unfair. “NCP is selling tickets for a service it knows it is unable to fulfill. “It has accused me of breaching its terms and conditions, but in practice, I had no other option than to park my car where I safely could on that morning and get on the train.” Express.co.uk has reached out to NCP for comment. The news comes just after an electric vehicle owner received a big fine after he waited in a queue to charge his car at a motorway service station. Richard Stewart, 64, was handed a £100 fine after he waited in a queue to charge his Jaguar I-PACE. The pest control company boss waited for almost an hour to charge his vehicle as all the available chargers were occupied by fellow motorists. Mr Stewart told The Sun that he chose to wait because he was picking up his wife, who is a key worker, from a nearby hospital after she supervised a specialist clinic. After returning from a coffee break, which lasted for 50 minutes due to the unavailability of chargers, the 64-year-old finally plugged his car in. It then took him 70 minutes to charge his motor before driving off to collect his wife. Unfortunately for Mr Stewart, he was in for a nasty surprise a few days later. The Jaguar driver received a parking fine for breaking the two-hour stay limit at the service station. Mr Stewart’s charging ordeal took him 20 minutes over the allowed stay. He appealed the fine and was successful.