Nicola Sturgeon has persisted in demands for another independence referendum for Scotland despite an apparent lack of support from the Scottish people. A recent opinion poll of Scottish voters suggested only one-third supported the SNP’s persistent calls for independence. The First Minister of Scotland promised a further independence referendum would be delivered to the Scottish people following the end of the Covid pandemic.   Radio 4 presenter Martha Kearney challenged the SNP leader with polling evidence that Scotland does not thoroughly support her insistence on an additional referendum. Ms Kearney explained: “Holding another independence referendum by the end of 2023, that’s stressed in your election manifesto for these elections - does success mean greater determination to push a referendum through?” Ms Sturgeon responded: “Not really, because I’m pretty determined to do that.” "The language you used there was a bit pejorative ‘push it through.’ “I stood for reelection as First Minister this time last year on the proposition that I would seek to have an independence referendum within the first half of this parliamentary term.”    Reflecting on the most recent election, Ms Sturgeon said: “Of course, my party back then won a historically high share of the votes. "What we seek to do is implement and exercise that democratic mandate.” Ms Kearney challenged the SNP leader: “Well no, the most recent opinion poll did say that only a third of voters support the idea - that’s according to a poll out at the beginning of April. Ms Sturgeon deflected the suggestions of the broadcaster: “You’ll find different findings and opinion polls depending on exactly how that question is framed. Read more: SNP cost Scots £270m with MUP policy  “Of course, if there’s doubt about what people think about independence, then surely the democratic way to decide that is in a referendum.” Ms Sturgeon was adamant Scotland should still face another referendum despite the polling evidence that her policy lacked Scottish support. She added: “The point I was going to finish there is that it is about giving people a democratic choice. “I support independence, I always have done. Don't miss:Energy bill fury: SNP blames BREXIT for crisis and calls to rejoin EU [REVEAL]Scottish independence polls: Seats to watch in Scotland on May 5 [INSIGHT]Sturgeon's minister ridiculed over £31M census botch-up [REPORT] “I think it would be best for Scotland and also include the best way for Scotland to exercise constructive influence internationally as well." She continued: “Ultimately it is for people in Scotland to decide.” According to polling data collected by the Economist, only one-third of Scottish people want another referendum. The SNP’s campaign for Scottish independence suffered a chronic defeat in the 2014 referendum for independence in which 55 percent of Scots voted to remain within the United Kingdom.   