Netflix’s highly acclaimed crime series Ozark came to an end last month with its fourth and final instalment, which left fans with a mixed reaction. After rewatching the explosive finale, one fan believed Wendy Byrde (played by Laura Linney) died in the car crash and took to Reddit to expose the meaning of the finale.  Throughout season four, Wendy and her husband Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) were focused on leaving the cartel and returning back to their normal lives. However, this didn’t come without major hurdles which included the near-death of the couple and their two children. Viewers were left in shock when a semi-truck almost wiped out the entire Byrde family after it was driving in the wrong lane. Marty, who was driving, steered off the road which resulted in the car flipping upside down.  READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Although everyone was able to get out through the windows completely unscathed, one viewer was convinced Wendy had died. Taking to Reddit with a lengthy reason, user omofth3rdeye wrote the couple were ”reminiscing before the crash” this suggested “reminiscing=death”. After taking note of where the accident happened the fan added: “Crash scene shows a budding tree by the wreck. “A flowering tree represents the cycle of life and death, the flowers represent life but their short bloom time represents death and growth.”  During season four, the Byrdes also worked closely with the Cartel leader’s priest, which was another clue the viewer noticed. Highlighting their interaction, the user shared how Wendy was in denial when the priest told her “It's not healthy to be around so much death,” to which she responded: “We are all perfectly ok.” As the Preacher stated: “You’re lying to yourself,” the fan added, “No one had died in any of the previous scenes and I find it strange that he said this.” They continued: “Notice before the car crash Wendy and Marty are talking about unconditional love and all the stuff they have been through, this helps foreshadow her death in the car crash.”  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [INSIGHT]Ozark: How did Nelson star feel about his death scene? [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to police [INSIGHT] During the final meeting at the crematorium, the eagle-eyed viewer noted: “We do not see Marty or Wendy enter the crematorium. Wendy does not say a single line in this scene and is just standing there like a ghost.” At the party, Wendy said “I'm scared I'll lose you,” to which omofth3rdeye stated: “This also doesn't make sense without the context of death. “They were just reminiscing about unconditional love and all the BS they have been through. She knows Marty isn't going to leave, she fears the detachment from her family due to death.”  A number of other fans also agreed with the claim Wendy had died and shared their own opinion. JenJennJeniffer added: “I also thought it was super weird they only left with bruises after their car did a whole 360.” Joeythelip46 said: “I agree, thought on first viewing that Wendy died in the car crash and everything after that was an idealised version of how she wanted it to play out.” However, MadMax_08 wrote: “I've seen a lot of people saying this, I think this is an overreaching take, I think it was more so a symbol of her being born again. “Mostly because she's a whiny b***h and didn't stop until she got everything she wanted, but because of that inner satisfaction, she seemed finally at peace and empathetic, and normal again.” Ozark is available on Netflix 