He visited every burglary scene and made preliminary enquiries. The burglary was then allocated to a detective covering that area. We identified local criminals and talked to neighbours, all of which ensured we had a good clear-up rate. All this has been replaced by "modernisers" who think that the bobby on the beat is a waste of resources. There is no substitute for good old-fashioned police work, though I doubt if we will ever see it again. ---------- I was horrified when I read this, says David Mitchell, from Lytchett Matravers, Dorset. I am looking forward to the jubilee celebrations for our beloved Queen and want no one to spoil it for her, as this pair surely will. With regards to the Queen's security, I think this will be handled by the Royal Family without any help from Prince Harry. ---------- It must be very confusing for people struggling to cope with soaring bills when they read Prime Minister Boris Johnson's announcement that we are sending more money to Ukraine, says Paul Marston, from Walsall, West Midlands. Most of us agree with help for that country but it will be of little comfort for 77-year-old Elsie, who can only eat one meal a day and spends hours on buses to stay warm. Boris should act now to help Elsie and thousands like her. The PM needs to shake that money tree a little closer to home. ---------- Is it not time to come down hard on these criminals as another one gets a smack on the wrist? Yes he was jailed for four years but this idiot and others of his ilk should be made to pay compensation for their crimes, says Eric Page, from Wakefield. He caused £80,000 in damage to both vehicles and £585,000 in lost revenue. If they spent the rest of their miserable lives paying for it they might think twice. --------- Regarding the cost of travel insurance after cancer treatment, in 2018 I had a four-week stay in Canada, just over a year after finishing treatment, says Melanie Wright, from Lowestoft, Suffolk. Online firms were quoting up to £600. So I phoned a broker who found a level of cover for a fraction of that - and with a company who had quoted me a higher rate online. ------------