PIP is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which is available to those who have specific health conditions or disabilities. If a claimant of this benefit were to receive the largest possible amount available, they could get over £156 a week. The DWP has recently raised the payment rates for various benefit payments, including the state pension and its disability payments. Among the disability payments which were affected were PIP, Attendance Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Child Disability Living Allowance. The increase matched the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation from last year, which means payments went up by 3.1 percent. Claimants of PIP - which is paid at a higher and lower weekly rate across its two available components - saw a rise to their payments. For the daily living component of the disability benefit, the lower weekly rate was raised to £61.85 and the higher rate went up to £94.40. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years In comparison, PIP’s mobility component saw an increase to £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. If someone were to be in receipt of the higher weekly rates of both components, a PIP claimant would receive £156.90. How much someone gets from PIP is dependant on the “severity” of their health condition or disability. Overall, there are 19 health conditions which allow people to qualify for PIP. These include: Recently, the UK Government has made a conscious effort to advertise its various disability benefit payments, including PIP. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, outlined the importance of people applying for support if they have a qualifying health condition. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Anyone who is interested in receiving this support can visit their local DWP for more information or call the PIP helpline at 0800 121 4433. Those who apply for PIP will need to share personal details about how their health condition affects them on a regular basis. Once having successfully received PIP, claimants must update the DWP if their health condition worsens or gets better as that could affect how much they get.