Monaco boss Philippe Clement has dropped his biggest hint yet that Aurelien Tchouameni is looking to leave this summer with Liverpool in the hunt to sign the midfielder. The Reds ended their long season with a heartbreaking defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League final at the weekend. Jurgen Klopp had to utilise his full squad depth throughout the campaign with Liverpool playing 63 games. It was in midfield where Klopp made the most changes with numerous players picking up injuries. Thiago Alcantara, Fabinho, Jordan Henderson and Naby Keita were the first choice options when fit. Curtis Jones, James Milner and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain were also utilised at times but reports indicate Liverpool want to bolster their options. Tchouameni has been touted as a top target, although Real Madrid are also in the hunt for the midfielder. The 22-year-old has earned rave reviews for his performances at Monaco this season. JUST IN: Liverpool's Mane rethink as replacement target 'close' to Chelsea move  But the Ligue 1 side won't let him go for cheap with the French side reportedly wanting around £60million. Monaco boss Clement has now spoken out on Tchouameni's future and has hinted that the Frenchman is looking to move on. He told RMC Sport: “I spoke with Aurelien, of course, as with all my players. I know his ideas, they are good. DON'T MISS  “He’s ambitious, but he’ll leave here only if there’s a big opportunity at a big club. It’s normal. He is very happy to be here. We’ll see in the next few weeks.” While a midfielder is reportedly a priority for Liverpool, signing another forward may also be on the agenda. Sadio Mane has reportedly indicated that he plans to leave this summer after six years at the club. The Senegal international is out of contract in 2023, but it appears as though Liverpool won't stand in his way this summer if their valuation is met. Bayern Munich are the early frontrunners to sign Mane, but Liverpool will want the Bundesliga outfit to meet their asking price.