Idris Elba, 49, made his directing debut in the film adaptation of novel Yardie in 2016. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, CeCe Sammy, 44, spoke about her time working as a vocal coach on the movie and praised the award-winning actor for his treatment of his fellow cast and crew on the film set. Yardie was the debut novel of Jamaican-born British writer Victor Headley, and was described as the "publishing story of 1992" when it was released. CeCe recalled working on the 2016 adaptation exclusively to Express.co.uk, when she was asked if she had any favourite celebrities that she has worked with. She said: "Everyone asks me that and I don’t and I mean that from the bottom of my heart. "One person I thoroughly enjoyed working with was Idris Elba and he is more than an actor. READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show "Yes, he’s an actor but when he first sort of directed a role for his film Yardie, it was phenomenal to watch him because I worked on the movie with him. "Just to watch how he brought his whole team together and all the actors on that shoot," she added. CeCe then revealed a specific event where Idris praised her in front of everyone else on set. She recalled: "He brought us all together and I remember when I finished on the day because I had to leave. "He stopped everyone and he said ‘Everyone put your hands together. Thank you so much CeCe’. "He didn’t have to do that at all you know because he’s the star. He takes appreciation for everyone, no matter what role they have. "He also saw the importance of the teaching role, so that was wonderful," she gushed. Speaking about the film at the time to Digital Spy, Idris said: "It's actually a smaller capsule story within the story of Yardie. "It's about a boy who comes from Jamaica and finds himself in London, being a naughty boy. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury shares 'admiration' for Deborah James amid cancer fight [INSIGHT] Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICS] Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner [COMMENT] "You're going to see a muscular, dynamic and heartfelt film that means something to people. "I want people to come out of the film and say 'Hmm, I feel like going to Jamaica now!' That's the idea." The film starred Aml Ameen, Shantol Jackson and Stephen Graham. CeCe is currently promoting her latest venture Hack Your Voice, which is a set of online masterclasses where she teaches viewers how to train their voice. Speaking about the project, she said: "Our voices are so important as they are one of our most important tools that we’ve got. "I got the idea during lockdown as I spoke to a lot of other people in the industry as well as people from universities and secondary schools where they were saying that they find it really hard to relate to people when they’re not seeing them. "I had a full ruptured brain aneurysm four months after I had my daughter, and I could not speak or work. "So I had to learn to speak again and it was the exercises that were so important." ‘Hack Your Voice’ is a series of online Masterclasses, teaching us to train our voice effectively, for success in different situations. Whether that be for impressing someone on a first date or standing out in a job interview, there is a Masterclass to help. CeCe acknowledges that we take our voice for granted and that we must always put it front and centre, as it's one of our most important communication tools! www.cecesammylightfoot.com