The Queen, 96, returned in person to the Royal Horticultural Society's (RHS) Chelsea Flower Show on Monday. The visit marked the monarch's first to the annual floral show since 2019 due to Covid disruption, and she looked delighted to tour the grounds in a new royal golf buggy. Buckingham Palace has confirmed the vehicle, which was built by Danish firm Garia, was a Royal Household buggy. The Queen had taken delivery of the new £62,000 luxury golf buggy in March, which has a lithium battery, leather seats and bluetooth speakers, according to The Sun. On only a few occasions in the past has the Queen publicly been pictured using a buggy for transportation, but it may be that the new Royal Household buggy makes more public appearances over the coming years. A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said: "Adjustments have been made for the Queen's comfort."  READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear Earlier this month, the Queen delegated royal duties to her son and heir Prince Charles for the State Opening of Parliament. A statement from Buckingham Palace confirmed the Queen "continues to experience episodic mobility problems" and would therefore have to cancel her appearance. "Episodic mobility problems" isn't a medical diagnosis in itself, but the term suggests the Queen can move about easily sometimes and at other times it is more difficult.  The Cambridge Dictionary defines 'episodic' as: "Happening only sometimes and not regularly." The Queen's issues with her health first came to the fore in October 2021, when it emerged the monarch had spent a night in hospital. Shortly before then, the Queen was pictured using a cane for the first time since 2003 and 2004 while she was recovering from a knee operation, which suggested she was experiencing some issues with mobility. The Queen later cancelled her appearances at key events like the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow and the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph.  DON'T MISS:Royal etiquette: Bizarre dining traditions Royal Family must follow [ANALYSIS]The best pictures of the Queen at the Chelsea Flower Show [PICTURES]Platinum Jubilee quiz questions and answers - test your knowledge [INSIGHT] While the Queen has continued with her duties as monarch, she has kept to a largely virtual diary of engagements and her public appearances have been minimal. But the public has been treated to the monarch's presence at high-profile fixtures in recent weeks as the Platinum Jubilee four-day weekend rapidly approaches. The Queen delighted royal fans with her overjoyed expressions at the Royal Windsor Horse Show earlier this month. The Queen's appearance at the Chelsea Flower Show this week has also pleased the public, as many hoped the monarch would return to the show in all its botanical glory this year. With the Platinum Jubilee celebrations due to take place between June 2 and June 5, many will be hoping the Queen will attend at least some of the major events, including Trooping the Colour. 