Last week it was confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be making a rare return trip to British soil to attend celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. A spokesperson for the couple said Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, were “excited and honoured” to attend. The couple will be joined by their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turns one in June. The occasion will mark the first time the Sussexes have visited the UK with their two children since quitting royal duties in 2020. During Harry and Meghan’s Oprah Winfrey interview last year, Harry claimed his brother was "trapped" within the royal system and also lifted the lid on their fraught relationship. The Sussexes will join other members of the Royal Family for celebrations, and the Duke of Cambridge is said to want to try to heal the rift with his brother. However, William has fears that any interaction between them could be used for an ulterior purpose – namely for his Netflix deal, another Oprah interview or Harry’s memoir due to be published in the Autumn. A source told the Sun: “William wants to talk to Harry to try to heal the rift between them but he’s fearful it will find its way onto Netflix, Oprah or into Harry’s upcoming book.” GB News’ Colin Brazier reacted to the claims and took to Twitter to write: “Understandably, distrust of Harry seems to have hit a new low. “If his brother really feels that even a family gathering will become ammunition for the next Sussex salvo via Netflix, then it might be better to strike his name from the guest list permanently.” READ MORE: Kate and William to issue 'special message' Royal biographer Angela Levin also chimed in on the debate, claiming Harry “can't be trusted”. She claims that the streaming service Netflix and other US channels will “want grievances” to feature in any planned content. She also warned that the Duke “should be struck off” but added that the monarch would not sever ties with her grandson. She tweeted: “He can't be trusted. Netflix and other US channels want grievances. “If the Queen is not up to it, he will take it as a snub. “He will complain if other royals spend time and if they don't and reveal what they say. DON'T MISS Ann Widdecombe in explosive clash over Royal reparations on GB News [INSIGHT] Prince Harry struggled with 'damaging' label since childhood [REVEAL] Prince William’s baby Earthshot Prize wins BAFTA [REPORT] “He should be struck off but the Queen loves him.” Royal fans rushed to the defence of Meghan and Harry though, pointing out that a trip to the UK would be a good opportunity to reunite the Sussexes with their royal relatives. Others pointed out that the trip provides the opportunity for the Queen to see her great-grandchild Archie again, and also meet Lilibet – who was born in a Santa Barbara hospital last June – for the first time. These include a user called 'Lady Statuesque' who wrote: “I can’t wait to see pics of the children. It’s her last jubilee so I hope as a family there’s nothing but love. "At the end of the day, all the formalities mean nothing. The kids get to be [with] their great grandmother and that is a gift for them as well as her!" While Lesley Evans wrote: “96 yr old Woman invites grandson and wife who recently left family firm, to be part of celebrations with rest of family. A joyful occasion and hopefully a chance to heal a falling out with brother and father firmly invested in the firm.” Marian Owens chimed in to add: “I love it. The Queen’s time is limited and they have every right to be there.” While more one, user ‘Mrs_K_Suleiman’ gushed: “Lili’s first flight I bet! She will see her great grandmother”.