The late Diana, Princess of Wales joined the British Royal Family in July 1981. During her time within the Royal Family, she became a working member of the royal institution. Diana left the Royal Family in 1996 when she and Prince Charles filed for divorce but unlike Meghan Markle, she left the institution because of the breakdown of her marriage. Royal expert Tina Brown called Diana a "change agent from within" and exposed this as a lesson that Meghan failed to learn from her late mother-in-law. Speaking to Lorraine, Ms Brown said: "For 16, 17 years, Diana worked like a dog inside the Royal Family. She noted that the late Princess did a "great deal of very humdrum assignments, essentially" during her royal life. She added: "It was her incredible charisma that she bought to that job that made her so extraordinarily special. "Diana was always a change agent from within". READ MORE: 'Was just anathema' Meghan 'didn't understand point' of royal tradition, expert claims The royal author, whose book The Palace Papers is available now, said: "She didn't leave the Royal Family because she said I'm out, she got divorced. "Her husband [Prince Charles] wasn't in love with her, that was the major problem for Diana". Ms Brown continued: "That was the kind of agony for her. "She made the greatest thing she could out of it [the divorce]. "She took that suffering and turned it into her remarkable work that she did, which was really real and important. READ MORE: Kate and William's next joint engagement confirmed as Cambridges face heartbreaking trip She concluded that post-royal life, Diana became "much more global". Ms Brown stated that this was not only "because she wanted to be" but because "she couldn't really be anything but that, because she was no longer part of the royals". Both Meghan and Diana entered royal life as non-royals. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Speaking around the time of Meghan's wedding to Harry, Andrew Morton, the author of Meghan: A Hollywood Princess, said that Meghan will "pick up the baton dropped by Diana". He added that, coincidentally, Meghan married Prince Harry at 36, which is the same age the late Princess Diana died. Mr Morton, previously stated that "Meghan and Diana were independent humanitarians with a vision". The Duchess of Sussex remained involved with her patronages after departing the Royal Family but is now believed to have stepped down from all of her assigned charities.