Homes Under the Hammer host Martel Maxwell was confused at the layout of the property when she showed viewers before it was sold at auction. The property, located in Grove Park, South West London, was described as a three-bed maisonette which had a guide price of £270,000. Entering the property, Martel said: “Upstairs, I can see that so much has been removed already. “You’re down to the floorboards, wallpaper’s falling off, could do with a re-plaster. The home was extremely dated too, with an old-fashioned bathroom and kitchen. “A ladder sticks out too, I wonder if that’s the only way up to the loft.” Martel said the first bedroom was “oddly-shaped”, while the kitchen was “really really poky” for the size of the maisonette. The loft space was also “huge”, enough for a one-bedroom flat according to Martel. The maisonette also came with a huge private garden, a luxury for a home situated in London. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ A local property expert said: “Not many properties come up on this road, so it’s a well sought-after area. “I think once this property is re-renovated, it should achieve around £475,000 to £485,000. “If the owner added two new bedrooms in the attic, it should achieve around £535,000.” With a guide price of £270,000, how much did the property sell for when it went to auction? Darren and his business partner, also called Darren, bought the maisonette for a huge £400,000, who were looking to give the place a renovation. The duo seemed confident they could stick to their £80,000 budget, with a timescale of around 20 weeks. DON'T MISS:How to ‘protect’ your garden from foxes without causing harm - tips [COMMENT]Monty Don shares ‘classic symptoms’ of an ‘overwatered’ houseplant [EXPLAINER]‘Take action now’ to keep grass in ‘tip top condition’ all summer [EXPERT] They also had plans to create two separate flats, depending on planning permission. Plans were also made to sell the property after the renovation had been completed. Eighteen months later, viewers got to see the property’s incredible transformation. Darren and Darren managed to get planning permission to turn the loft into its own flat, with a stylish one bedroom, one bathroom space. The living area had lots of natural light flowing in, with skylights providing light all round the flat. However, the project wasn’t easy for the business partners. One of the Darren’s said: “When we got all the architects and structural engineers, it was a lot more work than we imagined. “We had to put 16, 17 steels in there, which went through a little window at the top. We had to get a crane in. It was very hard for getting it done, and a lot more work than what we expected to tell you the truth.” The other Darren explained: “I thought we might have bought a bit of a lemon here, and, given it was our first joint project, I was fearing the worst at one point but fortunately we were able to work our way through those problems.” Downstairs in the maisonette, the guys removed the former third bedroom and kitchen, and incorporated the space into a huge open-plan living room and kitchen. The two other bedrooms remained the same in size, with a full re-plastering, new windows and a fresh carpet put in place as well as a fresh paint. They even managed to fit a shower room en-suite in the bigger of the two. The new bathroom was fitted with a contemporary style suite. However, the couple did end up going over budget, spending a huge £116,000 on the project. Local estate agent Viv came back to view the flat after it had been transformed, He said he was “really amazed” at the fact there were now two properties. He added: “The standard is absolutely spot on, very high, ultramodern, very good standard.” Viv said he thinks the two-bedroom flat could sell for as much as £425,000. The estate agent said the resale value for the one-bedroom flat in the loft could sell for as much as £325,000. Both Darren’s were really happy with the price. After spending extra money on auction fees, the guys ended spending a total of £547,000 in total on the property. The valuations from the estate agent would now see both of the properties worth a potential £750,000. This could give the Darren’s a profit of just over £200,000.