The first season of the hit new HBO Max series delved deep into the past of troubled stewardess Cassie Bowden (played by Kaley Cuoco) as she struggled to come to terms with her relationship with her abusive father, Hank (Jason Jones). Thankfully, the actress who portrays her younger self in the first and second seasons of The Flight Attendant had a much better time on set. Young actress Audrey has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about her breakout role as Cassie’s teenage self. Over in the States, Audrey has been impressing viewers with her meatier role as she contends with older Cassie in her hallucinations. Fans in the UK will have to wait just a little longer to see The Flight Attendant’s wildly unpredictable second take-off. In the meantime, Audrey has reflected on her time spent shooting the first season, which became a runaway hit for HBO when it premiered in 2020. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue “He was really amazing to work with,” she recalled of working opposite Jason. “He’s a really great actor, really funny, too. He reminds me of a real Dad.” For Cassie’s abusive father Hank, the Steve Yockey-developed series opted for the unconventional casting choice of Canadian comedian Jason. Previously known as a correspondent for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, he later became a regular comedic presence in series such as How I Met Your Mother and films such as the Pitch Perfect series. He also developed the TBS road trip sitcom The Detour with his wife, Samantha Bee. However, in HBO’s hard-hitting thriller series, Jason took on a much more dramatic role as Cassie’s father, who introduces her to alcohol at an early age. Throughout their childhood, he constantly belittles Cassie’s brother, Davey (TR Knight/Owen Asztalos), which scars their relationship well into adulthood. Thankfully, the atmosphere for the young actors on set was much more pleasant than some of the uncomfortable and traumatic scenes glimpsed throughout the first season. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [LATEST]Why Sally Rooney 'wasn't as involved' in Normal People follow-up [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [UPDATE] UK viewers only have a week before they’re able to catch up with Cassie a year later after solving the murder of her one-night stand, Alex Sokolov (Michiel Huisman). The trailers have already previewed another madcap thriller in which the titular flight attendant takes on a new role as a human asset for the CIA to solve their toughest airborne cases. Before season two drops on Sky, Audrey has teased an even more impactful role for Cassie’s younger self as her mental state starts to unravel yet again. “This season, young Cassie is more antagonising towards Cassie,” she revealed. “She’s making things a little more difficult for her. Definitely more in her mind palace as well.” “I think I’m definitely getting in her head a bit. It was very fun this season because it was a lot different from last season. “It also helps that the flashbacks mean we’re together always, which you don’t get a lot with younger, flashback characters. “It was very helpful to be able to watch her act. I get to watch her scenes before mine and I can emulate her character and mannerisms.” A former lead star of The Big Bang Theory, Kaley’s first major dramatic role has already proved a resounding success, with Audrey providing a youthful contrast to the chaos of Cassie’s whirlwind murder mystery adventures. The Flight Attendant season 2 continues Thursdays on HBO Max in the USA and premieres Thursday, May 26 on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.