Mattresses and sofas aren't the easiest items of furniture to clean. However, they are some of the most used in the home, and therefore they can accumulate all manner of unsightly stains and unwanted smells. Soaking large furniture items with soapy water can run the risk of mould building up inside, and you can't exactly chuck them in the washing machine. However, there are some ways you can combat smells without heavily dousing your furniture in liquid. Posting to a dedicated Reddit forum, an anonymous user shared their favourite homemade mixture which can be spritzed over "mattresses, sofas and chairs" to eliminate odours. The user said: "Plain vodka with a couple of drops of essential oils in a spray bottle is extremely effective at removing bad smells. READ MORE: Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time' "I use it on mattresses, couches, chairs, anything you can't put in the washer." Vodka works well as an odour eliminator due to the high alcohol content. The alcohol works in a similar way to hand sanitiser gels by killing odour-causing bacteria. As the vodka evaporates so does the stench. According to experts from Home Steady, vodka is also a great replacement for cleaning products packed with chemicals. DON'T MISSEasy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillar [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer triples house price by spending just £9k [INSIGHT]House prices 'could soon reverse' says expert following latest drop [INTERVIEW] Begin by mixing one part vodka with three parts water in a spray bottle. The measurements do not need to be exact and may work well even with a stronger concentration of vodka. Next, add a few drops of your favourite essential oil to the mix. Secure the lid and shake to mix the solution fully. You can test out your spray by spritzing it into the air and smelling it to decide whether you need more essential oils. Before getting to work on your furniture, be sure to test the spray on an inconspicuous part of the fabric. According to experts from Home Steady: "Generally, if the fabric is washable or can be wiped with water without staining, it should hold up to alcohol as well." Then, simply spritz over the affected area to refresh.