  Piers Morgan, 57, claimed the attack on comedian Dave Chapelle was “political” on his TalkTV show tonight. Videos showed Dave, 48, being tackled on stage during a comedy gig yesterday and the man responsible has since been arrested and charged with assault.      On his new show Uncensored this evening, Piers spoke about how it was a “dangerous time for comedians”. He also suggested that the attack was to do with the so-called “woke wastrels” that he hit out at earlier in the show. Piers told his viewers: “The deeply troubling thing about the attack on Dave Chapelle is it seems to have been political. “We don’t yet know the exact motives for the attack," he continued. READ MORE: Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39     “But we do know that Chapelle’s been threatened repeatedly for his supposedly controversial jokes. “He’s had a long and successful career dissecting issues like race and sexual politics in America. “But his biggest fearless comedy takedowns of the more extreme trans activists on his recent Netflix specials that have made him a target for threats and violence that have left him fearing for his family’s safety.” Piers’ reference to Dave’s jokes about “trans activists” and later to the dispute over his Netflix show come after the comedian faced backlash for the comments he made about the transgender community.      In October, LGBTQ advocates implored Netflix to remove Dave’s latest special, The Closer, from their catalog because it reportedly featured incendiary jokes about transgender women. The motive for the attack on Dave is currently unknown and no “political” links have been suggested by the authorities at the present time. Yesterday, clips on social media showed the comedian being assaulted on stage. He was performing a set at the Netflix Is A Joke Festival, located at the Hollywood Bowl, when the incident occured.  READ MORE... Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [UPDATE] Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [NEWS] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]     While Dave was unharmed, the suspect has since been taken to a local hospital for medical treatment. The man was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon following the assault. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said: “The suspect pointed a replica handgun that contained a knife blade at Chappelle.” She stated: “A famous comedian was performing at the Hollywood Bowl and when he finished his act a male jumped on to the stage and tackled the celebrity.      “The suspect produced a replica handgun and pointed the item at the victim. “He was taken into custody and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.” The LAPD identified the suspect as 23-year-old Isaiah Lee, who is being held in jail and has been charged with assault. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.  