Garden weeds left to grow can make a garden look weathered and unkempt. Now, experts at Safer® Brand, a leading supplier of organic compliant products that target pests, diseases and more, have shared how to make a “natural weed killer” from household products. The experts said: “Pulling weeds one by one is usually the task gardeners hate most but there are other ways to get rid of those pesky plants. “Perhaps you're considering using a common weed killer. “But those contain harmful chemicals to travel through the soil to other plants. “They can even stay in your soil for as long as a year. “These synthetic chemicals are also dangerous to use around pets and kids.  READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’  “For those who don't want to use a chemical weed killer, there are better and safer options to get a weed free lawn and garden.” The experts recommended using a solution of white vinegar, washing up liquid and water. “A natural weed killer can be found right in your kitchen,” they said. Using a spray bottle, combine two parts white distilled vinegar, one part water and a few drops of dish soap.  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] Make sure to spray the solution on the weed in the morning on a dry, hot day. Gardeners should “be careful” where they spray the solution though, warned the experts. They added: “This DIY solution will kill most plants it touches.” Another DIY weed killer gardeners can use is salt. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mix three tablespoons of table salt with enough warm water to liquify the soliton. Salt kills weeds by causing them to become dehydrated. The salt can also make the soil barren so it should only be used in areas where there is no vegetation. Some examples of where the salt weed killer can be used are on pathways, stoney patios and driveways.  Boilng hot water is another way to remove weeds. The experts at Safer® Brand said this method works “best for young weeds” that aren’t hardy enough to withstand boiling water. Other ways gardeners can keep weeds under control is by keeping pH levels balanced in the garden and not mowing grass too low. A densely planted garden lawn can repress any weeds.