Mimi Luzon has worked for 30 years as a skin well-being expert and celebrity aesthetician. She is model Bella Hadid's facialist, specialising in smooth, healthy, radiant skin at any age. Fans of her products include models Irina Shayk, Kaia Gerber, and Madison Headrick, and British influencer Emma Louise Connolly. She spoke with Express.co.uk about the importance of face yoga and facial massage for anti-aging. What is face yoga? Face yoga involves massaging and moving the face in a way that stimulates the muscles in the face and draws blood into the skin. This has a number of effects. Relaxing the muscles help the face looks smoother and prevent you from frowning or pulling stress expressions so much, as well as relieves headaches. Building up the muscles can also be effective for improving the structure of the face, making you look younger. READ MORE: The cost of beauty: How to avoid looking fake or 'really bad side effects' like blindness Why should you do face yoga? As well as the listed benefits above, Mimi said: "Facial massage for five minutes a day gives you five minutes of self care that is really important to everyone. "It is also hydrating and nourishing according to the cream or oil you use." Mimi uses her 24K Super Brilliant Oil for face massages. How often should you do face yoga? "I recommend doing a face massage for three to five minutes daily," Mimi said. "It's easy to find a few minutes to do this even if your schedule is busy, and it can have a relaxing, meditative effect to de-stress you. DON'T MISSInfluencer Molly-Mae has a 'full beard' after beauty treatment [WARNING] 'The results look so good': How to wash curly hair [VIRAL] 'Gorgeous glowing skin': Kate Middleton skin secrets [EXPERT] What is Mimi's favourite face yoga technique? The expert has one move she suggests above others to Express readers, for a number of reasons. She said: "I like the effleurage massage movement. It's relaxing and irons out the skin. "It's also easy to do even if you are not a professional." How to do the effleurage massage movement Effleurage uses light friction in stroking movements with a flat hand or fingers. To try this move, apply oil to your face. Then stroke your skin upwards with your fingers in a slow rhythmic way. Work from the jaw up to the forehead. The movement should be gentle, not painful. Be careful not to pull or tug the skin. A British mum recently shared an anti-aging food recipe she claims makes her skin "youthful and firm". British mum Jessica Shand is a naturopathic nutrition specialist and the founder of @eatnourishandglow. The mum-of-one shared how her recipe for chicken bone broth is "one of the most nourishing and vitamin-rich meals you can feed your skin to encourage collagen production and therefore promote a youthful glow as you age." Bone broth is made by simmering meaty joints and bones for a long time to release the proteins.