Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Secretary George Eustice was invited onto GMB to discuss the Partygate report by Sue Gray that is expected to be released imminently. Eustice argued there were more “important things the Government is trying to grapple with” and many viewers agreed with him. Reid began: “Your colleague senior Tory Mark Harper said yesterday, ‘I’m fed up with my colleagues who are being asked to go out and go on TV and saying things that are frankly ridiculous and defending the indefensible. “’Not being straight with people is a real problem and that’s why I told the Prime Minister he’s not worthy of his office and should go.’” “Do you feel like you’re defending the indefensible?” Eustice replied: “Look, everyone in government from the Prime Minister down absolutely recognises the anger that many people will feel when they fixed penalty notices being issued when they see photographs that have been published in the last couple of days and perhaps more to be published in that final Sue Gray report.” Read more: Richard Madeley shuts down George Eustice in GMB Partygate row “Absolutely everybody understands that but for me, as a cabinet minister there are also important things the Government is trying to grapple with,” he continued. “Getting our country back on its feet after the pandemic, dealing with the rising cost of living pressures on people, dealing with the situation in Ukraine and many other events that we have to turn our attention to.” GMB viewers appeared to agree with Eustice and slammed the ITV presenters for quizzing the Tory MP on Partygate. Toni Spencer argued: “He’s right there are more important things going on, fed up of hearing about this every morning, more time spent talking about partygate than was spent talking to that poor lady who lost her son in a shooting!! Time for me to switch off.” Lee Hardy agreed: “@GMB the continuing reporting of #Partygate just makes you want to switch off your show. There are more important things going on in the world. Give it a rest #gmb.” Graeme Dawson questioned: “#gmb why are we STILL talking about #Partygate after all this time when MUCH BIGGER events are happening? Can we not move on?” Terry Metcalf fumed: “I am so fed up listening to GMB regarding the party gate, move on there is so much happening around us people who have no money to pay the increase for gas and electricity and food help these people.” (sic) However, others praised Reid and Madeley for putting pressure on Eustice to address the scandal. DON'T MISSBrave mum 'will never mentally recover' after son fell into drain [INTERVIEW]Shapps in a strop as Madeley refuses to ask about tube line  [VIDEO]Sinn Fein chief has tense exchange in unified Ireland probe [INSIGHT] Bob Oberti tweeted: “Personally speaking this government has not got a clue as to the level of anger the country feels about partygate. Granted, there are more pressing issues however we are fed up with being taken for fools by these covid rule breakers.” John Obee added: “The famous 'but', where a government minister attempts to dismiss Boris Johnson’s law breaking, as being trivial compared to 'important things’…” (sic) On Wednesday, Boris Johnson prepared for Sue Gray’s inquiry’s final report. It is expected to be more in-depth than the Metropolitan Police investigation that concluded last week. The report will likely include a list of Covid rule breakers. Johnson has faced increasing pressure after photographs emerged after him giving a toast to colleagues in Downing Street allegedly during England’s second national lockdown. At least one person was finned for attending this event but this did not include the Prime Minister. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.