Liverpool have reportedly 'held talks' with Monaco over the prospect of signing Aurelien Tchouameni, however face stiff competition from Real Madrid for the highly-rated French midfielder. The Reds appear intent on adding the 22-year-old to their star-studded ranks, but it may well take a bid in the region of £50million to secure his sought-after services.  The Monaco man has emerged as one of Europe's brightest talents, and his consistently impressive displays over recent seasons have seen him accumulate a lengthy list suitors. However, it appears Liverpool and Real Madrid are the two frontrunners for his signature, with both having held talks to register their interest, according to 90min. The pair are understood to have made clear their admiration for the French youngster and discussed his future, however, as of yet, no formal bids have been submitted. Monaco will reportedly remain resolute with regards to the £50m price tag they have placed upon Tchouameni as they look to exploit an impending transfer tug-of-war of their prized asset. Not only does the midfielder's sizeable valuation provide Liverpool with a potential stumbling block, but Tchouameni is also understood to be 'intrigued' by the possibility of joining newly-crowned La Liga champions Real Madrid in the summer. It appears the former Bordeaux man, whose current Monaco contract expires in the summer of 2024, is somewhat spoilt for choice. JUST IN: Salah and Jurgen Klopp disagree on preferred Liverpool final opponent  In addition to Liverpool and Real Madrid, Premier League pair Manchester United and Manchester City are also understood to hold an interest Tchouameni, while Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid are two other clubs harbouring hopes of snapping up one of Europe's hottest properties. There's also said to be significant interest from Chelsea. The Blues are long-time admirers of the rising French star and are understood to have turned down the chance to sign him last summer despite talk of a buy-to-loan deal having been discussed. The West Londoners reportedly remain keen on Tchouameni, but are unlikely to be able compete with Liverpool and Real Madrid - especially as uncertainty surrounding the club's ownership continues to rumble on. DON'T MISS Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time Villarreal message Ferdinand rips into Villarreal and questions if Emery 'killed them' Ball 'didn't bounce' on Villarreal pitch test ahead of Liverpool game  Equally as adept at playing as a No.6 and a No.8, Tchouameni is considered a tour-de-force in midfield who is revered for his defensive work in particular. Despite already possessing a wealth of talent in the centre of the park, it is thought Liverpool will look to strengthen in that area this summer as the Reds lack a youthful and dynamic midfielder within their current crop. Though Fabinho is only 28, the likes of Thiago, Jordan Henderson and James Milner are all the other side of 30, while question marks remain over the long-term futures of Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. Though Jurgen Klopp does also have Curtis Jones at his disposal, it is easy to see why Liverpool are keen to bolster their ranks with a midfielder of Tchouameni's quality. 