Natalie Elliott hosts The Natural Beauty Radio Show weekly on UK Health Radio and is a clean beauty expert and the founder of award-winning beauty brand Sakrid. Today there is, quite rightly, huge pressure being placed upon multiple industries to evolve their methods of manufacture, packaging, and transportation to allow for better, safer, greener, and cleaner practices. This will affect beauty products, their ingredients, how they are sourced, their packaging and how they are transported. As Dr Emma Meredith, Director General of the Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association told me, "I think the positive thing is that the beauty, cosmetics, and personal care industry is well on that sustainability journey. Perhaps it doesn't shout about it enough, and perhaps that's something that beauty brands should do more." The beauty industry is certainly doing its part to counteract climate change. So it should be, the beauty industry puts 80 billion pieces of plastic into landfills every year. I am delighted to see the industry is reacting to the consumer zeitgeist, the 'Gen Z' customer who are the ones that are highlighting the issue and leading the way to saving our planet. The most important thing that beauty companies need to be doing and are starting to do, is look at their formulations, make sure that they are sourcing their ingredients from renewable feedstocks, and moving away from fossil fuels. They also need to ensure that their packaging is as efficient as it possible, incorporating as much recycled product as possible. Recycling is an important in part of the circular economy, but it's not the only 'R' - there are also Reuse and Refill as important things to consider. READ MORE: 'Smooth wrinkles in 1 week’ Beauty fans praise £10 Miracle Cream - 'younger & firmer' skin While there is a lot of greenwashing in the industry from some of the big beauty brands, a lot of smaller companies are doing great things to make strides in the sustainability movement, and it is mostly entrepreneurial companies that are making it happen can lead innovation. Put simply, there is not as much red tape, and as entrepreneurs, we are super passionate about what we do, and we can just take the bull by the horns. At least that is what I have done with my own clean-beauty brand Sakrid. We have heard a lot about climate change and the necessary actions required globally to protect our planet from devastating and life-changing occurrences very shortly. The changes needed are both monumental and on a wide-reaching scale. DON'T MISS'Cancer on the rise': Is beauty to blame? Signs on skin [EXPERT] The cost of beauty: How to avoid looking fake or 'really bad side effects' [COLUMN] M&S selling products to help beat menopause and perimenopause [LAUNCH] One fact that we all need to accept is that making small changes is no longer going to make a difference. What's required is a human change to our approach to everything on a societal level. As with all major global industries right now, the beauty business has a responsibility to look inward. So, when considering their sustainable actions, beauty brands must consider a holistic, environmentally conscious approach to positively contribute to the demands of our planet. It isn’t enough that beauty brands only consider packaging and the source of their ingredients. They need to ask, is there more that can be done to support the welfare of the communities, local businesses and the longevity of the land that produces these elements? One well-known High Street brand is taking this extra step, and the communities and environment around them are reaping the rewards of their attention and support. That brand is Lush. Gabbi Loedolff, Lush Global Buying Coordinator commented: "We manufacture our handmade products in multiple different factories around the world so that we can have the shortest possible distance to the shops. "We also have localized sourcing to support our local economies or projects in the regions that we're operating. "Our mission is to think about how we can move beyond the concept of not harm, through the way that we source ingredients, which is what sustainability is. "It's making sure that we're not deteriorating things further and creating a positive impact through every system that we interact with or touch? "And that's what we at Lush call our regenerative vision". If we continue to learn about the impact of our choices in our everyday lives, then I'm convinced that we can all make a difference and do our bit to help fight back against climate change.