Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has insisted that there are no problems between himself and Christian Pulisic after the player's father suggested that he could soon be looking to leave west London in a deleted Twitter post earlier this week. Pulisic has endured a difficult campaign with the Blues after being forced to play a back-up role over the course of this season, with the 23-year-old having been named on the substitutes' bench in each of his side's last eight Premier League matches. Pulisic's latest omission from Chelsea's starting side provoked an angry reaction from his father, Mark, who described the winger's situation as 'very sad' and hinted at a summer move elsewhere with a 'big six months ahead' in a now-deleted post on Twitter. Tuchel has since poured cold water on any suggestions of a rift with Pulisic by insisting that every single player in his squad would naturally be frustrated if they are not picked on a regular basis."I am not concerned if the player's father says he does not love me," the German coach told reporters with a smile on Friday. "It's a normal thing, we have our reasons to go for players in the first XI."You will never see happy faces from players who are not selected. With me and Christian, there is zero problem. In some matches he has a huge impact from the bench. I didn't even know [about his father's tweet], it has nothing to do with it. JUST IN: Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' "The players are responsible for being in the team and staying in the team. Am I always right? For sure, not. Is it always fair? For sure, not. The reaction from Christian has been the opposite, he's very strong, very positive in the last weeks."Pulisic last played the full 90 minutes for Chelsea against Burnley in a game during which he scored, assisted and was awarded man of the match back in March. The United States international has tumbled down the Blues pecking order in recent weeks, though, and will be looking to regain a starting spot by making the most of his opportunities to impress between now and the end of the season. It remains to be seen whether Pulisic, who remains tied down to Chelsea until the summer of 2024, will be prepared to stay and fight for his place in the team or if he will attempt to find a new club away from Stamford Bridge over the coming months. Former Blues midfielder Craig Burley recently urged Pulisic to take a step backwards by joining a side like West Ham in order to play a starring role on a weekly basis at the London Stadium."I believe a club like, for example, a West Ham, a team just sitting around [the European places]," Burley told ESPN FC. "It is a step down but it's a step down to I think getting regular game time, whether that's in England or Spain or Germany or wherever."If he continues to try and go to clubs that are what I would call elite level, really going for the big trophies and all the big trophies, I think he's always going to be a little bit of an in and out player. I just feel he's going to need to take a drop down, a little bit, not a lot, and get regular game time." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here