Cristiano Ronaldo has broken his silence after Manchester United’s 4-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. The Portugal international has kept a low profile in the aftermath of the defeat at the Amex Stadium. It was a horrendous afternoon for the Red Devils, who were comprehensively outplayed by Graham Potter’s team. Manchester United entered their match with Brighton hoping for another positive result after putting Brentford to the sword earlier in the week. However, goals from Moises Caicedo, Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard put the Red Devils to the sword. Ronaldo has been silent ever since, with the United star cutting a frustrated figure throughout the game. Now, though, he’s finally broken his silence. Ronaldo took to Instagram and Twitter to share an image of himself with two close friends. Given the cliffy backdrop, it wasn’t taken in Manchester. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ronaldo shared the picture with a caption that read: “Always good to be with my Bro’s.” And despite United’s woeful campaign, the veteran had a big smile on his face as he posed for the camera. Ronaldo’s future has been a hot topic of debate in recent weeks at a time where Erik ten Hag is preparing to take over. However, it’s looking increasingly likely the Portugal international will stay put and be part of his manager’s plans. Ten Hag is willing to build around the former Real Madrid and Juventus star, at least at the current moment in time. And with Ronaldo scoring 24 goals across all competitions, that’s certainly a boost for the Red Devils. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Madrid have been linked with a stunning reunion with the forward, who scored 450 goals during his nine-year stint at the Bernabeu between 2009 and 2018. But Ronaldo could instead be set to stay at United to ensure his second spell isn’t seen as a disaster. He’s supposedly talked with Sir Alex Ferguson, his old boss, in recent weeks as well. And Ferguson has told Ronaldo to stay put in order to ‘protect his legacy’ as a club legend at Old Trafford. Meanwhile, United interim boss Ralf Rangnick apologised to United fans who witnessed the Brighton debacle. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We knew from our first game that we played [against them] at home that Brighton are a very flexible, technical team,” he said. “Always trying to play through your lines and to be creative. “So we knew that it was not enough to just enjoy yourself in possession of the ball. “The problem was we were not that often in possession of the ball. In order to be in possession we should have won the ball, but we gave them far too much space and time. “After a performance like that I’m not the kind of person who is looking for excuses or alibis, this was just not good enough and I can only, once again, say [an] apology to our supporters and to everybody who is taking care of this club.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rangnick did insist, however, that United can have a positive future when Erik ten Hag takes charge. “This has to be done at the end of the season,” he said. “I’m still very positive that with Erik Ten Hag we have a top manager next season and I’m also pretty sure the board has already made some changes and there will be more changes to come in the summer. “I’m still positive that we can change the whole issue and show a completely different face next season and this is important, not only for our fans but also for the image of the whole club. “If there is one good thing that we realise, it's that there is a lot of space for improvement and that we need some changes.”