Amber Heard has responded to ex-husband Johnny Depp’s claim in court that she left “human faecal matter” in their bed. She told the court today that the faeces was left by one of their dogs, having suffered from “bowel control issues” after it got into his stash of marijuana as a puppy. As the court was shown a photo of the faecal matter in the bed, Amber told her lawyer during direct examination that when she left for Coachella with some friends, the dogs were in the bed. She claimed one of them, named Boo, was the culprit, having suffered from “bowel control issues” since she ate some of Johnny’s marijuana when she was a puppy. Earlier on in the trial, Johnny told the court Amber had defecated in his bed. He claimed it could not have been one of the dogs, because they are very small teacup Yorkies. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower He said his security guard Sean Bett warned him it was not a good time to come back to their apartment, before sending him the photograph. Johnny claimed when he saw the image, he laughed at first. "My initial response to that was ... I mean I laughed," he told the court. "It was so outside... so bizarre and so grotesque that I could only laugh." Johnny alleged Amber tried to claim one of his dogs left the faeces, but thought that was impossible because they are teacup Yorkies. “They weigh about four pounds each,” he told the court. "The photograph I saw... that did not come from a dog, it just didn't." Today, Amber responded to claims earlier on in the trial from Starling Jenkins, who had worked as a driver for Johnny at the time. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [INSIGHT]Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere [PICTURES]Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [CONFESSION] Jenkins had told the court Amber had admitted to him that the faeces was a prank that had gone wrong. In response, Amber told her lawyer she was not in a “pranking mood” at the time, as she was about to divorce her husband. Johnny is suing Amber for $50million over a 2018 op ed in the Washington Post, in which she claimed to be a survivor of domestic abuse. He claims he was the implied abuser and that it lost him work, including his famous role as Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Johnny has also accused Amber of abusing him - something she denies. She is counter-suing him for $100m, accusing him of orchestrating a “smear campaign” against her and describing his lawsuit against her as a campaign of “abuse and harassment”. Johnny has previously testified that he has “never hit a woman”. The trial continues.