Carol Vorderman, 61, hit out on Instagram as she explained an imposter has been sending rogue messages trying to get information about her and has urged her fans to be vigilant about replying. The Countdown legend has fallen victim to yet another fake account on social media and has warned fans to not disclose any of their personal information. The mathematician took to Instagram and shared a screenshot of a bogus message she had been sent by an imposter claiming to be on the hunt for hackers. It didn't take long for Carol's warning to gain attention as Paul O'Grady revealed he had a similar experience. In view of her 218,000 followers, the BBC Radio Wales host penned: "FAKE ACCOUNT ALERT... yes another one. "I've just been sent this from someone alerting me to the fact that this fake account is trying to get information from them. Crazily this imposter is pretending to want information about imposters. Jeez." READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 Carol confirmed: "Here's the thing. This account @carolvorders and my van account @vordervan are the ONLY ACCOUNTS I HAVE. "If you get any message from any other account pretending to be me. It isn't me. I am only on here and @vordervan. "And a message to ALL the fake account pretenders... get a life and stop with this obsession. It's pathetic. Anyway to the rest of us... have a great day." The "imposter" account in question had claimed they had sought out the help of private investigators to stop a complaint.   The fake message read: "I'll need your full cooperation to bring this people to justice, I can't have them trying to ruin my career. If you have had an experience with an imposter let me know so we can carry out an investigation on this." Paul, 66, was one of the first people to reply to Carol's scam warning after he addressed rogue social media accounts. The comic shared he discovered a few accounts pretending to be him asking the public for money to support certain charities. He wrote: "Another illiterate cretin with nothing better to do. I’ve got a few myself asking for money in aid of various ‘charities’. I keep telling people if the account doesn’t have a blue tick then it’s not a valid one. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] "Instagram needs to do something about these ever increasing scammers. Anyway, I’m very impressed that you travel around in your van with a team of your very own Private Investigators. Can I borrow a couple?" To which Carol replied: "@paulogrady I'll send a few over....never go anywhere without them. I'm particularly offended by the bad grammar. I mean, 26 years on Countdown and can't spell..???? REALLY?!?!!!" BBC presenter Andi Oliver commented: "I mean?? What the hell is WRONG with these people?! Get a life indeed! Sending love darling woman." Other social media users also offered their support to the former Countdown legend. Steve Sky wrote: "Could tell from the poor English it wasn't you." Sally Ann Stevenson commented: "Some people need to get a grip and really take a good look at themselves. Love u Carol xx"(sic) Clive Rowe added: "Yep I got a message like that in your name and a day later the name changed on the same message." Carol often takes to the picture-sharing site and gives updates to her loyal following on the social media platform.