A lethal pandemic followed by the threat of a new world war because of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of the Ukraine have been sent to try us. Who said Boris Johnson was a lucky PM? He has had the book thrown at him. In these dire circumstances the British - if that is not now an offensive term after the Northern Irish and Scottish elections - have usually risen to the occasion and fought their way out of the mess.  There is one crumb of comfort from the local elections: the relative sanity of the North of England compared with the rest of the UK and especially the self-regarding London “elite”. If Boris can achieve only half of what is promised in the Queen’s Speech, including the defeat of stagflation, he will owe his chance to the realistic and fair minded old Red Wall. These dire economic and political circumstances have driven me to compile a list of the anti-social elements in our midst who could well handicap recovery. I hesitate to call them the enemy within. Enemies usually have brains unless they are called Putin. First, I am forced not by their words but their deeds to list the public sector trade unions since they clearly are only too willing to spit in the eye of those who effectively finance them: the taxpayer. Those representing Civil Servants, doctors, transport workers and academics are a disgrace. We cannot have Civil Servants enjoying the option of working from home when so many public services - vehicle and driving licensing and the issue of passports and power of attorney - are failing. If they had the slightest commitment to public service, they would all be at their desks tomorrow. It may well be that GPs are under severe pressure and struggling to cope, thanks partly to early retirements. But they just alienate their patients by making themselves scarce, seeking a working day of 9am-5pm and, in the process, throwing ever greater burdens on hospital A&E departments. As for public transport unions, they have always exhibited a selfishness in their willingness to strike. Have they not the wit to see that strikes are the last way to help the recovery and, indeed, the working class. The modern trade union leader is a mirror image of the Bourbons who never learned anything. Next on my list are the wokerati who are a condemnation of parental and educational responsibility. Worse still, they are predominantly drawn from our middle and supposedly educated classes. Their ranks seem to be populated by hypersensitive obsessives whose exploitation of our blessed freedom could leave us in chains. Already they have eroded the freedom of thought and expression. Putin must be grateful to them for getting us used to the Communist straitjacket. As for those environmental obsessives - Extinction Rebellion and its gruesome (and gluesome) offshoots - they personify irresponsibility and a woeful ability to identify national priorities. And so do the forces of law and order that treat them with kid gloves.  All this manufactured protest is no more calculated to improve our lot than are the criminals and fraudsters who battened on to the pandemic to make a pile at our expense. Nor are top management across the board an asset if greed not public interest is their motivation. Which conveniently brings me to a leading candidate for my anti-social list: the Parliamentary Tory Party. If it wants the nation to recover and reform, it had better stop forthwith its threats to its leader and its endless posturing. In the absence of an Opposition that can’t even define a woman let alone its mission in life, the Tories have a responsibility to set an example to the nation. They have to forget their disliking for Boris and his Brexit and show that at least one party means business, knows its priorities and is determined to succeed. If they don’t, they will eminently qualify as an anti-social element in our society and be forever damned. We have enough of ‘em without the party elected two years to govern with the best Tory majority since 1987. For heaven’s sake, cut the intrigue and get on with it. 