Nick Hewer has addressed rumours that Carol Vorderman could be set to return to Countdown following Anne Robinson's departure from the Channel 4 show. Anne, 77, announced earlier this week that she's set to step down as Countdown host after less than a year in the job, and there have been lots of rumours and suggestions as to who might take over as the new presenter on the popular game show. One name that's been mentioned as a possible replacement is someone who's by no means a stranger to the programme is former numbers expert Carol, who is reportedly a top choice for the role among show bosses. But former host Nick Hewer, who presented the show for almost a decade between 2012 and 2021, reckons she might not be the right choice, in part because she's too closely associated with another job on the programme. Asked about the possibility in an interview with RadioTimes.com, he said: "I've been on her show a couple of times, she's got a [BBC] Radio Wales show. "I don't know whether there would be a sort of conflict in a way because both she and Rachel [Riley] did the same job. So I don't know. READ MORE: Kim Cattrall on horrifying plot that made her refuse canned SATC film "I think she's a very popular woman, but I would have thought that it would slightly confuse the audience, which is a very faithful audience, [with] some people watching it for years and years He added, "I just think that there might be – people might be a bit confused." For her part, Vorderman recently said it would be "an honour" to return to the show and thanked fans for their comments, but appeared to distance herself from the gig by wishing luck to the future host. "I want to wish whoever is the lucky human to be the new host all the love and 9 letter words in the world," she wrote on Twitter. For who else might be a good fit for the job, Hewer had a wealth of suggestions, including one person he picked out as something of a "wildcard" choice, Dragon's Den star Stephen Bartlett. "He's very popular, a pretty smart guy," he said, before also picking out BBC Media Editor Amol Rajan as someone he'd like to see get the job. Previously, Hewer admitted he does not often have time to socialise in the “showbiz world” and is often too busy to have a drink with his former Countdown colleagues Rachel Riley and Susie Dent. The former Apprentice star shared that he saw his position on the quiz show as a “job” and he didn't often see his co-stars outside of a studio setting. DONT MISS:Gavin and Stacey's Joanna Page hits back at weight loss pressure (PHOTOS)Amber Heard testifies Johnny Depp 'shoved' bottle inside her vagina (NEWS)Amber Heard shows jury photo of Johnny Depp after alleged drugs binge (LATEST) Nick told Express.co.uk: “In the sort of showbiz world they [Rachel and Susie] are friends, but outside the studio, you don’t really run into people… you don't sort of all go down to the pub together “It’s not like that, it is a job,” he added. Opening up on his relationship with Rachel and Susie, Nick admitted they only spent time together if it was at a formal event. He shared: “If I’m having a party they will come and vice-versa, but it’s interesting. “It is sort of a job and I think if you ask anyone in the business, we’re not all hanging out together, not least because we’re all running around trying to earn a living.” However, Nick shared that he had a “wonderful time” hosting Countdown over the past 10 years. But the presenter said that as he got older it became “a tough gig”, as he would record five shows a day in a three-day block. Nick said: “As much as I've had a wonderful time hosting a truly great show, I didn’t look forward to the intensity of the filming. “Countdown's a tough gig for an old'un, 250 shows a year with five shows recorded every day in three-day blocks and I did it for a decade.”