Strictly Come Dancing star Kelvin Fletcher recently decided to step back from city life and transform himself into a farmer, as documented in his show Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure. However, that's not the only upheaval he's had, after he and wife Liz announced their delight at welcoming their twins this week. Liz took to Instagram to offer almost 100,000 followers a candid update, admitting: "It’s been a month to remember!" Tagging helpers including members of her hair and makeup glam squad, she added: "Thanks for being the best." The accompanying photo showed her and daughter Marnie grinning broadly together as they posed surrounded by balloons to celebrate the new arrivals, and building blocks spelling out the word "Baby". The post, sharing a series of photos of the party-like atmosphere surrounding the birth, gave fans an insight into what life has been like with two new boys. The post accumulated over 10,000 likes in a matter of hours, with fans like @muriel.standen praising: "Congratulations enjoy every minute of it! She added: "Those baby boys will [be] pleased they have a big brother and sister to look up to x" Meanwhile @margaret.brooks.125 urged Liz to ensure Kelvin didn't shirk his share of the responsibilities, laughing: "Good luck with your newbies Liz. Let Kelvin do his.share of night feed haaa!" @lynda.murray.37 chimed in: "Congratulations Liz on the safe arrival of your sweet baby boys xxx" Liz seems to be overjoyed now that the stress of the birthing is over. She had previously admitted her fears to HELLO! magazine, explaining: "There's double the worry. "I thought about things like breastfeeding, how is that possible with two? "How do you pick up two babies at the same time?" There is also the added pressure of adapting to her new life on a sprawling farm in the Peak District, which at times has seemed a million miles away from her city lifestyle. Her showbiz husband also once had a life in the fast lane with his acting career and passion for racing cars. While the scenes of Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure could scarcely have been more different from those of his past, he and Liz have embraced the changes. He will now be combining the celebrity world with the joys of the quiet countryside, while juggling both human and animal baby duties. Kelvin has an action-packed summer coming up too. He will be starring in Jack Absolute Flies Again at the National Theatre, with rehearsals scheduled to begin soon after Liz gives birth. Despite all the hubbub, when the boys finally arrived on Wednesday, she shared on Instagram: "They are here!! "My heart is filled with so much love and gratitude."