The Prime Minister conceded that tonight's local election results could spell trouble for the Conservative Party as ballots are counted across the country. According to the BBC, he told aides ahead of the count: "We are going to get our a*** kicked tonight." However, initial results suggest a mixed bag of results for the Tory Party. They have made gains in Brexit-backing Thurrock but could risk losing the flagship council of Wandsworth. The Labour Party seem confident they can take the council in the capital, which was once a favourite for Margaret Thatcher. A Tory source on the ground told Express.co.uk: "Wandsworth Town [is] looking uncomfortably close; some of their team said earlier that they had it in the bag." JUST IN: Labour 'pretty sure of winning' in Wandsworth as Sadiq Khan arrives at count But Sir Keir Starmer's party have also lost Hull to the Liberal Democrats. The Liberal Democrats have spent much of their campaign targeting Blue Wall seats across Remain-voting southern England. A party spokesperson now thinks the Liberal Democrats are edging towards a symbolic victory in West Oxfordshire. They said: "We are 99 percent sure the Conservatives will lose control of West Oxfordshire." The council area also includes the constituency of former Prime Minister David Cameron. Mr Johnson also faces pressure from Tory MPs after the Sun's Harry Cole claimed the Prime Minister received just one reply from his Conservative colleagues in the party's WhatsApp group chat. However, another Tory MP told Express.co.uk: "I have not seen anything negative." Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis also stood by the Prime Minister. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: Remainer civil servants' plot to scupper £10bn trade deal [REVEAL] Local elections: 'Postal vote?' Boris mocked as Carrie absent  [INSIGHT] Starmer is Corbyn mk2 so Boris is safe whatever - ROBERT TAYLOR [SPOTLIGHT] He told Sky News: "I absolutely think we can win the next general election and I do think Boris Johnson is the right person to lead us into that. "He's got those big decisions - through Covid and internationally with Ukraine and other areas - right since he's been PM and he has my full support to continue to do that."