The property expert who stars in the popular Channel 4 house-hunting show, A Place in the Sun, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and revealed what audiences can expect from the newest episodes, which are currently airing. As well as spilling the beans on what it's like to film the show behind the camera, the 40-year-old shared that some funny moments will be cropping up in the new series, so fans can expect a fair amount of humour to be thrown into the mix. When asked about any drama in the new episodes she had been filming, Laura replied: "Well I think there might be a few episodes coming up." She added: "And there might be a bit of a shock with the bad weather that we've had. "There are some funny experiences. I'd say that there are probably things that people will watch and go, 'Oh my word.' "Like, 'Why isn't it sunny?' But really we just try and have fun." READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy Talking about working on A Place in the Sun, Laura explained: "It's a fantastic job. I absolutely love it. "I love being part of the team. But then, you know just like any job, there are times when you're like, 'It's hard!' "Like the weather! But I don't want to complain about the weather because I'm travelling and seeing new places, meeting new people." When asked how she deals with the particularly "picky" guests, Laura stated she would never judge someone for changing their minds.  "Property is such a personal thing," she commented. "Even if you think you're ticking somebody's boxes, they need to feel it as well. "You either feel it or you don't, and if a couple don't feel it, they don't feel it. "And I get that - I've bought and sold quite a few houses in my time and you know, some of them you just walk in and when you see something you like, you know. "It could be a property that does tick all the boxes but if it doesn't feel right, it doesn't feel right. DON'T MISS... Phil Spencer explains appeal of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [VIDEO] "So I would never, ever question or be upset if a property wasn't for somebody, it's really personal and a big commitment." Fans of the show will be pleased to know Laura also hinted that a spin-off could be on the cards. The programme sometimes provides small updates online on guests who have settled into a new country for either full or part-time residency. When asked if this could soon become a show of its own, Laura stated: "We haven't [done much of that] at the moment. "We're not making a TV show of it, but I think the beauty now is a lot of us keep in contact with the people that we filmed with and helped find homes. "And if we go back to similar destinations I will always sort of contact my house hunters if I'm in the area and say, 'you know, I'm in the area, can I can I pop in the sea for a cup of tea or, you know, are you here?' "And so then we'll catch up and it's always lovely to go back. So we do it personally. "But I think it would be it would be lovely if there was an opportunity for us to show the viewers at home. "Because I think it is something that people are quite interested in, what happens next." She added "People are interested in seeing it and it's nice for us. And I guess we then sometimes share those stories on our social media. "But who knows? Who knows? Watch this space, it might be something that we get to see on TV." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4.