The Queen arrived for the show’s finale celebration on Sunday evening. The show was called ‘A Gallop Through History,’ and she arrived with her youngest son, Prince Edward. Edward is now the president of the Royal Windsor Horse Show, taking over a role previously held by his late father, Prince Philip.  The Queen’s ensemble for this celebration was a mix of day and evening attire. She wore a blue dress with sparkling crystal embellishments, covered by a pale blue cardigan and by a larger grey wrap that was also festooned with crystals. The Queen also wore comfortable black shoes and carried a silk scarf and one of her usual black handbags. A walking stick and a lift within the stands helped her arrive safely at her seat.  READ MORE: Crowd roars as Queen arrives on Royal Windsor Horse Show red carpet The Queen kept her jewels casual as well as comfortable. She wore her signature diamond and pearl button earrings. The monarch added a three-stranded pearl necklace beneath the neckline of her dress. Royal fans took to social media praising the monarch's style.  Twitter user @arduina08 said: "She was beaming with happiness, this is so heartwarming." Another fan, @Jlmartin1234 wrote: "Looking great!" Royal watcher @DebbyCASTLE2 added: "She looks beautiful. We love the Queen!" Members of Prince Philip’s extended German family were in attendance too. He traditionally organised a family house party for his German relatives during the Windsor Horse Show each May, and the Queen appears to have continued the tradition.  Prince Donatus of Hesse and his wife, Princess Floria, were spotted in the royal box on Sunday evening. Sophie, Countess of Wessex was seated near the Queen in the royal box as well. She wore evening jewels, including her multi-gem earrings and their coordinating ring. Sophie recently wore these same jewels at the Arab Women of Year Awards in March. Countess Mountbatten, who has been a fixture at the horse show over the years, was also in the royal box, wearing elegant pearls.  One more member of the Royal Family was present as well, Lady Louise Windsor. The daughter of Edward and Sophie Wessex was an active part of the show. She drove the carriage that belonged to the late Duke of Edinburgh in a segment showcasing royal carriages. Louise wore a pair of earrings set with sparkling pink and white gemstones, plus the two brooches she’s had on her coat throughout this year’s show. One of the brooches was a gift from her grandfather. This brooch features the horse and reins, which Louise has worn frequently at events celebrating the late Duke’s memory. 