Roma boss Jose Mourinho is hoping to steal a march on former clubs Manchester United and Tottenham by launching a shock move for Juventus star Paulo Dybala. The Portuguese tactician is set to make an offer to sign the forward on a free transfer amid reported interest from the Premier League duo. Reports in Argentina claim Mourinho is keen to bring Dybala to the Italian outfit to strengthen his squad after the Giallorossi won the UEFA Conference League last week. And that could scupper the plans of his former clubs Spurs and United, which could prove to be a double delight for the 59-year-old. According to TyC Sports, Roma and Mourinho have made contact with Dybala over a surprise move from Serie A rivals Juventus after they declined to offer the 29-year-old a new contract. The Argentina International’s wage demands could prove to a tricky obstacle to overcome, but Mourinho’s superior may have found a solution. READ MORE: Tottenham face Mourinho transfer battle as Conte eyes bid But Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport reports that Roma director Tiago Pinto has calculated a way of meeting Dybala’s demands, which are thought to be around €270,000-a-week (£228,000), or €14m-a-season (£11.9m). They will offer a structured deal worth €10m-a-year (£8.5m) with bonuses that will increase as the contract goes on in a bid to convince Dybala to make the short move between the Serie A clubs. The forward is reportedly keen to stay in Italy, having spent the majority of his professional career in the nation, and join a club where he is valued after being unceremoniously dumped by the Old Lady. Inter Milan, who missed out on the Scudetto, are considering submitting a similar offer. However, Tottenham may still be able to deny their former manager — who they sacked in February 2021 — the chance to capture one of their summer targets. Antonio Conte’s side have qualified for the Champions League after securing a top-four finish on the final day of the season and that could prove to be a tempting proposition for Dybala, with Roma only in the Europa League next season. DON'T MISSFour stars Tottenham could sign as Conte demands changeMan Utd 'agreed' a swap deal involving Juventus star DybalaTottenham target Dybala 'asking about living in London'  The north London side also have sporting director Fabio Paratici, who signed Dybala from Palermo in 2015, on their side in any potential negotiations and may have more funds to use to meet the attacker’s salary request than Roma. The report adds that Dybala is not likely to make a swift decision on his future, with an announcement due in two to four weeks. Dybala bid an emotional farewell to Juventus earlier this month, with the long-serving forward pictured leaving the pitch in floods of tears. He then confirmed his departure after seven years in Turin on social media."It is difficult to find the right words to greet you, there are so many years and so many emotions involved, all together,” he said. “I thought we would be together even more years, but fate puts us on different paths. I will never forget everything you made me experience, every game, every goal. With you I grew up, I learned, I lived and I dreamed. It has been 7 years of magic, 12 trophies and 115 goals that no one will take away from us. Never."