The hashtag #cleaninghacks has amassed 4.5 billion views on TikTok - nearly two thirds of the global population - and the term continues to prove popular in search engines. Interior design experts, Furniturebox, revealed the most Googled searched home cleaning queries - and some top tips from 'cleanfluencers'. The most Googled cleaning query - 56,000 per month - centred around how to clean a washing machine properly. A further 93.3 million people have viewed the hashtag #washingmachineclean on TikTok. A dirty washing machine is a likely culprit when there's an unpleasant smell in the kitchen. One hack for cleaning this appliance is adding a washing machine cleaner. To dislodge grime in the dispenser draw and rubber seal around the drum, 'cleanfluencer' @zapatas_cleaningservices suggested using bathroom spray and scrubbing with an old toothbrush. She also recommended putting vinegar in the detergent tray before running a hot cycle. The second most Google searched cleaning hack is on cleaning the dishwasher. Googled an enormous 36,000 times a month, #dishwashercleaning is watched by a further 2.4 million on TikTok. Furniturebox recommended that dishwasher owners clean this appliance once per week. TikTok cleaning influencer Carolina Mccauley recommends using vinegar and baking soda for a deep clean. Oven cleaning has a global search volume of 33,000. Four major hashtags, #ovencleaning, #ovenclean, #ovenclenainghack and #stovecleaning, have been searched in their millions - #ovencleaning has 144.3 million views. TikTok influencer @living_with_cambriea suggested taking off the door of the oven for a deep, thorough clean, before hoovering the inside. After this, cleaning enthusiasts can scrub away. Cleaning enthusiasts are also keen on making their TV screens sparkle, according to Google and TikTok searches.It is searched 31,000 times on Google and #tvcleaning has 1.5 million views on TikTok. 'Cleanfluencer' @morethancleaning recommended using a cheap and easy microfibre cloth for the task. This, and a spray or two of distilled water for anything more than smudges, will do the job. For a slightly dirtier screen, people can add a drop of dish soap. But she warned: "Do not, and I repeat do not, use anything with alcohol or ammonia." This cleaning hack has a global search volume of 30,000, with 20.3 million engaging with #matresscleaning on TikTok. @cleanwithsash recommended carpet stain remover, baking soda and hoovering for this mammoth "workout". Speaking about the findings, Laura Rich, Product Developer at Furniturebox stated: "With the influence of TikTok and platforms like it, spring cleaning is important to the modern world. The pandemic continues to affect people’s lives, and keeping a clean home is essential for curbing the spread of disease. "We’re enamoured with the trending idea of getting rid of odours using nothing but baking soda. Bad smells are absorbed by baking soda as it's a fantastic pH neutralizer, so placing a bowl of the stuff in a smelly area can actually make a big difference (especially in the fridge)."