Ralf Rangnick could give Juan Mata another chance to shine on Saturday as Manchester United travel to Brighton for their penultimate match of the Premier League season. The Spaniard shone against Brentford after spending most of the campaign gathering dust on the bench, and could feature alongside two potential returnees with Graham Potter's side sure to pose a stern test on the south coast. While United stopped back-up goalkeeper Dean Henderson from leaving the club in January, it seems apparent that they will have to let him go this summer. Even if they gave him the last two matches out of courtesy, it still may not be enough to convince him that any meaningful role at Old Trafford lies ahead. David De Gea, meanwhile, has shown the kind of shot-stopping ability that forms the basis of his reputation between the sticks, even if his distribution still leaves plenty to be desired. It would therefore be a surprise to see Rangnick leave De Gea out on Saturday. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola admits threatening to quit Man City during tense meeting with owners Harry Maguire, who has dealt with endless criticism from fans and a bomb scare in recent weeks, has been back in training this week and Rangnick suggested that he could return to the starting line-up at the Amex Stadium. Raphael Varane would be his most likely partner, with the whole squad benefitting from a week of rest. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has also returned to training, but his days with the Red Devils could be numbered. Diogo Dalot should keep his place on Saturday having shown flashes of attacking quality in Wan-Bissaka's absence, while Alex Telles is likely to start on the opposite flank. DON'T MISS: New tunnel footage shows furious Declan Rice berating referee after West Ham loss Fred was only fit enough for a spot on the bench against Brentford, but may feature from the start against Brighton. With Nemanja Matic also creeping towards the exit door, Scott McTominay will probably get the nod alongside the Brazilian to form their famed 'McFred' partnership. All eyes will be on Rangnick's attacking-midfield selection after Mata's dazzling performance against the Bees. It was the 34-year-old's first Premier League start of the season, and with a free transfer on the horizon he could get another chance to strut his stuff before running for the hills this summer. Mata's inclusion in the side would likely force Bruno Fernandes out wide - not that he is unable to influence the game from that position. Anthony Elanga, meanwhile, has arguably been United's breakout star this season and gathered the momentum to merit another start on the right. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford are both set to miss out on the trip to Brighton due to bouts of illness, but veteran Cristiano Ronaldo is poised to resume his work through the middle. Now with 18 Premier League goals for the season, Mohamed Salah may be out of reach on 22 but he could still seal second spot in the race for the Golden Boot by bagging a couple more.