Ricky Gervais begins his new Netflix stand-up comedy special by making fun of cancel culture with jokes about trans people, Hitler and AIDS. Speaking on Steve Wright’s BBC Radio 2 programme, Ricky addressed potential backlash to the series by pointing out some “people want to be offended”. Steve asked: “Do you ever get fed up Ricky with having to explain yourself? “I did see yourself on a show where you were trying to explain irony.” Ricky said: “At the beginning of this show it was sort of built into it. “I say something and I explain it’s irony and I go through what irony is and as a joke, I say something I don’t really mean for comic effect and you as an audience laugh at the wrong thing because you know what the right thing is and it challenges them.” Read more: Totally obsessed!' Robinson slams CoE turning into woke institution “I try to remind them that a joke is a joke,” Ricky continued. “It’s not a window to the comedian’s true soul. “I take any view to make the joke funny. I pretend to be left-wing, I pretend to be right-wing, I pretend to be clever, I pretend to be stupid, whatever makes the joke its funniest and smart people know that they get it. “They know when I’m serious, they know when I’m joking, they know when I’m saying the opposite of what I mean, they know when I’m saying exactly what I mean. “But it’s often when it’s taken out of context or people that weren’t at the show and they see a clip. “Some people want to be offended, it’s their job, they go through the press and through the TV channels and there’s nothing you can do about that.” “If somebody wants to be offended, they’re going to be offended,” the comedian quipped. “So you shouldn’t try and it’s not like you can say, ‘Well I won’t say anything,’ because some people are offended by that. “I see that on Twitter, ‘You see someone is quite about so-and-so,’ you can’t win!” DON'T MISS'They're way too woke for me!' Meghan and Harry fan turns on couple [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [VIDEO]We've lost him' Nick Ferrari erupts at Prince Harry's travel campaign [INTERVIEW] In the Netflix special, Ricky speaks about transgender issues in an opening monologue. The comedian says: “Ah women. Not all women, I mean the old-fashioned women, you know the ones with wombs? Those f***ing dinosaurs. “I love the new women. They’re great, aren’t they? The new ones we’ve been seeing lately. The ones with beards and c***s. They’re as good as gold, I love them. “And now the old-fashioned ones say, 'Oh, they want to use our toilets.' Why shouldn’t they use your toilets? For ladies! They are ladies — look at their pronouns!” Ricky’s new Netflix special has divided viewers as @scrowder tweeted: “Surprise, @RickyGervais' new comedy special is receiving backlash for offending people. Ricky Gervais put it best, ‘Just because you're offended, doesn't mean you're right.’” @FreeAtLastTX1 added: “Just watched @rickygervais special on @netflix...absolutely offensive...I loved it!” However, @adamtotscomix wrote: “Ricky Gervais is just so painfully unfunny. If he’s gonna be a bigot the LEAST he can do is try to make the jokes funny. Humiliating for him.” “Ricky Gervais is not a comedian because a comedian’s job is being funny,” @letsgoayo said. Ricky Gervais: SuperNature is available to stream on Netflix.