Recounting the Prime Minister’s rule-breaking Partygate scandal, Ms Ridge berated Sir Keir for saying that his goal was to “make a few gains” in the local elections next week. The Sky News host said that given that a Conservative MP has had to resign after being caught watching pornography in the House of Commons, the Labour Party should be expecting to make significant gains in the coming weeks.    The Sophy Ridge on Sunday host said: “You say that you are starting from a low base after the last election results and I think everyone would agree with that. “At the same time though, the last time a lot of these seats were fought for was under Jeremy Corbyn. “In that time, we’ve seen a Prime Minister who has been fined for breaking the law and we’ve seen a Conservative MP this week who had to resign after being caught watching pornography in the House of Commons. “We’ve seen, as you have been talking about, a cost of living crisis. You shouldn’t just be hoping to make a few gains, should you? You should be absolutely storming ahead of the Conservatives in the polls and why aren’t you?”     Sir Keir responded: “Well, look, they are the dying groans of a clapped out Government. Whether it’s Owen Paterson and the scandal there, whether it’s Patygate or the sleaze.” “When I took over just over two years ago, we were over twenty points behind in the polls and we’d lost a general election, the worst loss for us since 1935. “And within two years, we turned the Labour party around, nobody suggested that we haven’t, and we got ourselves into a position where we have a poll lead. “In two years, that’s pretty extraordinary progress. We’ve got wind in our sails and we’re a confident team. I’ve got a fantastic front bench out there.” READ MORE: Starmer erupts as he's confronted on major Rayner cover up [REPORT]    On May 5, more than 4,350 local representative seats will be contested across England over 140 councils. A recent YouGov poll found that Labour had built up a 27-point lead over the Conservatives ahead of the election. Labour are predicted to win around 50 percent of the vote, more than twice as high as the Conservatives on 23 per cent. In inner London, the disparity between the two parties reportedly grows to as high as 50 points. DON'T MISS: Starmer to decimate UK's 'most important relationship' [INSIGHT]Keir has cake and eats it, says CAROLE MALONE [OPINION]Boris Johnson's popularity stagnates as calls to resign grow [REPORT]   Dr Patrick Diamond, Director of QMUL’s Mile End Institute, said: “Our new research shows that Labour is set to perform significantly better than the Conservatives in the forthcoming London borough elections. “Support for the Conservatives across the city has fallen sharply since the local elections in 2018. “However, Labour’s vote does not look set to advance beyond its successes that year, when it performed particularly strongly.” Labour suffered a heavy defeat in last year’s local elections, losing a number of council seats to the Conservatives.   