In A Farewell to Ozark, the likes of writer Chris Mundy and Marty Byrde star Jason Bateman are joined by members of the Netflix drama’s cast and crew to reflect on four action-packed and jaw-dropping seasons. Inevitably, one of the biggest talking points from the entire series happened in the season four finale in which Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) met her demise at the hands of ruthless cartel leader Camila Elizonndro (Veronica Falcón). Garner and Mundy both shared their views on what turned out to be, one of the show’s most divisive exits. “Chris called me, and he said, ‘Hey, I need to talk to you,’” Garner began during the documentary. “And I said, ‘What?’ And he said, ‘Uh…’ And I said, ‘Wait let me guess.’ “I said, ‘Am I dying?’ And he said, ‘Yeah, how did you know?’ “I said, ‘It is like a Greek tragedy’,” the Ozark star explained as she detailed the conversation she had with the show’s writer. READ MORE: Ozark’s Tom Pelphrey fights tears in tribute to mentor Garner went on: “She really wanted to get out of that place that she was in. “She felt stuck and she felt like she was gonna be here for the rest of her life. “So I think she always wanted something better but didn’t know how to get it,” the Ruth Langmore star concluded. Mundy was next up in the documentary to defend killing off Ruth but not before branding it the “hardest” decision of the entire series. “The decision to kill Ruth was by far the hardest thing in the entire course of the show,” Mundy began. He continued: “There was a point where, all of a sudden, it’s where the story was going. “There couldn’t be no consequences,” Mundy added, referring to Ruth’s murder of Camila’s son and wannabe cartel boss Javi (Alfonso Herrera). Mundy went on: “And in some ways, the Byrdes have been this invasive species. They came in, and they wiped out - all the Langmore’s are gone.” DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to policeOzark star addresses Ruth Langmore scene in series finaleOzark fans heartbroken by Ben’s ‘gut-wrenching’ comeback “I think it would’ve been untrue if Ruth didn’t go,” Mundy added in defence of killing off one of the show’s most-loved characters. Despite the rationale behind the decision and the fact all of Ruth’s actions ultimately led to such a deadly end, a vast number of the Ozark fandom were still left outraged at the death. Taking to Twitter after the finale, user @Toribreak said: “Ruth was just about to start living her best life! #Ozark!” While @ayandress fumed: “I can’t believe they did Ruth Langmore like that [cry emoji], Ozark was such a great series from start to finish tho.” Gillian Renae was similarly enraged: “The ending of #Ozark is still simmering for me. Like, why did Ruth have to go?? Everything was going so well for her. Omar Navarro had to go so his sister could continue business?? I see Jonah has become a man. #OzarkSeason4.” While @Alex_ABC123 added: “FFS. After all Ruth has been through, you go and do her like that. Not cool. #Ozark.” “I f*****g hate Ozark. Ruth deserved better. God F****n damnit,” @JahBloodafri explicitly said. And @WikdSecret suggested: “Wendy Byrd should have been tortured and should have felt the pain she rightfully deserved. Smh so disappointed that she survived and Ruth Langmore took the fall for it all. #Ozark.” (sic) Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now. A Farewell to Ozark is available to stream on Netflix now.