The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's only daughter, Princess Charlotte, turned 7-years-old earlier this week. On the eve of her birthday, like with all of the young Cambridge's birthdays, Kate released a few snaps of her daughter to show eager royal fans just how much the little girl has grown. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Charlotte's birthday pictures and how Kate turned into a "mum on a deadline" when rushing to get the birthday taken. Talking about the birthday snaps, Ms Garibaldi said: "She [Princess Charlotte] is like a little young lady". Ms Ross said: "I love that these photos were taken this past weekend. "I love, you know, what was a mum on a deadline. "You can definitely relate, oh no I have to take them". READ MORE: ‘Frogmore is bigger’ Andrew could be on collision curse with William over Windsor move Also included in one of Charlotte's cute birthday snaps is the Cambridge family's pet dog, Orla. Ms Ross said: "I think that was so sweet. "It reminds me of George's birthday photos several years ago with Lupo and now we get to meet Orla". The family announced that Lupo had passed away in November 2020. READ MORE: Netflix axing of Pearl branded 'a complete disaster' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Ms Ross also states that the name Orla means "golden princess", adding, "which is really sweet". Ms Garibaldi concluded: "Two princesses taking photos together". Royal birthdays are usually a very private affair, so how the Cambridge family spent Charlotte's special day is unknown. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Now that the princess has turned seven, it is expected that we see her more at royal public engagements. Charlotte recently attended the memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh. She attended along with her parents and older brother George, 8. As well as George and Charlotte, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also have a younger son, Prince Louis, who turned 4-years-old last month. Princess Charlotte is currently fourth in line to the throne, after Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George.