Richard Palmer sat down with co-host Pandora Forsyth to discuss the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stepping up their responsibilities. Ms Forsyth questioned Mr Palmer over who was watching the children of the Royal couple, as their duties had grown. The Royal Family are currently all pulling their weight as they prepare for the up and coming Royal Jubilee for the Queen at the beginning of June. Mr Palmer explained that the Duke and Duchess have a full-time nanny, as well as help from Grandmother Kate Middleton. Ms Forsyth said: "So what happens with the children? "Is that where they very much separate their work sometimes, so that they've always got a parent at home?" Mr Palmer told Express Royal Round Up: "Well I think they try to do that. "You know, clearly they've got a full-time nanny and I think also Carole Middleton steps in.  Mr Palmer added: "I think when we were in the Caribean with them, Carole was looking after the children. "I'm sure with the help of the nanny, but she was in charge for a time as far as I understand it." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been stepping up their Royal duties as the Queen has handed over more responsibility to the Duke of Cambridge and his father Prince Charles. A statement was missed by Buckingham Palace which read: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow.   "At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance." Due to health concerns, Royal author Omid Scobie claimed the Queen needed to save her energy for her up and coming Jubilee celebration, which is happening in less than a month's time. The Royal author claimed it was time for Prince Charles to step up his duties. Mr Scobie tweeted: "The Queen has earned every right to conserve her energy for celebratory moments that the nation can enjoy alongside her. "Now is the time for Prince Charles to do the heavy lifting."  Royal experts have also been speculating that Prince William's father Prince Charles is preparing to take the thrown. Marlene Koenig, a royal historian, told Express.co.uk: “He has been taking on more. “The fact that William was there too. That was his first time in Parliament. “But they were there as counsellors of state. It is not a surprise. “You have a Sovereign who is 96 years old and an heir who is in his seventies — so, it is not surprising that she is delegating.” 