In June 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. The couple also have a son called Archie Harrison, who was born in 2019. Speaking on GB News, The Daily Mail's consultant editor Andrew Pierce discussed the couple's daughter, who will be celebrating her first birthday this weekend, and stated that he still thinks "it's a cheat" that they decided to use the Queen's nickname for their little girl. GB News' host Stephen Dixon said: "For the Queen, she gets to meet her great-granddaughter for the first time. "On a personal level that'll be nice [for her]". Mr Pierce agrees, "that'll be nice", adding, "I still think its a cheat they called her Lilibet'. Mr Dixon's co-host Rosie Wright asked: "Do you think the Queen thinks that?". READ MORE: 'Will be huge fun!' Charles and Camilla spark royal frenzy with new Jubilee announcement Mr Pierce said: "We never know what the Queen thinks. "Except that, we know, the first thing she does in the morning is read her sporting life to get all the racing tips. "No, we don't know what her view is." He added: "I think it was a bit of a cheat because it's a nickname that close people call the Queen. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor with unexpected Frogmore bid "Meghan isn't close to the Queen. The expert added: "I think it was a way of embracing the most important part of the monarchy around their daughter to, sort of, reinforce the royal brand in the United States." The name Lilibet is a childhood nickname of the Queen. It was given to her by her father when she was very young as she struggled to pronounce Elizabeth. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] The Queen still uses the name and it was reportedly used by her late husband, Prince Philip. After the news of Lilibet's birth was officially announced, Buckingham Palace said the Queen and other senior royals had been informed and were "delighted with the news". The birth was also marked with a post on the Royal Family’s official Instagram. Many other royals, including Princess Eugenie the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, also sending public congratulations to the couple. The couple are due to visit the UK this week and the Queen will get to meet her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time.