EastEnders star Frankie Lewis (played by Rose Ayling Ellis) will be left feeling unnerved when Clara, an old University friend, shows up out of the blue in scenes that are set to air this week. While the pair catch up on their current endeavours, Frankie soon realises that Clara leads a good career which threatens an under confident Frankie, who in turn, lies about her job. However, Linda (Kellie Bright), who overhears their conversation, pulls Frankie to one side and confronts her about the lie. In the upcoming episodes on the BBC soap, Frankie bumps into an old friend from university, Clara, who reveals how successful she’s been, leading Frankie to lie about her own success. Meanwhile, at the Vic, Linda overhears and offers Frankie some advice. The scenes come a few weeks after Frankie found herself on the receiving end of Linda's anger, following the latter's showdowns with Mick (Danny Dyer) and Janine (Charlie Brooks) at Tina Carter's wake. Their dispute led to Janine and Danny becoming closer, having the opposite effect to the one intended. READ MORE:Big House Clear Out's Nick Knowles cries over death of stars husband More drama unfolded when Frankie discovered that Janine and Mick had come close to a kiss, leaving the youngster confused by the moment. Mick, who was also flustered after his near-kiss with Janine, lies to Frankie as the landlord finds it hard to come to terms with his feelings. Elsewhere in the soap, a hungover Linda came into The Vic and started drinking again before making a bee-line for Frankie, in which she exchanged some harsh words. Mick, who sees the dispute, is forced to step in and defend his daughter. However, Janine will drop a huge bombshell on Mick and his family when she reveals the news she will be moving to Australia if the judge gives her full custody of her daughter Scarlett. It comes as Janine and Mick face cracks in their romance, as he continues to avoid being intimate in their relationship. Whether she is to go through with her plans is yet to be uncovered, but until then, what Mick will do next could decipher her future in Watford. The conflicted landlord may be forced to address his feelings towards her once and for all. However, Mick Danny had announced he would make an exit from the soap, leaving fans to ponder the future of his character. The actor’s exit scenes are set to air on the long-running BBC soap later this year. Speaking to his daughter Danni on their podcast, Sorted With The Dyers, he said: “I am leaving EastEnders. “I’m very lucky, I’m very grateful, in a sense, when you’re in a job like a soap your contract comes up for renewal. DON'T MISS... “Every time my contract has come up for renewal they have asked me to stay, and I’m very grateful for that, because I’ve seen a lot of people come and go,” The Wall presenter went on to tell the podcast listeners: “It’s very tough.” “So, I always debate whether I want to sign again and I’ve been contemplating for a while now. “Maybe it’s time to roll the dice, take the leap.” EastEnders is set to air these scenes next week on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.