Letizia, 49, a former journalist, married King Felipe VI of Spain in Madrid’s Almudena Cathedral back in 2004. In 2003, Felipe proposed to his bride-to-be with a stunning diamond ring. However, she has refused to wear it since. Queen Letizia’s engagement ring is a white gold band featuring 16 small, princess-cut diamonds. Alexandra Michell, gemologist at Prestige Pawnbrokers, said the ring is “a very impressive full hoop diamond eternity ring set with princess-cut diamonds totalling approximately five carats and set in platinum”. He went on to explain that the diamonds are “of an exceptional colour and clarity”. The ring is thought to be worth more than £35,000, according to Prestige Pawnbrokers. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ Designed by Spanish jewellery brand Suárez, Letizia donned the ring until her wedding day, but hasn’t been seen with it since. Why is this? In a biography about the Spanish Royal Family, called Urdangarin, authors Esteban Urreiztieta and Eduardo Inda unveiled a theory behind why Letizia never wore the ring after her wedding day. The authors explained that King Felipe had sent his brother-in-law, Iñaki Urdangarin, to collect the ring from the jewellery shop located in Barcelona.  At the time, the ring reportedly cost £3,000 from Suárez. Esteban and Eduardo claimed Iñaki paid for the ring using his company’s credit card, which was Nóos. This was a private company that Iñaki founded – and the reason why he was sent to prison. Currently still serving his five-year sentence, the King’s brother-in-law was found guilty of tax fraud, embezzlement, and influence peddling. The royal authors claimed this is the reason why Queen Letizia “decided to return the ring to the shop”, and thus doesn’t – and can’t – wear the jewel. However, this theory has never been confirmed by the Spanish Royal Family. When Letizia married Felipe in 2004, she became a Princess, and only a decade later, when her husband ascended the throne did she become Queen. On her special day, Letizia wore a striking, off-white, silk gown with a high-standing collar, designed by 87-year-old Spanish couturier Manuel Pertegaz. The collar featured heavy white embroidery depicting the fleur-de-lys and ears of wheat, which are details from the crest of the Prince of Asturias. A four-and-a-half-metre circular train was attached to the bride’s head, kept in place by Queen Sofia’s diamond tiara. Letizia’s mother-in-law had worn the tiara decades prior, on her wedding day to King Juan Carlos in 1962. Guests at the wedding included Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, Crown Princess Mette-Marit, Prince Charles, and Prince Albert of Monaco.