Adam Henson, 56, has told a farming conference that threats were posted to him regarding his children. It followed a programme about bovine tuberculosis in cattle, filmed for Countryfile. The issue is highly divisive, as some people demand badgers, which spread the disease, are culled to control it. Others would rather see a vaccination to limit the impact. According to local paper the Western Morning News, Adam explained that he was receiving nasty threats. He said: “There are some very nasty extremists about. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “I have had some serious hate letters from them, things like: 'We are going to burn your children'.” The presenter said the abuse was uncalled for, as he had followed BBC’s impartiality rules. He explained further, however: “This is a hugely emotive subject and we have to realise that there are extremists on both sides of the argument.” The government will announce in the coming weeks whether 70 per cent of the badger population should be culled to prevent the spread of bovine TB. As well as presenting Countryfile for ten years, Adam, father-of-two, runs Cotswolds Farm Park, which conserves rare breeds. On May 13, Adam took to Twitter to announce a career move away from the BBC. The host made the announcement as he asked his fans for their input over what they wanted to see from his new venture. In view of his 61,600 followers, the BBC star shared his big announcement. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Adam wrote: "The news is out! "I’m excited to reveal that the @CotswoldFarmPrk team and I have been working on a brand new YouTube series. “The first two episodes are now live here. "If there’s a topic you’d like me to feature, I'd love to know," he ended his post. He accompanied the post with a picture of him holding two baby lambs. Following the exciting news, Adam's fans flocked to the comments to weigh in on his career move. Judy Illing wrote: "Great news, congratulations!" Adam had to shut his Cotswold farm park in Cheltenham for several months during lockdown, leading him to stress that his business may not survive. He admitted to Radio Times: "I was crying thinking, ‘This is it. We’ve lost the business.’ "But thankfully the furlough scheme came in. But it’s been a tough 18 months," he added.