The 96-year-old monarch beamed on Sunday as she attended the Gallop Through History event at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. Her Majesty even got to see her granddaughter, Lady Louise, pay tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh after the teenager drove the carriage and fell ponies that once belonged to Prince Philip. However, the Queen's attendance at the event was mocked by comedian Omid Djalili. Closing the show, which included 1,300 performers and 500 horses, he said: “Thank you to the Great British public who have shown up tonight, in the back there, wearing comfortable shoes and light rain-wear.” He added: “Your Royal Highness, on behalf of everyone here, we would like to thank you, very humbly, for picking us over the State Opening of Parliament. “You did the right thing, and I won £5 in a bet with my local kebab shop owner in Ipswich.” JUST IN: ‘You chose us!’ Queen's reaction to Windsor Horse Show joke sparks fan frenzy Buckingham Palace revealed that the monarch would miss the event one day before it was scheduled to take place. They said in a statement: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. “At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s Speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.” A new Letters Patent authorised by the Queen was issued to cover the State Opening delegating to Counsellors of State the royal function of opening a new session of Parliament. DON'T MISS: Shock poll shows less than HALF of Scots want to keep Royal Family [POLL]Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [INSIGHT]'I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [REVEAL] This enabled the Duke of Cornwall and Prince William to jointly exercise that function. However, no other functions have been delegated by the Queen so far, according to the Mirror. Prince Charles stood in for his mother and delivered the Queen's Speech, which is used to set out the Government's legislative agenda for the next parliamentary session.