  Deborah James has been honoured with a damehood after raising an incredible £4million for charity, since breaking the sad news earlier this week that she was receiving end of life care following a long battle with bowel cancer. The BBC podcast host, 40, took to Instagram today to share her reaction with her 621,000 followers.     The You, Me and the Big C presenter wrote: “I don’t even know where to start with the overwhelming tears getting in the way. “I’m humbled and blown away that five years of talking about poo can lead to a Damehood! “I feel honoured and shocked that I even got considered,” she admitted. “These last four days of your unwavering support launching the @bowelbabefund to benefit @cr_uk, @royalmarsden and @bowelcanceruk seem like a whirlwind of surreal dreaming when each day I can’t fathom the kindness and generosity. READ MORE: Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour     “£4 Million!!! I can simply only give thanks for the wonderful people in the world and say the most heartfelt thank you for your unconditional support not just now but over the years,” she continued. Deborah went on to admit that she was growing tired, but that she was heartened by the “live-saving” chats her campaigning has helped encourage over the years. “As I’m getting more and more sleepy and finding life a little harder, I’ve had more time to think that I’ve never stopped to realise the impact that our podcasting, and talking, and campaigning has had over 5 years,” she wrote. “Small chats really can save lives, small conversations can create ripples far beyond where we might see them, and seeds might grow where we never see their fruits.      “And there is something exciting and beautiful in that cycle of life,” Deborah penned. “With this money, hopefully more people will have more time with their loved ones. “Who knows what plants we might grow, but when done with hope we pray that some blossom into game changers for our kids, and many more to come. “Keep loving in kindness, with rebellious hope always,” she concluded with a heart emoji. READ MORE... Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT] Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' [UPDATE] Coleen Rooney says viral Wagatha Christie post was ‘last resort’ [NEWS]      Yesterday, Downing Street announced the news of Deborah’s Damehood in a press release, which stated: "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Damehood be conferred upon Deborah James." Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement: "If ever an honour was richly deserved, this is it. “Deborah has been an inspiration and her honesty, warmth and courage has been a source of strength to so many people. “Through her tireless campaigning and by so openly sharing her experience she has not only helped in our fight against this terrible disease, she has ensured countless others with the Big C have not felt alone.”      The Queen's honours are usually announced as part of the New Year Honours or the Queen's Birthday Honours, but they are occasionally given at other times in exceptional circumstances. After a long fight with stage four bowel cancer, Deborah took to social media to bid a heartbreaking farewell to her followers, explaining she didn't know how much longer she had left. The star gained a huge fanbase back in 2016, when she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer at the age of 35. Deborah is married to Sebastien Bowen, and they share two children - 14-year-old Hugo and 12-year-old Eloise.   