Liverpool reportedly believe that Sadio Mane will depart Anfield after the attacker drew up a plan to seal a transfer to Bayern Munich. Mane has starred for the Reds since arriving from Southampton in 2016, winning the Premier League and Champions League in successive seasons. He has again been key this campaign, featuring in an astonishing 50 games and scoring 23 goals. But his contract on Merseyside expires at the end of next season, with no agreement over an extension yet in place. It appears that Liverpool may find it hard to secure such an extension, even if they did try to tie the Senegalese international down to a new deal. According to BILD, Mane is 'likely' to reject the chance to stay at the Reds and is set to instead push for a move to Bayern. The Reds already have the belief that he will not stay at Anfield, even if they offer him a new contract. That has opened the door to a likely departure this summer, with Liverpool now under pressure to sell him this summer if they are to bring in a fee. READ MORE: Mane sparks Liverpool panic with transfer 'promise' as Bayern eye deal His most likely landing spot is Bayern, who are in the market for a new striker, with Robert Lewandowski edging towards a departure. It is stated that Mane is 'leaning very strongly' towards joining the Bundesliga champions as he searches for a new challenge. Mane is said to have already drawn up his plan of how to swap Jurgen Klopp's side for Julian Nagelsmann's team. That plan is to win the Champions League on Saturday when Liverpool face Real Madrid in Paris, before saying his goodbyes and moving to Bavaria. DON'T MISS: Salah 'needs Liverpool' as forward told he could face axe vs Madrid (INSIGHT)Liverpool warned using family link to sign Bellingham won't work (TRANSFERS)Liverpool legend tells Salah 'karma' may strike in Real Madrid final (ANALYSIS) Liverpool now have a decision to make over whether they attempt to sell him this summer or if they keep him and let him leave on a free next term. if they opt for the first option, then it may be difficult to facilitate Mane's desire to move to Bayern. It is claimed that the German giants are only prepared to pay a fee in the region of £25m for Mane, a price they believe is fair given his contract status. Considering his importance to Klopp's team though, the Reds will likely seek far more than that apparently cut-price fee.