Kylian Mbappe’s mother has insisted reports stating the striker has agreed to stay at Paris Saint-Germain beyond the end of the season are “completely false.” And that could give hope to Real Madrid and Liverpool, who are both reportedly interested in signing him. Mbappe’s current deal in Paris is set to expire at the end of June, and the ace has been widely tipped to join Real. But earlier this week it appeared the 23-year-old, who has scored a spectacular 35 goals this season as well as providing 23 assists, was ready to turn his back on a move away from his homeland. And the saga has now taken a fresh twist after his mother Fayza Lamary clarified his position. “It is completely false that Kylian has renewed,” Ms Lamary told Marca. And she went on to reveal that a move to the Bernabeu Stadium “remains the first choice.” Real were desperate to prise Mbappe away from the Parc des Princes last summer as they submitted a £137million bid for the player, despite the fact he had just one year remaining on his contract. The Parisians remarkably turned that offer down, however. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement   But Carlo Ancelotti’s side will be keen to finally get a deal over the line in the coming weeks. Mbappe faced off with Madrid earlier this year when PSG came up against the Spanish giants in the last 16 of the Champions League. The blockbuster star scored in both legs of the showdown as his side took a 2-0 aggregate lead. But Mauricio Pochettino’s men imploded during the second half of the second-leg as they ultimately lost the tie 3-2. Real have since booked their place in the final of the competition after stunning Manchester City with an epic comeback in the semi-final earlier this week. And the lure of moving to a club who could become European champions for a record-extending 14th time later this month, could prove too tempting for Mbappe to turn down. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him     But Real will face competition from their Champions League final opponents Liverpool if they are to land their man. Previous reports have suggested Mbappe would prefer to play for Jurgen Klopp over Ancelotti - so a move to Anfield is certainly not off the cards. The Reds are on course for a historic quadruple this season and could be set to dominate European football for years to come. And the signing of Mbappe would boost the side enormously. But Mbappe would have to take a huge pay cut to join Liverpool. PSG are said to be prepared to offer the player an £85m signing-on fee and £42.5m a season to stay where he is. And Liverpool won’t be able to offer anywhere near those numbers. So the ace clearly has a big decision to make this summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 