The rocker has been unfortunate with his health in recent years. A fall in his home required him to have metal rods pushed through his bones. The star also has emphysema - a condition causing shortness of breath - and has been vocal about his Parkinson’s disease diagnosis. Around the time of his COVID-19 diagnosis, his wife Sharon went on TalkTV for an emotional interview. Despite his underlying health conditions, she was hopeful he would receive a negative test within a week. “I am very worried about Ozzy right now,” she said. “We’ve gone two years without him catching COVID, and it’s just Ozzy’s luck he would get it now.” READ MORE: Statins: Medications could work better with cholesterol-lowering drug say researchers “It’ll take me a week to get my old man back on his feet again, and I will be back [on the show] in a week… We’re gonna get him a negative test by next week. ”Fortunately, the star’s son recently revealed some good news. “He’s doing well,” Jack said while appearing on TalkTV’s The News Desk with Tom Newton Dunn. “I spoke to him shortly before coming in. He just says hello. I’ll save the colorful language, but he says it sucks.” People with Ozzy Osbourne’s underlying condition are more at risk of developing serious COVID-19. Talking before his infection to GQ magazine, the star said: “I’ve got emphysema, so if I get this virus, I’m f-ed.” A review of many studies on Covid has found that the disease is one of the more prevalent conditions among those in hospitals with Covid. “I spoke to him shortly before coming in. He just says hello. I’ll save the colorful language, but he says it sucks.”People with Ozzy Osbourne’s underlying condition are more at risk of developing serious COVID-19.Talking before his infection to GQ magazine, the star said: “I’ve got emphysema, so if I get this virus, I’m f-ed.”A review of many studies on Covid has found that the disease is one of the more prevalent conditions among those in hospitals with Covid.  Parkinson’s can also affect the risk of death and complications for people in hospital with Covid who aren’t vaccinated, according to the Parkinson’s foundation. The rocker, however, has said he was vaccinated in February last year. On Loose Women at the time, he said: “It was like being stabbed. No, my arm was a bit sore yesterday but I’m glad I got it, you know.” Since his fall at home in 2019, the star has been attending therapy. The star has talked about how scary his Parkinson’s diagnosis was, explaining how he gets a “weird feeling” in the morning. "Me left to my own devices is always a bad f idea. I wake up in the mornings and get a weird feeling, like a cloud of doom over me,” the singer told Sirius XM’s Ozzy Boneyard Channel in March.