Known for combining luxury comfort with style, voco Hotels has locations across the UK and is the perfect stay for any upcoming holiday. Enjoy a special stay with the hotel’s new Turn Up service and relax with free amenities when you book a room. The heatwave is the perfect time to book a quick getaway with a loved one and enjoy the most of the summer weather. Just in time, voco Hotels has launched a brand new Turn Up service that offers guests a truly tailored experience to make their stay even more special. Available at select hotels across the UK including favourite voco Hotel Glasgow, voco Oxford Thames and more, the new service will offer guests the chance to enjoy their favourite drinks and snacks on arrival. The service is available on stays from now until May 27, 2022, so hurry to book a stay at voco Hotels here. According to survey results by voco Hotels, 24 percent off respondents desire to have afternoon tea in bed. In addition, 30 percent off travellers want hotels to offer late night comfort food as part of room service. Will Yell, VP Luxury and Upscale Conversion and Affiliate Brands at IHG Hotels & Resorts, said: “From craving connections to desiring the unexpected, the voco Turn Up service rooms deliver on the expectations of what today’s travellers want when they check-in to a hotel.” He added: “The limited-edition services take the existing voco hosted experience to a whole new level of the guest experience, and we look forward to welcoming guests looking to take tea and cake in bed or indulge in a midnight feast with our late-night cravings menu.” To book the Turn Up service rooms, call the select hotels and receive a pre-stay connection call that will cover everything from favourite drinks and snacks to enjoy on arrival to enjoying an in-room massage. Find voco Hotel locations here. Here are the services available at each hotel. Book stays at voco Grand Central Glasgow here. Book stays at voco Oxford Thames here.  Book stays at voco St David’s, Cardiff here.