Jay Blades took to Instagram today to share an emotional update featuring his fiancee, Lisa. The Repair Shop star captioned the post: "THOUGHT OF THE DAY," in view of his 50,000 followers, as he urged his fans to tell their loved ones how much they mean to them. Alongside a snap of himself hugging Lisa, Jay wrote: "You might not have tomorrow to say, 'I Love You.' #sayit." The emotional plea sparked a string of supportive comments from followers, with many admiring his attitude. @jennid64 praised: " Proving yet again what a lovely man you are… Lisa is a lucky lady… but I’m sure you are too!" @sarah197050 echoed: "So true ,you never know what is around the corner I know only too well. READ NOW: Minnie Driver shrugs off backlash over 's**gging' Hollywood actors "If you love someone tell them while you are still here and while they are still here, don't wait." (sic) @Big_David_F chimed in: "Beautiful photograph Jay and Lisa, once again a fine example set by you both. "We must show that love is far stronger than hate. "Demonstrating that, at every opportunity, we must share the love with those closest to us, but also with the wider society." @lehj contributed their own experience of the loss of a loved one, commenting: "So true, I lost a friend unexpectedly yesterday - I wish I could tell her one last time how special she was." @richardaharper1 concurred: "I used to tell my (now late) girlfriend of seven years, everytime we met how much I loved her. Now I tell her in my thoughts and memories. "There's never a wrong time to tell someone you love them!" @Veronicam1967 added: "Tomorrow is never promised Jay. x" DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [LATEST] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern's rare admission about children with secretive partner [UPDATE]  Jay has had plenty of experiences of life's unpredictable ups and downs during his rocky road to TV fame. The 51-year-old previously told the world of how he had lived in poverty on a rat-infested council estate after his father abandoned the family when he was a baby. He then became homeless at 21, with just a single carrier bag of possessions to his name. In spite of his success on The Repair Shop, history repeated itself for him as an older adult too, following the break-up of his previous marriage with ex-wife, Jade. "I was homeless. You heard me right – yes, homeless. Everything fell down for me," he confessed to the Daily Star, telling of how he'd driven away and left his wife the family house. After his business and marriage failed, the tough times even led Jay to contemplate suicide. "The state that I was in, I would have taken my own life, and I came close," he revealed. Yet now Jay, who has also been learning to read following a TV show where he told of his illiteracy, has found great happiness with fiancee Lisa.