Emma Raducanu has been offered four pieces of advice from Bianca Andreescu after the Brit’s injury retirement. The British number one trailed their Italian Open encounter 2-6, 1-2, before declaring she could no longer continue in the match. The concern surrounding the US Open champion continues to mount as she is plagued by yet another ailment this year as she adjusts to the physical demands of the bruising WTA tour. Andreescu, who has suffered a plethora of injuries since her New York triumph in 2019, offered some guidance to the teen who looks to recover from her latest setback, citing nutrition, game plans, training and scheduling. “I think that you really have to experience it to really know what you need,” said Andreescu post-match. “But you're playing the best players, you really have to have the right nutrition, the right game plan, like physically, mentally, emotionally, everything. “It's not easy being on tour. From January to end of October, that's a long time. You really have to schedule your training properly, your competition, all of that. You also have to know that injuries are a part of the game. But the best thing you can do is try to prevent. I think that's kind of the advice I can give her.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu raises French Open fears with comment on latest injury setback   During her lengthy spells on the sidelines, Andreescu had to remain mentally strong and astutely select when to play tournaments while managing pain. This is a crossroads in which the world number 12 currently finds herself, and the Canadian tennis star thanked her team for supporting her through such challenging times. “I feel like now I know myself and my body more and more, so I'm able to make that decision for myself,” said the 21-year-old. “But I do have an amazing team, as well, that's very experienced and has been in the sport for a long time, so they also help me. “I feel like I'm the type of player that always wants to go. Maybe just like her. I would love to play every week. When they do see me like that, they also help me. They'll tell me to chill. I'll take maybe take a day off, two days off. DON'T MISS  “Even after the two days off, I play even better than maybe if I played those two days. It's kind of like a back-and-forth thing.” Following a disappointing end to her debut campaign in the Italian capital, Raducanu said she was unaware of the extent of her injury until she began to play. "I was definitely disappointed with how today went, but I guess I wanted to give it a try," she said. "I never really knew how bad it was until I kind of went out there. I'm still learning when it's right to push my body and push through it, and when it's not. I guess that's something I'm learning at these tournaments. "After Madrid, I thought that maybe taking one, two days off, it would just go away because a lot of the other small niggles I've had, they've kind of gone away after taking two days off."  