  ITV presenter Katy Rickitt, who is married to former Coronation Street star Adam Rickitt, bid a fond farewell to her TV colleague Duncan Wood yesterday. Duncan announced his decision to step down after sparking concern amongst his colleagues last month when he was absent due to “health issues”.      Duncan has worked at ITV Calendar for 19 years and has spent a total of 32 years at ITV. Katy worked with Duncan on ITV Calendar throughout her time on the show, though the presenter has recently made a return to the channel’s popular Good Morning Britain. Following the announcement from ITV that Duncan was leaving, Katy took to Twitter to wish him all the best in view of her 20,600 followers. “I feel honoured to have worked alongside a real Telly legend!” she wrote. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial     “You’ll be so missed @duncanwooditv but I wish you every happiness in the next chapter. “Thank you for being my partner in crime,” she added. Katy then took to Instagram to share a series of cute snaps from their time working together. “Wishing the lovely @duncs62 all the very best for the future as you exit @itvcalendar stage left after 19 years!” she captioned the photos.     “I feel so very lucky to have had the chance to work with a true telly and Yorkshire legend and be your fleeting telly wife! “Thanks for all the advice and the laughs… Now go be amazing in everything that awaits.” Duncan bid an emotional farewell to ITV via his own Twitter page earlier today. “Today is my last appearance on the good ship Calendar @itvcalendar,” he wrote. READ MORE... Matthew Perry has ‘always been in love’ with Friends co-star Courteney [NEWS] Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders [NEWS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [TRIAL UPDATE]     “It’s been a fantastic ride and I hope you can join the team at six for my fond farewell message! (I sneaked in last night for one last go!)” he added with a tearful emoji. Yesterday Duncan confirmed ITV’s announcement that he was leaving the show. “It’s a wrap! Tough decision but one I’ve thought long and hard about,” he tweeted. “Thank you ITV for 32 rollercoaster years of live telly and to the amazing team @itvcalendar I shall miss you greatly!” (sic) Addressing his friends and fans a few hours later, he penned: “Thank you so much for all your kind messages, I’m overwhelmed, and promise I will get through them and reply to you all as soon as I can.     “The last 32 yrs at #ITV @itvtynetees #GMTV and @itvcalendar have flown by and I’ve loved every minute of it #livetelly you can’t beat it!” Back in March, Duncan worried his followers about his absence from ITV calendar, and soon confirmed it was due to “health issues”. On March 30 he tweeted: “Hi folks, been away from here for a while and absent from @itvcalendar for a good few weeks. “I’m recovering from some health issues, making progress, and hope to be fit and well soon. “My heartfelt thanks to all the #NHS staff for their help and support. Take care all.”   