Meghan Markle and Prince Harry famously lived in Frogmore Cottage as working royals where they spent £2.4million in renovations. However, Kate Middleton and Prince William privately own Anmer Hall in Norfolk, which is where they stay during holidays and when breaking from royal duties. With just a week until the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, property experts have estimated the costs of the UK's royal residences.  The research also suggested the cost to rent each property, along with the cost of a mortgage and the time it would take to save up for a royal residence. The value of the Queen’s UK property portfolio has reached new heights in 2022, with the figure more than £3billion according to a new study. Research has estimated that Her Majesty’s royal property portfolio may be worth up to £3.7billion, with royal residences including castles, palaces and luxurious lodges across England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. The study, from retirement property experts McCarthy Stone, uncovered the cost of the Sovereign's royal homes as the UK celebrates the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June.  READ MORE: Duchess channels her inner Mary Poppins in Edwardian-style dress They looked at how much it would cost to buy or rent the spectacular British landmarks. According to the study, Frogmore Cottage would cost just £21,600 to rent. The home would require a £1.8million deposit which would take an average of 73 years to save for. The average property cost in the Windsor location is roughly £538,057 according to the research.  On the other hand, Anmer Hall would cost a whopping £54,000 to rent. It would require a £450,000 deposit, which would take 20 years to save for. Also, properties in the Norfolk area cost roughly £277,321. What is Anmer Hall like inside? The country mansion, which is located in the Queen’s Sandringham estate in Norfolk, has 10 bedrooms and even a swimming pool and private tennis court.  Since the Cambridges acquired the property from the Queen, the refurbishments have reportedly cost £1.5million. The Duchess was also given the opportunity to decorate the inside of the home and, according to one expert, its design is suited to Kate’s personal style and preference. Steph Briggs, Celebrity TV Interior Designer & Co-Founder of La Di Da Interiors previously told Express.co.uk: “This property has been sympathetically updated by William and Kate, beautifully refreshed but still retaining the period features, making these a focus point. “Centuries ago, these rooms would have been decorated in rich burgundies and sage green filled with dark wooden furniture and panelling. “From the images, we can see that today this is now a comfortable modern family home, emphasising creating a welcoming and relaxed environment through their choice of decor and furnishings.”  The expert added: “Kate is rumoured to have designed it herself, alongside the renowned architect and designer Ben Pentreath, and it is very much in her personal style of Modern Classic. “From the muted pale green-grey tones of the walls through to the limestone-coloured doors and woodwork, the period features are embraced yet brought up to date with a nod to the on-trend Nordic style. “Her [Kate’s] knowledge of art history is evident in her well balanced and respectful interior choices. “Her house clearly has magnificent heritage, but it is also relaxed and comfortable with a curated modern look.” 