Express.co.uk has been speaking to Monika Wassermann about the condition. Wassermann says the emergence of monkeypox in the UK “is linked to a case of an individual who got back in the country after spending some weeks in Nigeria”. Wassermann added: “The initial victim might have spread the disease to people he contacted, though all safety measures were put into practice.” Despite the safety measures put into practice, monkeypox continues to spread slowly through the UK; so far just a small number of cases have been identified. READ MORE: Dementia symptoms dismissed as ‘just getting old’   Symptoms of monkeypox include:• Headaches• Chills• Swelling lymph nodes• Rashes• Fever• Raised bumps• Fatigue• Joint pain• Muscle pain• Back pain. With regard to whether the public should be worried Wassermann said: “Generally, the public should worry less about the spread risk of monkeypox. “It has a slow poor infection rate and hence cannot easily spread from one person to another, explaining the low infection rate in the country.” Wassermann added: “With the initial infected people isolated, a breakout is very low.” Nevertheless, it is recommended people remain vigilant of the symptoms. Although there is no great cause for alarm, this hasn’t stopped other health agencies getting concerned. The CDC (Centre for Disease Control and Prevention) in the United States has expressed concern over the outbreak in the UK. In a statement they said: “We do have a level of concern that this is a very different than what we typically think of from monkeypox. “And we have some concern that there could be spread outside the UK associated with this.” Unlike other diseases such as coronavirus, monkeypox does not spread very rapidly. The virus is only spread through large respiratory droplets The CDC said: “Respiratory droplets generally cannot travel more than a few feet, so prolonged face-to-face contact is required. “Other human-to-human methods of transmission include direct body contact with body fluids or lesion material, and indirect contact with lesion material, such as through contaminated clothing or linens.”