Cristiano Ronaldo has forced a revamp of Manchester United’s training ground swimming pool, according to reports. The Portugal international often leaves no stone unturned as he strides to be operating at the peak of his powers. And, now, he’s got his way behind the scenes. According to The Mirror, Ronaldo complained that United’s swimming pool was ‘old’ and a ‘health hazard’. He apparently told bosses at the club’s Carrington training complex that he didn’t want to use either the main or plunge pool. And this, apparently, was because ‘loose, chipped and missing tiles made it a danger’. Ronaldo called on the club to re-tile and refurbish the pools, admitting he was shocked they hadn’t changed since Sir Alex Ferguson’s time in the dugout. United chiefs, behind the scenes, took his complaints seriously. And the pools are now set to be upgraded in time for pre-season, with players in the squad due back in July. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ronaldo has been unhappy with the facilities at United since returning from Juventus in last summer’s transfer window. And it’s stated the pools have been on his ‘hit list’ in the short time since. Ronaldo’s rented home in Cheshire apparently has an indoor swimming pool so he didn’t have to use the one at Carrington. And more behind the scenes details have emerged, too. United apparently spent around £200,000 installing a new boiler after the old one impacted the training ground last winter. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And their current facilities are believed to pale in comparison to the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Tottenham. Last year, United applied for planning permission to build new changing rooms, offices, gyms and catering areas at Carrington. A source is quoted as saying: “Cristiano is an important voice at the training ground. “In the past players might have said something but nothing happened. “If Cristiano speaks up, people listen, take notice and things tend to change!” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, Ronaldo is set to be part of Erik ten Hag’s squad at United after the 52-year-old talked up the veteran. Yet Jamie Carragher thinks the Dutchman would be better off getting rid of the Portugal international instead. "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced,” he said. “Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. “Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. “Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. “Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. "Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world."