A huge rise in catalytic converter theft in the UK has led to a police-backed, national scheme to tackle the issue. Drivers will be able to have their catalytic converters marked with a unique, invisible and unremovable solution that has reportedly been proven to deter thieves and help police identify stolen property. Some 40,000 catalytic converters were stolen in the UK alone last year, with a combined value since 2019 of more than £16million. Catalytic converters, especially older examples, contain small amounts of precious metals which can be harvested at scrap. The introduction of the scheme follows an initiative led by the National Infrastructure Crime Reduction Partnership and supported by Toyota and SmartWater, which achieved a 57 percent reduction in catalytic converter theft. Authorised MOT stations and other aftermarket companies gain an additional revenue stream through marking and registering their customers’ catalytic converters. READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles Owners will then have their vehicles protected by SmartWater and their catalytic converter recorded on a “National Asset Database”. The process can be carried out as an additional service to an MOT or regular vehicle servicing. With the vehicle on the ramp, a special SmartWater high temperature product is applied directly to the catalytic converter and the unique formula reference number is logged on the database against the vehicle registration number. Deterrent labels are also affixed to the vehicle, issuing a warning to would-be thieves. DON'T MISS Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [REVEAL] Now campaigners want ELECTRIC cars to be taxed more as they 'pollute' [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'avalanche' of fines as councils get new powers [WARNING] The National Asset Database ensures that any marked catalytic converters, once recovered, can be identified and traced back to the specific vehicle they were taken from. This method is reportedly much more effective than the impression of serial numbers, which can be seen and easily removed by criminals. That’s because the technology is invisible to the naked eye and only glows yellow under UV light. The SmartWaterHT is almost impossible to remove and any attempt to do so results in thieves’ clothing, tools and location being contaminated with incriminating evidence. Gary Higgins, Chief Operations Officer, said: “There is clear appetite within the UK automotive market for a simple and easy solution to combat vehicle crime. “SmartWaterHT is a highly-proven deterrent to criminals and rogue scrap metal dealers as it makes stolen parts too hot to handle. “I believe that, together with the support of garages, service centres and the police, we can continue to drive down this crime and create a better and safer society for all.” Catalytic converters are fitted to all cars with a petrol engine manufactured after 1993 and are designed to reduce the harmful pollutants emitted from vehicle exhaust pipes. Drivers will know if the catalytic converter has been stolen from the underside of their car, even if the damage isn't visible at first. The exhaust will no longer be connected and make a much louder noise when driving - so much so that it will be impossible to not detect. Motoring association MotorEasy estimates the average cost to replace a catalytic converter is up to £1,300, with over £900 of the cost being parts. However, the AA says claims have amounted to anything between £2,000 and £3,000 when the devices have been sawed away from the exhaust.