Andy Murray’s old weapon will be used against him in his Madrid Open match against Denis Shapovalov. Murray will be facing the world No 16 for the first time since his former coach of five years Jamie Delgado joined the Canadian’s camp. The Brit enjoyed his most successful season under Delgado but his old mentor will now be able to expose Murray’s tactics to Shapovalov. Murray and Shapovalov will meet in the second round of the Madrid Masters on Tuesday night in what is their second meeting, and their first since Murray’s former coach started working with the 23-year-old. After the former world No 1 parted ways with Delgado in the off-season, the Canadian approached him and appointed him as his new coach. Delgado had joined Murray’s team in 2016 and been his big weapon during the most successful season of his career that year, as he won a second Wimbledon title, second Olympic gold medal and ascended to the world No 1 spot for the first time. While the British coach isn’t in Madrid with Shapovalov, he will be in close communication with the world No 16 and be able to expose all areas of Murray’s game to his new young charge. The Birmingham-born coach was still in Murray’s corner when the current world No 78 took on Shapovalov for the first time in the Wimbledon third-round last year, with the former top-10 player defeating him 6-4 6-2 6-2 before going on to reach his maiden Grand Slam semi-final. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu gives honest view on new tennis sensation Carlos Alcaraz   Delgado had previously compared Shapovalov to Murray and admitted he would be using his time with the three-time Grand Slam champion to help the 23-year-old develop his game. “I think it’s exciting for me, he’s at a totally different stage in his career to Andy where Andy has won everything and he’s been around the block 50 times and knows everything,” he told Prime Video in February. “And Denis is trying to get onto that next step and really challenge for the biggest titles. So it’s my job to sort of help him along that process and explain how, from my experience with Andy, how he went about his business and see if a little bit can rub off on Denis.” DON'T MISSRafael Nadal's Madrid Open request confirmed by tournament directorDjokovic ex-coach already has new player as Serb still finding formEmma Raducanu told she 'doesn't need' full-time coach following split   Murray defeated former world No 3 and 2020 US Open champion Dominic Thiem 6-3 6-4 in his opening match on Monday while Shapovalov overcame lucky loser Ugo Humbert 7-6(1) 6-3. It had been the Brit’s first clay match in almost five years and afterwards he said: “I had hardly played on clay for the last five years really. “I did four weeks of training on it before coming here so I maybe felt more comfortable on it than I usually do at the start of the clay season. I played well. I thought Dominic was playing well at times but he has obviously just started playing again so is making a few more mistakes than usual. But I was happy with how I played. I moved particularly well.” 