Coronation Street's Faye (played by Ellie Leach) has had some heartbreaking setbacks in the recent months after she discovered she had a phantom pregnancy and her body had entered early menopause. The health issues have since caused a rift between Faye and boyfriend Craig Tinker (Colson Smith), and he soon revealed he wanted to put a hold on their journey to start a family together. Now official ITV spoilers reveal Faye is embarking on her own journey to figure out how to resolve her issues, but she will put her father first. Recently, Sally (Sally Dynevor) and Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) had a romantic night away after winning some raffle tickets, but their evening took a turn for the worse after Tim suffered a health issue. He had been suffering from erectile dysfunction after his heart bypass and decided to take some viagra to help, ignoring the warnings. After a steamy kiss with his wife, Tim's heart began to fail and the pair ended up spending the night in hospital. Tim overheard Ronnie Bailey (Vinta Morgan) telling Sally he was sorry their night ended badly and assumed she had told him what had happened, resulting in Tim attacking Ronnie. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue In upcoming scenes, Faye quizzes Tim about his row with Sally because of the incident with Ronnie. She advises her father to confide in Sally and tell her the truth about his issues and go and see the doctor for some help. Tim attends his appointment accompanied by Sally and reveals to Dr Gaddas (Christine Mackie) that he has been suffering from impotence. She advises him she will alter his medication and see how he gets on, with Sally supporting him. Elsewhere, Faye reveals she’s been referred to a fertility specialist after she was diagnosed with early menopause. After speaking with the specialist, Faye decides she wants to research alternative therapies to HRT on the internet. Beth Sutherland (Lisa George) advises Faye to avoid dodgy websites and go with the HRT as the doctor knows best. Faye’s left disheartened and speaks to Craig, where he secretly wishes his mum would shut up and leave them to deal with the issues themselves. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Hope Stape kills Phill  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Karen McDonald's link to Jacob Hay rumbled [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Ken Barlow's home destroyed  [WATCH] Actor Joe who plays Tim has recently opened up about highlighting the medical condition and touched on how it will affect Tim and Sally's relationship. Speaking about how he first felt when reading the storyline and how it could impact the Metcalfes' marriage, he explained: "I thought this storyline was great. "I loved it when I was first told about it. I thought it was a brilliant storyline because it is taken seriously but has a mix of the Corrie comedy as well. "I didn’t think it would spell the end of Tim and Sally because I think they would be crazy to split them up, but I think it’s a good way to challenge their relationship and create drama and conflict between the two of them without anyone having an affair. "It’s a great idea to see how their relationship works through something so intimate and personal as this, considering how sexually active they are." Touching on how Tim felt when he overheard Sally and Ronnie's conversation, Joe said: "Tim is full of rage! "His first thoughts are, 'How dare Sally betray me in front of someone that I don’t know?' He thinks that Sally has shared his secret with another man, and that has made him feel incredibly emasculated. "He also thinks that Ronnie is trying to get off with his wife, so he is feeling jealousy, rage, embarrassment and humiliation. "In true Corrie style, he goes up to Ronnie and punches him in the face. Tim feels that this is warranted." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.