In a video for Dobbies Garden Centres, a gardening expert shared “how to grow speedy windowsill crops”. Growing salads and herbs indoors is a great way to garden for those who don’t have outdoor space. Herbs can be used in a plethora of dishes and can add greenery to a room all year round. The fragrance of herbs can also create a pleasant smell in the home. The gardening expert said: “It's possible to grow tasty crops on a windowsill. “Meaning it's easy to get a homegrown fix if you don't have much outdoor space.” Gardeners will need multipurpose compost, speedy salad seeds, sprouting seeds, a plastic window box, small watering can, a glass jar and a fine sieve. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly  Start by filling a plastic window box with multi-purpose compost and watering gently. Next, sprinkle seed on the surface of the compost. Make sure the seeds are not wasted and sprinkled on surfaces or floors. The seeds needs to be covered with a light layer of compost.  DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS] Ensure any compost lumps are broken up. Place the window box on a bright windowsill that doesn’t get too much direct sunshine. The seeds should shoot and grow fairly quickly. Water them occasionally to keep them hydrated. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those who don’t have the space to grow crops on their windowsills, gardeners can grow sprouting seeds in glass jars. Put a few seeds in a lidded jar and cover with water and leave them overnight. Drain the seeds in a fine sieve and rinse them with clean water. Return them to the jar and the seeds should begin to sprout within 24 hours.  Repeat the rinsing and draining process a couple of times a day until the sprouts are ready to eat. This is usually when the seeds turn green. The sprouts can be eaten as soon as they’re ready - this is often within four days. Give the sprouts a final rinse before adding them to salad or dishes.