Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's departure from the Royal Family has sparked questions over whether the royal couple will return or become Hollywood celebrities. PR expert Lida Citroen has claimed that the celebrity route is "more natural" for Meghan but "not as comfortable" for Harry. Speaking on Us Weekly's Royally Us, Ms Citroen said: "I think what was interesting in Tina Brown's book is, I think there's this idea that Meghan grew up in celebrity. "When you grow up in celebrity, there's a lot you take for granted and looks to be in place in a royal institution but it isn't the same. "The responsibility, the loyalty, the protocol is different. "It would probably feel more natural to her and I'm guessing to want the celebrity. "There's a lot of risk that comes with that, there's a lot of treacherous landscape. READ MORE: Royal Family: Major first as Queen hands William huge new role "I think that might be something Harry's not as comfortable with because he grew up in a very different culture which is the institution's culture. "I could see them almost pulled in different directions. "Meghan going celebrity and Harry still feeling the comfort of the institution but still attracted to the freedom of celebrity." Host Christina Garibaldi added: "I feel like that could be a recipe for disaster but I hope not." It comes as Meghan's animated show about a young girl has been dropped by Netflix. ewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside David Furnish - filmmaker and husband of Sir Elton John - according to an announcement published on the Archewell website last July. Pearl has been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. DON'T MISS Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan 'damaging the Crown' as Queen given 'little option' [INSIGHT]Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [ANALYSIS] It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with other animated series. Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers.