The video shows Ukrainian soldiers firing the Brimstone, as well as the NLAW new generation shoulder-mounted anti-tank weapon, at Russian tanks and heavy vehicles. A number of enemy vehicles emblazoned with the letter “Z” are filmed blowing up after direct mid-range hits from Ukrainian ground troops. The footage was released by the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence.  A statement from Ukraine's forces said: “From the first days of the open invasion of Russia, the support of our foreign partners has played an important role in countering enemy forces. “Weapons, material and technical means that give us fellow countries are our strength on the way to victory. “We are learning fast and learning new weapons. And foreign instructors help us master them without delay. After all, we are fighting not only for the land. “We fight for our principles, history, senses, for the very existence of the Ukrainian people, their values and freedom. “And we are grateful that along this way, the titanic support is given to us by the partner states of the free world. Together for victory.”    The Brimstone has been designed to be fired from small military vehicles. The adapted model allows Ukrainian forces to attack enemy tanks and heavy weaponry from the ground, without the aid of warplanes or drones. The weapon came into service in 2005 but an updated version was supplied to the Royal Air Force in 2016. It is a mid-range missile which can strike using laser-seeking guidance or autonomous targeting. READ MORE: Liz Truss calls for NATO to expand around the globe [REVEAL]   Meanwhile, Ukraine reported that it has deployed many of its new US M-777 howitzers at the front lines of the conflict. The US embassy said it had delivered all but one of the 90 artillery pieces they were due to send. The M-777 howitzer consignment is part of a huge outlay of weapons from Washington to help Ukraine fend off Russia's invasion. The M-777 is seen as particularly significant because of its long range and accuracy. DON'T MISS: Russian troops retreat back to just nine miles from border [INSIGHT] Military spy chief sends message to Putin as Kremlin coup launched [REPORT] Walls close on Putin as Finland officially confirms NATO bid [REVEAL]   The US embassy reposted a Ukrainian military video of Kyiv's soldiers training to use the weapons. The video was accompanied by the following caption: "M-777 Howitzers in action. Part of the United States' most recent $800 million care package for the Ukrainian Armed Forces. "All but one of the 90 Howitzers sent by the United States are now in Ukraine, many now deployed on the front lines." US President Joe Biden has made further requests from Congress to supply $33 billion (£27 billion) to Ukraine to help fight against Russia’s continued advances.   