Queen Elizabeth II is the first British monarch to reach 70 years on the throne and to celebrate the unprecedented anniversary, a number of events and initiatives are due to take place over the special bank holiday weekend, from Thursday, June 2, to Sunday, June 5. From public events to community activities, the Royal Family will be paying visits to many parts of the UK - but where exactly? With a number of the royals switching the nature of their roles over recent years, and some even relocating abroad, many may wonder where each of them might be and how they might be celebrating over the holiday. The Queen has also been keeping appearances to the minimum over the past few months following medical advice, due to her bout of well-documented health issues. Most of the Queen's royal duties have been carried out virtually since catching Covid in February, posing another question on if and how many events the Queen will attend over the weekend. The four days of celebration will see several events take place, but what might these events look like and who is likely to be there?  READ MORE: Queen health update: Monarch could miss Queen’s Speech  A number of senior royals will embark on a tour of the UK over the extended bank holiday weekend. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will be visiting Wales, the Earl and Countess of Wessex are due to visit Northern Ireland, and Princess Anne will visit Scotland. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will likely attend events in London, however, it has not yet been confirmed what events the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be attending. In a statement on Friday, Prince Harry and Meghan confirmed they were “excited and honoured” to attend the commemorations for the Queen’s Jubilee with their eldest son Archie and his sister, Lilibet. The senior royals touring the UK will be following in the footsteps of the Queen and her late husband, Prince Philip, who travelled the country for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee in 2012.  The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend will kick off on June 2 with the sovereign’s official birthday parade, Trooping the Colour. The event will see the colour be trooped by the first Battalion, and Irish Guards and more than 1200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division will put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade, with hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. In total, 18 members of the Royal Family will be gathering on the famous Buckingham Palace balcony - but only those of the working royals. This means Prince Andrew, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle will not be joining the Queen and her family on the frontage.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's UK trip questioned as Netflix 'wants grievances' to air [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry balcony appearance would 'jeopardise' trust in royals [ANALYSIS]When is Parliament back? How Queen's speech could spell doom for Boris [EXPLAINED]    But according to ITV News, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra, and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, should be. A Buckingham Palace source is reported to have said the Queen’s decision to only include the royals carrying out official public duties was taken “after careful consideration”. Among the events mentioned, there will also be the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral due to take place on Friday, June 3. At the moment, the Queen is considered to be attending but the 96-year-old monarch, who is currently suffering mobility issues, will likely use a different entrance instead of the steps. The Queen, accompanied by members of the Royal Family, is also due to attend the Epsom Derby on Saturday. June 4.  The Platinum Jubilee Pageant is due to take place on Sunday, June 5, which will see the Gold State Carriage be led by the Sovereign’s Escort to the Queen Victoria memorial. The Pageant will bring to life iconic moments of the Queen’s reign, a statement from Buckingham Palace reads, but while the Queen won’t personally be travelling in the carriage, there is due to be “a fabulous surprise”. The Queen’s attendance at these events is due to be officially confirmed, with suggestions this could even change on the day. A Palace spokesperson said: “The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself.” 