Max Verstappen will be gunning for three F1 wins in a row for just the second time in his career when he takes to the starting grid in Barcelona this weekend. Despite lying second overall in the drivers' championship, the reigning world champion is undoubtedly the current man to beat after dominant wins in both Imola and Miami. After a faltering start to the season, when Red Bull were hit by reliability issues, the team has recovered and, following his successive victories, the Dutchman has cut Charles Leclerc's lead to 19 points after five of this year's 22 races. And this week he'll return to the venue of his first F1 win in 2016, when the then 18-year-old capitalised on early collision between Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg. He has only once before delivered three straight wins – at last year's French, Austrian and Styrian Grands Prix, a run that gave him title-winning momentum, albeit that the latter two races were both held at the team's home Red Bull Ring circuit. And having returned home after America for a brief break, the young star has cited the need to continue his momentum in Spain. "I have a lot of good memories at this track from my first win, when I was 18," he told France24. "Hopefully, we can keep the momentum we have built up in the last few races and have a clean start to the weekend." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton feels 'much more relaxed' for Spanish Grand Prix despite Mercedes woes Ferrari are reportedly bringing upgrades to Barcelona as they bid to recapture the pace which saw Leclerc notch wins in two of the opening three races, but it's not a prospect that Verstappen appears concerned about: "We had an incredible week in Miami," he added. "I've had some time to rest with my family since then and now I'm looking forward to driving again." In a new era for the sport, with brand new regulations introduced with the aim of making racing more competitive, Red Bull and Ferrari have proved the clear front-runners. In the constructors' championship, it's the Scuderia who hold a slender lead over their rivals with just six points between the two. DON'T MISS:F1 fans split on whether Lewis Hamilton should be banned for refusing to obey FIALewis Hamilton won't like Toto Wolff's new comment a month after Mercedes pleaEx-McLaren mechanic reveals engineers 'fought not to work on Lewis Hamilton's car' But Verstappen has previously insisted he's happy to play 'the hunter' for now, having already trimmed Leclerc's lead down from 34 points after the race in Australia. He has compared the situation to the 2021 title run-in, where it was Hamilton who was chasing him down. “I like the position I'm in at the moment, knowing that the car is quick,” he said. “And, for example, at the end of last year, of course, I was the one who was being hunted. That was actually not a great position because I knew that we didn't have the pace anymore. I knew it was going to be very tricky to the end."