As the cost of living crisis cripples Britons’ finances, people are being urged to turn to the DWP for help. Figures show state pensioners are missing out on benefits like Attendance Allowance and Pension Credit which could be worth up to £4,800 a year. More than two million pensioners are living in poverty, according to the latest figures from Age UK. Despite this, the older generation is the age group which is most likely to be missing out on benefits from the DWP. Nearly three and a half (3.4) million pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which is paid to state pensioners who have a disability or health condition. At the same time, 800 000 Britons are not claiming Pension Credit which not only tops up their pension, but also acts as a gateway to additional benefits and “freebies”. READ MORE: Money saving hacks: 10 proven ways to slash your HMRC tax bill  Attendance Allowance applicants don’t need to have a full time carer to apply and it could be worth up to £370 a month. Exactly how much they’ll receive will depend on how much their condition affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. The lower rate works out at £60 per week, while the higher rate is £89.60. People who need help during the day and at night could get the higher rate of £89.60. DON'T MISSPIP claim: Thousands could be owed up to £5,000 from DWP [ALERT]Cambridge Building Society offering five percent interest [UPDATE]Savings warning: The one action ‘guaranteed to lose you money’ [WARNING] Who can claim Pension credit? Pension Credit pays people extra money to help with living costs if they’re over State Pension age and on a low income. To qualify for Pension Credit someone needs to be earning less than £177.10 per week, £278 for couples. Pension Credit can also help with housing costs such as ground rent or service charges.  Pension Credit claimants could also get a reduction on their council tax, a free TV licence and help towards energy bills. Things like free prescriptions and money towards energy bills could help people who are struggling to make ends meet. State pensioners may also be able to get grants - poverty charity Turn2Us has a tool on its website for people to check out which grants are available in their area. It could be worth people getting in touch with their energy suppliers as some are also offering help to customers struggling to pay energy bills. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea State pensioners may be able to claim: To find out more people can go to Gov.uk. 