The report also found JK Rowling's popularity grew after she was accused of being "transphobic" for appearing to suggest someone who has a menstrual period is a woman. Rowling jumped back into the top five most popular authors with children, in the latest annual report from reading programme developers Renaissance Learning, who work with over 7,000 schools. Rowling's Harry Potter books occupied the top three places for favourite reads among primary school pupils. But it is the lack of improvement in reading understanding among secondary school pupils that is the most shocking finding. The study showed that children in primary schools showed a much higher quality of comprehension than secondary pupils when reading books of the same level of difficulty. And while pupils in primary schools read progressively harder books as they get older, for those in secondary schools the degree of book difficulty plateaued and then actually declined. Professor Keith Topping, Professor of Educational and Social Research at the University of Dundee, who carried out the research, said: “Older children are failing to progress from primary level books.” The study found that after year seven the difficulty of favoured books declined sharply, with the move to secondary school having a significant effect on this choice even among highly motivated readers. The 2022 ‘What and How Kids Are Reading’ report found comprehension ability had remained unchanged over three years, but children had on average been trying to read more challenging books.  Encouragingly, the number of books read for pleasure by children was 11 percent up on the previous year after hitting an all-time low before 2020’s lockdowns following continuous declines since 2005. Professor Topping added: “In primary schools, average book difficulty rose as pupils got older, but in secondary schools it plateaued and eventually declined. Older pupils in secondary school were still reading the same difficulty of books as upper primary pupils. “David Walliams, Roald Dahl and Jeff Kinney - who wrote the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series - all feature in the top ten most commonly read authors in secondary school and the same three top the primary school table. "It is striking how, from Year 7, the difficulty of favoured books declines sharply, with the transfer to secondary school having a significant effect even on highly motivated readers. “And the overall reading comprehension of primary school children is better than secondary school pupils. “The amount of time allocated to reading self-chosen books in secondary school is less than in primary school. And we know that reading performance is directly related to the amount of time reading such books. “However, this does not explain why secondary pupils read books of the same level of difficulty as upper primary pupils but with a lower level of quality of comprehension. “This suggests that secondary pupils are just more careless than primary pupils. Maybe if they read books that were more challenging for them they would feel an urge to concentrate better.  “Otherwise we are in the realms of speculation.” JK Rowling was found to be the fourth most popular author overall across all ages, while among primary pupils Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows was voted their favourite book, with Harry Potter & the Prisoner of Azkaban second, and Harry Potter & the Order of the Phoenix third. Prof Topping was encouraged by the fact that primary pupils are reading and understanding Rowling’s books even though they are far more difficult than the typical books read as part of the National Curriculum for that age. Rowling, who sparked a storm of accusations that she was “anti-trans” in 2020, went from only the 12th most popular author among all children in the 2020 report, to seventh in the following year's, and now fourth in the latest report, which has been released now giving the results of reading habits for the 12 months to August 2021. Among primary pupils, she had not even featured in the top 10 most popular authors in the report of three years ago, before a resurgence of popularity. The 20th anniversary of the first Harry Potter book in 2021 may have contributed to Rowling's recent popularity.  In secondary schools, A Good Girl’s Guide to Murder by Holly Jackson became the favourite read, knocking Rick Riordan off the top spot, while graphic comic-like novels featured in the top 10 for the first time. New entries into the list of secondary pupils’ most popular authors included Jackson, and Alice Oseman, writer of the Heartstopper series. The Renaissance report was compiled in conjunction with the National Literary Trust, who also provided data which showed just over half of eight to 18-year-olds said they enjoyed reading either very much (21.6 percent) or quite a lot (29.9 percent). The survey questioned children and carried out various comprehension tests across the UK and Ireland. 