Stranger Things will be making its long-awaited comeback after last airing on screens back in 2019. Production on the Netflix drama was hampered by the COVID-19 lockdown but the show is finally coming. Given the large gap between seasons, some viewers are looking for a refresher on the big plot points. Express.co.uk takes a look at the fate of Billy Hargrove (played by Dacre Montgomery). Billy was the aggressive teenage stepbrother of Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink), who was verbally and emotionally abused by him. However, Billy’s source of anger was revealed to come from his own abuse at the hands of his father. Max and Billy were introduced in season two with the latter becoming a major antagonist by the third outing. Billy was possessed by the Mind Flayer in a homage to Invasion of the Body Snatchers. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? The Mind Flayer used Billy to kidnap and collect hosts for the Spider Monster, which the creature was using to kill all the people of Hawkins. Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) discovered the Mind Flayer’s plans after it told her and tracked them down the Starcourt Mall. Still in the form of Billy, the Mind Flayer battled with the gang including Elven, who entered the teen’s mind and witnessed his last memories of happiness. She got through to Billy and spoke to him about this memory, leading the Hawkins lifeguard to shed a tear and sacrifice himself to stop the Mind Flayer from killing Max and her friends. Before his heroic and ultimately redemptive demise, Billy regretted his behaviour towards Max. Billy was killed by the Spider Monster after he refused to let it murder Eleven, leaving Max devastated. The trailer for season four opens with Max by Billy’s graveside, saying in voiceover: “Dear Billy, I don't know if you can even hear this. “Ever since you've left, everything's been, a total disaster. For a while we tried to be happy, normal. I know that's impossible.” DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 3 recap: 5 key plot twists ahead of season 4 [INSIGHT]Is this the last season of Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: What happened to Eleven's mum in season one? [ANALYSIS] Although Billy may be gone, his sacrifice hasn’t been forgotten with Max and the gang very much indebted to him. Speaking to Vulture in 2019 about Billy’s death, Australian actor Montgomery said: “I really hope people will associate Billy with what he did in the end. “I really tried to humanize [sic] him as much as I could, especially with what I was able to get included about his parents.” He went on to say about his dual role in season three: “I really enjoyed this dynamic of playing two wildly different characters — one is misunderstood, and the other is trapped on the inside of a body as ‘Flayed Billy,’ or whatever you want to call it.” Montgomery added it was “incredibly difficult” to play but he “loved” the challenge. Given the supernatural nature of Stranger Things, there has been speculation Billy could return, but much like Barb Holland (Shannon Purser) it looks like the character is six feet under - and not in the Upside Down. Season four has been split into two halves with seven episodes dropping on May 27 and the last two instalments hitting Netflix on July 1. Although there will be a wait for between the two parts of the season, this outing has the longest running time to date with a total of 13 hours over nine episodes, meaning some instalments will almost be feature-length movies in their own right. Stranger Things season 4 part 1 will be released on Netflix tomorrow