Police in Spain have launched a murder investigation after the 80-year-old victim’s body was discovered just after 6.30pm on Wednesday in the city of Elche near Alicante, Costa Blanca. No arrests have yet been made.  Local reports said the unnamed woman had been shot at least three times at her home on a residential estate called Urbanizacion Torre Azul between Elche and the nearby town of Torrellano. The victim is understood to have suffered gunshot wounds thought to have been fired from close range. Police are understood to have increased patrols in the area recently after complaints from some locals about an increase in the number of break-ins. The horror unfolded when concerned neighbours are thought to have raised the alarm with police who found her body after a plumber went round for an arranged visit and got no answer when he knocked on the front door. Local reports also said concerns were raised when neighbours reported hearing noises similar to gunshots. A spokesman for Spain’s National Police said: “We are investigating the death of a British woman who was shot dead at a property in Elche. We are investigating it as a murder and can confirm she was shot dead. “The alarm was raised around 6.30pm yesterday/on Wednesday.  READ MORE: 'It's a joke!' Brits slam Spain's new alcohol rule limit in Majorca “She was 80 years old and lived alone. “No arrests have yet been made and the investigation is ongoing. We are not in a position to discuss the possible motive at this stage.” A source close to the investigation said the possibility she was shot by intruders in a violent burglary had not been ruled out. Police have not confirmed if anything was missing from the crime scene. A post-mortem is due to take place in Alicante in the coming hours. The victim, who well-placed sources said was going to be 81 in October, had lived alone for several years after the death of her husband. DON'T MISSBritish holidaymaker, 50, seriously hurt in Magaluf hotel fall [INSIGHT]Fury as British expats face chaos over UK driving licence ban in Spain [INFO]Holidaymakers advised to 'leave watch at home' to 'save hundreds' [REVEALED] It is not yet clear if her next-of-kin have been informed. Although her body was initially thought to have been discovered by the police after calls from neighbours, one local report said a plumber called to the property by the expat found her lying dead himself and dialled 999. Officers dealing with inquiries on the crime have not yet been confirmed who discovered her body first. The plumber was thought to have been called to the property by its owner following a problem caused by heavy rain. A police tape was still in place around her villa on Wednesday. One neighbour told Spanish press two strangers he described as a couple dressed in black had been seen walking on the residential estate on Wednesday afternoon but was unable to offer any more information. He said: “I wasn’t able to leave my house yesterday because I’ve got a problem with my leg. The dead woman lived alone. I knew her from sight.”