Last week, viewers were thrilled to see the return of the BBC series Silent Witness. Actress Amanda Burton also made her comeback to play Sam Ryder and fans were kept guessing as to whether she had something to hide. However, the latest episode was centred around Dr Nikki Alexander's (played by Emilia Fox) ex-husband Tom Faulkner (Matthew Gravelle) who made a surprise appearance. The latest episode of the BBC series saw Nikki's boyfriend Jack Hodgson (David Caves) grow suspicious of his love interest as he realised she was hiding something from him. Not only did Nikki conceal Tom's DNA evidence following two high-profile murders, but she also failed to mention her connection to him. It was only when Jack questioned her about it, that she came clean and said Tom was her ex-husband. However, Nikki wasn't convinced that her ex was guilty and decided to help him to try and prove his innocence. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? The duo decided to go back to the murder scene to see if they could find any clues. However, Jack was hot on their heels as he turned up and pleaded with Nikki to leave with him. Before Nikki got the chance to go, she found a vital piece of evidence that would clear Tom's name. It was only then revealed that Tom was being set up and he was the next target to be killed. The episode ended on another cliffhanger when Nikki questioned Sam about DNA fabrication after the pathologist discovered blood samples in the killer's hotel room. However, before she knew it, Sam pocketed one of the samples without Nikki's knowledge. This led fans to believe that Sam could have turned "dodgy". Speaking about the series during an appearance on The One Show, Emilia and David discussed what fans can expect in upcoming scenes. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'life can be hard' as he gives series update [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald explains why she didn't leave family home until 45 [VIDEO] David even recalled one scene which involved the cast getting out of a helicopter. "Alex mentioned at the top of the show, David about this Tom Cruise situation that you feel like you had in this series," Jermaine Jenas began. "Do you want to kind of talk us through it?" David laughed before he recalled what it was like to film the scene, he replied: "I am a big Tom Cruise fan and the start of the episode is us getting out of a helicopter." "I wasn't flying it but Cruise would have been flying it himself, sadly I was not," he added. "We got out of it and we had a very cool moment getting out of the helicopter. "I was worried that the rotators were going to take off...cut my fringe. "I was slightly ducking but it was a great way to start the new series, a very cool way." Silent Witness airs on Monday at 9pm on BBC One.