Tottenham’s 3-0 win against rivals Arsenal in the north London derby has thrown open the race to clinch the fourth Champions League qualifying place - and Son Heung-min has taken aim at the Premier League for what he believes to be fixture scheduling "madness". Antonio Conte’s side entertain Burnley at noon on Sunday knowing that only victory will put real pressure on the Gunners when they play Newcastle the following evening. Tottenham have been left stunned by how quickly they are having to turn themselves around between kick-offs. The gap between start times is just over 64 hours. Only the six teams involved in festive Boxing Day and December 28 double-headers - a controversial tradition which managers are desperate to abolish - have faced a tighter schedule. And as the season enters its final week with so much riding on each game, it is no wonder feelings are running so high. “To be honest looking at the schedule it is madness,” Son said. “We are playing Thursday night and Sunday with a really early kick-off. “It is a really quick turn, we need to do everything to recover, good food, good sleep, this is the most important thing. And then get ready to go again. It would even be good to have a night kick-off, although if you win the early kick-off it is always good. “Early kick-offs are hard -  it feels like you wake up and you go to play the game. Especially Thursday to Sunday is a really quick turn. But this is the schedule, we can’t change it and we need to be ready for every situation which we will do.” Following the mayhem of an electrifying north London derby on Thursday, Son’s preparation - and that of his team-mates - will not have been helped by an understandably restless night. “After a game, I will try my best to sleep. I struggle as well, but what can I do? If I am struggling I still have to try my best to recover. For me sleep is one of the most important things to help with recovering and I’ll do my best. I will do it.”  Luckily, at times like these Antonio Conte seems to have enough energy for everybody. “He has been fantastic, some of the players have already spoken about this,” Son said. “Before he arrived we couldn’t believe we could arrive in the Champions League spot. What he brought to the club was incredible, the passion, the energy, the positivity. Look, he has brought so many things. It is only 10 more days left, we have to give what we can, we have to squeeze all that we have.” After facing Burnley, Spurs end their season away at already-relegated Norwich, while Arsenal host Everton who could still be playing for their Premier League future at the Emirates. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here