The fearsome Breaking Bad actor, who plays the role of the drug smuggler Tortuga, battled liver cancer in 2010 but made sure to keep it between his family and close friends, although he admitted his secretary said she had to listen to him “whine like a little girl”. He described the ordeal while promoting his “wearable Viagra” product called Giddy to The Sun. Giddy is designed for men to keep an erection without using pills. Trejo said he was a fan of his own product because he is “scared” to take pills because of his liver health. “I’m scared to death of taking too many pills, you know, I literally beat cancer on my liver so I don’t want to start putting stuff in there,” he told the publication. At the time of his diagnosis, doctors found a 10cm tumour on his liver. READ MORE: Erectile dysfunction diet: Six dinner foods to lower your risk of impotence symptoms Because of the size of his tumour, the doctors were unable to perform chemotherapy so gave him “injections” instead, he explained. There are a couple of injections that can be used to treat liver cancer. Trejo could be referring to selective internal radiotherapy, which is sometimes used to treat cancer. The NHS explains: “This is where radioactive beads are injected into your liver's blood supply to stop the cancer growing.” DON'T MISSStatins: Three supplements that may worsen side effects [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares secret to longevity [TIPS]Fungal infections kill more people than breast cancer [INSIGHT]  SIRT may be offered to adults whose liver may be too badly damaged for other treatment. “They gave me injections right into the tumor, three times, seven needles, and boom, after about six months, I came back and they said, ‘You’re cancer-free',” he said. The star also explained how he was “making major money” which meant that he was unable to tell people he had cancer. “I couldn't tell anybody that I had cancer.   “I always say I had just suffered in silence. But my secretary laughs she says 'In silence except for me - I had to listen to you whine like a little girl'.” He even tried not to lose weight while working for fear of his acting contract being pulled if people found out. Losing weight without you trying is one of the major symptoms of liver cancer.   According to the data by Cancer Research UK, liver cancer accounts for 6,200 new cancer cases every year in this country. The symptoms of the condition include feeling tired and having no energy according to the NHS. You may also find that you develop jaundice, in other words, your skin or eyes have turned yellow. You may also develop flu-like symptoms or a lump on the right side of your tummy. 