The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are travelling from California to the UK for the celebrations which kick off next Thursday. But columnist Amanda Platell said she fears Harry and Meghan could "overshadow" the Royal Family during the four-day weekend. Ms Platell highlighted Meghan's visit earlier this week to lay flowers at a memorial for the 19 children and two teachers killed in a school shooting in Texas. She suggested the Duchess could have "done it another way" rather than "appearing so poignantly in front of the world’s press". The commentator also highlighted how the Sussexes were accompanied by a photographer during a trip to Los Angeles National Cemetery for Remembrance Day in 2020. Writing in the Daily Mail, Ms Platell said: "Given that kind of form, I shudder to think what Megs might have dreamed up to grab the Jubilee limelight. "I’d remind her the coming days are a celebration of the indefatigable Queen who has dedicated her life to service, not self-service. "Having abandoned their royal duties and Britain, vilified the ‘racist’ Royal Family and heaped opprobrium on Prince William and Prince Charles, what right do the Sussexes even have to be here? "Will Oprah Winfrey fly in with them to rain on the Queen’s parade? "I believe I speak for many when I say: Harry and Meghan, you are not welcome. Please just stay away." READ MORE: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans Harry and Meghan's visit to Britain will be the first time they have returned with their family since quitting royal duties for a new life in the US. It is not known which parts of the four-day weekend of celebrations they will appear at. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." DON'T MISSMeghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [ANALYSIS]Sussexes' absence from Jubilee would have left 'everybody mortified' [INSIGHT]GB News host rubbishes claim Meghan Markle had to go to Texas [VIDEO] The Sussexes will not join members of the Royal Family for Trooping the Colour on Thursday June 2. The Queen has limited the appearance to working royals only. Other events during the bank holiday weekend of festivities include a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the Party at the Palace and the Jubilee Pageant. Harry and Meghan's return follows tensions with the royals in the wake of Megxit. The Sussexes, who ditched royal duties in 2020, made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021.