Mohamed Salah will be looking to send a firm message to Liverpool owners FSG by inspiring the Reds to yet another Champions League title with a man-of-the-match performance in Saturday's final against Real Madrid. The Egyptian ace has led the charge for Liverpool this season with 31 goals in all competitions and will be expected to carry much of his side's attacking burden at the Stade de France in order to seal European glory this weekend. Salah was forced off early on with a dislocated shoulder when Liverpool faced Real Madrid in the Champions League final back in 2018 and has already underlined his desire to exact revenge at the next time of asking on Saturday. The 29-year-old also recently insisted that he feels he is among the world's very best players in a stark warning to the Spanish giants ahead of their next duel in Paris."If you compare me with any player in my position, not only in my team but in the world, you will find that I am the best," Salah told beIN Sports earlier this month."I always focus on my work and do my best and my numbers are the best proof of my words. I like to always create a new challenge for me, to work in a different way and to make a difference and that is my duty." JUST IN: Jack Grealish warned Ibiza celebrations could cost him World Cup spot If Salah manages to back up his claims with another influential performance on the biggest stage of them all, it could give FSG plenty of food for thought with regards to his ongoing contract situation at Liverpool. The winger has been locked in talks over an extension for some time but is yet to strike an agreement with the club's hierarchy in spite of his important role in shaping their trophy-laden exploits over the last few years.Liverpool are believed to have been reluctant to meet Salah's exorbitant wage demands, which would reportedly make him the highest-paid player in their entire history by some distance. Talks between the Reds and the player's representatives are expected to resume after Saturday's final, with Salah potentially able to swing proceedings in his favour by reminding those in power of his worth in Paris over the course of this weekend. It has recently been suggested that Liverpool could decide to cash in on Salah in the upcoming summer transfer window in order to avoid losing him for nothing when his current deal runs out at the end of next season. He has already insisted that he will be going nowhere for the foreseeable future, though, when quizzed on whether an exit could be on the cards before the new campaign gets underway."In my mind, I don't focus on contracts at the moment, I don't want to be selfish," Salah told reporters at a press conference earlier this week. "I am staying next season for sure, that's clear." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here