A recent Rightmove survey revealed that 63 percent of homebuyers claimed having access to a garden or outdoor space is a priority, especially in post-pandemic living. St. Modwen Homes have unveiled five tips to “instantly” increase the value of your property by sprucing up your garden. According to the experts, a pergola is a “must” this summer. They said: “The hugely popular and trending garden accessory of 2022, the pergola, is a great way to boost your garden space. “With Google searches up by 80 percent, you can be sure your garden will be the talk of the neighbourhood, as this popular trend is set to be a must-have this summer and for years to come.” A pergola creates a comfortable space outside that provides shelter at the same time, perfect for the unpredictable UK weather. READ MORE: Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ The experts added: “If that wasn’t enough to convince you to start pergola shopping, research suggests it could increase the value of your home by up to £4,980.” However, pergolas can be expensive to buy, especially if going for one with a patio deck. One “easy way” to increase the value of a home is to ensure it is gated and secure. This is often a must for prospective buyers. DON'T MISS:‘Steer away’ from certain interiors as it can ‘put buyers off’ [EXPERT]‘Best’ way to clean ovens using ‘natural ingredients’ [EXPLAINER]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [COMMENT] Outdoor wall lights also offer an extra level of security. The experts explained that a shed is also likely to add value to your property. A shed is a great way to safely store anything from tools and equipment like bikes and footballs. Sheds with electricity are also great for using as an office, a feature which has become so popular for many. The experts said: “Creating this extra area to your garden is the perfect way to immediately improve the value of your property without the cost of a full extension. “Also add a sense of luxury to your garden by installing a beautiful patio, the perfect space to BBQ, relax, and sunbathe this summer.” They provide an outdoor space where the grass and plants can be protected without walking over them. The experts also said they can increase the value of your home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For homeowners wanting to take their gardens to the next level, St. Modwen Homes experts recommended splurging on a garden pod. These versatile structures can be used in a whole variety of different ways. They can be used as a home gym, an external office or a perfect dining area. Garden pods could also increase property value by up to five percent.