With the Platinum Jubilee fast approaching, Queen fans are on the lookout for merchandise, but some have questioned where all the affordable and traditional items have gone. The Platinum Jubilee kick starts on June 2, with a four-day bank holiday weekend to mark the historic occasion.  Typically, royal events spark a large amount of merchandise being made, from tea towels, mugs and cutlery to biscuit tins, teddy bears and plaques. But one royal fanatic, who has spent her life collecting royal goods, was shocked when on the hunt for Platinum Jubilee merchandise after discovering extortionate prices and a lack of “the usual” items. Anita Atkinson, 65, believes the reason behind the lack of merchandise is due to the Queen’s health. Ms Atkinson said: “The manufacturers are afraid to spend money on memorabilia because the Queen is described as being frail.  “They are worried about spending money in advance and producing thousands of items in case something happens to her.” Ms Atkinson has dedicated her life to researching royal history and collecting memorabilia, with 12,442 different items currently in her collection. Previously, Ms Atkinson claimed local stores stocked a whole range of merchandise for affordable prices, with the price of a Platinum Jubilee plate costing £60 and a set of souvenir spoons costing £35. Having visited local shops like Poundland and Poundstretcher, Anita was surprised to find no merchandise in the stores, with big companies normally stocking up on merchandise in advance of the big occasion.  READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp calls out fake BBC announcement Speaking of previous royal events, Ms Atkinson said: “There were other cheap shops back then. “Merchandise used to be a lot more affordable but now, if you want something, you are having to go into places like Selfridges and Harrods and a lot of people can’t afford to do that. “I went into Liberty in London the other day on the hunt for some items and found a tea caddy with 15 tea bags for £15. “Most people are just looking for the cheap, disposable things that cost £1 not £15.  DON'T MISS:Queen gets heartwarming tribute from 3-year-old impersonator [PICTURES]One in twenty adults have never spoken to their neighbours [INSIGHT]Queen wants royal family around her after refusing to condemn Harry [COMMENT]   “Manufacturers aren’t putting money into producing lots of merchandise this year out of fear the Queen might not make it to see the Platinum Jubilee.” Despite this, in recent weeks it appears more merchandise is being sold in convenience stores across the country, with some royalists saying they are “struggling to pick”. Merchandise is available to shop online, but with the cost of mugs reaching up to £35, some are looking more local for their goods to mark the occasion. Some of the items available include a biscuit tin for £15, a corgi decoration for £25, and a set of four souvenir spoons for £35 from The Royal Collection. Selfridges have also released a Queen-themed Jubilee hamper for £80 that includes Walkers shortbreads, Platinum Jubilee tea from Ahmad, salted caramel chocolate crowns from House of Dorchester, and a commemorative tin. 