Bernie Taylor (played by Clair Norris) is struggling with her decision to be a surrogate for Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) and Rainie Highway (Tanya Franks). The baby was conceived via IVF and is biologically Stuart and Bernie’s child however the call centre worker has given her baby boy to the Highways. EastEnders fans will know Bernie is not entirely comfortable with her decision but will she exploit Stuart’s drug addiction past to her advantage? In Tuesday’s EastEnders, Stuart continued to hide the fact he had started taking painkillers from Rainie. The undertaker feared telling his wife the truth would only cause her to worry. However, when the new mum discovered her husband’s secret stash she was furious with him for keeping secrets. He explained: “I thought I could manage and today I could for a bit but then I can’t do it without something.” Read more: EastEnders theory: Chrissie Watts returns to for revenge “Fine,” Rainie replied. “Then talk to me like I said before we do it together hiding it is not a good sign.” “Look, it was a mistake,” Vi Highway interjected but Rainie refused to listen. Vi continued: “Look at the date on this box, he’s had it a week, look how many are left.” “You knew about this?” Rainie asked Vi who explained she’s been helping her grandson. “Of course and he’s been taking less than he was prescribed,” Vi said. Rainie asked her husband: “Why didn’t you tell me? You knew I’d support you, help you. “There’s no need to be ashamed. Are they helping?” Stuart admitted the painkillers were a comfort to him and Rainie suggested a compromise. DON'T MISSEastEnders Frankie Lewis left shaken as face from the past returns [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Tommy Moon's football career ruined over secret [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Family torn apart by Rainie and Mitch affair [INSIGHT] “I keep them and when you need one, I mean really need one, you come to me no one else,” the undertaker warned. Although the truth is now out in the open, Stuart’s battle with addiction will continue to haunt him. While he tries to recover from his cancer treatment, Bernie has found it uncomfortable seeing her son being looked after by the couple in Walford. Stuart’s addiction past is no secret but Bernie may exploit his need for painkillers to her advantage. The surrogate may become desperate and resort to drastic measures to gain access to her son. If Stuart accidentally took a higher dose of painkillers than he planned, this may cause him to become dependent on the drugs and work in Bernie's favour if she launched a custody battle. Will Bernie find a way to trick Stuart into taking more tablets and jeopardise his family’s future? Or with Rainie’s help will Stuart recover from his operation without relapsing? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.