Chloe Carmichael is a money saving expert and founder of Chloe’s Deal Club. She helps Britons save money on beauty and home items by sharing amazing deals each week. She explained how she has a no-spend month.  So, can you really spend no money in a month? Chloe says: "Yes, but planning and budgeting are key."  Well, it doesn't mean spending absolutely no money that month - which would be almost totally impossible. However, it means limiting your spending to just the essentials, such as bills, rent, and food. Just think how much money you would save in this instance! However, it won't be easy for those who are used to spending frequently. READ MORE: 'Truly helped me to save thousands': Woman who paid off £20k debt details savings rules Chloe said: "If you regularly spend, it’s probably not realistic to say ‘I’m not going to spend any money this month’ (apart from your bills, of course) because you’ll feel so restricted. "Build it up slowly by starting with one no-spend day a week and eventually work up to a few days a week. "It’s a great feeling once you build the habit and you’ll feel empowered." Chloe gave Express.co.uk readers her top tips for starting with a no-spend day and moving on towards a no-spend month. She said: "Check out Etsy for ‘no spend trackers’ which you can print off and keep track of the days you do and don’t spend money. "They’re usually less than £1 or you could make one yourself!" DON'T MISSMum's money saving rules to save £1,560 a year on food [ADVICE] How I saved £1,000 a year making cuts like switching from Sky [EXPERT] 'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 [ENERGY] Budgeting is few people's idea of a dream activity. For those who struggle to get their head around the concept, Chloe broke down a handy set of tips. She said: "I know budgeting sounds boring and restrictive, but it’s game-changing for feeling in control of your money. "If you currently don’t have a budget, take some time this week to write down your money coming in and out and see where you can reduce your outgoings. "It can seem daunting, but you’ll feel good once you’ve done this. "My two best budgeting tips are to pay yourself first and give yourself ‘fun money’. "Treat your savings like a bill and pay into it on payday - even if it’s only £10 you can put into your savings it’s a great place to start. "Give yourself ‘fun money’ each month which you can spend on whatever you’d like. "We can sometimes feel guilty about buying ourselves things or going on a night out, especially if you’re trying to save. "So, by giving yourself a pot of money each month it removes that feeling and lets you enjoy spe_nding."