Millions of people are missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) like Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). These act as gateway benefits to other freebies like a free TV licence and free prescriptions, helping them make even bigger savings. A quarter of households are struggling to pay their bills, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics. However, some people could be missing out on Government help - £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Claiming Universal Credit could mean someone is up to £7,300 a year better off, while Pension Credit is worth up to £3,000 per year. Not only that, but claimants might also qualify for things like a free TV licence and free prescriptions to help ease the pain associated with the cost of living. READ MORE: Carers missing out on £3,345 - benefits and freebies can you claim Just because someone has a TV doesn’t mean they need a TV licence. However, if they use it to watch or record programmes as they are being shown on TV or live on an online TV service, or to download or watch BBC programmes on demand, including catch up TV, on BBC iPlayer, they need a TV Licence. The cost of a colour TV licence is currently £159 a year but people who claim Pension Credit and who are 75 or over could get one for free. Some 850,000 pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which could enable them to a free TV licence, dental care and council tax. DON'T MISSState pension to hit £10,600 as triple lock returns - £1,000 extra [UPDATE]Unpaid carers struggle: ‘How am I meant to survive?’ [WARNING]Council tax refunds: 25 councils due to payout £150 in May [ALERT] While NHS prescription charges will remain at £9.35 per item this year, costs soon add up if someone relies on medication every month. People who rely on certain benefits can get their prescriptions for free while currently all over 60s don’t have to pay either. Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s could be axed in the future as the Government is proposing to increase the age in-line with the state pension. To check eligibility for free prescriptions, people can ask their local benefits office or go online at NHS.uk. In total there are 30 additional benefits Britons might qualify for including reduced travel, capped water bills and help towards energy bills. Jobseekers may also be entitled to free or cheap broadband from TalkTalk, Virgin Media and BT. Parents can get further help such as free school meals, discounted childcare costs and food vouchers for kids as part of the Healthy Start scheme. People who apply for Personal Independence Payment (PIP) could also apply for a disabled Facilities Grant worth up to £30,000 to make changes at home. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some other benefits include: