Jose Mourinho has already committed his future to Roma for next season after being quizzed on the prospect of managing Newcastle. The former Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham boss has guided the Giallorossi to the final of the UEFA Conference League but the club will not be playing Champions League football next season after missing out on the top four. Yet Mourinho is confident his side can change that next season when he's confident his Roma side will upset the apple cart. It's been a season full of ups and downs for Mourinho at the Stadio Olimpico following his surprise return to Italy, where he previously managed Inter Milan. But he's not planning a return to the Premier League just yet... "In this moment, everything is very calm because I have two more years of contract," Mourinho told Sky Sports. READ MORE: Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axe "The club didn't approach me to try to extend so they don't put me in a situation of accept or don't accept. Everything is calm, stable and that is the way it has to be. "I have to finish the season as best we can and 100 per cent start next season because I am not looking for a change, my people know that. "I couldn't leave the club in my second season, I couldn't do that to the club. So next season I am here." When quizzed on whether managing Newcastle would tickle his fancy, Mourinho cited his unique and special connection with Sir Bobby Robson - something that has allowed him to appreciate the magnitude of the North East club. DON'T MISSSeven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-upSolskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer "I learnt what Newcastle is and how to like the club very much through Sir Bobby's eyes and heart," Mourinho added. "I'm very happy that they found their stability. Eddie (Howe) is doing good work, the club gave the tools for a change in the January market and I wish them the best." Mourinho had previously seen his name linked with the St James' Park hot-seat following the sacking of Steve Bruce. Howe has since worked wonders following heavy January investment worth an estimated £90million. The Magpies are now 13th in the Premier League table, some nine points clear of the drop zone. Newcastle appointed Howe on a contract until 2024 and a more than happy with the work he is carrying out on Tyneside. There is optimism that with the right signings, Newcastle could be challenging for Europe next season. The Magpies host Arsenal next Monday before finishing their campaign on the road at Burnley on May 22.