According to sources, the 85-year-old, who has been sovereign of the Vatican City State since 2013, was wheeled into the Paul VI Hall at the Vatican for a meeting of a Catholic organisation of sisters and nuns. This comes after he has been suffering for months with pain specifically in his right knee. The pain has had crippling effects on his mobility. Before Thursday, it was reported that the Pope was only able to walk 10 metres from the side entrance to his seat, but has most likely been advised to stay in the wheelchair to help his knee heal. This is not the first time the religious leader's knee pain has interrupted or disturbed his schedule. But his current ailments are not expected to cause any changes to his upcoming engagements over the next few weeks. Although there has been no official announcement as to what the problem with the Pope’s knees are, sources have reported that he is suffering from chronic arthritis - a painful joint condition. In the past, Pope Francis has spoken about an injured ligament in his knee, for which he said he would get treatment for that involved anti-inflammatory injections directly put into the joint. It is unclear whether this therapy has begun yet or not but, back in April, the Pope said he was mainly treating his knee pain by regularly putting ice on it and taking painkillers.  READ MORE: Two Covid symptoms you should take 'really seriously' as new variants reported in the UK  Along with pain and aching in one or more joints, chronic arthritis can cause the following specific symptoms: In addition to these, individuals can suffer from more general symptoms. These can include fatigue, a high temperature, sweating, loss of appetite and weight loss. Dry eyes and chest pain can also be caused by rheumatoid arthritis due to inflammation spreading around the body. It is advised that when suffering from any of the above symptoms for a prolonged period of time, individuals should seek medical advice. When seeing a GP, individuals will have multiple tests, physical examinations or scans to achieve a correct diagnosis. The NHS also explains that genetics also may play a part in who is affected by the condition. There is some evidence to suggest that rheumatoid arthritis can run in families, although the risk of inheriting it is thought to be low, as genes are only thought to play a small role in the condition.  Hormones and smoking are two other possible risk factors, although both have not been proven and only some evidence has suggested a link between the two and rheumatoid arthritis. Once diagnosed, treatment for chronic arthritis can be recommended. It is important to note that there is currently no cure for the condition, so treatment helps to reduce inflammation in joints, relieve pain and prevent or slow down joint damage. Medications that are typically given to rheumatoid arthritis patients fall into two categories: disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and biological treatments. The first, DMARDs, ease symptoms of the condition and slow down its progression. They work by blocking the effects of the chemicals released when the immune system attacks the joints. This means that any possible further damage to the bones, tendons and ligaments is prevented.  Biological treatments on the other hand, are a newer form of treatment. They are usually given if DMARDs have not been effective on their own. Biological treatments are administered through injection and aim to stop chemicals from activating the immune system in the first place. Other medications such as painkillers and steroids can also be used to relieve pain and help individuals to carry out their daily lives. This type of medication is usually used to provide short-term pain relief – for example, when waiting for DMARD medicines to take effect or during a flare-up. In addition to medication, physiotherapy is a common treatment used to help improve fitness and muscle strength. This allows joints to become more flexible and overall help individuals to live with rheumatoid arthritis. Similarly to what the pope said he was using, a physiotherapist may recommend using heat or ice packs, or transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). A TENS machine applies a small pulse of electricity to the affected joint, which numbs the nerve endings and can help ease the pain of rheumatoid arthritis. 