Adele has taken to Instagram to confirm that she and her boyfriend Rich Paul have moved in together after a year of dating. The Someone Like You singer, 34, shared a series of loved-up snaps with her beau as she reflected on their relationship. In view of her nearly 50 million followers, the superstar announced the exciting news in a loved-up post which has so far garnered more than four million likes. Adele captioned the set of pictures: "Time flies," alongside a kiss emoji. The first snap featured a shot of the loved-up couple holding sets of keys as they posed in front of their luxury home. Adele donned a pair of yellow-tinted sunglasses and a long, brown coat which she paired with black trousers and trainers. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Meanwhile, Rich leaned into his girlfriend as he wore an all-grey outfit and grinned as he held up his new keys. The second picture showed the Rolling in the Deep hitmaker laughing behind a McDonald's counter as she served a smiling Rich. In the third, Rich was gazing lovely at his Tottenham-native partner as they attended a sporting match. Another sweet snap showed the Klutch Sports Group founder lovingly kissing his partner on the lips in a behind the scenes shot. The final picture showed Adele holding a message from a fortune cookie, which read: "You have found good company- enjoy." Earlier in the year, it was claimed the megastar was purchasing a "$58million property" which previously belonged to Sylvester Stallone. The singer already owned three homes in Beverly Hills before splashing out on the luxury mansion. It is said to boast 21,000 square feet, 12 bathrooms and eight bedrooms and was designed by Richard Landry. DON'T MISS...Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE]Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [INSIGHT]Sophie Turner formed 'coping mechanisms' filming Game of Thrones [ANALYSIS] Additionally, it's said to feature a formal living room, professional movie theatre, cigar room and home gym. The Rocky actor purchased the mansion in the '90s and initially listed the property for $110million. In May, he reportedly slashed the price to $85million. He reportedly dropped the price even further to $80million in October. In a previous interview with Rolling Stone, Adele has hailed her relationship with Rich as being "incredible and openhearted." They became an official couple last summer after having reportedly met at a mutual friend's party several years before. They went on to spark romance rumours after attending the NBA Finals in July and then again in August. Adele confirmed the romance after sharing a post in September which she added a red heart emoji to.