According to Netweather, the weather will begin to warm up on Thursday, with highs of 21C in the midlands and the southeast. By Friday, temperatures of 25C will be seen in the southwest, while parts of Scotland will reach 19C. The forecaster has predicted 21C in the midlands and 22C in London. According to weather forecaster Phil Morrish, the warm temperatures will be caused by high-pressure building across the UK. He told Express.co.uk that the sunny conditions will continue from the end of this week (May 27) all the way through the Jubilee weekend, which ends on June 5. Mr Morrish said: "The weather this week has been rather unsettled. "We've had some rain coming in from the west but as we go towards the jubilee week, air pressure looks like it is starting to rise. "By next Saturday it's starting to build across the UK, which will bring some finer warm and sunny conditions with temperatures next Saturday up to 20C, or 21C and 22C. "Now high pressure looks like it's going to stay around in the vicinity for the following week, which of course is the jubilee week, with some fine, warm and sunny conditions with temperatures up to 24C in the south and up to 21C in the north. "So a pleasant bank holiday with plenty of warm sunshine for those jubilee days, as on the charts at the moment. "But certainly after an unsettled week, things look a lot better." READ MORE: Most intense heat for 20 years' to cook Europe in 42C blast Conditions this week are set to be changeable before the warmer weather hits. According to Netweather forecaster Ian Simpson, the UK could see thunder, as well as rain showers and cool weather. He said: "Low pressure will move away north-westwards early next week, bringing a cooler showery day on Monday with plenty of clouds and limited bright or sunny intervals for most. "There is potential for some thunder mixed in with the showers in the west. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Brits can expect 'return of something warmer' [INSIGHT] Saharan dust cloud to descend over Europe amid thunderstorms [REPORT]UK heatwave: June SCORCHER as 28C Spanish plume to bake nation [INSIGHT] "There will also be some longer spells of rain for East Anglia and the south-east. "Tuesday looks set to be a day of sunshine and showers, with more sunshine in between the showers. "Some of the showers could again be thundery, this time, especially in the east." Mr Simpson added: "Another low-pressure system looks set to bring a spell of wet and windy weather on Wednesday, but by Friday it looks likely that high pressure will be covering most of the country. "There is some uncertainty over the positioning of the high pressure, but it looks probable that southern Britain will be dry and predominantly sunny by the end of this coming week."