Inflation rates jumped by two points from seven percent in March this year, the latest Consumer Price Index (CPI) has revealed, putting the squeeze on already struggling British households. The corrected figures came as Ofgem adjusted its energy price cap, allowing firms to charge up to £693 per year and avoid sharing the fate of dozens of others in 2021. On average, goods have become more expensive, and rising prices typically prompt discussions around a recession. National economies are subject to the ebb and flow of markets and see periods of growth and decline. Sustained economic decline - when trade and industry turnover stalls - is expressed through GDP value. A recession represents two successive quarters (four-month periods) when GDP falls. READ MORE: Energy bill prices explode 70% -Britons paying extra £60 per MONTH While GDP is the primary indicator of recession in a national economy, the process is also visible in other areas. Under a recession, people may see real income, employment, wholesale-retail sales, and more, decline in tandem with GDP. Figures currently show some of these featured in the UK's economy during the first half of 2022. In early May, economic experts suggested these could cause a recession in the second half of 2022. The UK's official first quarter (between January and April) growth figures show the economy grew by 0.8 percent. The value - below the one percent forecasted by City of London chiefs - showed stagnation in March when the economy contracted by 0.1 percent. The factors put the country in a perfect storm of falling exchange rates, rising goods and energy prices and expectations of further inflation. Reacting to the news, the National Institute for Economic and Social Research (NIESR) became one of the first bodies to predict a recession. NIESR suggested that the lower growth coupled with rising unemployment would spark a recession in the second half of 2022. The contraction in March came from high inflation pushing people to cut back on spending, it's believed. The upgraded figure means there is likely more to come, leading to further decline in the new quarter. Other economists have concurred with the NIESR predictions, stating that GDP could continue to stagnate. Paul Dales, the chief UK economist at Capital Economics, said forecasts that GDP "will be flat" in "both the second and third quarter" seem "pretty optimistic". He added that a recession "now feels a bit more likely", and the Bank of England has concurred. The bank believes inflation will max out at 10 percent in 2022, meaning that while unemployment rates are at a 50-year low of 3.5 percent, a deeper recession is possible.