Cristiano Ronaldo left Manchester United’s training ground ‘annoyed’ when Ralf Rangnick suggested he’d be dropped in December, according to reports. The season is now over for the Red Devils after a chastening campaign. And they’ll be hopeful of doing considerably better when Erik ten Hag arrives. Back in December, United were due to face Young Boys in the Champions League. They were already through to the knockout stages at the time, having secured a path to the round of 16 thanks to Ronaldo’s goals in the competition. Yet the Athletic say the Portugal international was left ‘annoyed’ after an incident five months ago. Rangnick, it’s claimed, told the squad he’d be making big changes due to the fact they were already through. And Ronaldo left Carrington irked by the prospect. It’s stated he vented his fury over being dropped to his team-mates, saying he should either play or be left out entirely. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ronaldo viewed sitting on the bench for three hours in the cold as ‘detrimental’ to himself. And, in the end, he got his way. Ronaldo was left out of the matchday squad, with Rangnick picking youngsters such as Charlies Savage and Zidane Iqbal on the bench instead. Mason Greenwood put the Red Devils ahead on the night, with the England international netting in the ninth minute. But Fabian Rieder struck just before the interval to earn the Swiss minnows a point. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ronaldo, the publication adds, became a headache for Rangnick throughout his time as United interim boss. The German’s coaching staff considered taking him out of the team for their match with Burnley, which was just the 63-year-old’s fifth in the dugout. Yet, mindful of a backlash, Rangnick picked the forward - who proceeded to score during the showdown at Old Trafford. Now, Ronaldo is primed to play under Ten Hag. And the Dutchman, speaking at a press conference, has admitted he’s eager to prevent the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool dominating going forward. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "In this moment, I admire them both, Manchester City and Liverpool," said the 52-year-old. "They both play really fantastic football, both Liverpool and Man City. "But you will always see an era can come to an end and I am looking forward to battle with them, and I am sure all the other Premier League clubs will want to do that. "I've already met big coaches and big teams in the Premier League and I know how to deal with that "But it's clear, the Premier League is the biggest league in the world I think and I'm looking forward to battling with them." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here On the job at United being a gamble, Ten Hag added: "I don't see it as a risk. "This club has a great history, now let's make the future! I am excited to do that with the people around and with the new staff. “We will go from day to day, 100 per cent committed and I am sure we will get success. "There is a fantastic history, and the high potential for the future - that's why I'm here. “I don't speak with the players now, they need a break, they need a break to reflect, but I'm looking forward and I can't wait to start."