Netflix’s highly acclaimed sci-fi series Stranger Things will finally be returning to screens with its long-awaited fourth season on Friday. Ahead of its release, Sadie Sink, who starred as Max Mayfield, opened up about her character’s development and shared why she found the scenes challenging.  The last time viewers watched new episodes of Stranger Things was back in 2019. Like many productions in the film and TV industry, the series was faced with delays and eventually forced to a halt due to the COVID-19 restrictions. As a result, fans were eagerly awaiting its release after season three ended on a tragic note. Thankfully for viewers, the wait will be over on Friday as it promises the return of the Hawkins group of friends. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? As well as the return of the key characters, fans can expect a huge turn in events for Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) as her storyline was slated to take a dark turn. The actress appeared on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon where she opened up about her character. Speaking on season four, she revealed: “It’s darker and scarier than ever. “The kids are a lot more mature, so the show has matured with it in a kind of way.” Opening up about her character, Sadie admitted: “And Max, she’s not doing too hot, you’re kind of getting to see her in her emo phase a bit. The 20-year-old confessed it wasn’t “fun to explore,” but added,“ it was like a nice challenge”. In season three, viewers watched the devastating scenes of her brother Billy Hargrove’s (Dacre Montgomery) death. The teenager met his demise after he became possessed by the Mind Flayer. DON'T MISS...Natalie J Robb age: How old is Emmerdale's Moira Barton star? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things’ Nancy star pays sweet tribute to Winona Ryder [INSIGHT] In the emotional scene, he put his life on the line to protect Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) when the Mind Flayer was trying to kill her. As a result, he caught its long tooth before it could get to her and he was stabbed to death by the creature, while Max watched in horror. Thanks to a number of first-look images for the upcoming episode, fans can expect Max heartbroken and grieving as she was pictured a number of times by his grave. Sadie shared more details about the upcoming instalment in a separate interview with Radio Times. Detailing how she tackled the tough storyline, she shared: “It was kind of a more careful process than I think I was used to in previous seasons. “Because, I mean, we were always dealing with supernatural elements and heavy stuff like that. “But season 4, it feels a little bit more human, So it required a little bit more attention and focus.” Stranger Things season 4 will premiere on Netflix on Friday, May 27.