Melanie “Mel B” received her royal Honours during an investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday, collecting her MBE (The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) for services to charitable causes and vulnerable women from the Duke of Cambridge. She became a patron of the charity Women's Aid in 2018 after leaving what she described as an abusive relationship.  The Spice Girl, 46, who was accompanied by proud mum Andrea, was named in the New Year Honours for services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. After dipping into a curtsy to greet the Prince, the Spice Girls member approached Prince William to receive her award. She told PA: “He commended me on all my work that I've been doing, and he goes, 'I'm so sorry you went through such a horrible time'.” The performer added: “He did say, 'I can't believe I'm giving you one of these — I'm delighted,' and I said, 'Aw, thank you,' and we had a giggle.”  Speaking to The Sun about learning she had received the honour, she said: “I thought about all the women I've met over the past few years who have been through terrible situations, women who have died, women who are still suffering. “'This, for me, was all about them. It still is.'” She continued: “Receiving that letter telling me about the MBE... it was the first time I thought that I'd done something. “Not as a Spice Girl, but as Melanie Brown - this working-class, mixed-race kid from Leeds who has always done her own thing, regardless.  READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace “That made me feel incredibly proud of myself, of all women who've been through similar experiences and of all the people who have helped me along this path.” Melanie split from her film producer ex-husband Stephen Belafonte in 2017 after a decade. Pop star Mel said that, apart from the women who have suffered, she wanted to dedicate her award to her father. Mel's father Martin died from cancer following an eight-year illness in 2017. DON'T MISS:Blackford argues whether Boris will ‘respect the rights’ of ScotsUK and Japan set to rapidly accelerate defenceDan Wootton roasts Ken Livingstone over past comments