The level of satellite navigation dependency among drivers in the UK was laid bare by a new study showing just how often they’re used on the country’s roads. The research by car finance experts Zuto also showed men are much more likely to need a sat nav to get by. A whopping 92 percent of drivers surveyed admitted to using a sat nav and the data showed that male drivers are more reliant on the technology than women. One in seven (13 percent) of male drivers use a sat nav every time they drive, in comparison to only one in 12 female drivers (eight percent). However, when driving to a new destination, one in three female drivers (30 percent) feel nervous, in comparison to just one in 10 (nine percent) of male drivers in the same situation. And two fifths of both male and female drivers (41 percent) deemed having an installed sat nav an important feature when purchasing a new car, despite the growing use of apps like Apple CarPlay. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine The research also showed that drivers in older age groups are less likely to use a sat nav. It found that the age group least likely to ever use a GPS device is those aged 55-64, with 20 percent of drivers claiming they never use one. That’s in comparison to the 25-34 age group where just shy of a quarter (23 percent) claimed that they use a sat nav every time they drive. When travelling to new locations, the research uncovered that almost one fifth of Brits feel some level of nerves, perhaps showing the overriding reason for the reliance on tech. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] Lucy Sherliker, the Head of Customer at Zuto told Express.co.uk exclusively: “We wanted to conduct this research to get an understanding of just how reliant we’ve become on technology in our cars, especially sat navs. “We were surprised by the large percentage of young drivers who admit to using their sat nav for every single time they drive (almost a quarter of young drivers). “This research really does highlight how important technology is becoming in our day to day lives, and why car manufacturers place such emphasis on the gadgets and tech that they install in their vehicles as they are a sought-after feature – especially for the younger drivers!” An installed sat nav was even a more in-demand feature than heated seats or having a car with lower emissions. It comes as the art of driving becomes less and less of a priority, with the introduction of driver-assist features like radar cruise control, lane keep assist and blind spot monitoring. French automaker DS Automobiles has even taken future vehicle technology to a new level by designing a car without conventional brakes. The Parisian-based luxury carmaker has developed a prototype electric vehicle that uses only electric motor regeneration. These would be used instead of conventional brakes, which the company believes showcases a “potential future on electric vehicles”. Earlier this month, American car giant General Motors filed a patent for a car that can teach people how to drive. The move would allow learners to jump in a vehicle without an instructor and receive training on public roads. In the filing, the description of the technology indicates that the autonomous vehicle will be constantly interpreting the world around it. It will also make its own decisions about the correct inputs. The vehicle will then compare all of the above with what the driver does. This includes looking at their steering and pedal inputs as well as external factors such as speed and position on the road compared with other vehicles.