Gary Lineker has wished Mohamed Salah well after the Liverpool forward picked up an injury in the FA Cup final against Chelsea. The Egyptian went down after 32 minutes holding his groin in a big blow for Jurgen Klopp’s side. Lineker said on the BBC's coverage of the final: "Mo Salah going off, that's a big blow For Liverpool and it could be a big blow for the next two weeks. We obviously at this stage don't know how serious it is. We wish him well. "After what happened to him last time against Real Madrid when he went off in the first half of the Champions League final, the tears and stuff. Now to do it in an FA Cup final, with big games coming up as well, it would be terrible." On the brighter side, Lineker added: "They've got much greater depth now haven't they with Diaz in there, Jota and Firmino as well." Salah was brought off after 32 minutes when the 29-year-old was replaced by Diogo Jota. With the extent of Salah’s injury still unknown, the Premier League’s top scorer will not have taken the decision lightly to be replaced in a cup final. Liverpool travel to Southampton on Tuesday night as they hope to keep their title dreams alive, with leaders Manchester City away to West Ham on Sunday. Then on the final day of the season the Reds host Wolves while Manchester City are also at home, to Steven Gerrard’s Aston Villa. Klopp and Liverpool will hope to have Salah available for the Champions League final, six days after the final Premier League game as they face Real Madrid in Stade de France. Salah will be desperate to face Carlo Ancelotti’s side after suffering an injury in the 2018 final, where he had to also be substituted. Salah tweeted: “We have a score to settle” following Liverpool’s semi-final win over Villarreal. The Liverpool forward has played the vast majority of minutes this season for Liverpool, with the FA Cup final being his 48th appearance of the campaign for his club. Salah also played almost every available minute for Egypt in the Africa Cup of Nations, as the runners-up went to extra time in each of their knock-out games. He is Liverpool’s top scorer this season, with 30 goals in all competitions. The injury in the cup final came after Chelsea also had their own scare, with influential defender Thiago Silva receiving treatment early on following a bright start from Liverpool. Silva was able to continue, however, while Salah was replaced by Jota who has 21 goals in all competitions himself this season for Liverpool.