Ukraine’s President Zelensky rejected US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger’s suggestion to concede some of Ukrainian territory to Russia in the purpose to call an end to the war. In light of the firm rejection from Mr Zelensky, Lieutenant Colonel Stuart Crawford warned Ukraine “is going to continue for some time”. He also dismissed the possibility for Ukraine to “disappear as an independent country” but stressed the important question at the moment is “to what extent Ukraine will survive” and “whether it will be able to regain some of the territories” now under Russian control. Speaking to GB News, Lieutenant Colonel Stuart Crawford said: “I would say that Ukraine is definitely not losing. “And I don’t think that we could claim that Russia is winning yet. “We’re just looking at a long, bloody stalemate. “The war is continuing for some time.” GB News presenter asked: “Do you think that politicians and diplomats such as Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary-General of NATO, who have talked very liberally and freely about Ukraine’s capacity to win may have lulled into a false sense of security?” He responded: “I think Ukraine will win. “It’s highly unlikely that Ukraine is going to disappear as an independent country in Eastern Europe. “So to a certain extent, if Ukraine survives, they have won. READ MORE: Joe Biden set to approve long-range rocket system for Ukraine “I think the important question is to what extent does Ukraine survive. “And whether it will be able to regain some of the territories that have been lost before February 24. “Or even going back to 2014, when Crimea was annexed by Russians. DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Putin launches secret mission to 'remove dead bodies' [WATCH]UK scores DOUBLE Brexit trade deal bonus in US and Asia [LISTEN]GB News' Dan Wootton slams 'Remoaner' in heated Brexit debate [INSIGHT]  “It’s an interesting question. “In negotiations would Russia be prepared to give Crimea back to Ukraine? “And in return for Ukraine giving them the Donbas area? “It hasn’t gotten to that yet, but I think it is an interesting question”. Ukraine has been engaged in a defensive war against Russia since February 24, with thousands between soldiers and civilians already having lost their lives. But President Zelensky has insisted he will not give in to Moscow's attempts to destroy his country as his fellow citizens continue to conduct fierce resistance against Putin's soldiers.