Sonia Fowler (played by Natalie Cassidy) was heartbroken when it was revealed Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) had pretended to be her long lost father. The conman had originally arrived in Walford to scam money from Sonia but soon changed his mind and grew to love his ‘daughter’. Even though Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) has forgiven Rocky, the nurse has struggled to forget his actions. However, will Sonia decide she can no longer live in close proximity to the conman and leave EastEnders for good? In upcoming scenes, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) shares his plans for the Queen Vic’s Jubilee celebrations. Sonia and Kathy listen in but Rocky ends up causing a scene. He jumps into the conversation and offends Sonia yet again. The reformed conman is desperate to rebuild his relationship with Sonia. Read more: EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident Although there have been a few positive moments, it’s clear the nurse isn’t ready to forgive the man she thought was her dad. Rocky tries to get Sonia to join in planning the Jubilee event but she turns him down. However, this makes him more determined than ever to impress her. Sonia’s sceptical he’ll stick to his plans but Rocky promises to show her he can follow through. Rocky pushes on with his plans for the Jubilee celebrations but will it be enough to convince Sonia to give him another chance? The nurse could be finding it increasingly difficult to move on from Rocky’s lies. When his true colours were revealed, both Sonia and Kathy were furious. However, the cafe owner’s change of heart could make things worse for the stalwart. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Rapist Lewis goes on the run after Ben assault [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Frankie embarks on affair as couple torn apart [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Stuart and Rainie torn apart after Dotty betrayal [INSIGHT] Rocky pushes on with his plans for the Jubilee celebrations but will it be enough to convince Sonia to give him another chance? The nurse could be finding it increasingly difficult to move on from Rocky’s lies. When his true colours were revealed, both Sonia and Kathy were furious. However, the cafe owner’s change of heart could make things worse for the stalwart. Kathy and Rocky’s happiness could be a constant reminder of the betrayal. Rocky’s plan to use the Queen’s Jubilee to prove he cares for Sonia could backfire. The nurse may see this as evidence that Rocky will never give up on his quest to win her over. Will Sonia decide there’s nothing left for her in Walford? EastEnders fans will know Sonia’s daughter Bex Fowler (Jasmine Armfield) is travelling the world. The nurse left Walford once before to visit her daughter and she may do so again. However, this time will she decide the move is a more permanent fixture? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.