Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton was seen enjoying the Florida nightlife as a clip shared on social media showed him partying with Mercedes physiotherapist Angela Cullen following the Miami Grand Prix. It was another disappointing week for Hamilton, after he could only secure a sixth-placed finish around the American track on Sunday, as rival Max Verstappen secured his third win of the season. Despite the underwhelming outing, this didn’t stop the Englishman from partying post-race after the five-second video showed him more than enjoying himself in a Miami bar. The seven-time world champion headed into the new campaign with hopes of securing a record eighth title, following his heartbreak in 2021. But things have not worked out that way, with Mercedes struggling to adapt to new car regulations introduced by the FIA for 2022. His performance in America last time out leaves him sixth in the drivers standings on 37 points, a mammoth 68 points behind leader Charles Leclerc. Hamilton also finds himself behind new Mercedes teammate George Russell, who bettered the seven-time champion by one spot in Miami to leave him in fourth in the standings on 59 points. JUST IN: Miami Grand Prix 's**t show' as 'many wealthy sponsors won't be coming back'  Following the race on Sunday, Hamilton once again let his frustrations surrounding his Mercedes car be known after complaining about his team’s lack of speed improvement across the first five races of the season. He told Sky Sports: “We’re the same speed as we were in the first race and we just haven’t improved in these five races. "But I'm hopeful at some stage we will. We just have to keep trying and keep working hard.” Despite the complaints, his teammate Russell believes that the Mercedes W19 car does have the speed required to compete at the top of the grid, and showcased this during Friday’s practice. DON'T MISSMartin Brundle interviews wrong person in F1 Miami GP grid walk gaffeLewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand PrixPiers Morgan's brutal swipe at David Beckham as he attends Grand Prix “We showed on Friday we have a fast car, there is a fast car there and I have total faith and confidence it is in there somewhere and we just need to understand how to unlock it,” Russell told Sky Sports. “I think we can find chunks and chunks and chunks of lap time if we just find that killer key to get it in that perfect spot. “I am not sure if that will be next race but the guys are working day and night back at the factory to find the solution.” The Mercedes pair will be hoping their team are closer to the ‘solution’ a week on Sunday, when the F1 circuit returns for the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona. 