Tipping Point host Ben Shephard was joined by three new contestants, Joe, Pam and Mandip, for a new episode of the ITV quiz show on Tuesday. Each player went head to head and faced the machine to win a life-changing sum of money. However, Pam was left disappointed when Joe managed to swoop in and steal a handful of counters after Pam failed to knock them off.  During the first round, Pam's first two attempts to get something off of the shelf were unsuccessful. The first time Joe cheekily swooped in and stole a few from the ones she had previously pushed forward. Answering his second question correctly, Ben quipped: "Joe are you going to clean up Pam's hard work again?" Joe joked: "I think so, she set it up nicely by the looks of it!" READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Not wanting Joe to take all the glory from her, Pam exclaimed: "Oh please..." Joe managed to push his counter forward and tipped off a large number of counters, turning to Pam: "Thanks, Pam." In disbelief, Pam laughed and said to Ben: "I'm not playing anymore!" As the round went on, Joe stormed ahead and managed to end the round with £1,750, Mandip with £250 and Pam still on zero. Ben praised Joe and said: "Joe certainly had the luck so far." During the second round, Pam's luck began to change as she managed to bank £500 and won one of the mystery counters. As she waited for the counters to drop, she pleaded: "Please let me have something!" before celebrating: "Thank goodness for that - hooray!" Not only had she banked some money, but she had also won a narrowboat trip as the mystery prize and told Ben: "Do you know what I was going to book that for my husband's birthday, so that's fantastic!" DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard scolds Tipping Point player over costly error [INSIGHT]Ben Shephard in emotional Tipping Point death announcement [LATEST]Tipping Point contestant makes 'history' as they break show record [WATCH] Ben teased: "Well, you can take the credit, and we will sort it out for you." Despite the change in luck for Pam, it wasn't enough as Joe still stormed ahead with £2,100 and Mandip with £850. The third round saw Joe and Mandip go head to head, with Mandip catching up closely to Joe, pushing a few counters off at once. However, his luck ran out as Joe ended the round with £2,700 and Mandip with £1,350, making Joe the day's winner. During the final round, Joe told Ben that he felt confident with the categories that were presented to him. However, despite winning six counters after two correct answers, Joe got the rest of the questions wrong. Not wanting to take the chance at getting the jackpot counter, Joe decided to take the £3,600 home, which would pay for a holiday with his girlfriend. Tipping Point airs weekdays from 4pm on ITV.