Mr Jones sat down with journalist Jeremy Vine to discuss the public outcry against Ms Connelly's release. Tracey Connelly was first jailed for her crimes against her son in 2009, at the Old Bailey, she was first released on license in 2013, but then got recalled to prison two years later in 2015. She is currently appealing to be released from jail. The Political activist and journalist explained why he believed politicians should be separate from courts. And then went on to discuss how deplorable the ongoing abuse was that caused the death of Baby P.     Mr Jones told Jeremy Vine: "And I think in a democracy you've got to have a separation between the courts and between politicians. "Because people might think on one particular decision that politicians have done the right thing. "But you end up... I mean that's not an autocratic regime, politicians stick their noses in the courts. "I think with Baby P, look it's one of these things isn't it. JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience'  Mr Jones added: "My heart says no, never release her ever, my head says different. "And the whole point of a justice system is it's supposed to be not based on our hearts but on our heads. "The same if one of our loved ones was killed, murdered by someone. "We'd want to claw that person's face off, but the justice system stops us from doing that. Mr Jones said: "And instead it takes a rational, generally or hopefully, not always, unfortunately. READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022     "But it's supposed to take a rational decision about what happens." Mr Vine said: "You've given examples as if... If you were a relative of Baby P, you would feel angry, we feel angry and we're not related to Baby P." Mr Jones added: "Of course and we should feel angry." Mr Vine said: "But the justice system needs to be angry on our behalf doesn't it?" Mr Jones added: "What happened to Baby P is so despicable and so unimaginably horrific anybody with any humanity should feel fury and disgust and that just of course no getting around that." DON’T MISS: Boris Johnson crumbles to EU as he ABANDONS Brexit masterplan Dominic Raab, the Justice Secretary tweeted: "Tracey Connelly's cruelty towards her son, baby Peter, was pure evil. 