Undefeated boxing icon Floyd Mayweather wants to fight Amir Khan and has reportedly tried to talk the Brit out of his retirement plans. The Brit recently called time on his 17-year career following a difficult defeat to rival Kell Brook. Khan publicly sought after a mammoth fight with Mayweather for years but talks between the two camps never came to fruition. The duo recently bumped into one another in Dubai and enjoyed a respectable chat on camera. However, Khan revealed that the American tried to tempt him away from retirement by finally offering the fight he had once craved. The 35-year-old said: “Floyd said to me ‘Look, we should get it on.’ “And I said ‘Brother, tomorrow I’m going to announce my retirement.’ And he goes ‘No, I don’t think you should’. “Obviously, pro fighters say to you all your life ‘we should fight each other’ and they keep you on the side, on the bench and I’m like forget that man, I want to be in control of myself. READ MORE: Boxing could be out of Olympics as Russian president of IBA re-elected “When I call it a day, I call it a day. I don’t not call it a day because someone else is taking control like Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao say now we’ll fight you. Waiting around and waiting around for them so I thought nah man, I’ll do what’s best for me.” In 2014, Mayweather ran a Twitter poll to decide his next opponent with Khan and Marcos Maidana - who the Brit beat in 2010 - as options. Khan won the vote but Mayweather still clashed with the Argentine, defeating him twice. Mayweather retired professionally as the boxing GOAT in 2017 after beating UFC icon Conor McGregor to move to 50-0. The 45-year-old still competes in exhibition bouts, with his contest against Don Moore cancelled at the last minute. Meanwhile, Khan insisted he will remain retired following his loss to Brook. He is adamant he will not be convinced out of retirement by a clash with former sparring partner Manny Pacquiao after years of rumours. DON'T MISSFury's 'mentally challenging' AJ negotiations also behind retirementAmir Khan confirms retirement from boxing after one-sided Brook lossMike Tyson's reply to Jake Paul fight question ahead of phone call “Manny’s like a friend. Obviously I think he lost the elections, he won’t be too happy,” Khan added. “It’s funny because when I called it a day from the sport, I got a couple of phone calls from Manny’s team saying, ‘Are you really retiring?’ “There’s a time when you always think the fight’s gonna happen. You wait, you wait, you never call retirement, you still have your eye on that fight. “I don’t think that fight was ever gonna happen. I don’t know why they kept saying, ‘We’ll take that fight.’ It never happened. I think that now that I’m retiring they’ve said, ‘Are you really retiring?’ “It was a shock to them because they thought Manny might be able to take that fight. And I’m like, ‘Hell no.’ “Now that Manny has spent all this money on the elections, I think Manny will fight, but I don’t think it will be me. I’d rather give that a miss.”