England international Tammy Abraham has impressed all season long in the Serie A, and many are tipping the striker to return to the Premier League in the near future. Arsenal are one of the clubs most heavily linked with the 24-year-old. Abraham was on the scoresheet twice for Roma on Friday night in their 3-0 victory over Torino. He opened the scoring in the 33rd minute when he received the ball with his back to goal on the edge of the box, turned past his man and slotted a neat finish into the far corner; his second came from the penalty spot nine minutes later. His two goals mean that Abraham is now the highest scoring English player ever in a Serie A season. He has scored 17 goals in 37 league appearances, registering four assists along the way as well. Abraham is showing all the qualities of a star striker, and Chelsea will certainly be rueing their decision to sell the academy graduate last summer. But one team’s loss is another gain, and Arsenal are reportedly considering making a move for the forward. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag questioned over two 'unimaginative' transfer targets With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract at the end of the season, the Gunners are in desperate need of reinforcements in the final third. Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus is one of the names linked with making a move to the Emirates Stadium, and former France international Emmanuel Petit believes that Abraham should be a priority too. The former Arsenal star told Metro Sport, via Genting Casino: “I want Arsenal to buy a different kind of striker. What Arsenal need desperately upfront, and this includes on the wings, is speed players. Don’t be mistaken, modern football is about speed. Everything is speed, the pressing, the playing, everything. DON'T MISSMan Utd can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes [COMMENT]Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace as details emerge [REPORT]Everton star Richarlison fires savage insult at Jamie Carragher after Crystal Palace win [SOCIAL] “They need to bring speed upfront. Martinelli is a very quick player, Saka as well on the right-hand side but up-front Lacazette is not a speed player and Nketiah can be fast, but they definitely need a different kind of profile of player. So which kind of player should they sign? I really like Tammy Abraham. “What he’s doing at Roma in Italy and if they can bring him back to England he will be back in London with the feeling of revenge, and for me, it’s very important to have that extra motivation.” Roma boss Jose Mourinho will undoubtedly be keen for Abraham to remain in his squad, though if an offer around his asking price – that Transfermarkt estimates will be £40.5million – then it remains to be seen how the Serie A side respond.