Fulham chief Tony Khan has confirmed that Liverpool target Fabio Carvalho will leave the club this summer after helping secure promotion back to the Premier League. Carvalho is expected to arrive at Anfield after his Fulham contract expires at the end of June. According to The Athletic, rather than a tribunal deciding his transfer fee, Liverpool have agreed a £5million deal, plus £2.7m in add-ons, to sign the 19-year-old star on July 1. And Khan confirmed Fulham had 'made a deal' with a suitor after Monday's 7-0 thrashing of Luton Town to secure the Championship title. He said: "I really like Fabio. He's a player we have always rated, coming out of the academy, and we would have loved to have kept him. But we have made a deal that is best for the club and, since that agreement, it's worked out wonderfully because he has been such a valuable part of the promotion. "Marco has done a great job with him. They have a great relationship, and Fabio has been tremendous for us. He's a huge part of the squad, and it's a massive loss, but because we have done good business, we can do good business to make sure we are strong in that position." JUST IN: Ronaldo sparks confusion on Man Utd future by denying TV camera hint Carvalho's switch to Merseyside fell through in the dying embers of January deadline day, but it only delayed the inevitable deal. The Portuguese attacking midfielder has registered 11 goals and seven assists in 35 league appearances this season. Despite Khan's admission, Carvalho continues to remain tight-lipped about his future. In response to a question about whether he'd miss his Fulham teammates after scoring in Monday's rout, the teenager insisted he didn't know where he'd be playing his football next season. READ MORE: Arsenal clearout set to begin as Arteta 'accelerates' £12.6m exit "We'll see what happens at the end of the season," Carvalho explained. "I'm not going to say I'm going to miss them because we don't know what's going to happen. We don't know what's going to happen, so we'll see. The club's going to be where it belongs, which is the Premier League, and we'll see what happens. We'll just see what happens next year." However, Khan's comments all but confirm Carvalho will be a Liverpool player from July after missing out on a move in the winter transfer window. Given the supremacy of Jurgen Klopp's side this term, though, a return to Craven Cottage on loan can't be out of the realm of possibility. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here