Lewis Hamilton’s ‘dejected’ mood is playing into George Russell's hands and giving him an ‘opportunity to shine’ at Mercedes, warns David Coulthard. The former McLaren star stressed Hamilton is ‘disappointed’ he cannot extract the performance he needs from his Mercedes. However, new Mercedes star Russell is proving he is the right man at the Silver Arrows after another superb performance this weekend. Russell has now beaten Hamilton in four qualifying sessions this season compared to his three defeats to the seven-time champion. The Mercedes rookie has also enjoyed better results on Sundays and lies almost 30 points ahead of his more experienced team-mate. Speaking on Channel 4, Coulthard said: “The car has just been so harsh over the bumps. Lewis, everything's extreme nowadays, so he said it's the worst car he’s ever had on the bumps before. “The way he walked away from that car after qualifying, I’ve seen him disappointed but his shoulders were down near his ankles. READ MORE: Hamilton dealt blunt assessment by Rosberg: 'Can't win anymore' “This is a dejected Lewis because at the moment the car isn't talking to him. What that’s doing in his disappointment is giving George his opportunity to shine. “Right now, we don’t need to question if Russell’s the right man in that car, he’s secured at Mercedes going forward. What Toto needs to do now is to get Lewis back up and on form. “That drive and comeback he did in Barcelona was exceptional, he was doing the same lap times as Charles Leclerc.” Russell has beaten Hamilton at every race bar one so far this season as his excellent form from last year continues. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton having to take 'risks' as Mercedes given reality check [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton is ‘not ready to give up’ on eighth F1 title  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen [COMMENT] He has also finished in the top five at every Grand Prix in 2022 and scored two podiums despite the Silver Arrows disappointing start to the campaign. His consistency has left the former Williams man just 26 points off championship leader Max Verstappen. Hamilton’s former team-mate Nico Rosberg has warned Hamilton is desperate to stamp his authority over his new threat. He said: “I’ve spoken to some people within Mercedes and they've been very positive about him. He’s super motivated, really pushing hard and let’s not forget he hates coming second. “He does not want to come second to Russell and that alone is a big big motivator for Lewis.”