North West Leicestershire MP Mr Bridgen last month said it was “not the time” to push for Mr Johnson’s resignation, despite having submitted a letter of no confidence earlier this year which he subsequently withdrew. Mr Johnson was last month fined £50 for a breach of lockdown rules after attending a celebration on his birthday at Number 10 in 2020, subsequently apologising to Parliament. Chancellor Rishi Sunak was also similarly punished, as was Mr Johnson’s wife Carrie. Mr Bridgen was one of more than a dozen Tory MPs who originally said they had written to Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee, calling for a vote of no confidence, which would be triggered if 54 of them do so. Pressed on the matter during a webinar organised by the ImpACT International think tank, Mr Bridgen neither confirmed nor denied whether he was planning to send a second letter to Sir Graham, nor did he specifically call on the PM to quit. However, he said: “I'm very unhappy about what happened over Partygate and all the fallout from that and I think it's going to get quite a lot worse. “There's no good news on the horizon with that, with more fines to come. "And of course there’s the Sue Gray report as well. I think it is a very difficult situation, to be in a position where you set the rules and you broke the rules, I think. And I think that's going to be indicated.” Mr Bridgen was speaking on the same day Mr Johnson insisted he was an "honest" politician, while admitting to being "inadvertently" wrong in his comments to Parliament about the Partygate row. Mr Johnson is now facing a probe into claims he misled Parliament after telling MPs no laws were broken in Downing Street. Asked during his appearance on ITV's Good Morning Britain whether he is honest, Mr Johnson insisted: "Yes. I think the best way to judge that is to look at what this Government says it's going to do and what it does. "I do my best to represent faithfully and accurately what I believe, and sometimes it's controversial and sometimes it offends people, but that's what I do." sked whether he was a liar, Mr Johnson said: "If you are talking about the statements I've made in the House of Commons, I was inadvertently... I was wrong, and I've apologised for that. "I have apologised for the things we got wrong during the pandemic," as he was asked about breaking the law. In response to further questioning, he added: "With great respect, I'm going to have to ask you to wait until the end of the investigation." He also insisted the conclusions of civil servant Ms Gray’s report would "not remain secret". He added: "I will make sure that as soon as I'm able to say something on the conclusion of the investigation, you will have a lot more on it." Asked why he should not resign, as Matt Hancock did as health secretary and Allegra Stratton did as Downing Street press secretary, the Prime Minister said: "I'm getting on with the job that I was elected to do and discharge the mandate that I was given and I'm proud of what we have been doing." MPs have since approved the Privileges Committee launching an inquiry once the police have finished their own investigation into the gatherings. So far the police have announced they have issued at least 50 fines as part of their investigation.