Tottenham host Burnley in today’s lunchtime clash and will move back above Arsenal in the Premier League if they win or draw. The two north London rivals are vying to secure a top four finish and claim their place in next season’s Champions League. The Gunners could have secured a top four place in midweek had they beaten Spurs at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. But the Lilywhites overpowered their neighbours as they won the clash 3-0. This afternoon, Tottenham will be looking to heap the pressure on Mikel Arteta’s side, who face Newcastle on Monday. And Express Sport takes a look at how Tottenham could line-up against the Clarets. Goalkeeper – Lloris Antonio Conte could keep faith with the starting team that saw off the Gunners on Thursday night. And that will mean captain Hugo Lloris retains his place between the posts. The 35-year-old has kept 14 Premier League clean sheets this season and will be looking for another one against the goal-shy Burnley. Defence – Davies, Sanchez, Dier Spurs looked impressive at the back against their north London rivals and will take huge confidence from their shut-out. Davidson Sanchez was given his first start since mid-February three days ago after Cristian Romero was ruled out through injury. And the Colombia international could retain his place in the centre of the back three after Conte confirmed Romero would miss the rest of the season. READ MORE: Conte responds to agent claim there's '60%' chance he stays at Spurs    Ben Davies has been a key player under Conte after previously falling out of favour and should once again line-up in the back three, while the ever-reliable Eric Dier should also start. Midfield – Royal, Hojbjerg, Bentancur, Sessegnon Emerson Royal has come back into the side in recent weeks following Matt Doherty’s season-ending injury. And the former Barcelona man could start on the right side of the Spurs midfield, with Ryan Sessegnon occupying the opposite flank. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, who has been one of his team’s best players this season, should once again be tasked with protecting the backline and breaking up play, while January signing Rodrigo Bentancur could partner him in the middle of the pitch. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out Erik ten Hag may be about to sign his own ‘Wesley Sneijder’ for Man Utd this summer Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick     Forwards – Kulusevski, Kane, Son Tottenham’s frontline has been in scintillating form in recent months, with Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski scoring and assisting at will. And Conte will surely keep faith with the trio against Burnley. The last time Spurs had an early kick-off, however, they failed to find the back of the net as they went down 1-0 to Brighton last month. And Conte will be urging his forwards to start quickly and help his team build a lead early on to ensure they bag the three points in this one. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 