Queen Elizabeth, 96, is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee next week after 70 successful years on the throne. According to the documentary ‘The Queen: 70 Years in Her Own Words’, the monarch did struggle at the beginning of her reign with her confidence. Jennie Bond, a former royal correspondent who appears on the programme said: “I think the Queen is, essentially, quite a shy woman. “I don’t think she was cut out for the job she was destined to do. “It was such a public job, for such a private person.” At the beginning of the Queen’s reign, her Christmas message was delivered via radio. However, as the television age dawned, Queen Elizabeth’s Christmas message being delivered solely on the radio would no longer suffice. READ MORE: Queen’s new statue of her riding favourite horse to be unveiled Jennie continued: “The pressure to televise the Queen’s Christmas speech had been on for some time. “The Queen herself was nervous of television, she would flinch in front of the cameras.” However, after 1957 when the Queen began televising her Christmas message, her “tone was transformed” according to the programme’s narrator. Queen Elizabeth does have a "playful" and "joyful" side though and is able to separate her true self from her public role according to biographer Matthew Dennison.  "Modest and naturally shy, the Queen once confided to a friend, 'I'm absolutely terrified of sitting next to people in case they talk about things I've never heard of', and she does not crave celebrity for itself, instead seeing herself as the public face of the institution of monarchy. "I think she is probably the only person who can distinguish between her, Lillibet, and her, the Queen, and I suspect that Lillibet hasn't really changed. "My feeling is that the private woman is still diffident and shy but that she’s become more confident in her role as Queen,” he told OK magazine. Body language expert Judi James agrees, arguing that by the year 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic, her confidence had improved so much compared to the beginning of her reign.  She claimed the "isolated" Queen still managed to ooze confidence despite the challenges posed by socially-distanced engagements. Judi told Express.co.uk: "Standing isolated between her socially-distanced family, the Queen projects the strongest signals of confidence." The expert claimed the Queen even appeared to multitask as she carried out the engagement with apparent ease. Judi said: "She even proves that she can multi-task as she appears to listen to the band playing carols and at the same time as checking the time with Prince Charles, who looks at his watch before speaking back to his mother."  According to Judi, Prince William appeared to give off "passive pride" as he stood with his hands clasped before him. Judi said: "The Queen seems to single out Kate for conversation next, while William stands in a pose that suggests a passive form of pride, with his hands clasped in front of her torso." The Queen, who holds the record as the longest-serving British monarch, will be celebrating 70 years since her accession to the throne. The programme ‘The Queen: 70 Years in Her Own Words' will air tonight at 6.35pm. 