Queen Elizabeth II, 96, is Britain’s longest-serving monarch, whose 70-year reign has outlasted Queen Victoria’s own 63 years on the throne. On Thursday, the central celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee begin to mark the royal milestone. Her Majesty will be honoured with tributes at Buckingham Palace, across the UK and throughout the Commonwealth. Ahead of the festivities, the BBC has taken a historical look at the Queen’s reign in a new documentary. ‘The Queen: 70 Glorious Years’ charts the monarch’s impact on Britain from her accession in 1952 to the present day. Narrated by Julie Walters, the film features a host of famous faces including Sir David Attenborough, Lulu, Alan Bennett, Len Goodman, Twiggy and others. In one section of the programme that looks at women’s rights over the last 70 years, the Queen’s “girl power” is hailed by Geri Horner, a member of the Spice Girls. ‘Ginger Spice’ claimed the monarch was a positive ambassador for women in the Nineties as gender barriers were increasingly being broken down. She said: “I think the Spice Girls were speaking for a generation of how we were feeling in that era in anyway. JUST IN: She makes him melt! Kate Middleton branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors' “You are enough, you are good enough. We need encouragement from each other. “And rather than a put-down or a pull-up thing, it was saying, ‘you know what, come on girl, you can do it’. “The Queen is the ultimate ambassador of girl power. A huge ambassador for all of us.” The documentary includes footage of the Spice Girls performing and meeting Prince Charles at a charity gala for the Prince’s Trust in 1997. In the clip, the Queen’s son and heir is kissed on the cheek by Mel B, ‘Scary Spice’, who asks if she and her bandmates can come over for dinner. Broadcaster Sara Cox, who also appears in the programme, claimed the Prince of Wales “loved” the attention he received from the pop group. She said: “The Spice Girls, everybody knew they were going to be huge. “And they were so not media trained. It was brilliant. It was like herding cats. “There were pictures of the Spice Girls joshing with Prince Charles, who I think secretly loved it, because they were just being themselves.” During the Nineties, at the height of “girl power”, the Queen was said to be symbolic of women in Britain increasingly taking on positions of power. DON'T MISS: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' in vicious attack [LATEST]Queen's Platinum Jubilee 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew [INSIGHT]Prince Charles' royal protocol on day of Queen's death explained by constitutional expert [ANALYSIS] The 40th anniversary of the monarch’s accession in February 1992 was followed by a raft of female appointments to senior public positions. Months later, Betty Boothroyd made history by becoming the first woman to be elected Speaker of the House of Commons. The same year, Stella Rimington was made the first female director general of MI5, the UK’s domestic intelligence agency. Meanwhile, in 1994, the first 32 women were ordained as priests in the Church of England. Paralympic champion Dame Tanni Grey-Thompson was among those to reflect on this period of the Queen’s reign that saw women succeed in roles they were previously barred from. She said: “The Nineties for me felt that it was just women being promoted to the things that they should be doing. “So, Betty Boothroyd being promoted to be Speaker, it was like, ‘well why shouldn't she be Speaker?’” ‘The Queen: 70 Glorious Years’ is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.