Manchester United are reportedly close to agreeing a huge deal with Barcelona to sign Frenkie de Jong ahead of the summer transfer window. United have just one game left of what has been a woeful season after promising so much in last year's summer transfer window.  United appeared to be heading in the right direction under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and the signings of Raphael Varane, Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho were tipped to help their chances in challenging for silverware. But a disastrous start to the campaign saw Solskjaer booted out and things haven't improved under Ralf Rangnick's temporary stewardship. With Erik ten Hag now confirmed as the club's next permanent manager, plans are already being made for an overhaul at the club this summer. Signing a top-rated central midfielder has been earmarked as a top target by United officials. And it appears as though former Ajax star De Jong is the man they want to bring in. According to transfer expert Gerard Romero, United are on the verge of an agreement with Barcelona to sign the midfielder. Barcelona reportedly need to sell and De Jong is not part of Xavi's long-term plans at the Nou Camp. It is claimed the deal could be worth in the region of £69million and there is a '95 per cent probability' of him moving to Old Trafford. There is still some doubt a deal could go ahead however if De Jong decides he wants to stay at Barcelona.  But the Catalan outfit don't want to risk De Jong's value decreasing any further having paid around £65m for him three years ago. If De Jong does arrive at Old Trafford then he will be linking back up with the manager who helped mould his career at Ajax. It was under Ten Hag when De Jong began to be a regular in the Ajax side at just 20 years of age. He was utilised in central defence initially, before making the midfield position his own and playing a huge role in Ajax's sensational run to the Champions League semi-final in 2019. His performances that year led to interest from Europe's top clubs with Barcelona winning the race for his signature. But, despite starting 29 La Liga games this season, it appears as though Barcelona are ready to sell the midfielder. 