Stan Wawrinka launched into an angry rant about the temperature of the water as he was dumped out of the French Open on Monday. The veteran lost his first-round clash with wildcard Correntin Moutet at Roland Garros. Wawrinka took exception to the drinking water he was given during his defeat against the wildcard. He insisted that it was too cold and demanded that it be replaced. But the replacement water was not up to the three-times Grand Slam champion’s standard, either. Wawrinka angrily ranted at the umpire to get him some ‘normal’ water. He raged: “It is not normal at a Grand Slam. Is that normal? Do you think it is normal? So you call someone. It has been three changeovers, I asked you for some water that is not fricking freezing. JUST IN: Wimbledon points strip to hit Djokovic hard but Nadal can benefit “Because it is not good. You are at the French Open and you cannot get normal water! You think it is normal?” The umpire can be seen arguing back at Wawrinka but his words are inaudible. Eurosport commentator Simon Reed defended the umpire, pointing out that the water is not their problem, and apologised to viewers for the language. “No, it is not his problem - that is the thing, Stan,” Reed said. “Sorry about the language, but maybe he is looking for a fight.” Wawrinka was beaten 2-6 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 and headed out of just his fourth tour-level tournament in 15 months. He gave a damning assessment of his performance in his post-match press conference. DON'T MISS...Nadal passes French Open injury test as Spaniard too good for ThompsonNaomi Osaka contemplating skipping WimbledonNadal has to tell French Open camera man to 'stop' after Thompson win He said: “I knew before the match that I needed to work a lot physically, to work my tennis. It's not [that] I'm playing badly or I'm not good, but I'm not yet feeling good for matches like that. “This is the mirror of where I am now. You have to go through times like this with bad matches, with bad first rounds in a Grand Slam, because I need to play a few matches to renew the feelings you look for in a match.” The 37-year-old - who misses out on a round two match-up with Rafael Nadal - added: “I started well and it was a good first set but unfortunately it was disappointing to lose. Unfortunately this is the reality of how I play at the moment. I need training, a lot of work. “I am playing well but not at the level for matches like that. This is the reality unfortunately of where I am. The frustration does not come from a comparison of my past level but because I know I could have done more and that some things did not go well.”