Contestants Wendy, Jack, Susheel and Neil were welcomed onto the latest instalment of the ITV game show by host Bradley Walsh. One by one they went head-to-head with Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace in a bid to make it into the final. During Neil's round, Bradley scolded him for getting a question about Jack and the Beanstalk wrong, telling him he has "four-year-olds screaming their heads off at the television".  The first player of the episode was Wendy who raised £7,000 in her cash builder round which Bradley said was a "great start" to the episode. The Dark Destroyer offered Wendy to play for £700, £7,000 or £24,000 and she opted for £7,000. She sailed through to the final, with Bradley exclaiming: "First up and first through." Masters student Jack was the second player to take on the Chaser after raising a "sensational" £8,000 in his first round. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue The 23-year-old decided to play for £1,000 as he wanted to secure his place in the final, but he was soon caught after answering multiple questions incorrectly. Baking enthusiast Susheel, who was the third player, was hoping to spend her winnings on her honeymoon if she beat the Chaser. She was relieved to raise £7,000 and played against The Dark Destroyer for that figure. Despite her best efforts, she was sent packing by the Chaser after struggling with a series of questions.  Careworker Neil, from London, was hoping to make it through to the final with Wendy after raising £7,000 in his cash builder round. He was offered to play for £53,000, £7,000 or minus £1,000 and shocked Bradley when he selected the minus offer. During the round, Bradley fumed at Neil for not knowing the answer to a question about a well-known fairy tale. The question read: "'Be he alive, or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread' is a repeated line in which fairy tale?" DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh in stitches as he makes name blunder on The Chase [MUST SEE]The Chase viewers distracted over unusual contestant name trend [REACTION]The Chase's Mark Labbett left red-faced after Bradley shut-down [LATEST]  The options were, Jack and the Beanstalk, Hansel and Gretel or Little Red Riding Hood, and Neil selected Little Red Riding Hood. Bradley, who knew the answer was Jack and the Beanstalk, raged: "You've inexplicably put Little Red Riding Hood. "That might be wrong do you think?" A confused Neil asked. "Wrong?" Bradley yelled. "I have got four-year-olds screaming their heads off at the television now, you're kidding me."   Despite the setback, Neil eventually made it into the final with Wendy and they were playing for £6,000. However, the pair were caught by the Chaser and both went home empty-handed. "Very good match, they have been a super team and I needed to raise my game," Shaun said following his victory. The Chase continues weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 