Novak Djokovic has labelled Andy Murray 'inspiring' ahead of their round-of-16 clash at the Madrid Open. The long-time tennis stalwarts are set to renew their rivalry in the Spanish capital this week after Murray impressively beat world number 16 Denis Shapovalov on Tuesday. Murray secured his biggest win of the season yet against the Canadian, against who he recorded just eight games during last summer's Wimbledon. A 6-1 3-6 6-2 victory has set up the first meeting with Djokovic in five years since the two battled in Doha in 2017. Ahead of the highly-anticipated match, Djokovic, the number one seed in Madrid, has hailed the Scotsman. He believes it's 'fantastic' to see Murray winning matches again after multiple career-threatening surgeries on a hip injury that has contributed to his decline in recent years. He said: "He's moving well, playing better and better. It's really fantastic to see because he's an important player for our game. He's made his mark in the history of our sport by winning multiple Slams and gold medals and reaching number one in the world. He's one of the most important names that we have. JUST IN: Djokovic 'getting back to old self' as Nadal fired French Open warning "To have him still compete is great, and to have him even play at a high level as the time goes by is impressive, considering the surgery and what he has been through in the past few years. His resilience and fighting spirit is really inspiring." And Murray has made comments on his own, expressing his excitement to lock horns with the Serb again, despite 'having no chance'. The 34-year-old has insisted he'll enjoy the occasion after holding doubts whether he'd have the chance to share the court with Djokovic again. READ MORE: Murray pessimistic about chances as he sets up Djokovic clash "In theory, I should have no chance in the match," Murray explained. "He's obviously number one in the world, and I'm playing with a metal hip, so I shouldn't have a chance in the match. It's a great opportunity for me to see where my game's at and to play against him. We've had so many great battles over the years in some of the biggest tournaments in the world. "We played in the final, I think, of all four Grand Slams, we played here in the final, and I haven't had the opportunity to play against him for a long time. I didn't know if I ever would get that chance, so I'll enjoy it. I'll have a fantastic attitude in the match, give it my best and see where I'm at."