Fletcher has now addressed the concerns on the soap’s official Twitter channel. Explaining the situation, he tweeted: “A lot of fans have expressed a little concern about my health on the internet and there's been some media inquiries as well, so I just wanted to put something to rest.” He continued: “I'm absolutely fine, I'm fit and well working on Neighbours and having a great time. “But, I can report to you I do have a disorder called alopecia areata. “Now, if you watched the Oscars, you know that's the thing that caused a bit of a discord between Will Smith and Chris Rock in referencing Will Smith's wife." Alopecia areata is a condition that develops when the body attacks its own hair follicles, explains American Academy of Dermatology Association (AAD). READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels This can cause hair loss anywhere on the body. It continues: “Many people who develop alopecia aerate develop a round or oval bald patch on their scalp.” Jada Pinkett Smith’s alopecia diagnosis became the subject of one of Chris Rock’s jokes at the Oscars. The jibe led to her husband and Best Actor winner Will Smith walking on stage and slapping the comedian across the face. Fletcher continued: “Alopecia areata causes patchy hair loss. I started to lose hair in my beard and then on my scalp in patches, so eventually I shaved my beard off and then my hair became so patchy on my head, I had to get rid of most of that as well. “UK audiences have seen Dr Karl without hair, Australian audiences are going to see it on June 2, so stay tuned for that," Fletcher added before cheerily whipping his cap off. “I know a lot of you are going to be pretty shocked, but I have no problem with it. In fact, it's kind of fun!" Fletcher went on to encourage fellow alopecia sufferers to seek out professional support if they’re struggling. He said: “Alopecia areata can be quite serious for people, particularly from an emotional point of view. “Sudden hair loss is really troubling for a lot of people, and particularly for young people who can be terribly bullied. “There is support out there. There are alopecia areata associations in Australia and in the UK, so reach out for help if you need it." Many people who develop alopecia aerate are otherwise healthy. AAD further explains: “They have hair loss and sometimes nail changes, but they remain in good health. “The hair loss tends to be unpredictable. Hair may regrow without treatment. This happens more often when someone has a few bald patches. When the hair regrows, it may fall out again—or it may not. “If alopecia areata affects the nails, you may see dents, ridges, or brittle nails. Some people develop red nails.” For support and advice visit Alopecia UK’s website.