Manchester United may have an advantage over their competitors for the signature of Declan Rice. The West Ham midfielder has reportedly rejected a new eight-year contract offer from West Ham that would have paid him a club-record £200,000 a week. The Hammers are desperate to keep their vice-captain, who has enjoyed the best season of his career so far with five goals and four assists in 48 outings. He helped West Ham to the Europa League semi-finals as well as putting them in the fight for a top-six finish. Despite that, it appears Rice sees his long-term future elsewhere. With his existing deal expiring in 2024, West Ham are eager to pen him to a new long-term extension but Rice has rejected multiple deals as well as this one that would have made him the highest-paid player in the club's 127-year history. And The Mirror say in Thursday's edition of the newspaper that those around the defensive midfielder, rated at £150million by West Ham, suspect he can get as much as £300,000 to £400,000 a week elsewhere. He is also said to be looking for Champions League football at his next club. While United cannot presently offer that, with sixth the highest they can finish this season, they are one of very few clubs who can offer Rice bigger wages than on offer from West Ham. Chelsea and Manchester City are other admirers of Rice's talents and can also pay him more than David Moyes' men. Yet United may have an edge because Chelsea only have three players on more than £200,000 a week in Timo Werner, N'Golo Kante and Romelu Lukaku and may be unwilling to hand Rice such a salary to match. Lukaku is their top earner on around £325,000 a week per Spotrac. City have four players on more than £200,000 per week in John Stones, Raheem Sterling, Jack Grealish and Kevin De Bruyne. New boy Erling Haaland is set to join them however and is expected to match De Bruyne's club-high wage of around £375,000 a week. United, by contrast, have shown a willingness to pay more players such huge wages in recent years. Despite their struggles they have seven players on more than £200,000 a week including Cristiano Ronaldo who earns a staggering £2m a month. Alexis Sanchez earned a pay packet that was not too dissimilar in his time at Old Trafford, with Paul Pogba, David De Gea, Romelu Lukaku, Angel di Maria and Zlatan Ibrahimovic other higher earners in Manchester in recent years. And while City and Chelsea should be able to offer Champions League football next season, perhaps the fact United are more agreeable to paying out the kind of salary Rice's people hope he can bring in could benefit them. Especially with the departures of Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Jesse Lingard set to free up around £900k a week. MORE MAN UTD NEWS...Man Utd told Nordi Mukiele transfer 'easy to make' after bargain priceNewcastle 'make decision' on Lingard as Man Utd exit plan takes shapeMan Utd 'contact Frenkie de Jong's entourage' as timeline set Regardless of their financial power, United will of course need new manager Erik ten Hag to give a glowing sales pitch if they are to sign Rice this summer. It appears any club will do well to prise the England international from the London Stadium with the Hammers determined not to lose the player. But should he receive a contract offer worth £300,000 a week from United, it is feasible that his representatives would begin to put the pressure on to try and force a move. Whether it is possible for anyone to get him out of West Ham this summer, only time will tell. Perhaps United's best hope of landing Rice however will be in 2023, if they can secure a top-four finish in Ten Hag's first season. If they show him this summer they're willing to pay more weekly than any other club, however, then maybe they still have hope of signing him up before the Dutchman takes charge.