The actor’s father died at the age of 39 from cancer so when he received a diagnosis in 2010, it came as quite a shock. The Six Feet under star even kept it secret for a period of time before going public with it after being ridiculed for wearing a knitted cap to cover up his condition. Hall was cured and has since become an advocate for a lymphoma charity and has spoken openly about the thoughts and feelings he experienced after his diagnosis. Hodgkin’s lymphoma is a cancer of the blood that can weaken the immune system, meaning that people with it are susceptible to infectious diseases. During season four of Dexter, the star was diagnosed with the condition. At the time, he kept his illness out of the public eye, but in the background he underwent chemotherapy as soon as the season had finished. "I thought, 'Well, I can treat this successfully and if my hair falls out [which it did] I'll wear a wig during the fifth season – and I won't even have to share with anyone that this is happening.'” he told the Guardian.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face - 'it's a sign you have high cholesterol' In the end, the star was really unable to hide the condition. He was ridiculed by a New York Times journalist after accepting his Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award in a knitted hat. The New York Times style blog tweeted: "Is Michael C. Hall playing Bob Marley in an upcoming movie? "Don't get the hat or what he is hiding under it." He soon went public about his fight with the condition, telling US Magazine that the cancer was in "complete remission". Years later, he described how he was “glad” he went public about the condition. DON'T MISS:  "I'm glad I did," he added in The Guardian interview. “Because I really underestimated how much that would be a source of inspiration or strength to other people. “Just to see someone who you know and spend time watching, who goes through the treatment process successfully, is of value." Hall’s father died from Prostate cancer at the age of 39 – and Hall was 38 at the time of his diagnosis. "I think I've been preoccupied since I was 11, and my father died, with the idea of the age 39: would I live that long? What would that be like?” he told the New York Times. “To discover that I had the Hodgkin's was alarming, but at the same time I felt kind of bemused, like: 'Wow. Huh. How interesting.'" There are two types of lymphoma, Hodgkin’s and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.  Hodgkin’s lymphoma means there is a specific cell called the Reed-Sternberg cell, which is one type of lymphocyte cell. If the immune system is weakened by the disease, doctors may prescribe regular doses of antibiotics, according to the NHS. The health body explains that typical symptoms include swelling in the neck, armpit, or groin. This may be painless although it can ache in some cases.Other symptoms include night sweats, weight loss, fever, breathlessness, a persistent cough, and persistent itching. 