NCIS season 19 has been one to remember with more casting changes than ever before. Agent Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole) was welcomed to the team and in some respect, is considered as Agent Leroy Gibbs' (Mark Harmon) replacement. Still, little has been revealed about his life up until now but this will change with the upcoming season finale on CBS. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS season 19's grand finale Birds of a Feather will air on Monday, May 23, on CBS. The episode will welcome Agent Parker's ex-wife Vivian Kolchak (Teri Polo) to the show, a former FBI agent turned paranormal investigator. She will make her first appearance in the final episode of series 19 but this won't be a one-off cameo. Instead, Parker's ex-wife will be returning in a recurring capacity for the upcoming 20th season. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Vivian Kolchak is played by actress Teri Polo who currently stars as Julia Perkins in Fox's musical comedy-drama The Big Leap. Prior to this, she took on the role of police officer Stef Adams Foster in the Freeform series The Fosters for five years and carried on this part in its spin-off Good Trouble. Some of her other projects have included I'm With Her, The West Wing, Wedding Bells, Man Up! and The Bravest Knight. Comedy fans, however, may best recognise Polo from a hilarious film franchise. Polo was none other than Pam Byrnes-Focker in the Meet the Parents trilogy, portraying actor Ben Stiller's onscreen fiancée-turned wife. She was the daughter of Robert De Niro's Jack Byrnes and Blythe Danner's Dina Byrnes. Besides these, she has had various minor parts in popular TV shows too. According to her IMDb page, some of these have been Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, Conviction, Castle, Drop Dead Diva and CSI Miami. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [VIDEO]Katrina Law children: Who are the NCIS Jessica Knight star's children? [FAMILY]NCIS Hawaii finale theory: Jesse death 'sealed' after explosive clue [THEORY] It isn't clear why Agent Parker and Vivian went their separate ways but viewers are bound to find out more intimate details of their past relationship when the finale airs. Her sudden appearance in the police procedural is expected to be linked in with the overall storyline of the episode as it focuses on Parker who is in a lot of trouble. The synopsis for Birds of a Feather reads: "When Parker is framed for murder, the team puts their jobs and lives on the line in order to buy time and uncover the truth." But will Vivian be the one to help her ex-husband out of this sticky situation? As previously mentioned, there will be a season 20 of NCIS after the network returned its renewal earlier this year. NCIS Los Angeles was also given the green light for season 14 and NCIS Hawaii for a second outing. So far, a start date for NCIS' return hasn't been announced but it is expected to make a comeback later this year. NCIS season 19 concludes on Monday, May 23, on CBS in America. The series continues every Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.