Anita Rani and her team of experts helped Amanda and her wife Charlotte see the errors of their ways and help them save enough to move back to Brighton. Amanda was concerned about the lack of money they had left at the end of the month. “We literally have nothing and sometimes less than nothing left over at the end of the month,” Amanda said. Amanda had to stop her cleaning business after an operation and breaking her wrist. So the couple are reliant on Charlotte’s salary. The couple bring in around £800 each month. Amanda explained that Charlotte is a “take away fiend” and they can get up to three take aways a day, four times a week. However she only does this for ease as she works, and also has been caring for Amanda whilst she has been recovering. The couple hoped to be able to use the saved up cash to move back to Brighton as they had a better life there. READ MORE: Universal Credit: Claimants could get their first payment early but there's a catch Amanda was almost £4,000 in debt, with Charlotte being £2,000 in debt. He suggested that people in credit card debt should consider getting interest free balance transfer credit cards. He warned Britons to check the terms and conditions before signing up for any cards as there could be switching fees attached. Mr Komolafe suggested that Amanda and Charlotte consolidate their debt, and just pay it off as one payment, rather than on two separate cards. He said the key thing is to not spend again. He suggested they get rid of their credit cards. The pair spend around £400 on take away each month which costs them roughly £4,800 a year The average amount someone spends on takeaway in the UK is £100 a month so if they cut down to this amount they can save over £3,000 a year. By cancelling Amazon and Spotify subscriptions they can save £216 a year. By moving their phone contracts to sim only deals, the pair can save £980 in the year. By selling unwanted gadgets they could save over £500. By taking on all the advice the experts gave them, the pair could save £8,384. Amanda said: “Oh my goodness. That’s a crazy amount of money. “My goodness. Now we have a joint purpose and we can work together because we see it.”