Newcastle are preparing a speculative bid to prise Dominic Calvert-Lewin away from Everton, according to reports. There is plenty of interest in the prolific Toffees forward this summer, with Arsenal and Manchester United also credited with interest. The Magpies are set to back Eddie Howe with a big transfer budget and their summer business will be led by their new sporting director Dan Ashworth. The former Football Association technical director is considered a coup for Newcastle following his arrival from Brighton. England star Calvert-Lewin is high up Newcastle’s shortlist in a potentially blockbuster transfer. That is despite the 25-year-old enduring a tough campaign in which he scored just five Premier League goals. Calvert-Lewin bagged the third in Everton’s remarkable 3-2 come-from-behind victory against Crystal Palace that secured their top-flight status. An ankle injury suffered earlier in the campaign limited him to just 17 league appearances. JUST IN: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil Newcastle see the former Sheffield United prospect as the man to lead their front line under Howe, according to the Mirror. A deal will not come easy, though, with Everton demanding a huge fee for their best player. The Toffees are in need of cash after recording losses of £250million over the last two seasons. Russian oligarch backer Ulisha Usmanov has also been sanctioned by the government, cutting off a key source of income. It leaves Everton in a precarious position and they might need to raise funds before they reinvest in a squad that has become stale in recent seasons. However, the Toffees will still hold out for an astronomical fee if Newcastle, or other potential suitors, try to sign Calvert-Lewin. DON'T MISS...Everton star Richarlison reveals transfer talk with Frank LampardLiverpool icon hits back at Richarlison after Everton star's wind-upRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeat The report continues that the Merseyside club could demand as much as the £85m they received from Man Utd for Romelu Lukaku in 2017. Club sources are apparently pointing to the fact that Calvert-Lewin is only behind Harry Kane in the England pecking order as a reason for demanding a big fee. Newcastle boss Howe is known to want a more mobile striker following the tough introduction Chris Wood has endured on Tyneside. The New Zealand international scored just two goals after his £25m move from Burnley and found himself replaced in the starting line-up once Callum Wilson returned from injury. Howe will face a major battle to sign Calvert-Lewin given that Arsenal and Man Utd are also known to be interested in the player. Both clubs are keen to sign a new striker, with the Gunners needing to replace the outgoing Alexandre Lacazette and Erik ten Hag demanding a replenished front line at Old Trafford.