Rupa Huq, Labour MP for Ealing Central and Acton in London, has been accused of political “point-scoring” against the Tories at the expense of the Queen after the 96-year-old pulled out of the ceremonial occasion. The Queen missed the State Opening of Parliament - when she reads out the Government's legislative programme for the forthcoming parliamentary session - for the first time in almost 60 years and was replaced by her son Prince Charles as she continued to experience "episodic mobility problems".  Ms Huq took to Twitter to joke: “With such a thin Queen's Speech, no wonder Her Majesty opted to work from home today.” But the Labour MP’s joke appeared to backfire with dozens of furious Twitter users accusing her of disrespecting the Queen. Carrie E posted: “No concern for her health? Just trying to political point score at her expense.  “I guess that’s the standard of Labour MPs - low” Tilly said: “Her Majesty The Queen would have been there today if able. She has never in 70 years as Queen shirked her duty and continues to serve with compassion, dedication and respect for others. “Using her absence today in a cheap point scoring attempt is disappointing and disrespectful.”  READ MORE: Charles mocked on social media after 'nonsense' Queen's Speech Steve Bridges tweeted: “How dare you bring HM into a sour political slant. I am so disappointed at the quality of politicians we tolerate today. “As a veteran I can tell you that you've certainly kicked the ball onto the wrong area of the pitch madam.” Ian G added: The Queen puts in more work in one day than you do in a month, she's also a widow in her 90's who's given up her entire adult life to serve our country so show some damn respect.  DON'T MISSWilliam cuts 'very sombre' figure at Queen's Speech [PICTURES]Pensioners offered 'glimmer of hope' in Queen's Speech [INFO]Boris Johnson warned 'thin' agenda to cost him key voters [WARNING] Helen told her: “You are part of Her Majesty's Most Loyal Opposition, try to remember that.” Free speaker posted: “f this tweet was an attempt at humour then it wasn't in the least bit funny. If it wasn't then it was just downright disrespectful. On second thoughts, it was just downright disrespectful anyway, regardless.” Adrian Bold added: “Get a grip! You are an elected MP. Show some respect for the our Queen.  Tim Quadling said: “You know that saying 'if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all', well, you should do that." Sandy added: I’d expect nothing less. Shameful but not surprising." But Ms Huq hit back against the criticism, insisting she has “enormous respect” for the Queen. She posted: “Some people don’t seem to realise it’s having a go at the Queen’s Speech and not the Queen who I have enormous respect for - in fact am going to her garden party.  “But then being a female Labour MP with the skin tone I have tends to get this sort of reaction to many of my posts.” In her absence, Prince Charles took on the head of state's major constitutional duty alongside his wife Camilla, in a the move which was interpreted as a significant shift in his responsibilities as a king in waiting. The Duke of Cambridge, also a future monarch, also attended the State Opening, the first time he has done so, with the royal function of opening a new parliament delegated to both Charles and William by the Queen.