Ukrainian technicians are risking their lives to protect the 34 data centres in the country, as internet connection has become a privilege, not a right for Ukrainian citizens. A scary thought considering that the initial missile strikes included a TV tower located in the Ukrainian capital, which disrupted access to news and broadcasts, and later expanded into residential neighbourhoods in the Kyiv and Kharkiv areas. This should serve as a wake-up call. The world’s primary communication mechanism has fallen under the control of a small handful of companies. To protect the global citizens who rely on the internet for their personal and financial livelihoods, it’s time to accelerate the transition to a decentralized web that is owned simultaneously by both and no one. The decentralized web is not inevitable; it relies on individuals, companies, and policymakers to build it into existence. The internet started out with a grand vision; to democratize communication. In the early 1960s, the commercial telephone network and the military’s command and control telephone network both used central switching facilities that routed communications to their destinations. Indeed, if one of those systems came under attack, the whole system could implode. In 1963, a computer scientist named J.C.R Licklider of the Pentagon’s Advanced Research Projects conceived of an Intergalactic Computer Network that would allow all computers, and people using them, to connect as one. By 1969, Licklider’s contemporaries had built the ARPANet, which would evolve into the internet that we use today. By 1990, the ARPANet had been decommissioned, whilst Tim Berners-Lee and his colleagues at CERN developed the HTML language and the uniform resource locator, otherwise known as the URL. Tim Berners-Lee’s World Wide Web of the 1990s captured the initial spirit of a decentralized, democratized internet platform. Yet the rise of e-commerce would fundamentally alter the fabric of the internet, and triggered the rise of ‘Web 2.0’. Once hosted on their own server, Blogs became centralized on platforms such as Blogger, Typepad, WordPress, and Tumblr. Social media services arrived and acted as a catalyst for the vast centralization of information on the web.  Today, most of the world’s information is stored in huge data centres owned by a tiny and elite selection of companies. In fact, according to Synergy Research Group, as of 2021, Amazon Web Services owns 33% of the cloud, while Microsoft Azure dominates 21%, and Google Cloud owns 10%. Public reliance on tech giants has intensified; Facebook, Google Twitter, and Snapchat are worth a combined $1.7 trillion. In China, WeChat, Weibo, and Qzone share approximately 2 billion users between them. In 2014, the top 35 websites had more visits than all the others. What started out as the ultimate democratized utopia has relapsed into becoming another corner of human activity that is dominated by a handful of companies. We take the strength of the internet for granted. We must remember the internet does exist in radio waves and signals beamed across the sky; it is reliant on data centres that can be hacked into or attacked physically. Global outages experienced by Facebook, which also saw disruptions in Whatsapp and Instagram, are open reminders at how 'fragile' the internet is. In December 2021 alone, AWS suffered three outages. The current data centre model is simply too vulnerable. The Ukraine crisis has forced us to reassess this fragility. The rise of cyber attacks stemming from the Kremlin has been prolific. Three strains of destructive Cyberware have been targeted at Ukrainian data centres so far; Hermetic Wiper, IsaacWiper, and Caddywiper.  Yet the physical danger of data centres is under attack too; Switzerland’s SWIFT data centre is now being protected by armed guards after the exclusion of Russian banks. Today, even blockchains, the most recent champions of the decentralized ideology, remain centralized at their core; 70 percent of Ethereum network’s nodes are hosted on centralized network servers. The internet’s foundations have been perverted by a handful of tech companies. Yet it isn’t too late to trigger a new frontier of the decentralized web, which could make the internet a communication service that works for the many, not just a technocratic few. The fundamental difference between a centralized and decentralized Internet economy is that individuals are not only clients, but also participants in the network. When a person becomes a network node, they can both use and offer Internet services such as cloud storage and computing. As a result, hacks become much more complicated given the data economy is dispersed across thousands of nodes across the globe. A decentralized internet protocol would make it harder for totalitarian regimes to censor or ban content, could democratize Internet access to the global south, and would make our global communication systems impervious to mass surveillance and sudden shutdown. Governments must understand that an open and democratized web is the backbone of a free and sovereign society. Policy-makers and tech companies must first understand just how vulnerable our current internet is. They must then work to build a regulatory framework that enables a smooth and safe transition to a web governed by the decentralized principles of Web 3.0 and blockchain.  There are two visions for the future web--pretty much like the Matrix or the Black Mirror where control of the flow of information is handled by a select few. One vision shows us continuing to allow a handful of powerful companies to continue their reign of unelected governance over our digital selves. Alternatively, we could embrace the promise of decentralized networks as part of the move to create a fairer and safer global communications protocol. In keeping the future safety and autonomy of ourselves and our children at the top of our priorities, it's about time we opted for the latter.  Louis. Sacha Obeegadoo is Head of Marketing and Ecosystems at ThreeFold Foundation.