Jane Seymour, 71, spoke out today on her ageless looks and how she manages to stay looking young despite her years. The Bond Girl took to Instagram to share the “secret” behind her fabulous visage with her 248,000 followers. Sharing a video from her bathroom, Jane said: “One of the questions I get asked the most is, ‘Why does your skin look so good?’ “And I tell them, ‘My secret is I use Crépe Erase’. Well, today, QVC has an incredible exclusive offer that you don’t want to miss.” Jane also shared a post on her main feed advertising the skincare products. However, she added that a healthy diet also contributes to the youthful look of her skin. She wrote: “The single most asked question I receive is ‘how do you get your skin looking so good?’ “Each time I tell them, it’s a combination of eating healthy and fresh as well as my @crepeerase! “Today @qvc and Crepe Erase are sharing an exclusive offer on this amazing system you won’t want to miss! Tap the link in my stories to check it out!” Some fans who had already tried the products rushed to the comments section to also vouch for the skincare brand. Everybodylovesjaneseymour said: “Gorgeous picture Jane. I love Crepe Erase! “My skin has felt so good since I started using it. Have a beautiful day Jane.” Kathryn.g.wise added: “@janeseymour love this so much! “I have started using these products as you recommended and love the immediate results and have even have my mom using them! DON'T MISSJohnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show [LATEST]Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [INSIGHT]Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour [NEWS] “Thankyou so much! You look amazing!” (sic) Angeliques56 commented: “I’ve been intrigued by all the advertisements of crepe erase, but I'm so skeptical. “I’m trying to be more open minded about experiencing new things. “Maybe this should be the start of my journey!!” Jane had previously shut down rumours that she had undergone a cosmetic procedure to lift up and pull back the skin to make her face tighter and smoother. Speaking on Steph's Packed Lunch in April, Jane stressed that she has not had a facelift, but was not against people getting the procedure. She said: “I don't have anything against anyone doing plastic surgery, I've never said that I haven't done anything. “I think I was probably asked, 'have you done a facelift?' And I said, 'no, I haven't'. That doesn't mean I don't think anyone else shouldn’t.”