In England alone, more than 4,350 seats are up for grabs when voters head to the polling stations, with a mixture of local and national elections taking place throughout the UK. When the results eventually come through, they’re likely to paint the clearest picture yet of voter intention ahead of 2024’s General Election. If you’re not sure of where exactly you’ll be voting you can find out using the online search tool on Where Do I Vote. The website uses your postcode to track down your designated polling station and gives details of how far away it is to reach. Before election day arrives, it’s important you know where you need to travel to. READ MORE: Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco  Each address is assigned a Polling District with a corresponding polling station, where the register is held and therefore where a person needs to go to vote. As a result, you can’t go and cast your ballot at any polling station you come across. Once you’ve arrived at the correct location, you’ll be asked to provide your name and address so that staff can check you’re registered to vote. Typically, local schools, churches and leisure centres are where voting stations are placed and you will be given a ballot paper on your arrival.  If you can’t physically attend a polling station but would still like to vote there are some exceptions. For example, if you have Covid, you can apply for an emergency proxy vote. For this type of ballot a nominated person can vote on your behalf. For local elections in England, Scotland and Wales, residents needed to have inked their registration before the middle of last month. DON'T MISS: German businesses hammered by Brexit [ANALYSIS]Woman angers neighbours by parking car across two spaces [NEWS]Shop prices soar to highest level for over a decade [INSIGHT]  In England, you have to be aged 18 or older, while in Scotland and Wales 16-year-olds and above can vote. Eligibility rules state you must also be living in the area to vote in any local elections. Anyone with more than one address, including students with different term-time accommodation, may be registered to vote at more than one location, unlike in parliamentary elections. European Union (EU) or Commonwealth citizens who live in the UK can vote in England, while any foreign citizen lawfully living in Scotland and Wales has the chance to take part in the polls.  Many prisoners are not allowed to vote, unless on remand or if they have been released on licence. Local elections are designed to give voters the power to decide who will be responsible in their local area for planning issues, housing and rubbish collections. They will also have input on national matters such as the cost of living crisis and the Government’s response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 