Swindon Town defender Mandela Egbo has claimed he was punched by fans following a pitch invasion in the wake of his side's League Two play-off penalty heartbreak. The Robins were beaten 6-5 on spot-kicks by Port Vale after the pair's two-legged semi-final ended 2-2 on aggregate as a full-time pitch invasion once again caused carnage.  After Swindon edged the first leg 2-1, James Wilson netted the only goal of the game at Vale Park to ensure the contest would be decided with a shootout. Vale then booked their place at Wembley at Swindon's expense as Ellis Iandolo's miss proved costly, before home supporters swarmed the pitch in celebration. Amid the melee, Egbo was then allegedly struck by some of the interlopers. Taking to Twitter, the Swindon right-back posted a selfie showing a cut to his nose alongside claims the injuries were inflicted by Vale fans during the invasion. He wrote: "How you scummy fans get two free shots and only manage a scratch? And I’m supposed to keep my cool – if I react I’m the bad guy right?” It appears he wasn't the only Robins player embroiled in an altercation either. Town manager Ben Garner declared a number of his squad were "physically and verbally abused" during the full-time invasion. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  "There was physical abuse out there, there was verbal abuse," Garner told BBC Radio Wiltshire. "I'm very proud of the players for the strength they've just shown. There's a lad with a cut on his nose, there's been all sorts of abuse. "I just don't understand it, I just don't know where this is coming from. I've seen it in some of the other games recently. Disgusting. It's disgusting. The episode is just one of a number of high-profile incidents involving pitch invasions that have occurred this week as the end of the English football season has been marred by violent scenes. On Thursday, man was jailed after headbutting Sheffield United captain Billy Sharp following a pitch invasion in the Blades' Championship play-off semi-final defeat to Nottingham Forest on Tuesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Meanwhile, Crystal Palace manager Patrick Vieira was also involved in a confrontation with a supporter at Goodison Park after Everton ensured their Premier League survival with a dramatic 3-2 comeback success over his side. After fans flocked to the pitch, one supporter was seen goading Vieira, which prompted the Eagles boss to lash out. Port Vale co-owner Carol Shanahan added: "There is no place and no need for violence at football matches and the individuals involved are not welcome. As an industry we have to, and will, stand firm and together with the police to ensure we get on top of it as soon as possible."  