Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has shared the big concerns he has over their cars being “undrivable” at the Monaco Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton finished tenth in the first free practice session, and George Russell eighth as the seven-time world champion bemoaned the issues surrounding his car on Friday. Hamilton launched into an X-rated rant on the team radio after porpoising issues returned 30 minutes into the first session. Wolff, speaking to Sky Sports F1, said: “I think we have a ride issue, that’s something that we had through the season and is on the bouncing. Sometimes it’s a combination between error and stiffness, today it’s the stiffness. “It looks like our car performs because we were quick, maybe not at the end where we had the hard tyre on and were doing long runs but overall I think it’s undrivable like this. I think [we have to] work on the setup. Try and make it a little bit more enjoyable for them." When asked by Ted Kravitz if the car is fast and whether the drivers will need to get around the issue, Wolff replied: “Yeah, of course. You want to have a fast car. We are coming closer in any case, learning more and more so that is a positive.” Charles Leclerc was fastest around his home circuit, with Sergio Perez second and Carlos Sainz third. Two Ferraris finished in the top three, something which former world champion Damon Hill highlighted in the build-up to the event. Hamilton will not have been happy to finish tenth, and said during the race: “The bouncing is crazy mate. “I'm f*** losing my mind.” He then later added: “There’s an incredible amount of bouncing.” Suggesting he needs extra protection in the car, Hamilton explained: "Need elbow pads in this cockpit, it's bouncing so much." Hamilton went into the weekend surrounded by controversy over whether he would remove his jewellery and piercings to comply with the FIA’s rules after his two-race grace had ended at Monaco. The Brit has however been given another three-race extension to remove his jewellery and was told by Hill that he had an opportunity to enjoy success at Monaco - but the Englishman has not had the start he would have wanted. Hill said: “It helps to have a good car, I think Ferraris will be very good here and Charles Leclerc on his home soil, but I think Lewis has got a chance. Anyone who has got a decent car has got a chance, and I think they have got rain forecast for Sunday so there again, it’s a big open opportunity for anyone.”