On Monday's Bank Holiday outing of The Chase, host Bradley Walsh was joined by Andrew, 27, Julie,42, Lauren, 33 and Boris 52. Smiling away as the team introduced themselves, their smiles soon turned to frowns as the contestants' hopes were dashed. However, one solo quizzer gave Chaser Darragh 'The Menace' Ennis a run for his money and emerged victorious.   Sports journalist Andrew was first up and felt confident as he stepped up to the challenge in a vibrant Hawaiian floral shirt. He secured £300 and was hoping to take on The Beast to "knock him down a few pegs" but was bested by Chaser The Menace. Julie bagged £5,000 in her cash builder, and after being tempted with the high offer of £33,000, she played it safe as the team "had no money in the pot" after Andrew was caught. Hitting her answer too fast for her final question suffered the same fate as the first contestant and set a low bar for the team. Read More: 'Changes Labour made!' Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition   Bradley said, "Ouch" after realising his first two players were axed in almost record time. The Menace commented: "You answered that way too quickly! You jumped at it, and you didn't think!" He insisted if she had "just took a second", she would have got the answer correct. Hoping three was the magic number, estate agent Lauren went next and turned down the low offer of £1,000 and the high offer of £44,00 and stuck with her £4,000 pot to take on the Chaser.     Caught four questions from home, Bradley stated that the Chaser was in "good form". All hopes fell to special needs teacher Boris, with many of the show's fans rallying behind the lonely quizzer. Boris answered four questions correctly and managed to make it back home with his £4,000. He performed "brilliantly" alone and got an 18-step lead for the final Chase. Darragh said: "That was outstanding! Absolutely brilliant, great answers, and you didn't panic." DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]'Didn't want to' DI Ray star shares concerns over portraying ‘racist’ role in ITV series [LATEST]Jennie Bond on exactly why the royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [LATEST]   Managing to push the Chaser back three times, Boris left the show victorious and bested The Menace to take home his £4,000. The show's loyal online following commented throughout the episode and were won over by Boris' solo craftsmanship. They even went as far as calling for him to become the next Chaser on the series, and came up with a nickname. Samantha Chown cheered: "Just watched #TheChase Boris should become a chaser! The Viking! What a performance."    Avni Dhir tweeted: "#thechase what a player Boris was 18 by himself, well-deserved winner." Hotstepper75 added: "Boris is mint!! HE should be a chaser, one of the best contestants I’ve seen - he’s also a canny Jurgen Klopp impersonator #TheChase." Kayleigh Natasha shared their sentiment and commented: "Boris could be a future Chaser #thechase." Laurence Easton concluded: "Boris was absolutely amazing on #TheChase - they should offer him a job as a chaser! ‘Boris the Butcher’ or something like that." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.