Gemma Atkinson, 37, says that she does not see her fiancé Gorka Marquez, 31, “all day every day” and admits that the Strictly professional can “struggle” when he is away from his family. Gemma made the admission when she was probed by Vicky Pattison whether Gorka is “the one”.The Hollyoaks actress proclaimed: ”Yes he is lovely.“But, without sounding awful, we don’t see each other all day every day and it has been like that from the start.”Gemma and Gorka have been in a relationship since 2018 after meeting on the set of Strictly Come Dancing. READ MORE:Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture During the beginning of their romance, Gemma said that Gorka lived in London while Gemma was based in Manchester.But their longest time apart came during the Covid pandemic when Gemma was left at home with their young daughter, Mia, who is now aged two.Gemma explained on The Secret To podcast: “I think the longest that we have gone apart was about 16 weeks.“That was during the Strictly lockdown.” Host Vicky then probed whether the couple find long-distance hard.Gemma replied: “For me, it went quick because I had Mia.  “But [Gorka] really struggled.“He is lucky in that he was dancing with Maisie [Smith] that year, and she is lovely, and they got on like a house on fire. She is so, so nice.” DON'T MISSMichael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family[LATEST]Dennis Waterman's cause of death given after secret two-year battle[INSIGHT]Fern Britton inundated with messages over prediction about the Queen[NEWS] During the time the couple were apart in late 2020, Gorka penned a heartfelt apology when Covid restrictions forced him to miss Gemma’s birthday.He shared a series of adorable snaps to his 696,000 followers, and wrote: “Happy Birthday baby! Sad I can't be there to celebrate with you and Mia your day like you deserve.  “You are the most amazing mum and girlfriend in the world!  “Kind, funny, humble, caring, talented, strong and I am so grateful to have you by my side. 