In a new interview, The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades, 52, opened up about how his busy schedule doesn’t leave a lot of time for personal relationships. Jay revealed in a new interview that the show can put a strain on relationships. In one year, he only spent 22 days at home due to his busy work life. Jay said: “My alarm is set for six o'clock but every day at half five, I'm up - let's go, let's go!” “I said to my ex-wife, ‘Why do you think that is?’ and she said, ‘Because you're excited about what's happening. Every day to you now is like Christmas.' “It's like a kid, if you tell them to get up at a certain time to open their presents, I guarantee they'll be up before that, so that's what it feels like.” Jay was previously married to ex-wife Jade after they met at university. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine Jay explained that filming for the furniture restoration show takes place in West Sussex over nine months every year, while they film for up to six days a week. Speaking to The Telegraph, Jay admitted the filming process for The Repair Shop takes up a lot of his time. Last week, he appeared on BBC’s The One Show to share news about The Repair Shop’s future. Fans sent in questions for Jay. He answered one of the questions by saying: “More Repair Shops? Definitely.” He added: “We’re filming the new series. “And that comes out I believe on the 11th (of May)… I don’t know the actual date but it is coming out.” Jay has also been presenting a new Channel 5 show Jay Blades: No Place Like Home. DON'T MISS: Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [COMMENT]Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, straddles singer Maluma, 28, as she flaunts ageless looks [PICS] It seems Jay clashed with the producers of the show while they were making the show. The documentary sees him visiting his childhood home for the first time in decades. On The One Show, Jay spoke about how there were disagreements before filming even started. Jay recalled: “I learned so much because when we came up with the original idea, the production company…well my production company, development team, we come up with these ideas, and they were like ‘Oh, we want you to learn about Hackney.’ “And I said, ‘Well, I know everything about Hackney, what's the point?’ And they said, ‘No you don’t’ and I said, ‘Yes, I do know.’ “And they said, ‘No you don’t’, so I said, ‘Ok, prove me wrong’, and they proved me wrong. “There was so much stuff that I didn't know about Hackney, and I am so glad we done it.” (sic)