Now we have launched FTA negotiations with Mexico, a country which offers real, untapped opportunities for UK businesses. Its trillion-dollar economy is the second largest in Latin America. Its population is forecast to hit 146 million by 2035, half of them under 30. Unfortunately, right now, UK businesses can’t take full advantage of everything Mexico has to offer. That’s because our current, two decade-old trade deal, forged in the pre-iPhone era and long before super-fast broadband became commonplace, is now showing its age. The current deal, rolled over from an agreement we had under the EU, fails to reflect the challenges and opportunities of a rapidly changing global economy. That’s why we’re looking at a trade agreement tailor-made to meet our 21st century needs. One that delivers benefits for UK SMEs, boosts our services sector and supports food & drink firms to continue exporting to this fast-growing market. Our aim is to secure an agreement that will both lock in the benefits of our existing deal and truly reflect our strengths in areas such as financial, creative, digital and technology services. The case for upgrading our deal like this is particularly compelling because the UK currently trades £1.7billion of services a year with Mexico - mostly digitally. Mexico’s financial system is one of the most developed in South America. As a result, these new and enhanced services commitments could increase export opportunities, providing a boost to our already world-leading services industries. Innovation will be at the heart of this modern deal. Mexico has one of the largest fintech industries in Latin America, while almost three quarters of its population are now online. It also boasts a fast-growing electricity sector and significant growth in solar and wind installations, providing opportunities for the UK to offer its deep knowledge and skills in this area. As a result, an upgraded FTA could make trading easier for the 2,700 small and medium-sized firms from around the UK which exported to Mexico in 2020 – and encourage more to join them. New patent provisions could help medtech firms like Micropore Technologies in Redcar sell its life-saving products in Mexico – an import market worth £368bn, where UK pharma imports doubled in the last year. We’ll also seek to make it easier for UK firms to enter the Mexican public procurement sector by creating a level playing field when bidding for government contracts at federal and state level. These could, for instance, include large upcoming Mexican infrastructure projects to construct railway lines, airports and highways. And for the first time, it could also include contracts for financial and business services. Mexico is the leading destination in Latin America for UK food and drink products. UK firms already benefit from 0 percent tariffs which reduce duties on UK exports by £57 million per year. With Mexican households allocating more than a quarter of their total spending on food and the upper-middle class growing, there are clear opportunities to increase the sales of premium British products to Mexican consumers. Mexico is not just a gateway to the Americas but also to the Indo Pacific region, as a key member of the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership. Negotiating a new free trade deal with Mexico supports our aim of joining this £9tn trading bloc made up of some of the world’s largest economies. Needless to say, everyone should benefit equally from this deal. That’s why, with my counterpart Tatiana Clouthier, I will put women’s economic empowerment at the heart of our talks. We’ll be seeking to demolish the trade barriers women disproportionately face, such as lacking access to business networks. This will help to increase gender equality in business, trade and society. These talks represent the third set of FTA negotiations launched by the Government this year, following India and Canada. Already we’ve agreed deals with Australia, New Zealand and Japan. We’re on track to join CPTPP and we next month we’ll start our fourth round of talks on our ambitious trade deal with India. And as we carve out our future as a newly independent trading nation, we are going to seize every opportunity to grow our economy, create jobs and boost key industries – ensuring our success now and long into the future. Anne-Marie Trevelyan is Secretary of State for International Trade.