Liverpool could enjoy a glorious Sunday afternoon if they defeat Wolves and club legend Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa cause an upset at Manchester City. Such circumstances would crown Jurgen Klopp's side as 20-time Premier League champions and move them one game away from an unprecedented quadruple. However, it would be a bitter-sweet ending for three Reds players who have featured in the top-flight this season, but not enough to be eligible to receive a medal. Express Sport runs through the unfortunate members of Klopp's squad who wouldn't take home a medal if Liverpool secure the crown. In line with Premier League rules, goalkeepers only have to feature in one game for a medal, criteria Caoimhin Kelleher meets. However, outfield players must make five appearances and Tyler Morton is one of three young stars whose tallies haven't reached that landmark. The 19-year-old midfielder played the final seven minutes of Liverpool's 4-0 win against Arsenal at Anfield in GW12. He was then handed his first Premier League start by Jurgen Klopp in the 2-2 draw at Tottenham Hotspur in GW18, almost playing an hour in north London. JUST IN: What Everton fan said to Patrick Vieira to provoke angry reaction Kaide Gordon will have appreciated receiving his first-team debut at Anfield back in GW22, coming off the bench for the final nine minutes of Liverpool's 3-0 triumph over Brentford. However, that was the only appearance he made in this season's Premier League. Aged just 17, the winger is learning from some of the best in Europe today in Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz. And while he may be frustrated to miss out on a Premier League medal, he'll be confident his time to grow into a prominent part of Klopp's plans will come. READ MORE: Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher 'happy' Everton avoided relegation Neco Williams poses as the most senior name on this list and won't be half as frustrated to miss out on gold as the other two. The 21-year-old right-back already has one Premier League medal in his trophy cabinet after making six appearances in Liverpool's 2019-20 campaign. On top of that, the Welshman has secured a medal of his own this season after leaving the Reds on loan in January and helping Fulham gain promotion by winning the Championship. Williams' only Premier League game this season came in the final eight minutes of Liverpool's 5-0 win at Watford in GW8.