As the cost of living crisis in the UK ensues, Britons are finding ways to make their money go further – and this extends to grocery shopping. Both industry experts and crisp fans have been sharing food hacks on social media to help others save money and make their food products last longer, including crisps. Experts in the food industry have warned crisp fans they have been storing crisps incorrectly. The correct way – which may be niche for some – will make the savoury snack last longer. The freezer is in fact the best place to store crisps, not the cupboard, according to the experts at life hacks blog Lifehacker. The experts said that storing crisps – whether they are Walkers or Pringles – in the freezer can extend their life for a few more months. READ MORE: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked The low water content in the crisps means the temperature in the freezer will not have the usual effect it usually has on frozen products. This means the crisps will not freeze, but will instead just go cold. According to Lifehacker there is plenty of anecdotal evidence that keeping crisps in the freezer will help them last longer. Social media users from all over the world have recently shared they tend to keep crisps in the freezer. DON'T MISS: Kate's sweet tribute to sister Pippa during stunning Anzac Day [COMMENT]Zara Tindall 'stopped cooking' for Mike after giving up red meat [INTERVIEW]Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [INSIDER] Twitter user @Essieteric wrote: “Crisps in the freezer is the battlefield that I will die on because it is the right side of history who’s with me.”(sic) User @HJMovingFarAway said: “Crisps taste best straight out of the freezer.” User @defyadvanced commented: “I can’t be the only person who eats cheese and bacon balls with a spoon, and keeps potato chips/crisps in the freezer?” User @RealCariari added: “I always put crisps in the freezer. Makes them more crunchy and enhances the flavor.”(sic) This discussion comes after industry bosses said crisps could lose their best before dates to curb food waste. Earlier this year, in January, supermarket managers noted the Food Standards Agency (FSA) states that popular snacks such as crisps are fine to eat after their best before date. This is because the best before date is guidance only – it is when the quality of the product is best, but it doesn’t mean it is unsafe to eat once the date has passed. The FSA said: “The best before date, sometimes shown as BBE (best before end), is about quality and not safety. “The food will be safe to eat after this date but may not be at its best. “Its flavour and texture might not be as good. Best before dates appear on a wide range of foods including frozen foods, dried foods and tinned foods. “The best before date will only be accurate if the food is stored according to the instructions on the packaging.” Following this, from January 31, Morrisons became the first British supermarket to scrap use by dates on milk cartons and replace them with best before dates – in a bid to reduce food waste. More recently, the Co-op announced in April that it will be removing the use by dates on its own brand yoghurts in order to cut food waste. Nick Cornwall, head of food technical at the Co-op, explained that yoghurt can be safe to eat in unopened and in the fridge after the use by date. This is because the acidity of the dairy product acts as a natural defence against it going stale. Mr Cornwall said the Co-op was encouraging customers to “use their judgement” if their yoghurt has past its best before date. The FSA suggested that people use their senses to test if a product has been spoiled, such as smelling some dairy products. Mr Cornwall added: “Controlling food waste is not only beneficial for managing household budgets, it also has an environmental benefit and will ultimately help reduce carbon emissions.”