Jose Mourinho could be about to hand one of his Manchester United successors a huge favour with a reported swoop for Aaron Wan-Bissaka. The out-of-favour defender is one of a host of players tipped for the exit door at Old Trafford as Erik ten Hag looks to rebuild after a disappointing campaign. The former Ajax boss has cut short his time in Amsterdam to get to work with the Red Devils earlier after a dismal end to the season saw interim boss Ralf Rangnick' side finish sixth in the Premier League table. The Dutchman has outlined the 'huge plan' facing him at his new club, and is confident the era of dominance from rivals Liverpool and Manchester City will come to an end. Wan-Bissaka joined United in a deal worth up to £50 million in the summer of 2019, but has struggled to meet expectations and ended last season as a backup option to Diogo Dalot. The former England under-21 international still has two years on his contract, with the Red Devils holding an option to extend this by a further year. Wan-Bissaka's representatives have reportedly pushed for a new long-term contract, but have been advised the club will not advocate a new deal until ten Hag delivers his verdict on the underperforming squad. Former club Crystal Palace have been linked with a move, as well as Atletico Madrid. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest It has now emerged ex-United boss Mourinho could be considering a raid on his former club for the 24-year-old. The pair did not work together at Old Trafford, with the 'Special One' dismissed a year prior to Wan-Bissaka's arrival. However, Italian outlet Gazzetta dello Sport via Sport Witness claim the Roma boss is now mulling over a loan move for the full-back with an option to buy. The Conference League winners are looking to improve the right side of their defence, with loanee Ainsley Maitland-Niles returning to Arsenal after making just eight Serie A appearances. The report outlines how a fee in the region of £25 million could be required to broker a deal for Wan-Bissaka. Roma general manager Tiago Pinto is also said to hold an interest in Dalot, which could lead to the Serie A giants moving for whichever full-back ten Hag deems surplus to requirements. The Manchester Evening News recently reported that the Portuguese international has been told he remains part of ten Hag's plans for the upcoming season, opening the door for an exit for Wan-Bissaka. Roma's interest in the full-back could be welcomed by the new Red Devils boss, with the additional funds allowing greater scope for a squad rebuild.