The family of four from New Jersey told Fox News Digital that their holiday at the theme park had cost over £6,500. They had bought private transportation to the park, Park Hopper tickets, four nights of lodging, Genie Plus passes and meals. The family also spent around $700 (£558) on souvenirs at the Disney World park on their break. The mother said she questioned how the average American family could afford to holiday at Disney. Prices for Disney have skyrocketed in recent years while free options for things like shuttles have been eliminated. A four day Park Hopper ticket, which holidaymakers use to travel between parks, costs $559 (£446). A four day standard ticket costs $447 (£357) which can quickly add up for the average family. Families will also have to fork out a small fortune to eat and drink at the resort with a coffee costing $3.49 (£2.78). A plate of spaghetti and meatballs at Tony’s Town Square restaurant costs $24 (£19.15) at Disney World. A chocolate croissant at Fuel cafe costs $5.50 (£4.39) which means the price of eating will quickly add up. When the Magic Kingdom first opened in 1971, adults were charged $3.50 (£2.79) to enter the park. According to the US inflation calculator, that would translate to around $24.98 (£19.93) in 2022. A seven day trip to Disney World Florida for two adults and two children travelling on August 17 for one week comes to £5,322. This includes a standard room at the Disney’s All Star Music resort, return flights on Delta Air Lines, a seven day Magic Ticket to the parks and 15 percent off at the shop. A family would still need to pay for food and drink on their holiday as well as any souvenirs from the trip. This means that a DisneyWorld holiday could be out of reach for the average family due to high prices. On Twitter, one person @amethot99, tweeted: “Just cancelled our fall trip to Walt Disney World. “We had a great time last month but it’s so expensive. Going to take a break from our favourite place for a while, as sad as it makes me.” Another @pman2860, tweeted: “Disneyland and Disney World aren’t worth going to anymore. “Too expensive and too much pre-planning. From someone who has probably been to both parks over 30 times. No more.” Walt Disney World is currently celebrating its 50th anniversary since opening with some special souvenirs on offer. British tourists who want to travel to the park will find the best deals going outside of the peak summer period or could try staying outside the resort.