Manchester United’s new manager Erik ten Hag has called Marc Overmars his “perfect director” despite the fact the ex-Arsenal winger parted ways with Ajax earlier this year after he sent “a series of inappropriate messages to several female colleagues”. Ten Hag and Overmars worked alongside each other for over four years in the Netherlands. Overmars had already been at Ajax as their director of football for five-and-a-half years by the time the club appointed Ten Hag as their boss in December 2017. And during their time together, Ajax won two league and cup doubles and reached the semi-finals of the Champions League. Ajax’s 2019 Eredivisie triumph during Ten Hag’s first full season at the helm was the first time the club had won the league title in five years. And their KNVB Beker success the same season was the first time they had won the Dutch Cup for nine years. Ten Hag won his third league title with Ajax last week after his side thrashed Heerenveen 5-0 at the Johan Cruyff Arena. And the 52-year-old admitted Overmars’ role in the success shouldn’t be downplayed as he lauded his compatriot. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “That's one of the statements I made after winning the title - we sculpted this team together,” Ten Hag said at the weekend. “Marc has of course been incredibly valuable to me - as a sounding board and as a noise remover. He turned out to be the perfect technical director for me.” Ten Hag is set to take over at Old Trafford this summer after agreeing an initial three-year deal in April. And he will be tasked with reigniting the fire at the club and resurrecting United from the ashes following another underwhelming season. Ten Hag is yet to announce his backroom set-up at Old Trafford. But United have reportedly agreed a deal to appoint Mitchell van der Gaag as part of the team’s coaching staff next season.   Meanwhile, Ten Hag has already revealed he could link-up with Overmars at Ajax one day in the future. “That's a romantic thought,” the Dutchman said. “We have been very successful together. It's hard to say it's happening - but it certainly could.” Overmars has taken on the role of technical director at Royal Antwerp since leaving Ajax. But he will no doubt be disappointed about how his time at the Dutch champions ended. “Director of football affairs Marc Overmars will leave Ajax with immediate effect,” read an Ajax statement in February. “He made this decision after discussions in recent days with the supervisory board and CEO Edwin van der Sar and communicated his intentions to them. A series of inappropriate messages sent to several female colleagues over an extended period of time underlies his decision to leave the club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 