Silent Witness has now been airing for a quarter of a century and shows no signs of slowing down any time soon. The BBC crime drama stars the likes of actress Emilia Fox as Dr Nikki Alexander and David Caves as Jack Hodgson. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the Silent Witness guest stars kicking off series 25. Actress Amanda Burton was the original star of Silent Witness as Professor Sam Ryan before Emilia Fox took over the lead role. She comes back on the scene, asking for the Lyell team's help after her husband and business partner is at the end of an assassination attempt during the launch of her new company in Liverpool. Over the years, Burton has been in more than 40 shows, such as White House Farm, Marcella, Waterloo Road and Anne Boleyn. She is set to star in all six episodes of this celebratory season of Silent Witness.  READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast On hand to investigate the assassination is DSI Ronnie Boyle who is played by actor Ian Puleston-Davies. The Welsh star previously made an appearance in the drama back in 2007 but he is by far best known for playing Owen Armstrong in Coronation Street. Owen had a long-term relationship with Anna Windass (Debbie Rush) and is the dad of Izzy (Cherylee Houston) and the late Katy Armstrong (Georgia May Foote). Besides these, Puleston-Davies has been in Tin Star, DI Ray, Pennyworth and A Confession.   Also on board to help the case is Oscar Harris, played by actor David Leon. Fans will recognise him for appearing in The Refugees, Cutting It, RocknRolla and BBC One's Gold Digger. One of his biggest roles to date has been in ITV's Vera as DS Joe Ashworth for 16 episodes. Most recently, Leon worked as a narrator on the programme Hitler's Countdown to War.  DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby suffers huge blow after show is 'axed' [CANCELLED]Silent Witness star details 'emotional' conversation with Amanda Burto [REACTION]Amanda Burton opens up on surprise return to Silent Witness  [EXPLAINER] Jomo Mashaba is Professor Sam Ryan's husband and business partner in their new health venture. He is shot during the first episode but thankfully, he manages to survive the attack. Actor Hugh Quarshie has been in White Heat, Doctor Who and Absentia and Stephen. However, he is definitely best known for playing Ric Griffin in BBC's Holby City for 19 years.  Also eager to crack the case is DS Martine Chalal who is played by actress Shireen Farkhoy. Prior to Silent Witness, she has been in Vera, Doctors, The A Word and The Ipcress File. Other cast members include: Dan Clemence - Tom Benedict Knight Fiona Mashaba - Gina Bramhill Rosa Hernandez - Diana Bermudez Silent Witness season 25 continues every Monday and Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One. 