Spiders are one of the most common pests spotted in the UK, both outside and around the home. While most species are harmless, these creepy crawlies can be terribly unpleasant to find lurking in dark corners of your property. Fans of Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages on social media to share their top tips on deterring spiders away from homes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to keep spiders out of homes. Jordan Leigh-May Web said: “Does anyone know how to keep spiders away?” These eight-legged insects use their small bodies to crawl up walls and ceilings, making them almost impossible to catch on-the-go. Experts often warn that Britons should try to deter spiders from their home, rather than kill them. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ This is because spiders actually eat other insects such as mosquitoes, which can help to prevent disease. However, for those who want to keep their homes spider-free, Mrs Hinch fans shared a plethora of ways to easily remove these arachnids from properties. Of all the comments, the most popular solution was to use peppermint oil. Susan Morgan said: “They hate peppermint so I use the essential oil around my house on cotton balls, it’s super easy.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT]How to properly clean mattresses to ‘kill off any dust mites’ [EXPERT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [TIPS] Kelly Dyke suggested: “Spray all the entry areas of your home with peppermint oil, it’s such a cheap and easy way to keep them out for good.” Cleona Dooley commented: “I used to spray peppermint oil all over my kids play house and it always worked.” Becky Gray advised: “Peppermint oil, I mix it in a spray bottle with water and spray everywhere, will be doing it again soon you’ve just reminded me.” Julie Kantu said: “I use peppermint spray, it’s my holy grail for keeping spiders and insects out of my house.” Ceri Anne Jenkins replied: “Peppermint sprayed on window sills and doors.” Sharon Milner agreed: “Wipe peppermint oil around your doors and windows.” Peppermint oil can be purchased from retailers such as Holland & Barrett or Amazon for as little as £1. Mrs Hinch fans explained that the bottle can last for over a year as “only a few drops are needed” so it is “well worth the money”. Sandra Jade explained: “I haven’t had any problems with spiders since using peppermint oil. “This product is well worth the money as it has lasted me nearly two years as only a few drops are needed for it to work.” Placing peppermint plants in strategic places inside and outside homes may also help repel spiders. Homeowners can also try sprinkling peppermint leaves in places overrun by spiders if they do not have peppermint oil to hand.