Even after several weeks, Britons may notice some of the towels in their regular bathroom rotation begin to lose their just-bought fluffy feel, leaving dry, scratchy towelling material in its place. The obvious thought might be to chuck them in the wash with an extra dose of fabric softener for good measure. However, fans of cleaning senseation Mrs Hinch advise against this and instead have recommended using white vinegar as a “cheaper and amazing’ alternative. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to make her bath towels “soft” again. Melanie Morley wrote: “Hi, any idea on how to keep my bath towels soft when line drying as opposed to being like exfoliating boards?” When first using towels, they can be fluffy and absorbent, but can quickly lose this if used everyday. Towels typically tend to feel stiff because they start to build up soapy residue. READ MORE: Interior expert and M&S insider shares step-by-step folding hack video Fabric softeners contain silicon that will make towels water repellent, so they won’t get as good a wash. According to Mrs Hinch fans, the key to fixing this issue is by using white vinegar in the laundry. Pauline McCoullough said: “Put white vinegar in your rinse.” For those who are not a fan of the smell, LeaLou Zezelj replied: “You can make scented vinegar by adding essential oil to the vinegar bottle and leaving it, then shake before use.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [TIPS]Oven cleaning: ‘Cheap’ and ‘simple’ way to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] Janice Doyle commented: “I use white vinegar in the rinse cycle. It takes out any residue left in your towels and fluffs them up. If you use this method you’ll have no more crunchy towels. “It's amazing and the cheapest product I’ve found to restore them.” Julie Simmons advised: “Stop using fabric softener. It's the animal fats making them hard. Mine are all soft again now because I use white vinegar.” Susie Jenkins said: “Use white vinegar instead of conditioner. It’s honestly such a cheap and amazing method for achieving soft and fluffy towels.” Yvonne Foster instructed: “Add two tablespoons of white vinegar in the rinse drawer.” Alice Beaumont replied to the comment: “Yes, it really works. I've been doing this for over 10 years and it doesn't leave a smell.” Gayle-Carlyle Stenberg added: “I used to have smelly clean towels until someone told me about putting one cup of vinegar in the rinse cycle. My towels smell clean and fresh now.” Jennifer Rhule agreed: “I do this method in every wash. Also stops your washing machine from smelling.” It is recommended that an extra white vinegar rinse is done at least every six weeks to soften towels. The acetic acid in the vinegar helps to break down excess detergent and build-up in the towel fibres. This tends to reduce the absorbency of towels initially and will help them stay nice and fluffy. White vinegar can be purchased from Tesco for as little as 29p.