Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin’s charming comedy series began life as a raunchy senior sitcom about two enemies-turned-friends who bond over a shocking family revelation back in 2015. Seven years on, fans have completely fallen in love with Grace and Frankie, which wrapped up on Netflix last week with the long-awaited second part of its final season. Crew member for the series Luke Miller has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about what viewers can expect to see next from the two screen legends. Grace and Frankie: Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin's next project confirmed 'Just wrapped' Jane and Lily will be sharing the screen together again very soon after finishing work on their popular Netflix sitcom. Having co-starred together with country singer Dolly Parton in the hit 1980 film 9 To 5, the actresses have remained close friends over the years. In fact, Luke confirmed it didn’t take long at all for Jane and Lily to find a way to work together after wrapping Grace and Frankie season seven. “They’ve just wrapped their second movie they did after our show,” he revealed to the Express. READ MORE: Here We Go star Alison Steadman recalls 'weird feeling' on-set “They did a movie together immediately… it was, like, the next week or something.” After finishing filming season seven in November last year, the Hollywood veterans quickly signed on to their next feature together, Moving On. Co-starring Malcolm McDowell, Jane and Lily portray two old friends who reconnect at a funeral and decide to take revenge on a widower who wronged them several years before. Luke revealed the project got started shortly after the Grace and Frankie cast, which also includes Martin Sheen and Sam Waterston, said their teary farewells on the set of the last season. He continued: “And I think it was very smart, actually. I think it was smart because they wrapped up our show, and the other movie was already in pre-production and they went right into this other movie. “And I think that was smart because then they didn’t have time to really miss the show right away because they were still working together.” In the final episode, Grace and Frankie are both temporarily killed at the latter’s fake funeral after they receive an ominous premonition about her death. Realising they’re now in Heaven, they meet with an angelic secretary played by none other than the final piece to their 9 To 5 trio, Dolly. DON'T MISS:Gemma Whelan lists conditions for returning to Game of Thrones [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview [REACTION]NCIS LA Devin and Fatima in life-threatening explosion [VIDEO] However, they realise they both have unfinished business back on earth, and manage to trick the receptionist into sending them back to settle the score. Fans will have already devoured the final twelve episodes over the past few days but, thankfully, the duo have not one, but two new projects to look forward to in the next year or so. “They just finished another movie called Eighty for Brady,” Luke teased. “It’s a road trip movie about some women who go see Tom Brady play. And I think they wrapped that or they’re just about to wrap that.” Filming for this feature got started in March 2022, so it won’t be long before the first details and trailers start to emerge. In addition to Jane and Lily, the road comedy also stars Rita Moreno, Sally Field, Sara Gilbert, Bob Balaban and, of course, Tom Brady playing himself. Jane has also lent her voice to the upcoming animated film Luck, whilst Lily is expected to reprise her role as Aunt May in Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse. Grace and Frankie seasons 1-7 are available to stream on Netflix.