Liverpool’s Champions League semi-final second leg clash against Villarreal was hit by dreadful weather ahead of kick-off on Tuesday as a downpour of rain resulted in a yellow weather warning. And as the referee tested the surface of the pitch before the match, the ball didn’t bounce, according to journalists at the ground.  Liverpool arrived in Spain with a 2-0 aggregate advantage after getting the better of Unai Emery’s men at Anfield last week. But rain pelted the Estadio de la Ceramica pitch as storm warnings were announced by the Spanish government. According to ESPN, the officials were happy with the pitch ahead of the encounter. But the ball was behaving rather differently to how it usually would on a dry surface. There were question marks over whether the game would go ahead as the heavens opened earlier in the day. And a video posted by talkSPORT journalist Declan McCarthy even showed rain leaking through the roof of the stadium, which soaked the concourse of the media area. But Liverpool will be desperate to complete the job they started on Merseyside in the first leg. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte a big fan of Tomas Soucek as West Ham reveal star's price tag   Liverpool are on course to land a historic quadruple after beating Chelsea to lift the Carabao Cup in February and booking their place in the FA Cup final, where they will once again meet the Blues. The Reds kept their Premier League title hopes alive at the weekend as they beat Newcastle at St James’ Park. And they are just one point behind leaders Manchester City in the table with four games remaining. Jurgen Klopp’s side reached the Champions League semi-final after winning their group and dispatching Inter Milan in the round of 16, before seeing off Benfica in the quarter-finals. Last Wednesday, they barely got out of second gear as they gained the upper hand against Villarreal on home soil. Unai Emery’s side frustrated the Merseysiders for large spells of the game as they went in level at the interval. But the Reds eventually opened the scoring in the 53rd minute as Pervis Estupinan turned the ball into his own net. Sadio Mane then added a second goal two minutes later. MORE NEWSLiverpool's board agree on selling Thiago with two factors at playMan Utd 'offer' to Ousmane Dembele emerges and Barcelona must act fastArsenal clearout set to begin as Arteta 'accelerates' £12.6m exit    And ahead of the return leg, Klopp insisted the tie was far from over. “It's only half-time,” the German said on Monday. “We have to go there and try to win, knowing they [Villarreal] will go with all they have. “It's a semi-final - it should be tough. We never expected it to be easy. But we played a good game at home and we need to play a good one away as well. You never know if we'll get another chance in a semi-final. We have an exceptional team but you need luck, so you had better treat it carefully and we will. If Villarreal beats us with a result, congratulations and that's it.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here