Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has hit out at the board for failing to sign a striker after Mason Greenwood’s arrest and Anthony Martial’s departure in January. The Red Devils have relied on the goals of Cristiano Ronaldo to see them through until the summer. But their interim manager has now revealed he wanted the club to act to ease the burden on the veteran. Greenwood was arrested in January and the police investigation remains ongoing. The board also allowed Martial to leave for Sevilla, having blown hot and cold during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s reign. And Rangnick, speaking ahead of Saturday’s Premier League showdown with Brighton, has now criticised the board for their failure to act. Luis Diaz, Julian Alvarez and Dusan Vlahovic were three players he was eyeing. He said: “We lost three strikers, long-term (including Edinson Cavani, who was injured at the time). “We should have tried to sign a player in the 48 hours we had, since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony had already left on loan. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “We were also aware Edinson might not be available for eight out of 10 games, but we didn’t do it. “There were a few. “Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, and Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “The answer was 'no' and that was it. “I spoke to the board and told them 'shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal'. “In the end the answer was 'no'. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “Maybe we should have at least discussed it internally, because it might be necessary and important. “It would have been short notice anyway but still, 48 hours is 48 hours. “It might have been at least worth a try. But we didn’t and it wasn't done.” Diaz ended up at Liverpool, where he’s since propelled the Reds to the Champions League final. Vlahovic ended up leaving Fiorentina for Juventus, though he’s scored just six goals since. And Alvarez has agreed to join Manchester City from River Plate at the end of the campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, the United hierarchy felt they did not have the time to sign a new forward and they were also unsure how a new signing would suit their next manager. They felt Rangnick had enough options to play through the middle, especially with Lingard remaining at the club. Now, this summer, United intend to land a new marksman. Darwin Nunez, Sebastien Haller and Lautaro Martinez have been linked amid their fine form for Benfica, Ajax and Inter Milan respectively. But who they end up going for remains to be seen. Meanwhile, Rangnick has also hit back at Jesse Lingard’s brother and explained why the England international was overlooked for Monday’s win over Brentford. “To start with, in the last couple of weeks under my tenure, Jesse has played far more games than he used to,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Secondly, on game day against Chelsea, he asked me to release him from the game and training the following day for personal family reasons. “With only three subs against Brentford, I had to make a decision between Edinson Cavani and Jesse, or the young Alejandro Garnahco, who I would have loved to have brought on and given a chance to play. “I took the decision to bring on Edinson. “Had I not brought on him, someone might have asked if it was classless not to bring on Cavani or Garnahco. “After two subs, you have to make a decision, and this will not be to the liking of everybody, but this is part of the game.”