Making home improvements can at first sound very costly, especially in the midst of the cost of living crisis, fuelled by material shortages and soaring energy costs. Many opt for hiring a professional to carry out renovation jobs, however, this can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Instead Sinead Trainor, Kitchen Category Manager, LochAnna Kitchens reveals her top three tips on how you can achieve your dream kitchen on a budget. With people more money conscious than ever before, it is important to make sure you get the most for your budget and know you are stretching it as far as you possibly can. This can be done in a number of ways including opting for less expensive materials, choosing furniture that doubles up in function and finding a kitchen company that can offer different options to suit your budget. One of the tips Sinead shared was to choose an “affordable” splashback to “add interest”. She said: “An easy and extremely affordable way to upgrade your kitchen is by adding interesting and eye-catching splashbacks to your kitchen. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Most efficient way’ to save money in the kitchen “Updating a splashback is a great way to update the kitchen with minimal spending. “Our EcoStone Splashbacks are an extremely affordable and eco-friendly engineered stone made from 93 percent clean quarry stone waste - a commercial by-product of crushing stone for use in building and infrastructure projects. “Hand made into a thin stone slab, they are decorated and finished with either a matt or gloss lacquer to create their unique design.” Homeowners can also opt for a coloured tile splashback to make a brilliant focal point in the kitchen. Whether it’s a brick effect or city scene, you could make your bathroom or kitchen feel like you’re in a whole different space. DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Rules’ to follow when planting bulbs for better results [TIPS]‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds with natural methods [INSIGHT] Choosing furniture that doubles up in its functions is also a great way to stick to a budget. To make sure that your money is stretched as far as possible, homeowners should consider investing in kitchen furniture and appliances that double up in their functions, says interior pro. Sinead said: “For example, an island or breakfast bar can work as both a storage area and a place for dining. “While from first glance an iconic design element has been created for the home, the cupboards that fit beneath the island are also a useful place to keep pots, pans, or food. “Larger islands or breakfast bars also mean that a hob or sink can be fitted in as well, again utilising every inch of surface space.” For those who favour timber features in the kitchen, it is “more beneficial” to choose a timber effect over real timber. According to the expert, one of the “main benefits” of choosing timber effect over real timber is for its “reliability and durability”. Sinead explained: “As timber effect worktops are created from manmade materials, they need very little maintenance. “To clean, they should be simply wiped with a damp sponge and mild detergent, then dried with a soft, clean cloth. “Real wood worktops on the other hand need the arduous task of regular oiling every few months in order to avoid the wood drying out and splitting. “ The large savings to be made with timber effects are also a big pull factor when considering making the switch. The expert continued: “A timber effect door or worktop can save you up to approximately 20 to 30 percent on your kitchen bill, yet you won’t miss out on design and quality. “Look out for LochAnna’s renowned Grained Collection of nine authentic woodgrain effect colours or Solutions worktops that come with a horizontal front grain and vertical end grain to simulate real wood. “It is these small but very effective details which give our kitchens their rich authenticity, and at a reasonable price too.”