After six seasons of the heartwarming and emotional NBC series, This Is Us fans were not ready to say goodbye as the show premiered its finale. With Rebecca Pearson’s (Mandy Moore) death at the forefront of the episode, viewers took to social media to express their heartbreak.  As the series approached its closing episode, fans were bracing themselves for the death of the show’s matriarch Rebecca, who had been living with Alzheimer’s. In the penultimate episode, viewers were taken on a train ride as her subconscious travelled through her life. The journey reflected on people she had met throughout her life, she also got to see her adult children as young kids once again. This was until her last breath in the physical, which was connected with her subconscious reuniting with her dead husband, Jack (Milo Ventimiglia). READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate This finale titled ‘Us,’ gave fans an insight into her children’s teenage years with flashbacks and highlighted that it was the little memories Rebecca was more afraid of losing. The episode also depicted her funeral as her children Kevin (Jason Hartley), Kate (Chrissy Metz) and Randall (Sterling K Brown) look ahead to a future without their mother. Viewers also got to see more of Rebecca and Jack's posthumous reunion where she expressed her worry and fear about leaving the children. Jack then reassured her and disclosed she would still be there for every important moment.  Fans were left in puddles of tears as they watched the finale and took to Twitter to share their sadness about the show ending. An emotional @rogcar99 shared: “Finished this show the same way it began…in tears. What a beautiful show.” @iamcharlieg stated: “I’m really crying yall. This is not an exaggeration, I need to be held.” While @QueenFancyy sang the show’s praises: “Don’t think I’ve ever seen a better-written show, from start to finish. Every single season.” DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Alexandra Breckenridge opens up on This Is Us [INSIGHT]This Is Us' Milo Ventimiglia lands new role away from NBC drama [INSIGHT]   @CashmereTrey tweeted: “This Is Us makes me think about the small things in life and helps me realize that it’s the small things in life that matter the most.” They then added: “I hate that this show is coming to an end.” Another fan @Sally_Shivar disclosed: “If we could count the tears that were shed tonight watching [This Is Us] it could possibly fill an ocean!” While @@restlessinvb joked “Can someone let me know where the support group for those of us emotionally wrecked by the This Is Us finale are meeting?”  Despite the success and loyal following of the show, it was announced season six would be the final instalment back in May 2021. While this came as a shock to fans, it turned out that had been the plan for a while. After the season three finale in 2019, creator and executive producer Dan Fogelman revealed: "I think we’re roughly in the middle of where the television series is going to go. “We never set out to make a television series that was going to last 18 seasons, and so we have a very direct plan.” He concluded: “I think where you find the characters right now, you’re in the middle of their story. If you were in the movie theatre, you’d be at the moment where you’re about an hour into the movie wondering what’s going to happen.” This Is Us is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 