Real Madrid have wrapped up the signing of Kylian Mbappe, according to reports. Florentino Perez has long been determined to land the Paris Saint-Germain star, having admired him for a number of years. And, now, a move to the Bernabeu looms. Real Madrid have won La Liga this season and could yet claim Champions League glory if they’re able to beat Liverpool at the end of the month. But, not content with their stunning season, Perez is hoping to add Mbappe to their star-studded squad this summer. The striker himself confirmed over the weekend that an announcement on his future would be made in due course and, now, Marca have claimed a deal for the striker is done. Mbappe has agreed a five-year contract with the La Liga titans and will move when his PSG contract expires at the end of the season. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at the potential shirt numbers the striker can wear in Spain. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The No 5 shirt is special at Real given it was worn by Zinedine Zidane during his playing days. It was rumoured a year ago that Mbappe had set his sights on the jersey despite it being rather unorthodox for an attacking player. Currently worn by Jesus Vallejo, who has impressed, it’ll be interesting to see the Spain international is willing to give it up if Mbappe wants it. Real have been brutal with shirt numbers in the past - just like when they stripped Gareth Bale of the No 11 shirt following his loan at Tottenham. These days, the No 7 shirt is occupied by Eden Hazard. But with the Belgium international struggling and Mbappe long idolising Cristiano Ronaldo, it’s not a stretch to see the France international taking it on. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Isco wears the No 22 at Madrid and has done ever since his arrival from Malaga back in 2015. But the Spain playmaker is expected to leave this summer having failed to kick on during his time at the Bernabeu. If it becomes vacant, it would be another option for Mbappe given how the majority of the best numbers are already filled. Juanmi Latasa wore the No 29 shirt when he made his debut earlier in the campaign. Yet it could end up being given to Mbappe instead. And that’s because the striker previously donned the jersey when he burst onto the scene at Monaco and propelled them to Ligue 1 glory in 2017 at PSG’s expense. Mbappe’s imminent move to Madrid is likely to trigger the departure of Mariano Diaz. The striker certainly has his uses but, unfortunately for him, will never be the talisman of this team. Therefore, it’s an option for Mbappe as his move to the Bernabeu edges closer. Also earlier in his career, Mbappe wore the No 39 when he first debuted for Monaco. It’s not exactly a special number but strikers do like to play with the number nine in their jersey somewhere. Therefore, Mbappe could go back to his roots by choosing to take it on. It appears that Real will finally land their man in Mbappe, with their patient approach set to pay off. The club’s general director, Jose Angel Sanchez, was apparently the one who negotiated his move to Spain. Mbappe is now primed to leave PSG behind after five impressive years on their books. He’s won four Ligue 1 titles during that time and scored 168 goals across all competitions. Mbappe has, however, failed to win the Champions League and that’s something he’ll be hopeful of changing when he touches down in La Liga this summer.