Gogglebox took home the gong for Best Reality and Constructed Factual at Sunday evening's BAFTA TV Awards. The Channel 4 series beat off competition from The Dog House, Married at First Sight and RuPaul's Drag Race UK. As the cast thanked viewers for their support and the award, BBC viewers were fuming many in the audience did not clap for them. Fan favourite Lee Riley stepped up to the microphone and told the audience: "Wow, wow, wow. "Who would have thought it, people watching TV, people watching them watching TV and a duck called Larry - thank you Larry! "We would like to thank Channel Four as usual, thank you so much and of course Studio Lambert production team and the crews who go up and down the country every week to film us and make us look better than what we are, so thank you." A Gogglebox boss then stepped forward and made a dig at the government, commenting: "Gogglebox might have ended when it started nine years ago because it got quite a modest audience. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah "But a publicly owned, risk-taking Channel Four believed in it and stuck with it." While this comment received a cheer from the audience, when the cast had taken to the stage initially, fans hit out at those who didn't clap. @bethanlooms posted on Twitter: "The audience seem quite snobby not wanting to clap for Gogglebox winning at the #Baftas LOL." "Snobs not clapping for gogglebox," @LadyFerny commented. @JuliSavage666 shared: "Duck mention, down like a lead balloon." And viewer Lisa remarked: "#BAFTAS that went down like a lead balloon ... And they walked off quickly... Hmmmm." Speaking to press including Express.co.uk after receiving their award, the Gogglebox cast said it was "unbelievable" to win. Marcus stated: "Literally you can walk down your stairs right and start getting paid for watching TV. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox viewers 'shocked' by Mary and Giles as they defend PM [LATEST]Rev Kate Bottley health: Star's 'unusual' C-section scar 'twinges' [INSIGHT]Gogglebox star Marcus Luther's famous son's identity exposed [UPDATE] "What job is better than that? You ain’t got to learn no lines and you can cuss and swear." Lee added they all support each other on social media but it's hard to meet up. "We live across the country, it’s hard to see each other," he explained. "People have different jobs as well as filming, we’re not just around the corner." And, when asked if they'd ever consider other ventures, Marcus stated he is focussed on helping his local community. "Money changes everything but for me, I run a boxing gym and my passion is helping children in the community with knife crime and gun crime," he said. "I’m in a rough area so anything that involves that is always going to be my real passion, saving the young people and giving them a safe place to live in. "Gogglebox has helped because they can see someone like them who is from the hood who can make it to that’s the most important thing about this." BAFTA TV Awards are available to stream on BBC iPlayer now. And, when asked if they'd ever consider other ventures, Marcus stated he is focussed on helping his local community. "Money changes everything but for me, I run a boxing gym and my passion is helping children in the community with knife crime and gun crime," he said. "I’m in a rough area so anything that involves that is always going to be my real passion, saving the young people and giving them a safe place to live in. "Gogglebox has helped because they can see someone like them who is from the hood who can make it to that’s the most important thing about this." BAFTA TV Awards are available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.