Daffodils are a reliable addition to the garden, offering the promise of flowers which return year after year. However, in order to give them the best chance of blooming again, gardeners need to make sure they are looking after them correctly. Not only does this mean caring for plants while they flower, it also means looking after them once they have died off. Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at MyJobQuote explained exclusively to Express.co.uk on how to improve the health of daffodils. She said: “You can help daffodils grow by returning energy to the bulbs and continuing to nourish the plants as they fade, either with fortnightly watering with liquid tomato fertiliser or the application of a general granular feed when you do your deadheading. “This will also help the bulbs to bulk up and mature. “Allow the leaves to remain upright and unfurled after the plant has finished blooming, as this is when the plants use photosynthesis to create and store food for the following spring blooms. “Allow the foliage to die naturally before you prune it.” READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering Fiona urged gardeners to leave the foliage alone to die naturally before pruning and deadheading. This usually takes around six weeks for the plant to completely die off. The expert suggested a nifty trick for making the plant look somewhat appealing as they die off. Fiona said: “Plants may look untidy as they wither away, but you can disguise them by planting evergreen perennials and later-flowering bulbs around them.” She also shared how to give daffodils “critical” care to ensure they “grow well the following year”. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Highly effective’ method to get rid of moths in homes [COMMENT]Gardeners warned to avoid planting tenders until the end of May [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [TIPS] The expert said: “It’s critical to give your daffodils post-flowering care right by deadheading them because it will affect how well they grow the following year. “There is no need to remove the entire stem at the base. “Instead, remove the dead flower and the top inch or so of the stalk, allowing the rest to photosynthesise and feed the rest of the plant as it dies back. “Deadheading daffodils prevents the plant from wasting energy by producing seed heads rather than returning them to the bulbs in preparation for next year’s blooms. “Daffodils should be deadheaded when the flowers fade, lose their colour, and become brown and crinkly. “Remove the dead flower, the seedpod beneath and around an inch of the stem.” If daffodils grow in full sun and are allowed to die naturally during spring but aren’t blooming when they should, gardeners need to divide them in the autumn, according to Fiona. She said: “Place a golf tee next to each spring clump that needs to be divided to make it easier to find them once they’ve died. “Each clump should be dug up and the bulbs separated. “Replant the largest bulbs at a distance of at least two bulb-widths apart. Prepare the soil as if you were going to plant new bulbs.” Daffodils should be planted in a sunny location that receives at least six hours of direct sunlight. Plants grown in partial shade will still produce green leaves but will not bloom. They are best planted in autumn, so the soil should have cooled, but it should still be workable when you plant. Fiona also shared how to prepare soil for daffodil planting. She said: “Prepare new planting areas by mixing three inches of flower soil into the top six to eight inches of the existing soil. This will provide the nutrition that bulbs require to grow. “Daffodils can be planted in rows or individually. It’s easier to plant many bulbs in a row along the edge of a flower bed if you dig a trench or a wide hole. “However, if you’re going to plant groups in a flowerbed or on the lawn, you should do so individually. “Plant each daffodil bulb with the pointy end, or tip, up. Dig the hole or trench so that the tip of the bulb is two inches deeper than the bulb’s height when it’s placed inside. “Water thoroughly after planting, then cover the soil with a layer of mulch for a neat appearance and to help the soil retain moisture for a more extended period.”