One of Netflix’s most popular original dramas is finally returning to screens this week, and the jaw-dropping new trailers have already teed up plenty of twists and turns. Although the streamer has thankfully confirmed Stranger Things won’t conclude until the fifth season, another battle in Hawkins could mean the end of one or more key characters. Will Byers star Noah Schnapp has revealed he and the cast expect at least one of them to be killed off before Stranger Things season four ends. After a wait of nearly three years, the first seven of nine episodes drop this Friday. Fans then just have a couple of months to wait before the latest outing concludes with a staggering two-part event in July. Ahead of Stranger Things’ long-awaited return, series regulars Noah and Millie Bobby Brown have opened up on how he expects the dark science fiction tale to end for the residents of Hawkins. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate “We're all afraid of one of us dying,” Millie admitted. To which her co-star confirmed: “One of us will die.” Noah seemed certain at least one of the core gang will bite the dust before their quest to save their town is over. Could he be alluding to a tragic fate for his character Will after he was already stolen by the Upside Down in the first season? In an interview with The Wrap, Millie pondered: “I know, it's just which one?” “They need to kill off some people. It's so big,” Noah added about the show’s main cast. The series has grown exponentially since it began in 2016, and several more newcomers will be added to the mix for season four. After introducing the likes of Sadie Sink and Maya Hawke in seasons two and three, even more characters will join the cast when the Hellfire Club comes to Hawkins in a few days. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Patrick Fabian on ‘emotional’ Howard exit [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star recalls bizarre advice from Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] Newcomers this time round include Jamie Campbell Bower and Joseph Quinn, as well as A Nightmare on Elm Street legend Robert Englund as a mysterious recluse known as Victor Creel. Now one of the biggest shows of the streaming world, fans worldwide are waiting on tenterhooks to find out which of their favourites will make it out of the next nine episodes alive. “We need to have one massacre scene where half the cast dies,” Noah joked. While viewers aren’t exactly expecting a Red Wedding-style cull of main characters, the first volume of season four will, in fact, conclude with an episode titled The Massacre at Hawkins Lab. However, Millie assured fans series creators The Duffer Brothers don’t have the same dark streak which made watching Game of Thrones such a minefield. “We need to be Game of Thrones. We need to have the mindset of Game of Thrones,” she suggested. “They tried killing David [Harbour] off and they brought him back. It’s ridiculous!” David’s character Jim Hopper will still be held up in a Russian Prison, but hopefully he can reunite with Joyce (Winona Ryder) and the kids in time to save their town from destruction. Stranger Things season 4, volume 1 will be released Friday, May 27 on Netflix.