Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their first child, son Archie in 2019 and two years later, their daughter Lilibet was born. Since their births, both children have rarely been seen and this has led to royal fans, particularly fans in the US, feeling puzzled as to why the couple choose to hide their children from the public eye. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, host Christina Garibaldi said: "They're [Harry and Meghan] very protective of their children, which I totally understand, but if you are gonna give us some of that, shouldn't you give us a little bit of that". PR expert Lida Citreon said: "That's where it kind of goes to, you know, you don't get to open the box just a little bit". Ms Citreon added: "That's a really tricky one, it's tricky for business people, it's tricky for celebrities, because authenticity doesn't mean the same thing as transparency. "When you give an answer to be authentic means you are being genuine, you're giving the truth, you're speaking from the heart, doesn't mean I have to tell you everything about me, but keeping your children, something we attach to part of your identity, private feels odd. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'All feel lonely' William and Kate open up as Meghan speaks out "It feels odd in this country [the US] when our kids are all over social media, in the most part. "I fully support them choosing boundaries and setting up guard rails so that there are certain topics, like we don't need to know about their love life, but we'd love to see their kids. "We'd love to see them as a family". Ms Citreon continued: "I think that could go a lot to endear us, I understand there's a lot of risk to that, there's a lot of risk being very well-known too". READ MORE: Queen 'beams with happiness' in pearl earrings and crystal blue dress at horse show finale For Archie's first birthday in May 2020, Meghan and Harry publicly released a video filmed for the Save The Children's initiative Save With Stories. In the sweet clip, Archie sat on Meghan's lap and listened attentively as she read to him the children's book 'Duck! Rabbit!'. Their daughter, Lilibet, also known as Lili, was born in June 2021. She is due to celebrate her first birthday in a few weeks. 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] The Sussexes released a picture, including both of their children, last December as their Christmas card. In the adorable snap, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are sitting down and are looking at their daughter, who is being held up by Meghan. In the festive picture, Archie is sitting on his father's knee.