NCIS season 19 will be one to remember as it marked the start of a new era that doesn't include the likes of Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon). With the series finale approaching, viewers are turning their attention to the future of the CBS drama. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on the future of NCIS. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS has been alive and kicking for more than two decades and shows no signs of slowing down any time soon. Concerns did arise when Agent Gibbs decided to leave his old life behind in favour of a more peaceful one in Alaska earlier on in season 19. But it seems as if fans are still smitten with the CBS drama and the new agents Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Alden Parker (Gary Cole). In terms of figures, the show is currently averaging more than 11.2million total viewers. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain Bearing this in mind, NCIS has been given the green light for season 20 to go ahead. An official release date hasn't yet been announced but most likely, the police procedural will be returning sometime later this year for the new episodes. This isn't the only good news either for super fans of the franchise. Along with the NCIS mothership renewal, the network has confirmed NCIS Los Angeles will be back for season 14 and NCIS Hawaii for a second outing. CBS Entertainment President Kelly Kahl said: “NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan-favourite NCIS: Los Angeles have been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years. "With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawai’i, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. "We couldn’t be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the U.S. and around the globe.” Before series 19 is over, viewers are hoping romance will be in the air for two characters in particular. DON'T MISS...What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [EXPLAINER]Katrina Law children: Who are the NCIS Jessica Knight star's children? [CAST]NCIS Hawaii finale theory: Jesse death 'sealed' after explosive clue [THEORY] Since actress Law joined NCIS for season 18, there has been a clear connection between her character Jessica and chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen). She shyly asked if he would accompany her to a family wedding earlier on in the season and there's been talk of going on a proper date ever since. Typically, work has always gotten in the way of them actually taking this next step. But given there is just one more episode to go, viewers are hoping the series will be rounded off nicely with their blossoming romance. NCIS' season 19 finale will be shown on Monday, May 23, on CBS. The instalment is going to be entitled Birds of a Feather and will see newcomer Parker's life turned upside down. The description reads: "When Parker is framed for murder, the team puts their jobs and lives on the line in order to buy time and uncover the truth." NCIS season 19 concludes on Monday, May 23, on CBS in America. The series continues every Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.