WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD. Major Avengers in the MCU tend to get a solo trilogy, so surely Doctor Strange 3 will be in the works at Marvel. Although considering the six-year gap between the first two, a threequel could be quite a way away. In the meantime, here are some possibilities of what to expect. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ mid-credits scene introduced Charlize Theron as Clea. In Marvel Comics, she is a sorceress who was born in the Dark Dimension and is also the sister of Dormammu, the entity Stephen defeated in his first solo movie. More interestingly, she also ends up being not just a disciple of Doctor Strange but his lover. Having missed out on settling down with Christine and even her Earth-838 variant, perhaps he’ll find romance with Clea in Doctor Strange 3. The mid-credits scene saw Clea announcing to Doctor Strange that he had caused an incursion that they needed to team up to fix before they both jumped through a portal into what looks like the Dark Dimension. Let’s not forget that having used the Darkhold, Stephen now has the ability to open a third eye on his forehead. Sinister Strange could do this too since he was corrupted by the Book of the Damned when using it, so could this happen to Earth-616’s Avenger too? Possibly, although Scarlet Witch did destroy every copy across the multiverse, so maybe he’s in control of this new power. In terms of a villain in Doctor Strange 3, there are a number of possibilities. One of them is Earth-616’s Baron Mordo who didn’t feature in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness; that was his variant from Earth-838. Another option would be Nightmare, a villain who influences human dreams, rules the Dream Dimension and rides a horse called Dreamstalker. Then there’s Mephisto, Marvel’s take on the devil who’s an extra-dimensional demon. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness: How scary is MCU horror? [SCARY]Tom Hardy’s Venom 3 announced by Sony PLUS Ghostbusters 5 and more [VENOM 3]Thor Love and Thunder Easter Egg spotted in Spider-Man No Way Home [THOR 4] So there are plenty of options for Doctor Strange 3. Although knowing his character, he’ll probably show up in some other movies beforehand. In the meantime, Cumberbatch said at the premiere of his new movie that he’s going to be taking a break from acting for a while, so don’t expect a threequel anytime soon. Next up in the MCU will be Thor: Love and Thunder, which lands in cinemas on July 8. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is out now in UK cinemas.