The average price of charging an electric car on a pay-as-you-go, non-subscription basis at a publicly accessible rapid charger in Great Britain has increased by 21 percent to 44.55p per kilowatt hour (kWh). The data has been analysed by the RAC’s new Charge Watch initiative which will track the price of average EV charging, similar to its Fuel Watch tool. The 7.81p per kWh increase, from 36.74p at the end of last summer, means that the average cost to complete an 80 percent rapid charge of a typical family-sized electric car with a 64kWh battery has increased by £4 over this period, from £18.81 to £22.81 now In stark contrast, the cost of filling a 55-litre family car from empty to 80 percent has increased by a huge £14.54 since last September, from £59.67 to £74.21. The RAC’s analysis shows that it now costs on average 10p per mile to charge at a rapid charger, up from 8p per mile last September. This is nearly half the cost per mile compared to filling a petrol-powered family car, the cost of which has risen from 15p per mile since the end of last September to a staggering 19p per mile now. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park The cost per mile for a similarly sized diesel-powered car is even higher at nearly 21p. RAC electric vehicle spokesperson Simon Williams said: “Just as the price that drivers of petrol and diesel cars pay to fill up at the pumps is driven by fluctuations in the world oil price, those in electric cars are affected by gas and electricity prices. “But while electric car drivers may not be immune from the rocketing price of wholesale energy – most notably gas, which in turn dictates the cost of electricity – there’s no doubting that charging an EV still represents excellent value for money compared to filling up a petrol or diesel car. “Unsurprisingly, our analysis shows that the quickest places to charge are also the most expensive with ultra-rapid chargers costing on average 14 percent more to use than rapid chargers. DON'T MISSAll homes and workplaces will need smart electric car chargers in June [URGENT]Only 5 percent of buyers would now consider a diesel car [SHOCKING]New driving law could lead to 'sinister implications' for car tax [WARNING] “For drivers in a hurry though, or travelling a long distance, paying this premium might well be worth it with the very fastest chargers capable of almost completely replenishing an electric car’s battery in a matter of minutes. “Having said that, the most affordable way of charging an electric car isn’t at a public charger – it’s from home, where overnight electricity rates can be much lower than their public charger counterparts.” Even the quickest ultra-rapid chargers, which have a power output of 100kW-plus and can deliver a charge in as little as 20 minutes, have seen prices increase. The cost rise has increased by a greater margin of 16.76p per kWh, from 34.21p per kWh in September to 50.97p in May. This means the cost to charge a vehicle to 80 percent has risen from £17.51 to £26.10. Ofgem figures show that the wholesale cost of gas doubled between the end of September 2021 and the end of March this year, with wholesale electricity prices rising by around 65 percent over the same period. The RAC, in association with the national FairCharge campaign, are calling on the Government to lower VAT rates on electricity for public EV chargers. Both organisations say that drivers who cannot charge at home are being penalised by having to pay a higher rate of VAT on electricity than those who can charge at their house. The FairCharge campaign is therefore calling for the 20 percent VAT rate currently charged on electricity at public chargers to be cut to match the five percent levied on domestic electricity, thus making it an easier decision for those who cannot charge at home to switch to an electric car. Doing so would see the cost of charging up at a rapid charger cut by 5.57p per kWh, and at an ultra-rapid charger by 6.37p. This would reduce the cost of an 80 percent charge by £2.85 and £3.26 on average at rapid and ultra-rapid chargers, respectively. Quentin Willson, founder of the FairCharge campaign, said: “Keeping a watch on charging prices is essential to make sure the electricity for charging up EVs never gets close to the cost of filling up with diesel. “EV drivers need free to access data on charging prices across the country. “And charging operators need to know that everybody is watching.” Commenting on the new initiative, Simon Williams said: “We’re excited to launch RAC Charge Watch to give greater clarity to drivers about what they can expect to pay to charge on public networks. “The initiative complements our established RAC Fuel Watch price monitor and is a further example of how we’re going the extra mile to support drivers in the switch to cleaner, greener driving.”