Jeremy Clarkson, 62, commented on Kim’s Met Gala look in his latest column after the Kardashian sister caused a stir when she wore the dress Marilyn Monroe famously wore to sing Happy Birthday to President John F. Kennedy in May 1962. Kim attended the event with her boyfriend Pete Davidson as they made their Met Gala debut as a couple. The 41-year-old also dyed her brunette locks platinum blonde for the occasion. Jeremy said in his column, last week: “A woman called Kim Kardashian turned up at a ridiculous party for idiots in New York this week wearing a dress that had once belonged to Marilyn Monroe.” He added: “Fine. If that’s what turns her on.” Jeremy commented on the impracticality of the dress, saying: “But it was so tight that she simply couldn’t walk up the stairs. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care “So now she knows how the Daleks feel,” he told The Sun. Elsewhere, Jeremy has spoken out about how he is finding it “hard to stay well”. The former Top Gear host explained that his health issues began last month when he felt unwell with “all the Covid symptoms”. He tested negative for Covid three times, but Jeremy’s symptoms continued for a further 10 days. A further test came back positive, confirming that Jeremy had caught Covid for a second time. The star said catching the virus for a second time felt “worse” than the first. Jeremy explained: “For me, Covid was worse the second time around and the effects are lasting longer. “Nine days after a negative test, I am short of breath when I do up my shoelaces and exhausted after climbing a flight of stairs. DON'T MISS: Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [UPDATE]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [LATEST]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [NEWS] "Walking the dogs is a real struggle." In his column, he said: "God, staying well is complicated these days, it’s one thing on top of another." The Clarkson’s Farm star revealed he had started working out at the gym and walking every day in a bid to lose weight, which his doctor had recommended. Jeremy even hired a gym instructor to help him out, but the workouts were too intense. He described the workouts as having left him feeling like his heart might “burst out of [his] ribcage”.