During a surprise visit to the UK last month, Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle, travelled to Windsor where they were reunited with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and later, the Queen. Their trip marked the couple’s first joint visit to Europe since their shock exit from the Royal Family two years ago. While Meghan had not returned to the UK at all, Harry had only come back twice — once for the funeral of his grandfather, Prince Philip, and second for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. The Duke of Sussex united with his older brother, Prince William, for the ceremony in Kensington Palace's redesigned Sunken Garden, on what would have been their mother's 60th birthday. It is understood to be the last time the brothers saw each other in person, as William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were on a family ski trip in France at the time of the Sussexes’ recent visit. Their relationship has reportedly been strained for years, exacerbated by Harry’s exit from the Firm and his and Meghan’s subsequent interview with Oprah Winfrey. The princes previously shared a close brotherly bond, a relationship that one royal expert claims was influenced by their mother. READ MORE: Harry & Meghan in BIG trouble, says CAROLE MALONE Founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, Kinsey Schofield, told Express.co.uk that Diana brought up Harry to be William’s “right arm”. She said: “Diana never wanted him [Prince Harry] to be considered the spare. “She hated that term. She hated the idea. “So Diana ingrained in Prince Harry that he was Prince William’s support system, that he was his right arm.” The brothers’ relationship seemed to publicly break down after the introduction of Harry’s future wife, Meghan Markle, in 2016. Reports suggest that William warned his younger brother about the pace of his relationship with the now-Duchess. Soon after Harry and Meghan married in May 2018, conflicting stories emerged surrounding a tearful confrontation between the two Duchesses during the wedding preparations. Royal insiders have said that the princes stood by their wives amid such tensions. Less than two years later, Meghan and Harry stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm and sought a life outside of royal protocol. In March 2021, the Sussexes sat down for their now-infamous interview with Oprah, during which the Duke said his brother and father were “trapped” in the monarchy. The couple claimed that they had left due to a “lack of support and understanding”. Their bombshell claims exposed a widening rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family, particularly within Harry’s relationships with his brother and father. Ms Schofield, author of an upcoming book about the Princess of Wales, entitled ‘R is for Revenge Dress’, told Express.co.uk that Diana would be “devastated” by the status of her sons’ relationship. She said: “I think Diana would be absolutely heartbroken by the status of Prince William and Prince Harry’s relationship or lack thereof. “I think she would be devastated and I think that she would be irate over the fact that it has gotten this bad.” In a recent interview with NBC’S Hoda Kotb, Harry stressed the importance of his mother’s influence on his current life. When asked whether he feels his mother’s presence, he said: “Yeah, no, for me it is constant. It has been over the last two years. More so than ever before. “And it is almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much, like, helping me. Got him set up. And now she's helping me set up. That's what it feels like, you know?” He added: “He's got his kids. I've got my kids, you know the circumstances are obviously different. “But now, I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before. “Without question. So she's watching over us.” Rebecca English, royal editor at the Daily Mail, has said that William is likely to have found some of his younger brother's recent comments about their late mother "hurtful”. Ms English told MailPlus' Palace Confidential podcast last week: "What William will find particularly hurtful is the comments Harry made about their late mother Diana.  "Harry commented about how he feels Diana has done her bit for William in looking after him and his children. "And now it's time she is focused on him, which is quite a peculiar thing to say. I think it shows Harry's general level of resentment against his brother. "From William's point of view, in the past, he has made it clear that he finds this kind of attempt of ownership of his late mother quite crass. I suspect he will find those particular comments by Harry quite hurtful." The next time the brothers may reunite is the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Harry and Meghan have reportedly been invited to join the Royal Family in non-formal roles, while William and Kate are expected to be central figures during the events over the extended weekend.