Former Chelsea player Pat Nevin has explained where he thinks Liverpool have the edge in a potential “classic” FA Cup final with the Blues. The two sides have already met three times this season, including once in the League Cup final where Liverpool won on penalties, and Nevin is expecting an exciting game once again. Speaking to Sky Sports, Nevin said: “Every game has been absolutely quality this season between the two teams. I have been at them all and even right back to the first one, the sending off has changed the game. “Tactically it was fantastic between Klopp and Tuchel, as it has gone on I thought the 2-2 game was a cracker as well. There was a great narrative about it with Chelsea coming back from the two goals down, but there was a fearlessness about both teams. “Then you got to the Carabao Cup final, that is one of the best 0-0s I have ever seen in my entire life, I thought it was absolutely fantastic. Then it goes all the way to the penalties, but the quality that was on show that day was different class. “That’s the great thing about it. Incredible quality players, but two teams that want to attack. Chelsea might not be as fluid and maybe not as exciting all the time as Liverpool, but they attack and they are an attack-minded side. That is why it has got the chance to become an absolute classic cup final.” Chelsea and Liverpool have met three times this season and all three have resulted in a draw in regulation time, with the Reds winning the League Cup final on penalties. In August, ten-men Chelsea held on to claim a point at Anfield. Kai Havertz gave Tuchel’s side the lead in the 22nd minute with a glancing header past Alisson. Liverpool were awarded a penalty on the stroke of halftime when Reece James blocked Sadio Mane’s shot with his hand. Mohamed Salah tucked away the resulting spot kick, as James was also shown a red card but the ten men dug deep to come away with a point. Chelsea were also resilient in the two sides’ next meeting in January, coming back from a two-goal deficit to draw 2-2. In a game where all four goals were scored in the first half, Mane and Salah put Liverpool into a 2-0 lead after 26 minutes. Mateo Kovacic’s strike from distance and Christian Pulisic’s finish tied the game as the two teams once again could not be separated. Tuchel will be hoping Kovacic can get on the scoresheet once again against Liverpool, although he along with N’Golo Kante face a late fitness test in their bid to play. Liverpool came on top in the League Cup final, as an entertaining 120 minutes culminated in a penalty shoot-out where goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga missed the decisive spot kick.