Russian politician Alexi Zhuravlyov bragged about having enough high-quality ammunition to wipe out America. Zhuravlyov claimed that if Russia used nuclear missiles on the US, people in Mexico would be able to see the mushroom cloud in the aftermath of the detonation. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been waging a violent bloody war on neighbouring Ukraine, despite pushback from the international community of global leaders, Putin has continued to threaten NATO-aligned countries with nuclear warfare.  Zhuravlyov then bragged about it only taking two missiles to wipe out the East Coast, and Two missiles to wipe out the West Coast. He said: "I will completely tell you that to destroy the entire East Coast of the US, two Sarmat missiles are necessary. "And two missiles for the West Coast, four missiles, and there will be nothing left. "They think the mushroom will be taller than a high rise, that mushroom will be visible from Mexico, guys you're so funny. JUST IN: Dog dumped on street with bag full of toys and harrowing note from owner     "What methods are they even using? They are trying to raise the stakes. Zhuravlyov added: "Are we supposed to object to that? We shouldn't fall for it. "We're just explaining that their calculations are off. "Here is how you need to calculate, don't delude yourselves. "What should be said is that there'll be nothing left, no one harbours any illusions about it. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel     "That everyone will be fine in case of nuclear war, no one will be fine, but calculate it correctly..." Putin has been threatening to use nuclear weapons on Western-aligned NATO countries since before the war. He has also claimed that any countries he feels pose an existential threat, can expect nuclear retaliation. One of the Russian weaponry systems is called the Kinzhal, and Russian military experts have claimed missiles launched from the system could reach the UK. Eurasia analyst at intelligence firm Sibylline, Alex Lord told Express.co.uk: “The Kinzhal is a sub-strategic air-launched hypersonic weapon, which in reality is little more than a modified variant of existing Iskander ballistic missile systems. DON'T MISS: Russia takes on NATO and WIPES OUT drone amid ‘stalled’ invasion [REPORT]'You give Putin billions!' EU shamed as angry Zelensky fumes at bloc. [VIDEO]Vladimir Putin ally threatens NATO officials in Kyiv with kidnapping [REPORT]  “The missiles can allegedly reach Mach 10 and have a maximum range after launch of 2,000km. “The missiles are launched by MiG-31Ks, a number of which were notably deployed to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad before the 24 February invasion - placing them in range of the UK.  “Of all the so-called modern 'super weapons', the Kinzhal is the only one to have been used in anger during the Ukraine war, with the Russian Ministry of Defence claiming numerous strikes against static military targets in Southern and Western Ukraine. “While the Kinzhal is nuclear-capable, the missiles have so far been used as non-nuclear strike weapons in Ukraine.” 