The Transformers actress made her saucy revelation during a text message exchange between her and her wardrobe stylist Maeve Reilly, which she shared to Instagram. Megan Fox, 36, asked Maeve if the blue outfit she was wearing was "expensive", as she explained she "cut a hole in the crotch" to allow them to have sex. Maeve, who has glammed up the wardrobe of many Hollywood stars such as Hailey Bieber, quipped: "I hate you," next to three laughing face emojis, before assuring the mum-of-three that she would "fix it". Megan also shared footage showing her snapping selfies with her man as MGK wrapped his arms around her. Some shots showed her in the blue jumpsuit, while others showed her in a racy black leather minidress. During the weekend Megan was photographed with former MLB star Rodriguez and his rumoured new girlfriend Kathryn Padgett. READ MORE: Martin Lewis apologises to staff for 'losing rag' in 'emotional rant' The actress' post comes just hours after Kelly hinted they may be expecting a baby at the Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas after he dedicated his performance to their "unborn child". "I wrote this song for my wife... And this is for our unborn child," he said. One stunned audience member told E! News: “People in the audience turned to each other perplexed and said, ‘Wife?’” In the lyrics of the final song off his album Mainstream Sellout, which he released in March, the rocker confessed he thinks the actress is "too good for" him. Express.co.uk previously contacted representatives for Megan and Machine Gun Kelly for comment. While this is not the first time he has referred to Megan as his spouse, they have not previously hinted about expecting their first child together. Ahead of the show, he spoke to Entertainment Tonight about the special meaning behind the song he was planning to perform. "I wrote this song two years ago exactly today, played it for her. It's just all the trip. DONT MISS:Laurence Fox called for ‘corrupt’ BBC to be defunded (PHOTOS)Amber Heard says Johnny Depp 'threw phone at her face over poo in bed' (NEWS)Dan Walker admits he once went by secret other name ahead of BBC exit (LATEST)  "It's all meant to be," he said, adding that the timing of this weekend makes it even more fitting: "It's really cool because it's a Lunar eclipse tonight. It's a full moon. It's her birthday tomorrow." While standing by his side, Megan admitted she would probably get emotional hearing it because there's a 'really special secret meaning to the song.' "But I can't cry and f**k up this eyeliner," she joked. While MGK shares a 12-year-old daughter, Casie, with ex Emma Cannon, the Jennifer's Body actress is a mum to three sons: Journey River, five, Bodhi Ransom, eight, and Noah Shannon, nine. Her children's father and former spouse Brian Austin Green, 48, is currently expecting another baby with girlfriend Sharna Burgess, 36. Megan has not confirmed whether or not she is expecting but did not show any sign of a baby bump on the red carpet in her cleavage-baring black gown. The edgy frock had a very risque thigh slit, revealing her toned legs and trim figure. In November, a source told Life & Style that "Megan would love to have a baby with MGK" and "they’ve already discussed it". "They both want to wait a couple of years. They’re having way too much fun right now," the insider also noted. Earlier this month, reports emerged that: "A baby is 100 per cent in the plan for Megan and Colson as they've been openly talking about since they first got together. "They believe they’re destined to be together and destined to have a child together, but they’re letting it happen naturally, they’re not super focused on it," a source told Hollywood Life. Additionally, the pair are said to be planning an extravagant, gothic wedding.