Some £15billion is ‘lost’ in unclaimed benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) every year. In total there are 11 DWP benefits cash-strapped Britons may be able to claim. People who are struggling to make ends meet because of the cost of living crisis, are being reminded to check they are claiming everything they are entitled to. While most people have heard of Universal Credit, not everyone is aware they could be eligible for a top up as the earning threshold was changed in November 2021. Since then thousands more could be due a small top up even if they didn’t qualify before. And, it’s not just Universal Credit people could be missing out on - Britons could also be eligible for Pension Credit or Personal Independence Payments (PIP). READ MORE: ‘Stunning rate’: Easy access account offers 1.5% interest on savings  What are the 11 DWP benefits someone could claim? DON'T MISSNew state pension warning - get forecast now or risk shortfall [WARNING]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [ALERT]State pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [UPDATE]      Pension Credit is the most under-claimed benefit according to researchers at charity entitledto. More than a million pensioners are missing out on this financial help which could see them a lot better off. However, it’s not the only under-claimed benefit - nearly one million people are missing out on Working Tax Credits. Thousands more are not claiming Universal Credit and Carer’s Allowance.   To check eligibility for state benefits, people are being encouraged to pop their details into a benefits calculator like the one on the Entitled to website. It asks for the claimant’s age, employment details, whether they have children and if they are already claiming benefits. It could also ask whether people have caring responsibilities depending on which benefits they intend to claim. These tools are free and easy to use. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who qualify for one of these 11 state benefits might also qualify a number of forms of support. Reduced council tax bills, capped water bills, free or cheaper broadband, and cheap BT phone calls can help Britons within the home. Similarly, the Warm Home Discount, Winter Fuel Payments and Cold Weather Payments can be particularly useful in colder months. For travel, individuals could get half price bus journeys and discount rail fares, alongside free school transport if needed for children. To keep a healthy lifestyle, claimants could get free or discounted gym membership, free prescriptions, free dental treatment, eye tests and discounted glasses. Free health travel costs may also be available.  Families could benefit from free school meals, discounted childcare costs, £150 towards school uniforms in certain circumstances, as well as food vouchers for kids and a maternity grant of up to £1,000. Other forms of support include: 