Ben Wallace, speaking from Madrid, called Russia’s army “already exhausted” and “broken” as Moscow’s forces struggle to advance through Ukraine. The Defence Secretary described how Vladimir Putin’s forces are resorting to “bringing equipment out of retirement”, even as Ukraine’s President, Volodymyr Zelensky, warns of Russia having “20 times more equipment” than Ukrainian fighters. Mr Zelensky said earlier this week: "We do not have enough technical supplies because we are fighting against such a big country with a big army." He added: "They have 20 times more equipment. “Just imagine, now in Donbas, we have 1 to 20. “You can just imagine what kind of people we have, how strong they are, what strong warriors we have." This comes as more than 20 countries commit to offering brand-new weapons systems and other military support to Ukraine. US Defence Secretary, Lloyd Austin, said defence ministers from the 24-country Ukriane Contact Group of countries had “gained a sharper and shared sense of Ukraine’s priority requirements and the situation on the battlefield”. He said: “Many countries are donating critically needed artillery ammunition, coastal defence systems and tanks and other armoured vehicles. “Others came forward with new commitments for training.” READ MORE: 'On brink of economic crisis' Viktor Orban declares state of emergency Italy, Norway, Greece and Poland have promised to send ammunition and artillery systems to the Ukrainian front lines, and the Czech Republic has gifted helicopters and tanks. Mr Austin also said that Denmark will send the Harpoon anti-ship missile system to Ukraine, which is reported to be accurate in striking surface ships up to 150 nautical miles away. The Harpoon would bolster Ukraine’s ability to fend off the Russian naval forces in the Black Sea, and may even be used to strike back at the Black Sea fleet at its base in Sevastopol. This coincides with Mr Wallace’s warning that the Russian navy will be one of Ukraine’s greatest challenges during the course of the war. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: UK issues global alert as Russia 'expanding' [LIVE] Northern Ireland protocol row will ‘strengthen our arm’ in future [REVEAL] Brexit POLL: Does Northern Ireland row put future of Brexit at risk? [VOTE] He said: “The Russian navy will be more of a threat. “Vladimir Putin will use his navy as a way of intimidating his enemies and that means he will be in other parts including the southern flank.” Russia's navy quickly cliched control over the Black Sea early in the invasion, offering up a launch position for Russian attacks on Ukraine as well as blockading Ukrainian supplies. The blockade has stopped grain exports from Ukraine - dubbed the 'breadbasket of Europe' - to drive up food prices across the world. As the blockade dragged on, the US floated the idea of sending advanced anti-ship missiles to Ukraine in the hopes of splintering the blockade. The weaponry was part of a host of requests from Kyiv, although there were concerns that providing systems like the Harpoon could pull Washington further into the war.