Season three of Stranger Things landed on Netflix on July 4, 2019 to coincide with American Independence Day. The third series made waves as it upped the ante with Cold War espionage in Hawkins, Indiana in 1985. Stranger Things also saw the arrival of a new character Robin (played by Maya Hawke), who worked with Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) at the Startcourt Mall ice cream parlour Scoops Ahoy. Robin had a big role to play in the show and viewers learnt more about her as the series went on. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season 3 Robin and Steve developed a close friendship after working together at the ice cream parlour with the pair learning more about each other as the season went on. During the course of the third series, Robin found out about Steve’s friendship with Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) as well as his closeness to the rest of the group despite the age gap. In turn, Robin came out to Steve in a moving scene after she revealed her feelings for Tammy Thompson (Julia Reilly) when they were in high school. Steve and Robin became firm friends and has become an important addition to the cast. Robin was also revealed to be the first LGBTQ character in Stranger Things after sharing her feelings about Tammy Thompson in high school. Throughout the course of season three, fans only knew Robin's first name but now some viewers think discovered her surname from a series of clues. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? Hawke is a 23-year-old American actress and model hailing from New York City. She is the daughter of Hollywood stars Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke. Hawke previously revealed her parents were fans of Stranger Things even before she was. Hawke’s first big role was playing the tomboyish Jo March in the 2017 BBC miniseries Little Women, a role that was previously portrayed by her Stranger Things co-star Winona Ryder. Along with her acting, she has modelled for the likes of Vogue, British retailer AllSaints, and Calvin Klein. Robin marked Hawke’s biggest role to date and she has also featured in the streaming platform's horror films Fear Street. STRANGER THINGS SEASON 3 ENDING EXPLAINED She also starred in Quentin Tarantino’s Once Upon A Time… in Hollywood as well as Human Capital. Billed as an “alternative girl”, Hawke’s casting was announced in 2018 and she was described as “equal parts shy and playful”. At the time, a statement read: “Bored with her mundane day job, she just wants a little excitement in her life... and gets more than she bargained for when she uncovers a dark secret in Hawkins.” Speaking about joining the show, Hawke told Collider: “You know, I think that I came in really excited to join and to play and to become a part of it and I was lucky because the group of people that I came into…like, Dustin and Steve and Erica, have not spent that much time together. So it was sort of a new family. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [INSIGHT]Is Dr Brenner from Stranger Things based on a real person? [ANALYSIS]Stranger Things: Who plays Dr Alexei? Who is actor Alec Utgoff? [EXPLAINER]  “I simultaneously got to have all this energy of people knowing each other and loving each other and getting to come into that, and really being very held by it. “Also have this new group that needed its own new identity, and that I got to contribute to equally.” Robin is in the dark about the weird goings-on in Hawkins and Hawke said it was interesting to play that - given she’d already seen the series. “I will say it’s been really an interesting part of the journey of filming, is figuring out what it’s like to be an odd one out. “What it’s like to be a part of something where everyone you’re around understands what’s happening, and you don’t. “She’s really smart, and she’s really willing to take in information really quickly and process it.” READ MORE: Stranger Things season 1 recap: What happened in season one? In terms of standout moments, Hawke hailed Robin’s coming out scene as her favourite to play. She explained to The Hollywood Reporter: “It feels wonderful to have a piece of that humanity involved in this giant, action-packed drama. “It’s such an amazing thing the Duffer Brothers did, stopping the whole show – there’s an action scene going on – and it stops for a seven-minute conversation between two people who really care about each other.” She added: “It’s really a beautiful thing. I feel really lucky I got to play that.” Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1