Dame Deborah James, 40, has been spending some quality time with her family as she posted adorable photos from a slumber party they had. But the BBC podcast host admitted she was "feeling down" and that it was "hard" to make memories when she is so unwell.  In view of her 896,000 Instagram followers, Deborah posted photos with her sister, daughter, and some friends who were beaming in matching pyjamas and eye masks.  She said in the caption to the post: “Making memories can be hard why you are dying! Oh the pressure!! (Sic)  “I’m now only getting some very grabbed hours between the sleeping and side effects, but this girly sleepover managed to put such a smile to my face having spent most of yesterday in tears!  “I’m getting less and less able to leave the house, or bed really now, so was feeling pretty down about it. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo “Or do anything for that matter! But my sister suggested a party sleepover! She managed to call a very local Woking company (@teepeevibetribe ), that morning, who said, yes we’ll come and help and make the whole thing so easy and enjoyable all within 3 hours notice! “I was feeling awful after a bad day, so didn’t watch the set up of anything. “Actually I just cried over my leaking drains next door! “But with the help of my sister and bro, managed to calm down and then they wheeled me into the room last night and yes I cried over the fairy lights! Good tears! It was just perfect!” She added she booked the whole sleepover experience with TeePeeVibeTribe. Deborah thanked the company for not charging her for the experience. With the money she saved, she donated to the BowelBabeFund, a fund she set up herself in aid of bowel cancer-related charities. Friends and fans commented on the post with their well wishes. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Jadasezer wrote: “What a precious moment and one I'm sure no one will ever forget and cherish forever.” Petatoddlar penned: “Love this.” Iamlaurenmahon said: “Oh mate this is just gorgeous! Proper bit of you!” Fabulousmag put: “How special.” Damekellyholmes wrote: “Wonderful. And so nice of @teepeevibetribe.” Mum-of-two Deborah was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016. She has since then kept her followers up to date with her treatment, with candid posts about her progress and diagnosis, recently making the sad announcement her active treatment had ended, and she was receiving end of life care at home. After keeping busy by raising nearly £7 million for charity, Dame Deborah admitted she is tired at the moment as she is scared to sleep.