Mark Smith was presented with the George Cross medal on a recent episode of Antiques Road Show. The medal, which is the highest award bestowed by the British government for non-operational gallantry, belonged to his guest's late uncle. He was a miner who saved men's lives during a mining disaster and the guest was blown away when Mark revealed the medal was now worth £20,000.   Mark explained the George Cross medal was quite rare as it was one of the highest rewards for bravery in the UK for an action which happened not in the face of an enemy. He said: "We have a photograph here of a very proud man and two ladies I presume standing at Buckingham Palace and he is holding the George Cross - who was this gentleman?" The guest explained the man in the photo was her uncle John Hutchinson who was standing with her two aunties. He was a minor at the Louisa Pit, near Stanley in Country Durham, and he received the award for gallantry for saving some men in the mining disaster. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir   The mining disaster happened in August 1947 and once John finished his shift an alarm sounded as there was an accident below in another part of the mine. She explained: "My uncle then went down and spent the next hour and a half looking for men. "It was thick with fumes, there were flames everywhere. "The firedamp had set fire to the coal dust and the fire had spread all over the pit and they could only see for a foot with the lamps on their helmets.   "They managed to get five men out alive - two of them sadly died later in hospital from the injuries." A total of 21 men died in the tragedy and the youngest was just 18 years old. Mark told the guest in 1947 her uncle would have been awarded the Edward Medal for Mines. "But in 1971 they were asked to exchange their medal for the George Cross," the expert explained. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert uncovers staggering value of Lucky Rabbit [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [MUST SEE]  Mark continued: "How often do I hear someone say, 'A quiet hero?' "Heroes are not what we always expect, they are just the ordinary person who stands up at the right moment. "It's a lovely, lovely medal, and so simply engraved with his name on the back - John Hutchinson 1947. "And it lives in the beautiful little box as it was presented to him by her Majesty The Queen."   The guest admitted she had never thought about what the item might be worth in the present day. "It's not a monetary thing because he was your uncle, but in the open world it is a monetary thing," Mark exclaimed. He told the guest the medal was worth £20,000 and she gasped, before saying: "Gosh." She later said: "I am absolutely shocked by the value as when my children were at primary school they took it in to show everyone and I never actually thought about the value." Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 