Labour loyalists are getting fidgety. Why aren’t we further ahead in the polls? they beseech. Why isn’t the next election in the bag? How come our lead is narrow? Why is evil Boris still in the game? They’re right to panic. At this stage of the election cycle, Tony Blair’s lead over John Major was averaging 20 points. Ed Miliband, who went on to lose, led by 13. Even the hapless, hopeless Jeremy Corbyn led by eight. And let’s remember the Tories have been in power for 12 years. Voter fatigue is to be expected. That’s before we consider partygate, police fines and spiralling prices. Well, there are plenty of explanations for Labour’s unspectacular showing. There has been a political realignment, for example, leading to that red wall turning blue. Brexit is still a factor. The voters still associate Labour with Corbynite wokery, antisemitism and economic illiteracy. All that’s true. But there’s something else just as important. Possibly even more so. It’s Keir Starmer’s personality. I’m not talking about the ruthless, scheming opportunism that the recently published biography describes. We expect that. No, it’s something else I’ve been trying to put my finger on, before finally nailing it. It’s his sheer sanctimony. And I’d wager that there are few less attractive characteristics in any politician. Sanctimony. The very word makes the skin crawl. It’s a close relation of that horrible lefty, woke habit of virtue signalling. But whereas virtue signalling can be switched on or off, sanctimony – acting as if one is morally superior – is an ingrained trait, which Starmer has in abundance. So he takes every opportunity to tell us he comes from humble stock, and that his father worked on a factory floor (he leaves out the fact daddy owned the factory). He boasts that he was Director of Public Prosecutions, where he held the great and good to account (it’s not his fault Jimmy Saville fell through the net). During Covid, he self-isolated six times, like a good boy should. He took every opportunity to call for longer, harsher restrictions to “keep people safe” and accused Boris Johnson of being “reckless” for restoring basic freedoms, like going to the pub.  And when it became apparent that Boris and Rishi had broken the rules, Starmer laid it on as thick as lumpy custard to a packed House of Commons, telling the story of John Robinson, who couldn’t hold his wife’s hand as she died of Covid. “Doesn’t the Prime Minister realise that John would have given the world to hold his dying wife’s hand, even if it was just for nine minutes?”, Starmer oozed nasally. Ah, nine minutes. That’s the length of Boris’ birthday party, for which he and the blameless Rishi were fined. Yes, while this prime minister ate cake (actually the cake remained uneaten, and Boris had nearly died of Covid himself a few weeks earlier), ordinary people suffered. And Starmer, unlike the feckless Boris, is a fabulous enough person to feel their pain. Some say that MPs listened to Starmer in hushed awe. I reckon it was stunned embarrassment. But there’s another problem with sanctimony. It sets you up for an almighty crash. For if you, yourself, fall just slightly beneath those high moral standards by which you see fit to judge others, you then stand accused of the only other sin that people consider even more vile: hypocrisy. And that, of course, is why ‘beergate’ is so lethal for Starmer. As is his starring role under Jeremy Corbyn’s far-left leadership. As is his determination to overturn the Brexit referendum, despite his subsequent assertion that he wants “to make Brexit work”. Sure, of course you do.  In the early days of his leadership, Starmer struggled to cut through at all. That was understandable. It was right at the start of Covid. The media had little time for yet another Labour leader. When the voters were asked what they thought of him, the response, as often as not, was “Who?” But now we know better. And he’s struggling to seal the deal, even at this horrific low point for Boris. According to YouGov, twice as many people think Starmer is performing badly as those who think he’s performing well. That’s hardly a platform for victory. Frankly, the voters just don’t warm to the guy, and the most they can say is that at least he’s not Corbyn. Tomorrow morning, of course, Starmer will be celebrating plenty of gains in the local elections, and Boris will be licking his wounds. But what really matters is the next general election. And sanctimonious Starmer needs to do far, far more to win back power for Labour. 