Prospective Chelsea owner Todd Boehly reportedly wants to make signing Reece James and Mason Mount on long-term deals his top priority once he assumes control of the club. Boehly is said to be concerned with some of the Chelsea player’s contract situations with a number of key stars having only a few years left. Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger are already set to leave on free transfers at the end of the season. Spanish defender Marcos Alonso has also told the club he wants to join Barcelona while long-serving captain Cesar Azpilicueta is expected to follow suit. Therefore, the American has made tieing down England internationals Mount and James a top priority, according to Goal. Both have been linked with moves away from the club with the latter attracting interest from Real Madrid in recent weeks. The academy graduates have been two of Chelsea’s key players this season with Mount contributing 12 goals and 15 assists and James registering a further six goals and seven assists despite suffering an injury-hit second half of the season. MUST READ Man Utd making ‘swap deal offer’ suggests Joel Glazer is ready to end experiment  The billionaire Boehly is set to assume control of the London club after his consortium agreed a takeover bid of around £4.25 billion. The sale is expected to go through by the end of the month but requires Government and Premier League approval. A Chelsea statement, released on Saturday morning confirmed the deal. It read: “Chelsea Football Club can confirm that terms have been agreed for a new ownership group, led by Todd Boehly, Clearlake Capital, Mark Walter and Hansjoerg Wyss, to acquire the Club. “Of the total investment being made, £2.5bn will be applied to purchase the shares in the Club and such proceeds will be deposited into a frozen UK bank account with the intention to donate 100% to charitable causes as confirmed by Roman Abramovich. UK Government approval will be required for the proceeds to be transferred from the frozen UK bank account. DON'T MISS Erik ten Hag may be about to sanction Man Utd’s third most-expensive sale in history Pep Guardiola admits threatening to quit Man City during tense meeting with owners Man Utd and Liverpool's pre-season travel plans will get Roy Keane's blood boiling   “In addition, the proposed new owners will commit £1.75bn in further investment for the benefit of the Club. This includes investments in Stamford Bridge, the Academy, the Women’s Team and Kingsmeadow and continued funding for the Chelsea Foundation. “The sale is expected to complete in late May subject to all necessary regulatory approvals. More details will be provided at that time.” The new owner was at Stamford Bridge to see his new side blow a 2-0 lead to draw with Wolves. The businessman was seen with his head in his hands after Wanderers captain Connor Coady equalised with the last kick of the game to extend the Blues’ winless run to three games.  