Lewis Hamilton will struggle to cope if he continues to be 'outgunned' by new Mercedes teammate George Russell, according to one famous British F1 driver. Hamilton, 37, has endured a nightmare start to the 2022 campaign, struggling to get to grips with his new W13 vehicle and way off the pace in comparison to the likes of front-runners Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen. He did manage a third-place finish in the season opener in Bahrain, but a week later was eliminated in Q1 in Saudi Arabia. He eventually finished 10th in the Grand Prix before coming fifth in Australia - before enduring a torrid weekend in Imola. Having exited in Q2, he made no impression in the Saturday Sprint Race and crossed the line 14th on Sunday. To compound matters, he was lapped by race winner Verstappen, just months after the pair concluded an epic battle for the 2021 title. It's left Hamilton on just 28 points, 58 off championship leader Leclerc, with the seven-time world champion already ruling out any chance of a tilt at another title in 2022. His struggles have been made more bewildering by dint of the fact Russell has amassed 49 points and lies in fourth place. JUST IN: Sebastian Vettel says he has 'lots of years left' amid Max Verstappen partnership rumours And John Watson, who won five Grand Prix races in a career that spanned over a decade, is concerned that Russell's consistency will get to Hamilton if he continues to struggle. Speaking about the Imola debacle, he said: "It didn’t help that George did an outstanding job. That will eat Lewis. It was a graphic disparity because Lewis has never been outgunned by a team-mate to such a degree. "George has been deferential on every occasion towards Lewis. He has not bigged up his own achievements. That has been smart. Perhaps in a strange way it has been harder for Lewis to take." Watson, 75, also sympathised with the icon for the situation he has found himself in. DON'T MISS:Two workers 'burned' in accident at Miami GP track and hospitalised days before F1 raceLewis Hamilton Mercedes feud 'went too far' admits Nico Rosberg - 'We made it difficult'F1 'to test out new rule' which could shape 2023 Championship title race after FIA meeting "I felt sorry for Lewis in that race," he told the Daily Mail. "He has not forgotten how to drive overnight. He was in company he is not accustomed to and got stuck in a four-car chain all using DRS. "It was not a nice situation for a guy like him to be in. He was hip-and-shouldered out of it at the start and there was little he or the team could do about it." It remains to be seen whether Hamilton, and Mercedes, can address the issues in time for the inaugural Miami Grand Prix next weekend.