Gary Neville has rubbed salt in Liverpool's wounds after they came up short in their bid to land a 20th domestic crown on Sunday. Manchester City fought back against Aston Villa to retain their Premier League title in style at the Etihad and end the Reds ambitious quadruple bid. City's triumph means that Neville's former club, Manchester United, are still the only English team to have won 20 domestic titles - and the 47-year-old was quick to remind Liverpool fans of that fact at the end of a frenetic season finale. Alongside a picture of himself with United's legendary manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, Neville tweeted: “They’ll be trying for a long time son to do what we’ve just done”. The Reds made a horrific start at Anfield, where they found themselves trailing to a Pedro Neto strike inside three minutes. But Jurgen Klopp's side hit back with goals from Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Andrew Robertson to put pressure on City, who hit three goals in just six minutes to overhaul a 2-0 deficit against Aston Villa. READ MORE: Man City clinch Premier League title with dramatic comeback as Liverpool win Liverpool had surged back into contention for the title after a stunning run of form at the turn of the year, but they fell just a point shy of City for the second time to leave them disappointed. Reds icon Jamie Carragher was quick to congratulate City after their dramatic fightback, with the Sky Sports pundit claiming that City's title triumph was made even sweeter by fighting back from 2-0 down. Speaking after the match, Carragher said: "Great achievement, it really is. Looking at Pep Guardiola, he’s quite emotional. In some ways, they wouldn’t have wanted to go through what they have today, but sometimes that makes it sweeter. They had that Aguero moment and this probably won’t be too far behind." DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag 'shakes head' at Man Utd star as new boss watches on.Erik ten Hag mobbed by fans arriving for Man Utd's clash vs PalaceMaguire breaks silence on Ten Hag and says what Man Utd squad think Heading into the match, the Reds were just two games away from landing an unprecedented quadruple and City trailed for long spells of the afternoon to leave Anfield on tenterhooks. Speaking after the match, Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson was full of praise for his team-mates - but admitted that the outcome was tough to stomach after taking the title race to the wire. He told Sky Sports: "We’ve been in this position before but it's tough. Unfortunately it wasn’t enough. We can’t have too many issues, we did absolutely everything all season right until the last day. If you had said we’d be here in January, we would have bit your hand off. I’m very proud of the boys but it’s over yet, we’ve got another game next week. [against Real Madrid]."