Joining Dan Wootton on his Tonight show on GB News, Kim Woodburn had strong feelings about a fed-up shopper’s petition to have self-checkouts removed from their local Tesco. The shopper said they missed the human interaction with a cashier but Kim stated she could think of nothing worse. When fellow guest Diana Moran said she liked to chat with supermarket staff, the How Clean Is Your House? star argued: “I hate it.” Dan began: “Look, I think I’m pretty good on technology, I’m a relative early-adopter. “I’m sorry but some of these self-service tills are impossible to use.” Guest Rebecca Jane replied: “Temperamental is what they are. They need to get better with the technology. “I’ll tell you what, I am a self-proclaimed self-checkout expert, so go to Zara, they have got it down.” READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan “Okay Rebecca, hold that thought,” Dan cut in as Kim spoke in the background. “Just say that point again Kim, we missed that.” Kim raged: “You want to chat away to the cashier? I could strangle you.” Diana could be seen gasping as the Celebrity Big Brother star continued: “I know what you mean bless you but not me in a queue. “I’d shoot you. I hate it.” Kim explained: “It's a busy day and we're all mad busy and this woman bless her saying how are you today, you feel like saying get on with it. “I wouldn’t like a conversation because we’d never get our food, my love. You’re a sweet lady but it’s not for me.” She later continued: “You say you like the personal touch, I agree it's lovely but it never just ends with that with a lady, it never ends. DON'T MISS...Jim Davidson lets rip as row erupts over Thatcher's statue [VIDEO]Rupert Everett apologises for walking off after Piers Morgan interview [WATCH]Piers Morgan slams Royals for 'grovelling apology' tours [VIDEO] "It's too busy to have a conversation about your corns and how she's doing. "When I was young I use to go to the corner shop but those days are gone." Kim, 80, also hit out at Rebecca and young mothers claiming they take too long. She complained: “You young mothers you've got a telephone in one hand, you've got their kids screaming and kicking. "I'm not taking it back and that last call to your mate, you've already called her five times." As the fed-up shopper’s petition to have self-checkouts removed has hit 100,000 signatures, Tesco insisted staff will always be on hand to help. They stated: “Our colleagues and the friendly service they provide are absolutely vital to our stores and will always be on hand to help our customers, whether they are checking out at one of our colleague-operated or self-service checkouts." Tonight with Dan Wootton airs Monday-Thursday on GB News from 9pm.