  Jennifer Saunders has opened up about her “brutal” health battle. The French and Saunders star said “no one warned her” about her upcoming struggles and claimed she “just felt angry” at the time.      Jennifer, 63, is best known for being one half of the comedy duo French and Saunders with fellow actress Dawn French, 64. After co-creating and starring in the comedy sketch show, she later received acclaim for her sitcom Absolutely Fabulous. While she has pointed out the benefits of “not taking yourself too seriously”, Jennifer has faced more than her fair share of health problems in the past. In 2010, the star announced she had been diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 51, undergoing a lumpectomy, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. READ MORE: Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed    Speaking in a new interview, Jennifer reflected: “The cancer was caught early enough, and I had doctors I trusted. “I just had to make it easy for the doctors to do what they had to do, by doing what they told me and behaving myself.” While Jennifer lived through harsh rounds of chemotherapy and life-changing surgery, she went on to explain that “crushing into the menopause” was challenging. The actress explained was suddenly plunged into the menopause post-cancer after taking medication to treat the disease.      “I did crash into menopause a bit,” she remembered. “It was quite brutal, especially because no one warned me. “Doctors deal with their own speciality and if you face cancer, they deal with the cancer. “But if you go on tamoxifen it stops you having any oestrogen and I don’t think they quite understand how that mentally affects you,” she added. “You don’t quite know what you should feel like, so you think, ‘Is this depression? I don’t know. I just feel angry,’” she told Saga Magazine. READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood hits back at Dan Walker's 'cheeky' remark [LATEST] Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap [NEWS]     As it turned out, the medication Jennifer needed to take was incompatible with hormone replacement therapy (HRT), which meant it took her a while to find a doctor that could help guide her through the menopause using alternative coping methods. Jennifer went on to muse that it was “an odd time”, but that she felt “comfortable in herself” once she had moved past it. French and Saunders originally broadcast on BBC Two from 1987 to 1993, and the pair have since filmed a number of holiday specials for the Beeb. The hit show was given one of the highest budgets in BBC history to create detailed spoofs and satires of popular culture, films and various celebrities.      Meanwhile, Jennifer went on to receive praise for her role as Edina Monsoon in their sitcom Absolutely Fabulous, where she starred opposite Dame Joanna Lumley, who played Patsy Stone on the show. Dawn and Jennifer both received a BAFTA Fellowship in 2009 for their work on French and Saunders, and have starred in numerous other comedy shows over the years. Saga Magazine is published monthly and is aimed at the over 50 market, reaching more than 264,000 subscribers. To subscribe to Saga Magazine, go to saga.co.uk/magazine. The magazine is available in print and digitally, via the Saga Magazine app.   