Princess Beatrice joined a panel of judges at the Oscar's Book Prize to announce this year's winner in an adorable way. The group including the princess read to children an extract from "Maybe" by Chris Haughton, which has been crowned the Prize's winner of 2022. The elder daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson took part in this initiative as the patron of the Prize. Donning a beautiful dress with a colourful floral pattern and puffed sleeves, Beatrice looked straight into the camera as she recited a few lines from the book. Introducing the video, the Prize's website said: "We’re so thrilled for this year’s winner Chris Haughton! "We’ve heard from the judges and our Patron HRH Princess Beatrice about what makes this book so special, but the best way to appreciate it is to read it for yourself. "Here our judges and Patron present a very special reading of Maybe… "We hope you enjoy it as much as we all have. "Congratulations Chris - and to all at Walker Books for this vibrant, roar-some winner!" Princess Beatrice became patron of the Prize, an initiative supported by Amazon, in March 2017 after helping to judge it the previous year. READ MORE: Adorable way Princess Charlotte keeps in touch with cousins in USA The royal is known for her interest in literacy and books and has been candid about her issues with dyslexia as a child. The Queen's granddaughter recalled overcoming her struggles thanks to her love for reading and her parents' support in an op-ed she penned in 2017. She wrote: "I was diagnosed with dyslexia quite early in my childhood and it was noticeable in my reading abilities. "Reading was really hard work, even trying to get through the pages of some of the simple school reading books.  "I could not understand why I was still reading behind my classmates. "It was at this point that stories became one of the key things which inspired me. "I was lucky my mother, with her great imagination, took the time to work on these with me. "By the time I read Harry Potter, aged 11, I tore through the pages." Reading to children for the Prize will surely be particularly poignant for Beatrice this year, as she has recently become a mother. On September 18, she gave birth to Sienna Elizabeth, her first daughter with property developer Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. After her marriage to Edoardo in July 2020, Beatrice also became the step-mother of Christopher, known as Wolfie, the son the property developer had with his former partner Dara Huang. Beatrice revealed she helped homeschool the boy during the national lockdowns. Following the birth of Sienna, Edoardo and Beatrice made sure to include Wolfie in the two announcements related to the newborn. In early October last year, as she announced her baby's name, Beatrice also paid tribute to her step-son. She wrote on Twitter: "We are all doing well and Wolfie is the best big brother to Sienna."