Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a decision to step away from royal life in 2020. Following various antics, the couple, who still use their HRH titles, are now facing demands to "decide if they are royalty or they are celebrity". Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, PR expert Lida Citroen said: "Well, it kind of reminds you of a teenage, right. "The teenagers trying not to be their parents by being adult but they don't quite know what that means yet". She added: "It sort of feels from a perception standpoint that they [Meghan and Harry] have to decide if they're royalty or they're celebrity. "There's a very different persona in perception mapping that goes with both of those, you don't really get to straddle both". Host Christina Garibaldi added: "They are one of the most recognisable couples in the world, but they also wanted to straddle that royal life". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Do you support Queen as ‘Zoom monarch’? Ms Garibaldi continued: "It seems like they're still pushing the royal life but don't really want to associated with it either". Ms Citreon said: "You sometimes don't get to have it both ways. "When you think about royal life and the pageantry of the institution, there's rules that come with that and there's protocols and thre's rewards but celebrity also has rules and protocols and rewards. "It also has a lot a risk, and being handled is different, being, you know, managed is different". Ms Citeron concluded that they "kind of, need to choose". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'won't be seen much' at Jubilee as couple to hold 'private celebrations' In January 2020, Meghan and Harry announced they were to step down as working royals and "work to become financially independent" Despite this, they vowed to continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". They declared that their decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". Since their exit, the couple have undertaken various ventures that can be more categoried under "celebrity" than royal, such as signing a deal with Netflix and appearing on US talk shows. Last November, Meghan appeared on the US talk show Ellen, even appearing in a comedy skit on the show. DON'T MISS It was recently confirmed that the couple would be flying to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next month. They are confirmed to be bringing their two children, three-year-old son Archie and Lilibet, 11 months, along for the visit. The Queen will get to see great-grandson Archie for the first time in two years, and meet Lilibet for the first time.