Liverpool have been told to sign Aurelien Tchouameni they must splash out. Monaco sporting director Paul Mitchell has said any interested club will have to submit an 'aggressive' offer if they are to sign the midfielder this summer. Mitchell's comments come after Liverpool were claimed to have 'agreed terms' with the player. Tchouameni joined Monaco in 2020 after a series of superb performances at Bordeaux and has gone from strength to strength on the Mediterranean coast. His outings earned him the call-up to the France team, and he has attracted interest from many of Europe's elite this season. Real Madrid and Liverpool are both interested, with both clubs having supposedly agreed personal terms with the player. And Monaco's sporting director Mitchell has said it will take a huge bid to prise him from their grasp. “I don't have a preference to be honest. Of course, [an] important fee is needed," Mitchell told RMC Sport. “Offers have to be very aggressive if they want us to sell a top player like Tchouameni”. The comments come after RMC claimed that Tchouameni had already agreed terms with both Real and Liverpool. With Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain likely to leave, and James Milner currently set to depart when his contract runs out, the club are in need of a young midfielder. Tchouameni's performances as well as his age and potential mean he is an ideal candidate to join Liverpool's midfield. However, with the Frenchman set to cost up to £70million, Liverpool face sanctioning one of the biggest deals in their history to sign him. It's unclear if they will pay that price given it is not a guarantee Tchouameni will start every match. Klopp recently stated his worry that other clubs could climb into the title race if they back their managers. “But you do know Erik ten Hag is arriving at United, and they don’t wait now five years or whatever. They will go big," he said. “You have Tottenham. Obviously, Antonio Conte is very, very ambitious. They already have a good team. To play two competitions they maybe need a few more players – they will bring them in then that’s it. It’s not about that. Nobody has to worry that the gap will stay forever."