Manchester United are facing competiiton from German giants Bayern Munich for RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku, reports suggest. The 24-year-old has emerged as one of the hottest prospects in the Bundesliga this season after a sensational campaign.  Nkunku made the £11.7million move from Paris Saint-Germain to Leipzig in 2019 after failing to break through at the Parc des Princes. So far this season, he has scored 31 goals while contributing to 20 assists in all competitions, including 12 goals across the Champions League and Europa League this year, helping his side to reach the Europa League semi final. Domenico Tedesco's side hold a 1-0 advantage over Rangers heading into the second-leg tie this week. Nkunku was recently rewarded with a call up to the France national team during the March international break. But that may not have done Leipzig any favours however, as his performances have resulted in several interests from clubs wanting his signature. Alongside United and Bayern, former club Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and AC Milan are also eyeing a potential €60m (£50m) move in the summer, according to ESPN. Bayern who have made their interest known recently, could possibly be leading the line, being notorious for bringing domestic talent to their squad like the transfers of Marcel Sabitzer from Leipzig in 2021 and Robert Lewandowski from rivals Borussia Dortmund in 2014. Nkunku is contracted to the Red Bull Arena until the summer of 2024, and the Bundesliga outfit are determined to keep their player, despite expecting to receive "big offers" in the transfer window. The Frenchman has played in different positions this campaign, from the left and the right and playing through the middle. Given United's lack of strikers, interim boss Ralf Rangnick believes that should be one of the main priorities ahead of the summer. "For me, it is obvious Manchester United needs two more quality strikers that just give this team more options, more quality and more weapons," he said after United's 3-0 win over Brentford. "If you look to Liverpool or Manchester City and look at their strikers, they have five or six top-class strikers.Gabriel Jesus, until four or five weeks ago, he hardly played. Now he is playing again regularly and if you look at the number of players they have and ask me if Gabriel Jesus is a central striker or a winger, is Grealish a central striker or a winger, they are all strikers who can play in different positions, they can also switch and they can rotate. "That kind of players, we don't have that many. [sic] Martial was on loan at Sevilla, Edinson Cavani was injured most of the time so we didn't have that many alternatives up front." 