Rishi Sunak unveiled a 5p cut in fuel duty during his spring statement at the end of March. However, the Chancellor's efforts to help penny-pinching Brits deal with the cost of living crisis appear to have fallen short as fuel prices hit new highs. According to RAC, retailers were taking 2p more on average in profit per litre of fuel than they had before Mr Sunak's intervention. This could see retailers cash in on as much as £7million extra every month. Robert Halfon, who was first elected to the Commons as the MP for Harlow in 2010, has now urged the Government to take action. According to the Times, Mr Halfon said: “These companies are fleecing motorists along with the major oil companies and seem to be the only people doing well out of the war in Ukraine and the cost-of-living crisis.” JUST IN: GB News guest lets rip as row erupts over Thatcher's statue - 'This is our history!' The Chair of the Education Select Committee added: “It is high time that the government set up a pump-watch regulator to ensure fair prices.” However, the RAC also compared the difference between the average wholesale price of petrol and the retail price on British forecourts both before and after the Chancellor’s spring statement. They found that in the month before Sunak’s announcement, the average margin for petrol was 9p a litre and 6p a litre for diesel. The latest figures suggest that this has risen to an 11p margin for unleaded petrol and 8p for diesel. RAC spokesman Simon Williams told the Times: “It is hard to explain why retailers appear to be taking more margin now than before the chancellor’s duty cut in March. READ MORE: Boris hits back at Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp for defending booing national anthem “It does seem like some of the duty cut is being swallowed up by increased profits.” AA president Edmund King added: “The Chancellor was trying to be generous and give drivers something back with the 5p cut in duty but unfortunately that hasn’t been reflected at the pumps. “Time and time again we see the ‘feather and rocket’ effect, where global prices go up and overnight they’re reflected at the pumps. “When it’s the other way round, it takes an awful lot longer. “In some countries they make it mandatory to flag the wholesale price so motorists can see if the retail price reflects it.” DON'T MISS:Femi brands Tories 'fascist and racist' in 'gulag' rant over booing [REACTION]Prince William boos show the monarchy's days are numbered [COMMENT]Royal POLL: Are you ashamed William was booed at the FA Cup final? [GET INVOLVED] The overall price of petrol and diesel has also not dropped since Sunak's announcement. Petrol stood at 167.01p per litre and diesel stood at 179.9p per litre at the time of the spring statement. Petrol has dropped slightly to 166.65p and diesel has risen to 180.3p. A Government source told the Times: “The fuel duty cut was brought in to help drivers with the rising cost. “As we made clear at the time, we would expect retailers to pass on the cut, not profit from it.”