Arsenal see both of their strikers' contracts expire at the end of the season but it is clear which one they should attempt to keep. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are in the same position but at different points of their careers. Lacazette has scored just four Premier League goals all season, two of them being penalties. Nketiah has two to his name but has only made four starts - three of those against Chelsea, Manchester United and West Ham. Lacazette has worn the armband since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was stripped of the captaincy in December. But the Frenchman has not done enough to prove he should get a new deal at the club. He turns 31 at the end of this month and the time is right for Arsenal to part company with the forward. Mikel Arteta says talks will be held in the summer about Lacazette's future but it looks increasingly likely that he will be on his way. READ MORE: Real Madrid 'increasingly keen' on Ronaldo return as Man Utd set price  Arsenal need to move on from handing out big contracts to players of Lacazette's age. However, Nketiah has shown in recent weeks that he is deserving of a new deal. It is fair to say he has not been a favourite with Arsenal fans. Despite often scoring in cup competitions, Nketiah's goal tally was often belittled due to the level of opposition he was coming up against. However, at 22, Nketiah has now been handed a run in the team in the Premier League and is proving why he feels he should be playing more than he does. His two goals came in the 4-2 win over Chelsea last month, both strikes showing different sides to his game. But his best performance arguably came against West Ham on Sunday. Despite not scoring, Nketiah was more than a handful for the Hammers defence. DON'T MISSHaaland to Man City transfer 'guaranteed' after Guardiola 'agrees new contract' [RUMOUR]Man Utd 'make swap deal offer to sign Lautaro Martinez' but Erik ten Hag faces setback [GOSSIP]Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson slammed 'one of the worst' as part of his game called out [QUOTES]  He showed he has improved with his back to goal and now has the ability to drop deep - something Arteta wants from his striker. Nketiah came close to scoring on a number of occasions and perhaps should have put the game to bed. But he showed exactly why he is now a level above Lacazette. According to Squawka, Nketiah had four shots on target at the London Stadium - the same number Lacazette has managed in his last nine Premier League matches combined. There is no wonder Lacazette is scoring so few goals if he is not shooting. But Nketiah's ability to run in behind creates a lot of his chances - something Lacazette has not got the pace to do. Arsenal will sign a striker this summer and Nketiah may not be the answer to all their problems in that position. But they must do what they can to change his mind and convince him he will get enough game time at the club if he stays. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 