NBC’s long-running hit procedural drama Law and Order SVU could see a major change in their upcoming finale. While the characters work to resolve violent crimes, Amanda Rollins’ (played by Kelli Giddish) relationship could face a major change in the highly anticipated finale.  Since season 23 first premiered in September 2021, viewers have watched as Rollins and Dominics Carisi’s (Peter Scanavino) romance blossomed. They began dating early on and despite the ups and downs, they’ve remained a solid duo. Throughout the series, the couple made their relationship official by telling their captain Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and meeting each other’s families. However, despite the foundation of their happy romance appearing to be stable, things could take a turn during the finale. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role The major clue was unveiled by TV Line who received the inside scoop. It read: “If the events of last week, in which Khaldun lightly grilled Rollins after her deskside conversation with Carisi — whet your appetite for more. “I am hearing that this season’s final two episodes will feature additional ‘movement’ for the couple.” While it's yet to be seen how this could affect the couple, fans will find out if this will result in a cliffhanger or be resolved in the finale.  There’s also a chance the big change could involve Khaldun (Ari'el Stachel) as he had previously tried to stop Rollins from speaking to Carisi while they were working. Although he is a sergeant in NYPD’s Hate Crimes task force, he frequently stepped in to help the SVU team capture a suspect. This happened recently in the episode titled ‘If I Knew Then What I Know Now’ when he filled in for Fin (Ice T) and Valesco (Octavio Pisano) who were quarantining. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [INSIGHT]Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [INSIGHT]Law and Order's Benson and Stabler reunite in tense crossover [INSIGHT]  Another reason Khaldun may want to come between their relationship was because he previously had feelings for Rollins. This began when the two worked together for an undercover mission, where he pretended to be her romantic partner, which led him to harbour his real feelings for her. As well as the big change in the relationship being unveiled, fans can also look forward to the return of Rafael Barba (Raúl Esparza). The Wrap confirmed Rollins will seek his help when a victim of domestic violence is prosecuted.   He made his first appearance on the show during season 14, before becoming a series regular in season 15 and then leaving the show in season 19. The last time he was on Law and Order SVU was earlier this season when he defended Richard Wheatley (Dylan McDermott) for the murder of Kathy Stabler. Fans will remember how this angered Benson as she begged him not to take the case because Kathy was the wife of his close friend and former partner Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni). The case resulted in a mistrial after Barba deadlocked the jury, fans will have to stay tuned to see how he will use his skills to help Rollins Law and Order SVU is available on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 