Simon Jordan has slammed an idea from Chelsea fans for a statue of former owner Roman Abramovich to be put up outside Stamford Bridge. The former Crystal Palace owner described fans that were in favour of the statue as “hypocrites” after the Russian billionaire was forced to sell the club when he was sanctioned by the UK Government. American businessman Todd Boehly’s £4billion takeover of Chelsea was completed on Monday, after Abramovich spent 19 years at the helm. Despite his successful tenure at the London club, Jordan believes it is a “stupid” idea for supporters to call for a statue of Abramovich outside Stamford Bridge. He told talkSPORT: “Hypocrites. How can you have a man sanctioned to this point where he has to leave the country and has to give up the football club, and you moron wants to put a statue outside Chelsea. “I mean I am sorry but you have got to call somebody stupid when they are being stupid. That is stupid. How can you put a statue of a man that has been sanctioned outside a football club because he did something for you? “It is stupid, how stupid have you got to be? We are telling people they can’t play in Wimbledon and tennis tournaments, we are telling athletes they can’t compete, telling football teams that they can’t play in Europe but a fella that has been sanctioned because he is inexplicably indexed should have a statue outside Chelsea’s football ground. Go wobble your head. I mean really?” Some quarters of Chelsea fans have called for their former owner to have a statue outside of Stamford Bridge, but there are no current plans in place under the club’s new ownership. In a statement on Monday confirming the new ownership group led by Boehly, managers Thomas Tuchel and Emma Hayes were thanked. "We would like to thank all of the bidders for their engagement, effort and participation in this process," an official club statement read. "We would also like to thank our men and women footballers, the staff of both teams, everyone in our Academy, and in particular Thomas Tuchel and Emma Hayes for their patience and support during this process. And, of course, thank you to all our partners, staff and fans during this difficult phase for the Club." Chelsea’s transfer business this summer can now commence following the acquisition being finalised, and they are expected to move quickly for Sevilla defender Jules Kounde. While several defensive reinforcements may be necessary at Stamford Bridge this summer, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen nearing exits and Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso linked with moves to Spain also. Thiago Silva may have dropped a hint over who his preferred defensive partner would be on Instagram however, liking a post of a rumour for Kalidou Koulibaly.