Manchester City's proposed move for Kalvin Phillips could be dead in the water after Leeds United secured their Premier League safety on the final day against Brentford. The England midfielder already made it clear that he would snub a move to rivals Manchester United, and it is thought that he will do the same to Pep Guardiola's side with the Yorkshireman set to stay in the top-flight with his boyhood club. Phillips has been linked with a cluster of top sides in recent months. Not only were United and City positioning themselves in case Leeds suffered relegation, but Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is thought to be an admirer too. Although two of those three sides can offer Champions League football, and the other a rich history of success, Express Sport understands that Phillips would be 'reluctant' to leave Leeds unless he had to. A tumultuous campaign was salvaged on the final day, and with safety now assured, the 26-year-old could be a key part of next season's turnaround as a host of injured stars return to action. While City may have been excited at the notion that Phillips would prefer a move to the Etihad over Old Trafford, the player now has complete control over his future and is destined to remain in the Premier League no matter which option he chooses. JUST IN: Gareth Bale's four potential landing spots after star 'rejected by Atletico Madrid' Under no financial pressure to sell, the Whites could demand a gargantuan fee for their midfield maestro to banish potential suitors. City are not short of cash, but may not want to blow the quoted £60million on a player who, most likely, would deputise for Rodri in the middle of the park. Fernandinho has now departed after nine years with the club, leaving a vacancy in Guardiola's midfield. The former Barcelona boss could have to search elsewhere, however, given Phillips' apparent loyalty to Leeds. DON'T MISS: Bale's agent takes aim at Real Madrid and addresses retirement rumours (NEWS)Darren Bent insists he would not sign Gareth Bale for Arsenal (INSIGHT)Real Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after stunning Wales goals (ANALYSIS) The England international, who is a favourite of Gareth Southgate, was born in Leeds and joined the club as a 15-year-old. He spent six seasons earning his stripes in the Championship before excelling in the Premier League under Marcelo Bielsa, and now Jesse Marsch. While Phillips' stance could force Man City to look elsewhere, much like rivals Man Utd, Leeds may have a tougher time convincing Raphinha to stick around. The Brazilian does not have the same hometown loyalty as Phillips, known as 'the Yorkshire Pirlo', and would reportedly jump at the chance to join Barcelona this summer. The winger's agent, Deco, is a former Barca star and Xavi is believed to be a big fan of the Leeds trickster.  As in Phillips' case, Leeds' final-day exploits mean they can now demand a significantly higher fee for the Brazilian. The mood could turn sour, however, if that stops his move to the Camp Nou dead in its tracks. If City are forced to move on from interest in Phillips, Frenkie de Jong is supposedly on their hit list as Barcelona weigh up whether to officially put him in the shop window. Guardiola was also keeping an eye on Paul Pogba, but the outgoing Man Utd midfielder is instead considering approaches from Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain.