Who would have thought that the secret to bright, ageless skin could be found at home in your fruit bowl? Leading dermatologist Dr Simon Zokaie, in partnership with British Apples and Pears, revealed that apples should be an essential component of an ant-ageing skincare routine. The primary cause of dull and dreary skin is a "lack of moisture and hydration", according to Dr Simon. This problem is worsened in colder months, but with Britons cranking up the central heating all year around due to chilly temperatures, our skin can become dry and lifeless. But why are apples the answer to this? Dr Simon explained: "Apples are naturally hydrating and have the ability to brighten and bring radiance to your skin. READ MORE: 'Eyebrows are so important': Beauty presenter's tips to look young  "Full of essential vitamins and nutrients, apples are a simple, affordable way to ensure you feel good in your skin." Without apples being sold at supermarkets for as little as 25p per fruit, people can defy ageing without breaking the bank, according to the expert. He continued: "Snacking on a British apple a day can truly help our skin to thrive." And the benefits are not just skin deep, with the expert suggesting that an apple a day is an "easy" way to "feel our best from the inside and out". This skin saviour fruit is rich in Vitamin A, Vitamin B complex and Vitamin C1. Eating them regularly will help get rid of pathogens and excess oil. Not only this, antioxidants in the apple accelerate skin cell rejuvenation. So, what are Dr Simon's three top tips for helping your skin get the most out of this simple ingredient? Firstly, the skin expert suggested that those in pursuit of younger skin should utilise apple juice. Using a cotton ball, women and men can apply the juice of an apple - not concentrated apple juice - all over the skin. They should allow the liquid to dry onto their skin before rinsing it off with hot water. For best results, Dr Simon recommended practising this two or three times per week. His second tip was to use apples for hydration purposes. A naturally hydrating fruit, eating an apple a day will help brighten the skin and prevent dullness. Finally, Dr Simon urged those who want to improve their skin to eat smart. In addition to cold weather, regular consumption of caffeine and alcohol can dehydrate the skin. In a similar vein, sugary foods such as sweets and chocolate break down collagen over time, leading to duller skin. This is why it is essential to balance the occasional unhealthy food choice with healthy foods such as apples. By following these simple tips, people can have their skin looking younger and more vibrant with minimal expenditure, effort or time.