The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge got married in April 2011. While speaking about the wedding day in his upcoming book The Queen, published by the Daily Mirror, Mr Morton wrote the Queen felt the big day was an important milestone for the monarchy following difficult years where her children's marriages failed and Princess Diana was killed in a car crash.  The royal expert said: “The Queen was positively playful on the day of her grandson's nuptials, ‘practically skipping’ according to one observer, absolutely thrilled at the way the public had reacted to the royal newlyweds. “She had a sense that the future of the Royal Family, her family, was now secure. The monarchy was once again held in admiration and affection by the masses.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary last year, with members of the public and Royal Family sharing sweet photographs and anecdotes from the big day. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge started off as friends after meeting at St Andrew's University when they were 19, and with them both living in the same house, their relationship quickly blossomed.   The royal couple tied the knot in 2011, when Kate Middleton’s hair made headlines after the Duchess of Cambridge actually broke a 350-year-old tradition when she chose to wear her hair down. The couple said “I do” in a spectacular ceremony at Westminster Abbey, with Kate wearing an ivory silk tulle Alexander McQueen wedding dress. When the Duke and Duchess announced their engagement in 2010, Prince William said: “Obviously we both have a very fun time together, both have a very good sense of humour about things. “We're down to earth, we take the mickey out of each other a lot, and she's got plenty of habits that make me laugh that I tease her about.” READ MORE:'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV  According to the reports, the royal wedding made history as it broke several protocols from start to finish. In the wedding, Pippa Middleton and Prince Harry were elected Maid of Honour and Best Man. Both of the roles are not supposed to exist in royal weddings but were a part of the ceremony. Apart from this, the wedding saw double kisses that the newlyweds performed for the crowds from the Buckingham Palace balcony. DON'T MISS:Huge tornado strikes Northern Michigan leaving one dead Cost of living crisis leaves hard up British pensioners facing DEATHBoris Johnson and Sue Gray held private meeting