Talks over the Northern Ireland Protocol appear to have reached a stalemate, with little progress made in recent months to allay the fears of Brexiteers and unionists. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss signalled in March the triggering of Article 16 would be put on hold because of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But little more than a month later she admitted it was “clear the Protocol is not working”. The implications are strong, with critics warning a failure to persuade the EU to concede on some points, or even to scrap the deal altogether, could spell the end of the UK. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has stressed: “No-one should unilaterally cancel, break or in any way attack the settlement.” Reports suggest there have also ben warnings that the triggering of Article 16 could spark a trade war. Jacob Rees-Mogg hit back against the claim this week, which he described as particularly wrong given ongoing fears over rising living costs. The Brexit Opportunities Minister told ITV: “Tit-for-tat retaliation of that kind is the economics of the school ground and it would damage British consumers at a time of rising [prices].” Boris Johnson also told the BBC yesterday, on May 11, there was no need for “drama”. The Prime Minister insisted: “This is something that just needs to be fixed.” READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ Brexiteers are particularly frustrated by the requirement for checks on goods arriving in Northern Ireland from other parts of the UK (that is, on internal UK trade). But some fear the recent electoral success of Sinn Fein could result in the Protocol being kept as it is. The party has stressed the deal “is the law” and must be adhered to. Former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib said this could mean there will be “irresistible pressure” resulting in Ministers backing down on the Protocol. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He recently told Express.co.uk: “The rest our Government will blame democracy and shrug their shoulders.” The Brexit Watch Chairman added this was not just a matter of points and percentages but could fundamentally change the makeup of the United Kingdom. He said: “In reality, they [that is, the Government] would have caused the destruction of the UK.” For now, Whitehall is signalling it will not roll over in negotiations with the Brussels bloc. Northern Ireland Minister Conor Burns this week told LBC: “If the EU are saying to us that… there's nothing more to talk about, then we will have to take actions to prioritise stability in Northern Ireland, power-sharing in Northern Ireland, to protect the institutions of the Good Friday Agreement, and that will mean intervention unilaterally, yes.” He added this (there being nothing left to talk about) was not the position of the EU, “I don’t think”.