Piers Morgan took to the airwaves on Monday night on his Uncensored show to call out the Eurovision Song Contest. The UK's entrant Sam Ryder scored an impressive 466 points landing him in the second-place spot, but Piers believed Ukraine could have sent a "dog", and they still would have won the international singing competition. He wasted no time ripping the show apart and slated their victory for being "predictable" and claimed the whole competition was "rigged".  The 57-year-old opened his prime time show segment with: "And the 12 points from all of Europe go to Ukraine. "Well, obviously!" Mocking those who believe Ukraine rightfully won the contest, he proclaimed he was "honestly fine" with the fact the country's win would shine a beacon of hope for the war-stricken country but added: "Why do we have to pretend that it is a song contest? "Let's be honest, Ukraine could have sent one of their mine-sniffing hero dogs to bark the national anthem, and they would have still won." Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'    The Ukrainian rap and folk band Kalush Orchestra won the 2022 title and Piers was far from happy with the outcome. The broadcaster continued: "I'm afraid this predictable landslide was just a gigantic piece of unctuous Euro virtue-signalling. "The TV equivalent of people sticking a Ukraine flag on their Instagram with a hug emoji and thinking they've done their bit." His jabs continued to flow, pointing out the United Kingdom's song was "far superior".    "It stopped Britain winning when we clearly had a far superior song and performer," he remarked. "Which last time I checked was supposed to be the criteria for winning a singing contest." He admitted he has "always loathed Eurovision" and the "rigged farce" would do very little to help "defeat Putin". His controversial thoughts on the contest divided viewers. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show[LATEST]Vera bosses give Brenda Blethyn fans disappointing update on series [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST]   @Johnzeb3 said: "Nothing wrong with showing your support to Ukraine with emoji etc, so disagree with you on that. "But totally agree on the predictable landslide. Last time I watch the song contest was 1990s. It's not a song contest, it's vote for my neighbour show." (sic) @merlinsbeard66 added: "I agree it was a sympathy vote. I hear they have won the World Cup too." "Piers used to judge dancing dogs & plate spinners on @BGT. He knows s**t when he sees it," Mike Hammerswitch commented.    