Campaign group Challenge 2025 found alarming evidence that fuel-powered outdoor garden tools can be more environmentally damaging and emit more toxic particulates than some cars. A new report published by EGO shows that more than 89 percent of tools used by councils in the UK are powered by petrol engines. Collectively, the tools, which are not usually subject to the same standards and testing as road vehicles and are used to maintain public spaces, parks and school playing fields, use more than 600,000 litres of fuel annually. When testing the emissions of a number of popular gardening tools, Challenge 2025 found "alarming results" that petrol-powered leaf blowers emit 11 times more carbon monoxide than an average family car, in this case, it was compared to a Ford Fiesta. Leaf blowers also need as much as half the car's fuel tank capacity to operate, while petrol hedge cutters emit four times more emissions than a Ford Fiesta.  Because of this, they are urging both councils and the public to make the urgent switch to electric or battery-powered garden tools by the year 2025. Last year, the World Health Organisation reported that air pollution is responsible for millions of premature deaths each year, alongside a host of respiratory conditions, infections and diseases. Power generation and combustion engines are believed to be the greatest contributors to air pollution. Meanwhile, Challenge 2025 claimed that the danger to public health is "perhaps more prevalent" with petrol-powered garden tools as they are often hand-held devices generating "toxic emissions" in the user's immediate environment. The pressure group reported that "hearing and breathing problems, tingling sensations and even loss of grip were all recognised by many survey respondents, with 66% of professionals having experienced injuries or health issues associated with the use of petrol-powered tools.  READ MORE: 'Easy win!' Slash your bills and save money with 4 household hacks "So, as well as polluting the outside spaces they’re designed to maintain, petrol tools can cause further health problems". The group also warned of the impacts of the professional use of these tools in "schools, parks and public spaces", which they warn can pose a risk to the health of youngsters. With air pollution among some of the most prevalent risks to public health, policymakers have moved the issue to the top of the agenda in recent years. The Government pledged to phase out petrol and diesel vehicles leading to an outright ban on sales by 2030, but now green experts are urging ministers to go one step further and ban petrol garden tools as well. Emma Gayler, Challenge 2025 ambassador and marketing manager at EGO, previously told Express.co.uk "there is no excuse" to continue using gardening tools that emit so much carbon dioxide.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry 'trying to make world better' for Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT]‘Very dependent’: Eastern Europe in clutches of Russia over gas supply [COMMENT]‘Simple’ ways to ‘save energy’ in the kitchen [ANALYSIS] "Without looking at all contributors to air and noise pollution, you can only solve part of the problem. "These tools are proven to use significant levels of petrol compared to the average car and in some cases even exceed permitted automotive levels of particulates — unbelievable when you think about the effort we’ve made introducing clean air zones into our urban areas! There really is a horrible irony that the tools built to maintain our green spaces are actually harming them". A spokesperson for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities told Express.co.uk: "It is for local authorities to determine what equipment they buy in line with procurement policy. "We don't tell local authorities when or how to replace their power tools so councils make their own decisions. There is no Government mandate on what they buy". They declined to comment when asked whether the Government has plans to bring legislature in to reduce the use of petrol-powered tools.  