Paul Merson has warned Chelsea that they may fall down the same route as Manchester United have with the Glazer family once Todd Boehly is finally announced as the Blues' new owner - whilst also being warned off a move for Raheem Sterling due to their different style of play to Manchester City. Current owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned back in February due to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. With multiple embargoes placed upon the Blues, a new owner has been imperative to their future if they are to continue to compete at the top of the Premier League. Multiple reports have claimed that Boehly is the man who will likely take over the reins from the Russian. But Merson has warned Chelsea fans that he will not follow the status quo in west London in terms of spending. And the former Arsenal star has warned the club that they should steer away from signing Sterling in the summer amid rumours they could move for the City star. "It's a relief for everyone at Stamford Bridge that Todd Boehly's takeover has gone through and they can finally sign players again," Merson told the Daily Mirror. "But Chelsea is just a toy for them to play with. Look at all the other American owners in the Premier League - their US sports teams all do better than the teams they own over here. Look at Stan Kroenke at Arsenal. Why are the LA Rams winning the Superbowl while Arsenal are coming fifth? Because that's where their priorities are. "Look at Manchester United. The Glazers have won the Superbowl with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. But how long is it now since United challenged for the title? Chelsea's new owners are not going to invest the sort of money Roman Abramovich did. Those days are over." On Sterling, he added: "They are stuck with Romelu Lukaku. They won't be able to sell him without making a loss, and who could they get to replace him? Top class centre forwards are scarce. They might go for Raheem Sterling but he plays the Manchester City way. I don't think Raheem Sterling scores 20 goals a season for Chelsea. He likes to arrive late in the box at the far post for a tap-in. "There's an art to that. But I don't see that ball getting whipped across the box like that too often at Chelsea." The Blues finished miles behind league winners City with 19 points separating them at the end of the season. Injuries played their part, but the Blues will need to fix their striking problems given that City have signed Erling Haaland for the start of next season, which could see them fall even further behind in their bid for a first Premier League title since 2017.