The description accompanying one of the entries "advertising" a destroyed bridge in Irpin reads: “You can take a walk and see the picturesque views - but don't forget to look under your feet.” RusMir, which translates to "Russian World", is the name of the mock website filled with images of the atrocities that Putin’s forces have caused to Ukraine. The website was created by Bickerstaff, an indie-creative agency based in Kyiv, with the support of the State Agency for Tourism Development of Ukraine. Valentyna Polovnyka from Bickerstaff, told Express.co.uk that they are using the "Russian World", since this is the concept associated with Russian culture and politics. She went on to explain: “Usually those who have pro-Russian views and defend Russian actions, they support the Russian world (culture, mentality, politics). “This is also the core of Russia's propaganda. “But the Russian world destroys any national identity and completely assimilates peoples to each other through pressure, violence against peoples. “This story is known by all countries of the former Soviet Union. Those who support their identity, their independence.” Another entry on the website advertises a shelled playground, with the remains of a rocket in sight. The heartbreaking caption reads: “New playground with rocket slide. Convenient location, few children…” According to Bickerstaff, the website aims to confront the Russian propaganda, and show the Russian people what the troops are actually doing in Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin forced to launch major 'cover-up' of army losses The agency said: “Most of the Russian audience believe the catastrophe in Ukraine is overrated, refusing the truth of all the photos of destroyed houses and cities.” And they added: “We want to convey the truth to the audience, showing the full scale of the destruction.” Ms Polovnyka told Express.co.uk: “Russia wants to destroy and starts a war. “It happened to us, because we are completely different from the Russians, we are different and we will never accept the Russian world.” DON'T MISS: Putin’s army shamed as Russian soldiers pray for forgivenessPutin tries to tighten grip on Ukraine region by changing currencyPutin 'will attack NATO countries' - Official sends grim warning