Liverpool have reportedly made contact with the entourage of Barcelona winger and Chelsea target Ousmane Dembele, sparking fears that Sadio Mane could be set to announce his departure from Anfield. Entering the final year of his contract, Mane has refused to ease Jurgen Klopp's nerves on the matter, and instead claims that he will reveal all after the Champions League final. Dembele's contract talks have kept Barca on their toes for the past few months, and his camp are adamant that he will not extend beyond June 30 unless given a healthy pay packet. The cash-strapped Catalans are still weighing up whether that will be possible after the flying winger put up tremendous assist numbers under Xavi this season. And his exploits have caught the eye of Liverpool boss Klopp too. At least according to SPORT, who claim that Dembele is already studying a 'proposal' sent by the Reds as they bid to pip Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain to the summer transfer. The Frenchman would be an exciting replacement for Mane, who may yet decide that his future would be best spent away from Anfield. He is entering the final year of his contract, and nothing concrete has yet emerged about the prospect of extending. JUST IN: Real Madrid fans mock Kylian Mbappe ahead of Liverpool Champions League final clash Dembele has not demonstrated the same goal-scoring prowess as Mane, but Klopp has made a habit out of propelling forwards to the next level under his watch. At 25-years-old, the once £136million talent is still viewed to have sky-high potential if he can stay injury-free. A series of stellar performances and a haul of 13 assists in 21 La Liga matches this term have alerted Chelsea, among others, to the prospect of signing him for free. PSG were thought to hold the advantage given their financial capability to meet his wage demands, but Liverpool could make their own statement in the transfer race if they beat Real Madrid in the Champions League final on Saturday evening. DON'T MISS...Barcelona list 10 stars for sale offering Man Utd, Arsenal and Leeds bargainsLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp reflects on 'worst night of his life'Man Utd 'call meeting' with Erik ten Hag after holding talks for Pau Torres Whether they win or lose the clash, Klopp and the fans will presumably be one step closer to knowing Mane's decision, and whether they will even need to splash out on the likes of Dembele this summer. Reports earlier this week claimed the Liverpool star could join Bayern Munich in the summer for a cut-price £25million. The former Southampton forward arrived at Anfield back in 2016, and he has hit double figures in the Premier League in every single season since, scooping up a share of the Golden Boot back in 2018/19. While some interpreted Mane's prolonged reluctance to commit to Anfield as a sign that he does not want to dish out bad news before their mega European showdown, he dropped some recent hints that may suggest otherwise. "The answer I can give you now is I feel very good," he said, according to BBC Sport. "I am fully focused on Saturday's game, that is the answer I must give before the final. But come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It's special. I will give you all you want to hear then." "I love what I am doing and I sacrifice myself all the time. I am working hard every single day on the pitch and in the gym and I get better and better, that's the most important. I am trying my best to help the team." 