Boats set out towards the mouth of the Tees early this morning, with fireworks and flares set off. A flotilla of around 20 vessels from across the East Coast approached to try and disrupt a dredging spoilt site that fishermen say is killing crabs lobsters and their livelihoods. “Stop the poison, stop the dredge” was the chant from the Olivia Rose fishing vessel. ITV News Calendar journalist Jonathan Brown has shared video footage on Twitter of the vessels coming together on the River Tees to protest. In one clip, fishermen can be heard chanting as crowds watch on from the shore. Smoke bombs are also set off in another clip shared by the journalist. In his first tweet this morning, he wrote: "Up early to see the sunrise in Whitby as fishing vessels mobilise for a mass protest.  "It comes as lobsters and crabs populations have been decimated, leaving fishing communities struggling to get by. "I’m on board for a demo over the disputed cause of the issue later." Shortly afterwards, Mr Brown tweeted: "I’m aboard the lead vessel heading to the mouth of the Tees from Whitby. "Part of a convoy of fishing boats preparing to make their feelings known this morning." READ MORE: 'Don't do themselves any favours!' Dorries rages at Channel 4 News  He then shared a video aboard one of the boats, adding fireworks and flares had been set off. The ITV journalist wrote: "This was us leaving Whitby Harbour earlier. "Fireworks and flares were set off as the boats left the area to head north." Mr Brown then explained a group of around 20 boats from throughout the East Coast of England were approaching the mouth of the River Tees. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: 'Breeding mistrust' Furious Varadkar hits out [BLOG]Food crisis: EU's protection of French farmers is coming home to roost [OPINION]M25 traffic MAYHEM: Four miles of gridlock causing hell after crash [LATEST]   The aim was to disrupt a dredging spoilt site they claim is "killing crabs, lobsters and their livelihoods". Sharing a video, he wrote:  "A flotilla of about 20 vessels from across the East Coast is closing in on the mouth of the River Tees to try to disrupt a dredging spoilt site they say is killing crabs, lobsters and their livelihoods." The journalist then shared another video, writing alongside this: “'Stop the poison, stop the dredge' is the chant from the Olivia Rose fishing vessel as crowds gather on the banks of the Tees for a mass protest." Alongside another video, he wrote: "Smoke bombs and flares erupting as the protest reaches the mouth of the Tees."