The Duchess of Cambridge reportedly uses rosehip oil every night to moisturise her skin. Using rosehip oil at night is a great way to easily achieve hydrated and glowing skin. The essential oil has many beauty benefits. It helps fade dark spots, naturally moisturises the skin and has inflammatory properties. Back in 2017, when the Duchess of Cambridge was pregnant with Princess Charlotte, US Weekly reported: "Kate continues to use rosehip oil in her daily skincare regiment," according to a source close to the Duchess. "She loves the effect it has on her skin. READ MORE: Facial yoga practitioner shares 'best' anti-ageing morning routine  "[Her mother] Carole [Middleton] is also a fan," the source told the publication. It is the perfect organic oil for dry skin and it happens to be a very affordable product to add to any skincare routine as rosehip oil can be purchased on Amazon for under £8. The oil can also be used to moisturise the hair as it contains 80 percent essential fatty acids. Rosehip seeds also have antioxidant properties and are rich in vitamin A, which is great for anti-ageing.  Therefore, Kate's favourite oil also reduces wrinkles and helps combat oxidative damage and prevent future damage. Healthline explained: "Rosehips are the fruit of a rosebush. When roses die and are left on the bush, they leave behind bright reddish-orange, spherical fruit. "The tiny edible fruits are thought to pack a powerful medicinal punch." The health site also reported that rosehips "are thought to have more vitamin C than an orange or lemon". It continued: "Vitamin C has antioxidant properties. "Vitamin C also supports collagen production, which helps reduce wrinkling. Finally, vitamin C may increase wound healing and help prevent dry skin." Rosehip oil contains vitamin A, which helps: Reducing and reversing sun damage Reducing wrinkles Reducing hyperpigmentation Treating mild to moderate acne It is believed the royal also likes to use a face flannel to cleanse her face every night. The towel can be used to simply wash the face with a bit of soap or face wash as well as to remove any excess make-up. Face flannels are the perfect option to cleanse the skin and gently exfoliate it at the same time.