The monarch is just days away from a bank holiday weekend marking her historic 70-year reign. Royal historian Hugo Vickers said that if he was in charge of the celebrations, he would arrange for the Queen to step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony as a finale after the Jubilee Pageant alongside Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George. Mr Vickers said an image of the Queen and the three future Kings would "go down in history". Asked what would be the highlight of the Platinum Jubilee, the royal historian told Express.co.uk: "I suspect that whatever photograph comes at the end of the pageant when she's on the balcony. "I don't know but if I was arranging things I would have her there with Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George, just have the four of them there. "I think that would probably be the photograph that will go down in history. But this is a really historic occasion." Mr Vickers added that the 96-year-old head of state, who has recently been suffering with mobility issues, will attend as many events as she can during the four-day weekend. He said: "My prediction is that she will try to get to the thanksgiving service - that's very important at St Paul's Cathedral. "I'm sure she'll come out on the balcony after the pageant. There's no way that they should make her sit through all of that, she can watch it on the television. "Trooping the Colour, I'm sure she'll be on the balcony. There's some talk about her possibly being at the parade. "I believe she wants to light the beacon as well in the evening. "So I'm sure she'll do whatever she can at 96 years old." The Platinum Jubilee celebrations kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. The military spectacle will be followed by a balcony appearance by members of the Royal Family to watch a special flypast. That evening, the royals will watch the lighting of the principal beacon. More than 3,000 beacons are set to be lit across the UK and the Commonwealth. A service of thanksgiving is being held at St Paul's Cathedral in London on Friday, June 3. The Epsom Derby race takes place on Saturday, June 4. There, the monarch is due to be greeted with a guard of honour made of up to 40 of her past and present jockeys. Later on Saturday, members of the Royal Family will attend the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace concert with stars including Queen + Adam Lambert performing. The Jubilee Pageant takes place in central London on Sunday, June 5. The 3km carnival procession featuring a cast of thousands including puppets and celebrities and tributes to the seven decades of the Queen's reign will move down The Mall and past the palace. The finale will feature Ed Sheeran performing, and the singing of the national anthem in front of the Queen's official residence. Street parties and Big Jubilee Lunches are also being staged across the country on the Sunday. A Royal Life by HRH Duke of Kent and Hugo Vickers is out now published by Hodder & Stoughton. 