TEAM NEWS Villarreal XI: Rulli, Estupinan, Torres, Albiol, Foyth, Coquelin, Capoue, Parejo, Lo Celso, Moreno, Dia Liverpool XI: Alisson, Robertson, Van Dijk, Konate, Alexander-Arnold, Thiago, Fabinho, Keita, Jota, Mane, Salah Liverpool will be looking to book their place in the Champions League final tonight. Jurgen Klopp's side will be facing Villarreal in the second leg of the sides' Champions League semi-final, with kick-off in Spain at 8pm. All the action will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport, and you can tune in to the Villarreal Liverpool game by picking up a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This will offer you contract-free access to all BT Sport channels, and you'll be able to tune in via a range of devices such as your laptop, tablet, smartphone or games console. Liverpool head into tonight's game with a 2-0 advantage over Villarreal after securing a win at Anfield in the first leg of the UCL semi-final. But despite this healthy advantage Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has warned that his side - who are chasing a historic quadruple this season - need to be "ready to suffer". Klopp explained: "We have to be ready to play a top game because they will go for us. "They will try to play much more football than we allowed them in the first game. "My only concern is what we do and we have to be ready to suffer. But not going 1-0 down or whatever - that can happen in football matches - but giving the game the right direction. "If they have the first shot on target, the crowd goes up, each challenge, the crowd goes up and that is how it is."  BT Sport has all the action live from the Estadio de la Cerámica today. The Villarreal vs Liverpool match will be broadcast on BT Sport 2. Pre-match build-up begins at 7pm with kick-off at 8pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 