Arsenal are ready to spend around £68million on three of their summer targets, according to reports. Express Sport understands the Gunners will sign Brazilian youngster Marquinhos while reports say Gabriel Jesus and Aaron Hickey are also top targets. Marquinhos, 19, will set Arsenal back around £2.5m, with Sao Paulo forced to sell due to an issue with the player's contract. He will arrive at the Emirates as a player for the future but could feature in pre-season. Transfer reporter Ekrem Konur claims Arsenal have set aside £68m (€80m) for the three signings. That would leave around £65.5m to spend on Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus and Bologna left-back Hickey. However, reports from Italy claim Arsenal have already struck a second signing agreement by finalising a fee with the Serie A side to sign Hickey. CalcioNapoli says that the Gunners will pay between £17m and £21m for the full-back. READ MORE: Alan Shearer blown away by 'sensational' Liverpool performer in FA Cup win  There would be between £44m and £48m remaining to purchase Jesus from the reigning Premier League champions. The Brazilian is out of contract at City at the end of next season but Arsenal are still likely to have to pay a substantial fee, with other clubs also interested in the player. Arsenal's spending is unlikely to stop there. They have already agreed a deal to bring in USA goalkeeper Matt Turner from MLS side New England Revolution. He is likely to come in as deputy to Aaron Ramsdale. Bernd Leno looks set to leave Arsenal in the hope of getting in Germany's World Cup squad later this year after falling out of favour at the Emirates. Jesus may not be the only striker through the doors at London Colney. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah could both leave Arsenal for free, with their contracts coming to an end. DON'T MISSMan Utd stars pulled apart from 'full-on scrap' in training as horror season hits new low [REPORT]Man Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]Man Utd plan shock move for Chelsea star N'Golo Kante after Erik Ten Hag request [RUMOUR]  Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Roma's Tammy Abraham and Lille's Jonathan David have all been linked with the Gunners. They failed to lure Dusan Vlahovic to the club in January, with Juventus winning that race. Juventus star Paulo Dybala is also rumoured to be a target for Mikel Arteta. Dybala is out of contract in the summer but Champions League qualification could be a must to attract a player of his calibre. Arsenal are also in the market for a central midfielder. Leicester star Youri Tielemans and Wolves' Ruben Neves are both on their radar.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here