While Christmas is still seven months away, Call the Midwife are already filming their festive special and Helen George has been confirmed to return to the beloved BBC series. Behind-the-scenes images show Helen as Nurse Trixie Franklin having her hair fixed and a teaser from the show hints she could receive a proposal from widower Matthew Aylward (played by Olly Rix). Could the nurse finally have some happiness? Trixie was last seen making a quick exit from Nonnatus House as she had to take a leave of absence. The nurse, who was just starting a blossoming romance with Matthew, rushed off to Italy to take care of her dying grandmother. Now, with Helen’s return to Call the Midwife, Matthew and Trixie could reunite under the mistletoe. Will Matthew pop the question and declare he can’t live without Trixie? READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Posting on Facebook, Call the Midwife shared a snap of Trixie in a mint green shift dress with a gold pattern. They captioned it: “Hello all! We just LOVE this beautiful shot of Helen preparing to film a scene on our new Christmas Special set. “What will 1968 bring for Trixie? Will her relationship with Matthew continue to blossom? All will be revealed as Series 12 unfolds…” They confirmed: “Call the Midwife returns with a new Christmas Special and Series 12 in 2023.” Call the Midwife fans were also treated to a behind the scenes snap of Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) delivering a newborn. He could be seen in his operating clock and holding a little baby, which had just been born. The photo was captioned: “Dr Turner gets back to baby holding! “The filming of this current festive episode has marked a moving return to business for our cast. DON'T MISS...Jenny Agutter health: Call the Midwife star on 'horrible' shingles [INSIGHT]Helen George husband: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [UPDATE]Megan Cusack age: How old is Call The Midwife's Nancy Corrigan? [EXPLAINER] “The easing of the toughest pandemic restrictions after two long years has meant that our cast are now able to interact more freely once again. “This has been a real joy for our team - but none more so than for our own Dr Turner, actor Stephen McGann, who can now return to his favourite on-set hobby: meeting and holding our adorable newborns!! “During the pandemic there have rightly been tough restrictions placed on close contact with our infants, for fear of virus spread. “One of the consequences of this was that our cast couldn't work directly with the newborn babies. This was a real challenge for a birth drama like ours, but one we faced, like others, as a medical necessity.” The Call the Midwife team explained: “For two years we've had to radically change the way we filmed births - and our cast had to adjust technically to the greater distances involved. “So when we finally had our first birth scene to film in this episode, Stephen took the opportunity to meet his first young star in two years - and our Director of Photography Toby Moore sneaked this shot of that moment.” Call the Midwife will return to BBC One at Christmas.