Predictably much of the media used this as an opportunity to bash Biden and use it as evidence of his apparent senility. More still remarked that such statements risk US lives over something which is not of vital national interest. What exactly this military intervention would look like of course remains up in the air. Apart from anything else however, it is risible to think the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) – with its spies all over the West – would rely solely on a comment to a reporter to assess American willingness to go to war. To be clear, the CCP is absolutely committed to what it sees as retaking Taiwan. The leadership in Beijing has said so again and again, and to not do so could risk an incalculable loss of face. Don’t think that war in Ukraine has put China off. Chinese state media has not stopped telling the people how well it has been going for Russia – a policy likely to embolden Chinese public demands to invade Taiwan. Then there are the logistics. You will hear commentators claim the 100-mile-long Taiwan Strait is impassable for much of the year. Perhaps, but not all of it. Yes, the world would see Chinese forces amassing – just like Russia’s – but it would also take time for US or allied forces to get to Taiwan as well. Critics also point to the huge volume of troops needed for any invasion, even though the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) has 2 million active personnel and 500,000 reserves, with tens of millions in back up if needed, plus a potential army of mercenaries from allies like Pakistan. Taiwan may well present difficulties but the island is still 16-times smaller than Ukraine and could be more easily blockaded to prevent supplies from getting in. Perhaps most importantly though is the national interest question. Apart from the matter of what the US spends its hundreds of billions of defence dollars on if not to defend itself and its allies, Taiwan is part of the ‘first island chain’ which effectively blocks Chinese domination of the ocean. Lose Taiwan to China and the US could lose the Western Pacific. Lose the Western Pacific - and apart from the huge loss of credibility among Asia-Pacific allies like Australia and Japan, and all the implications for them – and the US has lost its role as guarantor of the sea lanes, a huge component of the dominance of the dollar, a crown jewel of US economic might. Sticking with economics, any hopes the US has of ‘decoupling’ from China would take an enormous hit if Taiwan fell, given its outsized role in the semiconductor industry. Ending overreliance on Taiwan is not an overnight task either, any more than moving manufacturing away from China would be. Americans and US allies may claim their governments should fix problems at home first. But this assumes Taiwan would not become their problem. Moreover, it is exactly this kind of insularity which gives China confidence. This is not to say the US should get involved, but Americans and American allies must understand the implications if they don’t as much as if they do. The will-they-won’t-they nature of US policy towards Taiwan – strategic ambiguity – was perhaps always going to give way to strategic clarity. Yes, US involvement could be catastrophic but so too could non-involvement. Frankly, the UK, US and others should never have become so dependent on China for manufacturing. Unfortunately, the West is now paying for its earlier greed, and the US finds itself between a rock and a hard place on the matter. The best hope the US and its allies have is preventing China but, given that nuclear weapons frightened Washington away from confrontation with Russia, the CCP - and North Korea - will likely feel more emboldened, not less. China is not building up its military, militarising islands near Taiwan, signing a security pact with the Solomon Islands (near to Australia) and apparently discussing a pact with Kiribati (near to the US state of Hawaii) for a laugh. There is a purpose behind this. China wants Taiwan, and unlike Russia over Ukraine, has made this crystal clear. Gaffe or otherwise, Biden’s statement pointed to a reality – a reality Americans must soon start to contend with.