As the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is the next royal in the line to the throne. Due to the Queen's ongoing health struggles, particularly her mobility, the heir to the throne has been seen representing the monarch at various events over the past few months. Speaking on Fox Business, former Brexit party leader Nigel Farage discussed the heir and how his role is changing in preparation for his role as future king. Fox Business' Stuart Varney asked Mr Farage: "I think when the Queen could not appear at the opening of Parliament, Prince Charles and Prince William took over and that to me was the beginning of the changing of the guard, what do you say?". Mr Farage replied: "I think it really is, it's a really sad moment. He added that it was the first time the Queen had not opened parliament since 1963 and that then it was because "she was heavily pregnant". Mr Farage said: "It looks as though Prince Charles is becoming Prince Regent which means he will deputise for the Queen on big state occasions, on big international visits with US Presidents or whatever it may be. READ MORE: Queen cuts major role from Trooping the Colour to save Prince Andrew from embarrassment "I mean, she is 96, I am told for palace insiders that had a small accident a few months ago, which has made walking very difficult, but good news though, she is absolutely with it, she's on the ball, she's holding conferences, she's on the telephone, she is, physically in herself, quite well, she's just got trouble walking. He added: "One thing the Queen doesn't want us to see is her being pushed around in a wheelchair so yes, it is a changing of the guards, you are right. "Don't forget, starting on the 2nd of June until the 6th of June, we have four days of national celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee. "I am sure somehow she will make it out onto the balcony at Buckingham Palace". READ MORE: BBC bias row erupts as anti-monarchists ramp up pressure over Queen's Jubilee coverage It has previously been reported that the Queen is limiting the Platinum Jubilee Trooping the Colour balcony lineup to working members of the royal family only. Her decision was made "after careful consideration". A source from Buckingham Palace has previously suggested that the Queen’s attendance at Platinum Jubilee events will not be confirmed until the day in question. This is in line with a new strategy reportedly being employed by royal aides. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [VIDEO] This strategy is in place to reportedly aim to avoid any misunderstanding or overshadowing the event on the day itself. The Queen has been forced to cancel a host of engagements in recent months due to her ongoing health and mobility issues. The decision for her to not attend the State Opening of Parliament was noted as due to “episodic mobility problems”. In February, the Queen tested positive for Covid-19. Speaking out following her recovery from the virus, the Queen revealed that Covid left her "very tired and exhausted".