Liz Truss told her EU counterpart Maroš Šefčovič that the long-standing negotiations to find a compromise will end within days unless the bloc widens its negotiating mandate, according to Politico. It came after Democratic Unionist Party politicians refused to appoint new ministers after Sinn Fein’s historic win in the Northern Ireland election last Thursday. Sinn Fein are in favour of the trade border created between Northern Ireland and the EU, but Unionist politicians and the UK Government are not. The DUP has refused to make the appointments until checks on Irish Sea border on goods between Britain and Northern Ireland are done away with. The EU proposed relaxing checks on goods crossing the makeshift border, which have been flatly rejected by Ms Truss. She claimed their plans “would worsen the current trading arrangements and lead to everyday items disappearing from shelves” and lead to “other unacceptable burdens on business”. READ MORE: 'No other solution!' EU leader threatens to 'revoke' Brexit The UK is expected to begin domestic legislation to scrap elements of the controversial treaty if concessions are not made by the EU. Ms Truss wants to remove checks entirely on goods destined to stay in Northern Ireland as well as overhaul VAT and governance arrangements. Speaking at a press conference in Sweden yesterday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “The most important agreement is the 25-year-old Belfast/Good Friday Agreement. “That is crucial for the stability of our country, of the UK, of Northern Ireland and that means things have got to command cross-community support. “Plainly the Northern Ireland Protocol fails to do that and we need to sort it out.” A Number 10 spokesperson downplayed the concept of a strict deadline being given to the EU. The spokesperson said: “We absolutely haven’t given up. We are working extremely hard to find real solutions to this. “But what is clear is that the EU’s proposals as they stand do not fix the underlying problems with the Protocol. In some cases they make things worse.” DON'T MISSGB News: Farage blasts hated Brexit deal [REPORT]EU 'playground tactics' spark warning over hated Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Britain won't impose 'tit-for-tat' tariffs amid EU trade war concerns [REPORT] It’s unlikely such an ultimatum will go down well with the EU. Mr Šefčovič, issued a blunt statement on Tuesday warning the protocol was a “cornerstone” of the wider withdrawal agreement and “its renegotiation is not an option”. Simon Coveney, Ireland's minister for foreign affairs, warned that the threat to rip up checks had already “gone down very badly” in Brussels. He said the bloc would likely respond with legal action if it was enacted. He said: “What the EU can’t do is not react to a breach of international law, to an undermining of a Withdrawal Agreement that has a significant impact on the EU as well as the UK.” The EU has also said the plans could undermine the united front between the bloc and Britain due to Vladimir Putin’s war in Ukraine.