According to recent reports, Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, may be taking part in an at-home docuseries with Netflix. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a multi-million pound deal with the streaming giant two years ago, soon after their unexpected exit from the Royal Family. Their first project, ‘Heart of Invictus’ — a series showcasing the journeys of Invictus Games competitors — is expected to be released this year.  The couple are said to have invited Netflix cameras into their home in Montecito, California, to film private moments. A producer told Page Six: “The timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air.” Following their exit from the Firm, the Sussexes have pursued multiple commercial ventures. Alongside their Netflix contract, Meghan and Harry have been signed by Spotify, teamed up with Oprah Winfrey for an Apple TV+ docu-series and entered the world of publishing.  Initially, the Duke and Duchess hoped to include a commercial element in their existing royal roles, but this proposal was later rejected by the Queen. However, according to one royal expert, Meghan never intended to stay in the Royal Family. Howard Hodgson claimed that like Harry’s late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, Meghan liked the “idea of being a princess”, but that the former Hollywood actress knew that the role would not be for her. He told Express.co.uk: “I’m sure Diana just genuinely did not understand that being a princess is a horrible thing: you can’t go to the loo without having someone standing outside the door, you do the same things every day on the same dates every year for the rest of your life and you have to be polite to everybody all the time.  “So I think she found out quite quickly that this is not Cinderella. “But I think Meghan knew that the whole time and she just had no intention of staying.” Until last month, Meghan had not returned to the UK since her and Harry’s exit. But in a low key trip across the pond, the Duke and Duchess visited Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Queen. DON'T MISS: Queen attendance uncertain for rest of Jubilee [NEWS]Royal Family 'has 'become a show' that is 'dangerous' for Britain [OPINION]Harry spotted playing polo in Cali sunshine [PICTURES]  Following their visit, the Sussexes were reportedly invited to join the Royal Family during Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Next month, a four-day weekend of nationwide festivities will mark the monarch’s monumental milestone. It will kick off with Trooping the Colour — the Queen’s birthday parade — which will see the highly-anticipated iconic royal balcony scene. While Meghan and Harry will not appear on Buckingham Palace balcony, they have been invited to attend other Jubilee events.  A spokesperson for the couple said they were “excited and honoured” to attend the celebrations. It will be the first time three-year-old Archie has set foot on British soil since he left for Canada with his parents in November 2019. Lilibet, who was born in California last June, has never been to the UK or met the vast majority of her British family. Russell Myers, the royal editor at the Daily Mirror, speculated the Duke and Duchess will attend the Platinum Jubilee service with an extensive crew of Netflix production members to secure content for their documentary.  Speaking with Australian network 9 News, he said: “No matter how much they are against it, they still need to be seen as royal. “Netflix has paid them a huge amount of money and haven’t seen anything in the way of content. “Spotify still hasn't seen any content, we’re still waiting for these podcasts from Meghan. “Meghan has been dumped from Netflix for her premier debut. “No doubt they will have a Netflix crew in tow following them in the UK and I’m sure the Royals are terrified.”