Richard Madeley shared his experience with the higher costs after it was announced inflation had risen to nine percent in April. The increase was the highest the UK recorded in over 40 years and comes as Britons face a spike in bills, fuel, and food prices. The Good Morning Britain presenter discussed the announcement as a staggering graphic detailed the trend of inflation in the UK from the 1980s until its latest peak last month. Explaining the graphic, financial analyst Louise Cooper said: "If you speak to businesses, retail businesses, they are talking about the cost. Here's a chart of the history of inflation, a 40-year high at nine percent this morning. "The peak in the 1970s was due to the oil price soaring because of the Middle East embargo on America. "Then we had Black Wednesday in 1992 when sterling was thrown out of the exchange rate mechanism. JUST IN: UK recession fears erupt as inflation hits 40-year high: 'Absolutely devastating' "Then we had Bank of England being given independence, that means interest rates no longer being set by the Government but by the independent Bank of England, that happened under the chancellorship of Gordon Brown and now we have this 40-year high." The Office for National Statistics said consumer price inflation was probably last higher sometime around 1982. Chancellor Rishi Sunak said countries around the world were being hit by high inflation and the jump in the British data for April reflected last month's increase in regulated energy tariffs. The Institute for Fiscal Studies economic think tank suggested the inflation rate experienced by the poorest household could be closer to 11 percent. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak 'to offer up to £600' discount to millions this winter Analysts Heidi Karjalainen and Peter Levell said: "As poorest households spend more of their total budget on gas and electricity, we now see inflation hitting the poorest households harder. "In April, the bottom 10 percent of the population in terms of income faced a rate of an inflation rate of 10.9 percent, which was three percentage points higher than the inflation rate of the richest 10 percent. "Most of this difference comes from the fact that the poorest households spend 11 percent of their total household budget on gas and electricity, compared to 4 percent for the richest households." DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money-saving tips [INSIGHT] READ MORE: Rishi Sunak 'to offer up to £600' discount to millions this winter Despite growing calls for the Government to do more to tackle rising costs, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss resisted calls to impose a windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas giants. She said the move would make it "difficult to attract future investment into our country". Ms Truss acknowledged that inflation is "extremely high", and there is "no doubt" things are "very difficult for people across Britain and in fact across the world" owing to "global headwinds". But she told Sky News: "The problem with a windfall tax is it makes it difficult to attract future investment into our country. So there is a cost in imposing a tax like that. "And my view is lower taxes are the best way to attract more investment, to get the businesses into this country that can create these high paid jobs, which is what we need to face down these global headwinds."