Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Emmerdale in recent weeks, rather being a supporting character to some of the main players including Liam Cavanagh's (Johnny McPherson) reaction to Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) trial and her husband, Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) feud with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). It's therefore time for the beloved villager to take the centre stage in a new plot on the ITV soap and it could be quite scandalous to be running alongside Faith's (Sally Dexter) current predicament. But when her mother in law finds out who reported her to the authorities, the Dingle family could be at war as they could start to turn on one another. In next week's episodes Faith is hitting self-destruct after failing to win over her son, Cain, after getting into another argument with him. As her daughter, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), also seemingly wants nothing to do with her mother, the villager is at her wit's end. Needing to take out her frustrations on something, or someone, Faith eyes up one of Amelia Spencer's (Daisy Campbell) dumbbells. Instead of using it for physical exercise, she decides to launch it through the window of Dan Spencer's (Liam Fox) front door. The matriarch of the Dingle family does this as she knows sleeping with Dan is what has turned her children against her. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Witnessing the whole thing, Moira is absolutely appalled and can't believe her mother in law would do such a thing considering she is trying to make amends with her family. Although the Dingles don't turn on one another, Moira could believe she wants to do right by her husband, who has struggled to see eye to eye with his mother recently. Thinking she can sort out two problems at once, the farm owner could report her Faith to the police for causing criminal damage. In such a state of rage, Faith would become even more furious to discover she is being escorted out of the village by the police. She would have no idea who reported her but when she sees Moira's smiling face as she's being carted off, Faith would have no doubt who her new enemy is. When Moira tells Cain about what she did, he mightn't care as he is close to disowning Faith as his mother completely and he would think that's where she belongs. After being charged with criminal damage and taking on a fine as her punishment, Faith would want a face to face meeting with Moira. Having seemingly gotten along in the past, Faith would want to know why her daughter in law thought it was her right to betray her. The mother of four would explain the pain Faith has caused her son Cain and how much Moira has had to put up with because of her outlandish behaviour. She would ad she thought her mother in law being reported to the police would teach her a lesson to think of the bigger picture to her actions. DON'T MISS...Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [COMMENT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [COMMENT] Although feeling betrayed, Faith would understand where Moira is coming from and this is when Faith could open up about her secret. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the producer of the show, Laura Shaw, explained how the two women will confide in each other. The soap boss said: "Faith has a huge, big and shocking secret. "That’s revealed to Moira and she becomes the one who discovers it first, there are some touching scenes between those two coming up." Will Moira regret turning her mother in law into the police after discovering what she has been hiding and will she encourage Faith to be open with the rest of her family? It seems whatever could be revealed, Cain will still be determined to get rid of his unruly mother Faith by whatever means. Speaking last year following Faith's return to the village, the actor who plays Cain, Jeff, said: "He's determined to see the back of her, as he doesn’t want her to let him down again. "No other character in the history of Emmerdale has the same effect on him as Faith, and I think that goes back to when she walked out on him as a child. "He’s crying out for his mother’s love, but he doesn’t want to make himself vulnerable again. Cain works in black and white a lot of the time. "You’re either on his side, or you’re not," he told Inside Soap Magazine and he and Moira could come to blows over the matter. Moira has betrayed Cain once before over his mother as she voted not to disown Faith from the Dingle family upon her return to the village last year. If his wife turns against him again because of what she knows about Faith, he could force her to choose between him and his mother. Jeff said: "He felt betrayed by Moira’s vote, but really she knows Cain better than anyone and realises the truth behind his feelings towards his mum." Can Moira finally get her husband to open up about his true feelings for his mother and how much he really does love her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.