Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have confirmed they will attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations along with their children. The scheduled June visit to the UK, which comes after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a secret visit to the Queen last month before travelling to The Hague, Netherlands for the Invictus Games, will mark the first time the 96-year-old monarch has met the couple’s daughter, Lilibet Diana, 11 months. Harry will be hoping that relations between his wife and the Royal Family can be mended after a tense few years. The Duke may be apprehensive about the visit, not least because he doesn't enjoy "stuffy" royal engagements. This claim was made in the biography of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Finding Freedom. Authors Carolyn Durand and Omid Scobie note in the 2020 book: "Not one for pomp and circumstance, [Prince Harry] never liked certain 'stuffy' engagements, like state banquets at Buckingham Palace, or the overly formal attire they sometimes required. "To this day, Harry doesn't like wearing a tie." Harry also doesn't enjoy the media attention that comes with such events, the authors claimed. According to the book, Harry once told a friend: "I'm tired of people covering engagements and then going off to write some rubbish about what someone is wearing." All of these grievances coincided with Harry's general dislike of the fanfare that comes alongside being born into royalty. Prior to stepping back from his royal roles earlier this year, Harry structured his life to try and avoid this "pomp and circumstance," especially when it came to his choice of friends. The book states: "[Harry] grew up into a young man most at ease around close friends and people not overly impressed with his royalty." According to The Sun, the Duke and Duchess, Lilibet, and the couple’s son – three-year-old Archie – will stay in their old home, Frogmore Cottage, during their time in the UK. READ MORE: GB News' Nana Akua laughs as she blasts Meghan Markle Jubilee snub The outlet reported that “heightened security measures” are already being put in place ahead of the Sussexes arrival. The couple lived in the Windsor home before they stepped back from their roles in the Royal Family and relocated to the US in April 2020. While Harry and Meghan will join the celebrations, Mr Scobie said yesterday that the couple didn't think it "appropriate" to appear on the balcony. However, he did say they were "very keen" to be part of other celebrations. DON'T MISS Meghan will be using 'not very glamorous' oil when travelling to UK Prince Harry's Jubilee plan offers clue about feared memoir Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'need to top up brand with royalty' Writing about the decision for Yahoo, Mr Scobie said: "As is often the case, the reality is much less severe when you hear that Prince Harry had already spoken with his grandmother about the possibility of not attending Trooping the Colour long before last week's announcements. "I’m told by a source that the Duke of Sussex had actually expressed some time ago that he and Meghan were very keen to be a part of the Jubilee engagements, including the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, but less so for the formal balcony moment, which was felt on both sides to be more appropriate for their lives prior to stepping back." You can buy Finding Freedom here.