Kate Middleton and Prince William are reportedly wanting to be known by their first names and not their official royal titles following their royal Caribbean tour. It has been suggested that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are keen to modernise the monarchy, by removing bows, curtsies and other royal protocols. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about these potential changes. Judi said: “This ‘call me Wills’ idea to appear less formal and stuffy might have sounded like a simple gesture of intent to the royal couple. “But it would in reality be an exercise in re-branding that risks looking and sounding superficial and even slightly ridiculous. “It could also appear to be a sign of weakness. “It was relatively recently that William and Kate seemed rather emphatic in their references to Kate being referred to as Catherine, suggesting they were prepping for the formality of a more royal role. READ MORE: Camilla not allowed to 'throw wobblies' post marriage - expert claims “Flipping about like this could seem like pandering to public opinion or even looking to emulate Harry and Meghan,” she suggested. “The couple are a little too well-established now to make any change seem natural. “William is a formal guy who has always swerved any of the fashion looks of his age group and Kate literally shines in her smarter coat dresses and elegant evening gowns. “If the couple do want to nudge rather than push people into perceiving them as less formal and stuffy they should probably work on their body language. DON'T MISS...Kate & William’s relationship is 'successful' for two reasons [EXPERT]Queen Letizia has ‘instilled a strong sense of duty’ in her children [COMMENT]Prince Harry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan [VIDEO] “Both project a sense of elegant, polite charm mixed with a hint of social shyness and awkwardness in William’s case. “Neither project contagious confidence,” Judi remarked. “For a lesson in that they might like to look at their cousin Zara who looks naturally, spontaneously happy in any situation, from royal to sporting. “But in many ways it will be a pity to see William and Kate rushing to re-brand in any way that is unnatural to them. “The best changes come from within and are registered by what we see rather than what is announced. “Their popularity is also pretty high and they don’t need to start wearing trainers with their suits or for Kate to be seen hoisted aloft on Williams' shoulders at Glastonbury to project a ‘less stuffy’ image,” the expert claimed. It comes after an unnamed source said Kate and William want to “move with the times”. “They want to be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy and breakaway with a lot of the tradition,” the source said. “When the team arrived back in London [from their royal Caribbean tour] the couple had a debrief with aides. “They went over everything and pinpointed specific things that went wrong and how to improve moving forward. “The general consensus was that the tour seemed out of date, out of touch, too formal and stuffy. “So now it’s more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing. “They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and breakaway with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy,” the Sunday Mirror reported.