Paramount Network’s hit western series Yellowstone came to an end in January and season four saw an epic brawl between two ranch hands. Reflecting on the unexpected scene, star Jake Reem shared his reaction and what went on behind the scenes  Season four came to an unexpected end which saw Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) get one up on her brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). Throughout the instalment, the Dutton family had been fighting off land developers, casino moguls and The Broken Rock reservation who wanted a piece of the ranch. This was because the Dutton’s Montana ranch was the largest ranch in the United States, however, it had been in the family for seven generations, and they had no interest in selling it. However, there was also a major feud brewing between the workers on the ranch, specifically Lloyd (played by Forrie J Smith) and Walker (Ryan Bingham). READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker In the episode titled ‘Winning or Learning’ tensions boiled over as the two engaged in an unexpected fistfight. This resulted in the oldest ranch hand, Lloyd, being left beaten up at the hands of Walker after frustrations got intense and he could no longer bite his tongue. It all kicked off when Lloyd, Walker, and the other ranch hands were herding the cattle for doctoring. Although the herd had pink eye, which risked the health of the other animals on the Ranch, Lloyd insisted on taking the animal to the arena to make doctoring easier.  After noticing this, Walker disagreed and suggested they should do it somewhere else to avoid putting the other animals at risk. After telling him and those who agreed with him to “shut up,” Walked asked: “Who made you boss, when boss is gone?” Even though he held back and bit his tongue to keep the peace, things got physical later on in the evening at the bunkhouse. In a behind the scenes interview, actor Jake shared his reaction to Lloyd jumping up and smashing the guitar in anger.  DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move around [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Kayce to abandon Dutton Ranch after clue? [THEORY] He stated: “We knew he was going to smash the guitar and our backs were kind of to him but I didn’t think he was going to smash it like he smashed it. The actor remarked: “It almost made me jump and fall out of my chair.” “Pieces were flying and hitting everybody in the head and everyone after that, people started hiding under the table and Forrie came in there and grabbed the guitar,” laughed Ryan. Another reason for their feud was because they were both in a love triangle with Laramie (Hassie Harrison) and battling for her affection.  Although Rip (Cole Hauser) never took a liking to Walker, he had a golden rule on the ranch about fighting and stated if anyone wanted to fight, they would also have to take him on. As tensions had gone past the boiling point, the rule appeared to have escaped Lloyd’s mind once again in episode six. Lloyd not only attacked Walker but ended up smashing his prized guitar before stabbing him in the chest with a knife. Fans will have to wait to see if Lloyd and Walker could ever overcome the issues when Yellowstone returns, thankfully season five will be going into production later this year. Yellowstone is available on Paramount Plus in the USA and is available in the UK on Pluto TV. 