Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is reportedly set to be promised the six summer signings he desires, but could still quit the club as he considers whether to spend another year away from his family. Spurs have been left in the lurch regarding the Italian's future, and they are understandably keen to see him stick around after he sensationally fired them to fourth spot. The Lilywhites were out of the picture when Conte took charge in November, succeeding Nuno Espirito Santo. After a shaky start, the Italian found real momentum towards the end of the season, and they sealed fourth spot with an emphatic 5-0 win over Norwich on Sunday. With that comes qualification for next season's Champions League, and the ability to attract top-class players in the transfer market. Conte is thought to want a handful of them as he strives not just to finish fourth, but to launch a meaningful bid for titles and silverware. The Telegraph claim that sporting director Fabio Paratici will soon fly to Italy to deliver the good news that Spurs are willing to sanction six new arrivals this summer. One key element, however, remains out of the club's hands. JUST IN: Real Madrid plot Raheem Sterling move after double blow leaves Florentino Perez seething The former Inter Milan and Chelsea boss has been living away from his family in a central London hotel since taking over in north London. With only one more year on his contract, it seems unlikely that he would uproot his family just for next season. Conte is currently taking time out in his native Italy to mull over his options. "There is a lot of emotion in my mind, my heart now," he admitted after victory over Norwich. "For this reason, it would be good to rest for four or five days, meet the club and find the best possible solution." Although the promise of new faces will help Tottenham's case, Conte is also set to want assurances over the quality of the signings and the influence he has over who is brought in. On the summer priority list are the arrivals of two new wing-backs, a centre-back, midfielder, versatile attacker and back-up goalkeeper. Regarding the latter, Southampton's Fraser Forster is set to complete a medical as part of a free transfer. A bolstered squad will be essential for Spurs next season as they must cope with the demands that come with playing in the Champions League. Getting there seemed unlikely at the turn of the year, but having pipped north London rivals Arsenal to the post, Conte allowed himself a pat on the back after his side's exploits at Carrow Road. "It was a big achievement for myself, for the players and for the club," he added. "In a short time, I worked a lot with my players to bring this club to play in the Champions League. "I want to consider this qualification like a trophy. In my mind, my heart, my head, I know what we did in these seven months. I want to celebrate and we’ll have time to speak with the club about everything."