Queen Elizabeth II, 96, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee next week, marking 70 years since she took the throne. Britain’s longest-serving monarch succeeded her father King George VI as Sovereign aged just 25 after his untimely death in 1952. During her historic and record-breaking reign the Queen has interacted with dozens of world leaders from Winston Churchill to Nelson Mandela. Ahead of the Jubilee, royal historian Hugo Vickers has picked out some of Her Majesty’s most significant moments on the global stage, and has taken an in-depth look at the unrivalled form of “soft power” the monarch has offered successive British governments. The Twentieth Century biographer, who knows Her Majesty personally, has helped plan several of the Queen’s jubilees and has also worked to promote the upcoming Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Vickers picked out the Queen and Prince Philip’s historic six-day tour of Japan in 1975, which came just 30 years after the end of World War 2, as a shining example of her “bravery”. The royal couple’s visit to Japan required 50,000 policemen and women, compared to US President Gerald Ford’s trip a year earlier, which required more than 160,000 officers armed with tear gas guns. Mr Vickers said: “President Ford had been in Japan shortly before and they had thousands of policemen brought in to protect him. JUST IN: 'Most down-to-earth' Kate left 'in stitches' when mistaken for Prince William's assistant “He drove around in a dark-glassed car. The Queen and Prince Philip drove in an open limousine holding onto a bar right through the streets of Tokyo. The Japanese absolutely loved it. “At the time when that was happening, that was considered to be very, very brave and different from what anybody else had done. “But the Queen is a great believer in being seen, she doesn’t like being driven around in dark cars.” The Queen and Philip sipped green tea in Kyoto’s Katsura Imperial Villa Garden, visited temples and rode on a 140mph bullet train during their packed Japan schedule. The tour was considered a success and was only marred by a four-day strike by transport workers over their wages, which altered the royals’ travel plans. While the Queen and Philip were greeted by Emperor Hirohito and Empress Nagako on their arrival in Japan, Her Majesty did not discuss the war with the ruler, according to an archive article by Japan Today. The subject was incredibly sensitive given that the Emperor had presided over wartime Japan which had kept 140,000 Allied prisoners of war – around a third of whom died – and had been allied with Nazi Germany. Remembering the tour, Mr Vickers suggested that there was major animosity towards Japan in post-war Britain and the allied nations. He said: “I like to think back to some of the earlier ones like Japan, because the Japan thing was a big issue when I was growing up. “A lot of people wouldn’t do business with the Japanese because they tortured our prisoners of war. DON'T MISS: Queen welcomes 'commoners' marrying into Royal Family after Sarah Ferguson 'disaster' [LATEST]'Very bizarre!' Ant and Dec once had royal sleepover at Prince Charles' house [INSIGHT]Queen kissed by Boris Yeltsin: Russian President's ‘gallant gesture’ that left its mark [ANALYSIS] “People would not talk to them, and they did not approve of Emperor Hirohito coming here and I’m sure they didn’t madly approve of the Queen going to Japan. “But it was a very successful visit.” Hirohito was repaying the favour for the Queen and Philip after he had been hosted by them in Britain in 1971. His trip was hugely controversial and his motorcade was reported to have been hit by objects thrown by members of the public. Although the Queen did not mention the war when she went to Japan, she did allude to the past when she toasted Hirohito in Buckingham Palace’s gold state ballroom. She said: “We cannot pretend that the past did not exist. We cannot pretend that the relations between our two peoples have always been peaceful and friendly. “However, it is precisely this experience which should make us all the more determined never to let it happen again.”