Don't underrate what a huge achievement this is. Davina was warned making a programme about menopause risked career suicide, but she went ahead and did it anyway. Brave woman - because I absolutely know how hard it was for a woman on TV to talk about "the change". It's not that there were rules forbidding it, more that a pall of shame shrouded the whole subject, because it represented the messy side of femininity, the messy side of sex that no one wanted to think about. Childbirth was okay. That was untidy and bloody too, but childbirth meant you were young and fertile, profoundly feminine and ergo goddess-like. Menopause meant the opposite; your body was drying up, you were old and sexless, a useless crone. So media women of my generation left it alone, knowing male viewers didn't want to know about the changes reducing their wives and mothers to "sexless hags". I'm not exaggerating - male TV reviewers in the Nineties and Noughties would regularly sneer about menopausal women on the box. It was a cruel, laddish joke. So when I went through a horrendous menopause, bleeding profusely throughout live morning shows, feeling anxious and depressed with no confidence in myself, I wouldn't have dreamt of talking about it, or explaining why I was so unhappy and looked so unwell. A hysterectomy saved me, and I had HRT which helped. It was so difficult to talk about though. In one of our phone-ins a woman about to undergo a hysterectomy was terrified of the effect on her sex life. She meant - but was too embarrassed to say - that she thought she mightn't be able to have an orgasm any more. I knew she would, but such was the taboo that I simply couldn't bring myself to get into the graphic detail on air. Thanks to Davina, that's all over. She deserves a medal. A CBE for the HRT. ---------- How strange this week to be conscious of two women linked by one dress; both at the apex of fame, yet fundamentally divided by time and culture. At the increasingly decadent spectacle that is New York's Met Gala, which becomes a more dissolute vanity circus every year, Kim Kardashian wore the original dress in which Marilyn Monroe sang "Happy Birthday, Mr President" to JFK in 1962. Marilyn was in love with him, as everyone who watches that clip will be aware. The breathy voice, her incredible sexuality in a clinging flesh-coloured frock that looked desperate to drop off her quivering body, said it all. At the Met, Kim Kardashian in the same dress looked hard and toned where Marilyn was soft and yielding; Kim was powerful and tough, the essence of modern glamour, while Marilyn exuded vulnerability. But sex appeal? Marilyn's star will always shine brighter. ---------- Apropos menopause and ageing hags, Australian researchers say women's passport photos become more aggressive as they age. After 50 our faces appear broader, and humans see wide faces as threatening. The poor Aussies got quite scared, bless them, rating us more frightening than men of the same age. Oh well. At the rate our dozy Passport Office is dealing with its vast backlog of applications, you may not be able to go abroad this summer, but at least you'll be spared the sight of your truculent mug. -----------