Despite finishing second to Max Verstappen in the inaugural Miami Grand Prix, Charles Leclerc is revelling in his spell as Formula 1's pace-setter. The Ferrari driver's lead at the standings summit shrunk to 19 points following Sunday's second-place finish, but Leclerc was quick to spot positives amid a gloomy streak. The Monegasque won two of the first three races this season in what was a dreamy start for Ferrari, particularly as rivals Red Bull and Mercedes struggled off the start line. But the cracks started to show after a sixth-place finish in the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, the only race this season in which Leclerc has failed to finish among the top two. Red Bull ace and Formula 1 titleholder Verstappen, meanwhile, appears to have found his rhythm and just became the first driver this year to win consecutive races. After triumphing at Imola last month, the Dutchman clinched history in Florida when he won the first race of its kind at the Hard Rock Stadium. Verstappen made his move early to disrupt Ferrari's one-two start and successfully held the lead for more than 45 laps after overtaking Leclerc. Despite recent setbacks, however, Ferrari's poster boy would rather be pursued than assume the role of hunter. READ MORE Martin Brundle fuming after clips of awkward Miami GP grid walk go viral on social media  "We have been in only one position since the beginning which means we are hunted for now," Leclerc said after Sunday's result, where he failed to convert pole position into victory for the first time in 2022. "I quite like this because it means we are doing something right. "It is two races that the gap is slowly closing down. I just want to be the most competitive, and at the moment it seems Red Bull have the upper hand in the races." DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton 'might have minor surgery' as Ted Kravitz shares update after Miami GP Toto Wolff makes stark admission Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will not be happy with Max Verstappen served warning from Red Bull chief Helmut Marko after Miami victory   Verstappen once again used DRS to his advantage to get the jump on Leclerc in Miami, but his Ferrari counterpart wasn't able to return the favour. The RB18 looked the superior specimen in sweltering temperatures, suggesting Red Bull's engineers are progressing the car well after some early obstacles this season. Only once before has Verstappen managed to win three F1 races in a row, a feat he can match with victory at the Spanish Grand Prix come May 22. The lead remains with Leclerc for the time being, but his old karting nemesis is ramping up pressure at the front of the pack.