State pension payments will not be the same for everyone across the country. This is because they are usually based on a person’s National Insurance record throughout their lifetime. National Insurance contributions and credits can be built up either through work, or receipt of key benefits. A person’s National Insurance record is used to determine what they will get. This means individuals may be able to increase the amount of state pension they receive. But how can this be done? Fortunately, there are four key steps a person may be able to employ to boost the sum. READ MORE: Pensioners hit back at Rishi Sunak’s new £300 payment - 'pittance!' Individuals can keep working and paying National Insurance contributions. This can be done until a person reaches state pension age - at which point they will not have to pay NI at present. It could help them to reach the contributions needed to unlock the full state pension sum. DON'T MISSPensioners warned 850,000 older Britons may miss out on £650 payment [INSIGHT]Premium Bonds unpacked as your chances of winning increase [UPDATE]Woman, 63, unplugging all her plug sockets before going to work [EXCLUSIVE] National Insurance credits can help Britons to fill gaps in their NI record. These credits may increase the amount of new state pension a person gets when they reach state pension age. It is worth checking eligibility for these credits on the Government website. Certain individuals could fill gaps in their NI record by paying voluntary National Insurance contributions. People can usually only pay for gaps in their record from the past six years, although currently, Britons have until April 5, 2023 to make up for gaps between April 2006 and April 2016. This is the case for men born after April 5, 1951 or women born after April 5, 1953. However, voluntary contributions do not always increase the sum and so Britons should check with the Future Pension Centre before paying. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some may choose to delay claiming the state pension as this could increase the amount they ultimately get. Those who reach state pension age on or after April 6, 2016 will see the sum rise by every week they defer as long as this is done for at least nine weeks. The sum increases by the equivalent of one percent for every nine weeks it is deferred, working out as just under 5.8 percent for every 52 weeks. For the old state pension, the sum increases every week of deferral, as long as this is done for at least five weeks. Once again, the sum will increase by the equivalent of one percent for every five weeks of deferral - which means a 10.4 percent rise for every 52 weeks. Individuals do not need to do anything to defer, just to not claim their state pension when reaching retirement age.