Craig Huxley, who works in construction, took the snap at around 11am to 11:30am in April. Upon reviewing the photo at a later time, he discovered a strange looking object in the clouds.  The 49-year-old claims the photo, which was taken using an iPhone 11, has not been edited or touched - other than uploading it onto his laptop for a closer look. Craig, from Torbay, Devon, captured the unidentified object while on Rock Walk above Torquay's Princess Pier, reports Devon Live. He said: "I have never seen anything like it before. There was nothing visible in the sky when I took the picture and afterwards we noticed that there was something weird on it. "I thought it looked like a steel drill bit. If there was something on the lens or a bird it wouldn't look like that. "I took it on an iPhone 11. It was just a quick snap taken from the balcony at about 11am to 11.30am.    "I uploaded the picture on to my laptop to have a closer look but other than that it's not been touched or added to in any way. "I've shown it to work colleagues and had a few interested comments on Facebook. "I would love to think it's something unexplained but I'm a realistic, down-to-earth sort of person and I would love it if somebody could identify what it is." Hundreds took to comment on Devon Live's Facebook page to give their suggestions. Some saw the funny side, Lynn Adams said "aliens" and Steve Bush wrote: "He works in construction, it looks like a drill bit. One of his workmates chucked it." Theresa Clark wrote: "We have amazing technology can facetime with astronauts. Yet when anyone apparently sees a UFO they use a kodak instamatic 1970 camera." Alex Sergeant wrote: "Given this photo has a curved horizon, this is a panoramic shot, therefore the phone has taken multiple photos of a passing bird and replicated it a few times." Matt Byrne thinks he has the answer, he said: "Rolling shutter effect of a bird flying by seems most plausible." And Liz Charles added: "It looks like something flew past with rapid wing beats. You get this effect if you try to photograph flying insects on a slightly longer exposure than usual." Chris Battershill said: "Sometimes if you are using short long exposures and birds fly across the shot you get like a ghosted affect as they fly exactly like this image. It's probably something similar to that and either its a plane and the story being told is not quite true or a bird of some kind. "The fact that the image has distorted the object kind of makes it hard to tell exactly what it is." 