On this week’s episode of Grand Designs: The Streets, Kevin McCloud followed the journey of Jitinder who works as a consultant to help businesses operate more efficiently. The homeowner had been living in his flat in Reading, Berkshire for 26 years. However, he wanted to create a home with more space and stunning views at Graven Hill in Oxforshire. Jitinder’s three-storey bachelor pad was made from giant insulated panels that slotted together and were strengthened with steel beams. Inside, on the ground floor the property had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a gym and a utility kitchen. An open stairwell will leads up to an open-plan first floor with a main kitchen and living room. This opened out onto a large balcony and a sedum roof terrace. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home On the top floor is an office space overlooking the kitchen/diner below, Jitinder’s bedroom with a large ensuite and a further balcony with commanding views over the Oxfordshire meadows. The property was described as a “glamorous, Hollywood Hills addition to Graven Hill”. Jitinder set himself a budget of £650,000 to achieve his dream home. However, during Jitinder’s building process, viewers of the show were left surprised by the size of the plots and how close the homes were to each other.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ [UPDATE]House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [ANALYSIS] Several shots from the show revealed exactly how the homes were situated. One viewer asked why the homes were built on “such tiny plots” while others complained that neighbours would be “gawping at you”. Ruud Jansen Venneboer, Devon who goes by @MazzardFarm on Twitter said: “Love Some of the #selfbuild houses on #granddesigns, but why oh why are they built on such tiny plots? Madness.” Twitter user @Samanth22356123 tweeted: “All the neighbours gawping at you relaxing! No thanks!#GrandDesigns.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Fiona fairbrother said on the platform: “Why build these houses so close together? #GrandDesigns.” Ethnotechnic replied to Fiona: “Graven Hill plots are narrow and everyone seems to build the biggest house that can fit on the plot.” Twitter user @CanIjustsayy__ said: “Every time I see this The Streets #GrandDesigns I spend it saying 'but why are the plots SO CLOSE to each other?!?!' “Every 30 seconds. So much money to feel your neighbour's breath from their garden.”  Grand Designs: The Street follows the journey of several self-builders in Graven Hill, Oxfordshire who are looking to build their own individual, custom-built homes. The series aims to show viewers the options they have when it comes to self-building and the vast array of demographics who are embarking on their own self-build journey. Grand Designs: The Streets airs Wednesdays at 9pm on Channel 4. Episodes are also available to stream via All 4.