Chelsea are set for a 'major reshuffle' in this summer's transfer window, according to reports. Thomas Tuchel is claimed to want to make signings in attack, as well as central midfield and central defence. Chelsea's 2-1 final day win over Watford on Sunday confirmed third spot in the Premier League table. It brings to an end a hugely challenging campaign off the pitch for the London club, whose sale to Todd Boehly is still to be confirmed. But Tuchel is already clear in what he thinks needs to be done this summer. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, writing in his column for Caught Offside, claims the German wants to improve in all three areas of the pitch. With Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leaving at the end of their contracts, and Cesar Azpilicueta also potentially on his way, recruiting in defence is a necessity. However, Tuchel also wants to sign a new midfielder as well as make additions in attack. READ MORE: Leeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms'  Tuchel is yet to discuss specific targets with the club's board as the takeover continues to take its time. But making signings in attack will only add to speculation over the future of some current players at Stamford Bridge. Romano also says Christian Pulisic will hold a meeting with Tuchel to discuss his future. Hakim Ziyech is also a player who could leave after two years in west London. Tuchel admitted last week that the uncertainty over who the club's owners will be has put a halt to his summer transfer plans. He says other teams will have a headstart in their pursuit of top targets. DON'T MISSMan Utd, Liverpool, Arsenal and others' prize money following Premier League conclusion [INSIGHT]Kylian Mbappe staying at PSG could be great news for Arsenal in pursuit of top target [OPINION]Man Utd's five likeliest signings with Erik ten Hag era now set to commence [TRANSFERS]  Tuchel said: “We have an idea, but unfortunately, the guys don’t know that we have an idea, nor do the club. We have ideas, but we also need to find out what the ideas of the new owners are. "This is also a key point, and from there, we go. Normally, at this time of the season, you are contacting players, you are out, you get a feeling, a read, you have discussions, you have dialogue, you have feedback, you know who is committed, you find your targets, you sign your players, and you go from there to the next step. "Because we didn’t have this step, this is where we are. Everybody else is driving from the start, and you are still not finding the right gear to get your kickstart."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here