Her decision to miss the royal garden party season, which begins at Buckingham Palace next Wednesday with the first of four events in London and Edinburgh for more than 30,000 guests in total, signals the next step in a gradual process of transferring all but a handful of the sovereign’s responsibilities to other members of the family. In her Platinum Jubilee year the two-hour garden parties are now considered too onerous for the 96-year-old monarch, who has suffered mobility problems and other unexplained health issues in the past few months, because of the amount of standing involved while she is meeting hundreds of people from all walks of life. Buckingham Palace said: “Her Majesty the Queen will be represented by other members of the Royal Family at this year’s garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course.” Her family is understood to have told her not to worry and reassured her that they are happy to take the strain after gradually assuming responsibility for other duties, including investitures, that used to fall to the Queen over the past few years. It will be the first time in three years that the garden parties have been held because of Covid-19 restrictions. The Queen, who last attended a garden party in May 2019, is not expected to go to one again, depriving the monarch who has always said she needed to be seen to be believed, of the chance to greet one of the biggest and most diverse groups of people she would see all year. Around 8,000 people mostly invited in recognition of their service to the nation, involvement in charities, or other work on behalf of their communities gather in the gardens of Buckingham Palace or the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh at each party. Guests ranging from tattooed ambulance drivers to serving soldiers, and foreign diplomats get a chance to take tea on the palace lawns from 3pm and meet members of the Royal Family if they are lucky between their arrival at 4pm and departure at 6pm. The Queen’s responsibilities at the garden parties will be shared out among the wider family rather than be given to one person in particular. The events will be staged at Buckingham Palace on May 11, 18 and 25, and at the Palace of Holyroodhouse on June 29. In addition, the Queen has given permission for the annual garden party for forces charity The Not Forgotten Association, which supports disabled veterans and serving wounded, to take place at her official London home on May 12, hosted by the organisation’s patron Princess Anne. The Queen’s withdrawal from the parties, while understandable because of the amount of standing time, will also add to concerns about how many other public events she will be able to attend in her jubilee year. The monarch, who in February became the first British sovereign to reign for 70 years, overcame a bout of Covid that month and celebrated her 96th birthday on April 21 during a week-long break at her Sandringham estate in Norfolk. She still does a remarkable amount for a woman of her age, hosting regular audiences - she met Boris Johnson at Windsor Castle on Wednesday evening - and spending several hours going through her red boxes of official papers every day. But she has been forced to pull out of attending a series of public events since spending a night in hospital in October for unexplained reasons and has been using a walking stick since she went to a service marking the centenary of the Royal British Legion last October. Her last public appearance was at Westminster Abbey in March at a service of thanskgiving for her late husband the Duke of Edinburgh. She is still due to attend the State Opening of Parliament next Tuesday, one of the most important constitional roles of the monarch when she reads out the legislative programme of her Government. It is in her diary but she will only confirm her attendance on the day and it is quite possible that Prince Charles will have to stand in for her. Since 2016 the monarch has used the lift at Sovereign’s Entrance rather than the stairs when arriving and leaving the Palace of Westminster. She has opened Parliament all but two times during her reign. The exceptions were in 1959, the year she was pregnant with Prince Andrew, and 1963, when she was pregnant with Prince Edward. The ceremony was not held in 2020 and last year a reduced capacity Covid secure State Opening of Parliament was staged with the Queen present. But there is no requirement for the monarch to be present. Queen Victoria rarely attended after the death of her consort Prince Albert in 1861.