Barcelona are 'considering' a summer move for Wolves midfielder and reported Manchester United target Ruben Neves as they continue to weigh up the idea of selling Frenkie de Jong to the Red Devils, according to reports. United are said to be in the market for at least one new holding midfielder before the start of next season and have been heavily linked with both Neves and De Jong over the last few months as Erik ten Hag looks to replace Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic at Old Trafford. United were thought to be keen on landing Neves back in January but failed to act on their interest in his services before the all-important deadline. It seems as though Ten Hag could be forced to move quickly this summer, though, in order to beat Barcelona to the signing of Neves when the bidding opens at the end of the current campaign.The Catalan giants have identified Neves as one of three potential targets to replace Sergio Busquets in the middle of the park from next season onwards, according to Sport. The report also claims that the Wolves man's agent, Jorge Mendes, is keen on sealing a move to the Nou Camp for his client and has been trying to negotiate a reduced fee in preliminary talks with Barcelona over the last few weeks.Neves would reportedly be delighted to join Barcelona after fuelling speculation that he may be leaving Wolves in the not-too-distant future by tearfully waving at the Molineux crowd following the club's final home game of the season against Norwich City on Sunday. It is said that Mendes is optimistic over finding a solution to reduce the midfielder's asking price in order to facilitate a move to Spain before the start of the new La Liga campaign in August, with Wolves boss Bruno Lage having already suggested that a nine-figure fee may be required to prise Neves away from the west Midlands. JUST IN: Ten Hag's five Man Utd problems he must fix as he begins new job early "What he is doing this season is very good, I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level," Lage told reporters last month."When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100million to buy these kinds of players." Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Neves potentially joining Barcelona would boost United's hopes of securing a move for De Jong before the start of next season. The 24-year-old played under Ten Hag during his time at Ajax before joining Barcelona in 2019 and would seemingly fit the profile at United, who are in desperate need of additional reinforcements in a number of positions in order to mount a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the next time of asking.Bayern Munich have also been credited with a desire to land De Jong, while a number of other Premier League teams are thought to be keen on rivalling United for the player's signature at the end of the season. The Red Devils appear to be among the frontrunners at this early stage, though, and will be desperate to get things right in the market in order to make a strong start under Ten Hag's guidance when the new campaign eventually gets underway. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here