Experts have warned “people are scared and they should be” following a huge increase in the UK's rat population. The horrifying rodents are also finding new ways to break in - and can do it far easier than you might think, it is suggested.  Rats are practically purpose-built to find their way into places they should be, with “bendy bones” enabling them to squeeze through tight gaps. They are also capable of holding their breath for three minutes and tread water for three days. Pest control experts are therefore warning the public to better “rat proof” their homes to hold the pesky creatures back. Pest control specialist Ian Helands claims to have been bombarded with phone calls by terrified people who have found a "giant" rat in their toilet. He told Leicestershire Live: "I have had more call-outs than ever from homeowners who have heard a noise, looked down into their toilet only to find a giant rat. "No-one is safe. Rats are excellent swimmers with bendy bones and can squeeze into the smallest of spaces.  “They can hold their breath for three minutes and tread water for three days, and they are coming up waste pipes. "They’re cunning and getting bolder and bolder. Basically, if they want to get into your home, they will." He added: "People are scared and they should be. “There are more rats than ever and they are taking over. “I have seen some the size of cats." He said the number of rats in the UK has increased by 25 percent each year over the pandemic.  READ MORE: 3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden [REVEAL] There are said to now be around 150 million - the most ever recorded. Mr Helands explained that, as people were not working and occupying city centres, rats sought out homes for food. He said: "There are ways of pest proofing your home. "You can get rat gates for water pipes – these used to be used in very rural areas, such as near canals, but now we are recommending them even in built-up housing areas." Rats also have a very strong sense of smell, according to experts from Pest Pointers, who said the rodents can be expelled by smells they don’t like - including garlic and onions. 