Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is in Manchester United’s sights ahead of the summer transfer window. And talk of a move to Old Trafford is now intensifying just weeks after it was claimed the La Liga giants were expecting to be offered a swap deal for the player. Now, it’ll be interesting to see how the saga unfolds. Manchester United will need a new midfielder this summer to compensate for the imminent departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. And with Erik ten Hag previously coaching De Jong at Ajax, the Barcelona star seems to be in the Red Devils’ sights. Talk of a move for De Jong is intensifying, with it reported on Wednesday that a move to United for the player was ’95 per cent done’. And that’s just mere weeks after Gerard Romero said on Twitch that Barcelona were expecting a swap deal offer in return for the 24-year-old. Speaking at the time, Romero said Barcelona thought United were potentially going to offer them a pick of three players in return for De Jong. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings One of them was club captain Harry Maguire. Maguire has blown hot and cold for United ever since his arrival from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And with United hoping to land a centre-back this summer, amid interest in Pau Torres, Jurrien Timber and Manuel Akanji, his future seems to be hanging in the balance. Barcelona also were bracing themselves to be offered Alex Telles, who has spent most of his time at the club playing second fiddle to Luke Shaw. And Marcus Rashford was mentioned as a third candidate the La Liga titans thought they’d be offered in return. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The England international has scored just five goals this season, toiling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But while Barcelona had their theory on the trio, they weren’t to their liking. Instead, it was claimed they’d be open to letting De Jong go if they received either Scott McTominay or Anthony Elanga in return. McTominay has been a regular in the United team under Rangnick, while Elanga has jumped above Rashford in the German’s pecking order. Now, though, it seems as though United will test Barcelona’s resolve with a cash offer instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz A fee of £75million has been floated around, a fee that would make De Jong one of the costliest signings in the club’s entire history. And whether Barcelona can be convinced into selling remains to be seen. Speaking in March, meanwhile, De Jong was asked about his future at the Nou Camp amid his struggles for consistency. And the 24-year-old insisted he loved being at Barcelona and would sign a new contract without any hesitation. “I love being at Barcelona," he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I’d probably sign a six-year contract extension if they’d propose me, yes. "Something happening with FC Bayern? No, no. I am so happy at Barcelona and I would love to play here for as long as possible." As well as United, Manchester City have also been linked with De Jong. And, as Premier League champions elect, they may have the edge on their fierce rivals.