According to PSG manager, Mauricio Pochettino, Gueye missed the game for ‘personal reasons’. The 32-year-old Sengalese international is alleged to have refused to wear the shirt displaying the rainbow flag because it conflicted with his religious beliefs. The French Football Federation has urged Gueye to ‘issue a public apology’ or to clarify that the allegations surrounding his refusal to play are ‘unfounded‘. The player is now under fire for not setting the record straight publically. Idrissa Gueye comes from Senegal, where, like many other Muslim majority countries, homosexuality is illegal under Islamic Law. In Senegal homosexuality can carry a hefty prison sentence. By western standards, many of the laws in Senegal would be considered to condone discrimination, not just against gay people, but also women and non-Muslims too. That might sound intolerant to many in the west. Over here we are supposed to respect different points of view, aren’t we? We are supposed to allow people to live as they wish and believe what they want. In the west we are not supposed to force people to bow or kneel in front of symbols and slogans they might not believe in or wish to endorse. Gueye has committed no crime, harmed no one and called for no one to be harmed. He is not an authority on social or political causes in his native Senegal nor in France, the country in which he works as a professional football player. His job is kicking a ball. Has he been targeted because his religious beliefs have allegedly come into conflict with a public display of activism being demanded by his employer? For footballers the football pitch is their place of work, it seems wrong that in order to earn a living any individual must be required to proclaim allegiance to and support for any political movement or ideology. Some people seem to have forgotten that western society takes pride in espousing values of secularism, free speech, and freedom of and from religion for everyone. That includes the freedom to hold religious beliefs, not just reject them. For some, the rainbow flag simply reflects pride in or tolerance for the LGBT community but, within the gay community, there is significant debate about what exactly the best approaches for gay rights advocacy are. Not even all gay people simply stand united under the numerous initiatives and campaigns to which the rainbow is regularly attached. What does demanding gestures of virtue from sport’s people actually do anyway in terms of actually eradicating social evils such as racism and homophobia ? Does hounding prominent individuals into participation in collective public gestures of virtue and demanding contrition and repentance from anyone who resists actually make society a more cohesive place where individuals with different perspectives can peacefully coexist? Why do so many from the same ‘be kind’ crowd who always tell us it’s important to centre and amplify the voices and perspectives of people from ethnic and religious minorities rush to condemn someone from an ethnic and religious minority when their passive resistance conflicts with woke orthodoxy? Aren’t we all missing the bigger picture here? Shouldn’t we be protesting the fact that the upcoming FIFA World Cup will be hosted in a state notorious for discriminating against people on the basis of their gender and sexuality and religious beliefs? Instead of attacking one PSG player for refusing to wear a rainbow shirt, shouldn’t we be protesting PSG itself, because it’s a football club owned by the Emir of Qatar, where homosexuality is illegal and punishable by death? Newcastle Utd was recently subject to a Saudi takeover, the authoritarian state has an appalling human rights record and has been carrying out atrocities in Yemen long before the war in Ukraine began. And what of England’s upcoming World Cup opponents Iran. It was only after the death of an Iranian woman, Sahar Khodayari, a soccer fan who set herself on fire over fears that she would be jailed for trying to attend a football match in disguise, that a FIFA directive threatened to ban Iran from international competitions. These empty threats couldn’t stop Iran from imposing its misogynistic policies on women, or indeed from competing at the next major football tournament. In March 2022, Iranian women, once again, were barred from entering the stadium this time at last minute, chaos reportedly ensued and security guards are alleged to have attacked women with pepper spray and tear gas. Where was the uproar? Nobody kneeled, no resignation was made, and no protest was staged against these big organizations that yet again failed to use their power or influence to hold these authoritarian states accountable for their mistreatment of women and gay people.    Taking knees and wearing rainbows are farcical unless they are accompanied by concrete action that will help protect the lives of ethnic and religious minorities and gay people in the west and beyond. Socially conservative attitudes to sexuality and gender are embedded in theology which remains commonplace within the majority of ethnic and religious minorities living in the UK (and much of Europe) today. Are they entitled to the right to practice their religion freely in the UK, in France and beyond? Ideas which are incompatible with western conventions on human rights should be challenged, but refusing to wear a rainbow shirt is not one of them. Imagine if a French or English player playing in Senegal was ordered to recite the Quran before kick off? In any free society, the simplest solution would be to stop demanding that professional sportspeople display any political or religious symbols as a requirement to compete in their sport. This should include any and all political causes and any and all religious symbols too. Sport used to bring us together across political ethnic, religious and national divides; it can only do so again if we take divisive political gesturing out of it entirely. Let sports be a source of entertainment and unity free from religious, political and other all other orthodoxies.  Khadija Khan is a journalist, commentator and member of the campaign group Don't Divide Us. 