Kirsty Leanne, founder of blog plussizetraveltoo, has a massive 50,000 TikTok followers on @kirstyleannetravels. She loves to share the tips and tricks she’s learned on her trips to help “plus-size babes travel the world with confidence”. However, Ms Leanne sparked debate with her latest post, as she called out the travel industry and claimed that airlines need to do more to help her travel comfortably. In a TikTok video, the 29-year-old showed her flight from London Stansted Airport to Hamburg, Germany with Ryanair. The clip garnered 1.9million views and over 6,000 followers. She captioned the video: “Flying Ryanair with no upgrades.” Kirsty then documents the process, showing the seat she is assigned, how much legroom she has and her having to ask for a seatbelt extender. The travel blogger was sat next to an empty seat so moved herself closer to the aisle. However she then showed that the tray table was a “big fat no” as it got stuck on her stomach and couldn’t sit fully flat. Ms Leanne then documented that bathrooms were “also a no-go” and she didn’t use it as it was too small, forcing her to wait until she got to the airport. The influencer noted: “Door opened fully rather than in half” making it difficult to enter or exit the loo.  In the comments, Ms Leanne added some extra context and said: “Wow, okay. So this got way more views than I thought and I think people missed the point entirely. “I’m sharing my experience as a plus-size person on Ryanair so others can see what it’s like but yes… “I do think airlines should do more to be accessible for plus-size people. “That doesn’t mean I’m blaming them for me being fat. It’s pretty simple.” Speaking to the Express and Star, Ms Leanne: "One of the reasons I did the Ryanair video was because I had loads of requests asking me to make a video for a Ryanair flight which have been known for having smaller seats et cetera. "I hadn't paid for an extra seat, or a seat with extra legroom or pay extra to choose my seat because I believe we should all be able to travel on a budget and not have to pay for extras. "Also, if you pay for an extra legroom seat by the emergency exits, you cannot have a seatbelt extender." Ms Leanne added that many people were unhappy with her video, but that she was simply being honest about the experience. She said: “If something is small, I'm going to call it small, I'm not going to dress it up for something else. "Airlines should be doing a lot more for plus-size travellers.”