Olia is terrified for the safety of her family in Ukraine and has no idea how she will pay the rent on a small London flat when her money runs out. While she once worked with celebrities including Jamie Oliver, Damien Hirst and even Volodymyr Zelensky before he became Ukraine's president, Olia's days are now spent grimly watching the news for war updates and calling her family. She is not complaining, instead Olia says she is grateful her children are far from the horrors of the conflict. "The British people have always been wonderful to me and now they are being so kind to my children," she says. Olia was in France celebrating her 40th birthday with daughter Evdokiya, four, son Valeriy, five, and her husband when Russia invaded in February. Returning to Kyiv was not an option but Olia's husband has gone back. She does not talk about him in case it increases the dangers he is facing. She recalls: "I woke up in the morning of February 24 because my husband was on a phone with somebody. He told me that Russia invaded Ukraine. I was shocked. "I called my sister and she was trying to make her voice calm but I could hear bombing in the background. Her daughter Gabrielle, who is eight, was with her in Kyiv. For a few days they couldn't leave. The motorway to western Ukraine was constantly bombed." Since then each day has been an ordeal. She said: "Every morning I start with phone calls to my family and friends. At night, I can't sleep. "I've read the news every five minutes for two months now." "We could not go home. Britain is my second home. I just knew we would be welcomed here," said Olia, who used to work in London. "At first I couldn't cry. Now I can burst into tears in an Underground train." Olia says she misses her mother Alla, father Mykhailo and sister Julia, who live in Lviv. Speaking of telling her children about the war, Olia said: "I was straightforward. We told our kids that Russia started war with Ukraine and we have to stay away from home for a while. "I show them the news. They can't live an illusion. Maybe it's not good for their psyche but it is my choice. I explain that we will win because we have the strongest army in the world and very brave people. "They ask a lot about God. Why he allowed Putin to be born. Why he allows Russians to kill Ukrainians. And they worry about their cat Murka, and about their toys." "The kids are very stressed, especially my son. He became very weepy and serious. They are talking a lot about Putin." Olia first moved to the UK after studying journalism when she secured an internship at the BBC's Ukraine Service in 2003. She gave birth to Zlata, now 16, during a relationship with a British businessman. Her daughter is now studying in Santa Barbara, California. After returning to Ukraine, Olia became a TV star. When she interviewed British artist Damien Hirst, he decorated her script with his famous butterfly motifs which she framed and hung on the wall of her flat. Olia worked with Zelensky on the country's 1+1TV channel. "He was always kind. I would observe him talking to the cleaners and to the TV president with the same smile and respect," said Olia. "He was always looking after everybody even in tiny details. I was invited to his show, I was provided with the best green room. He had a spotless reputation. Smiling and supporting everybody." It is now the kindness of ordinary people in the UK that has affected Olia most. Her children were at the international school in Kyiv and its sister school in London has accepted them both, free of charge. "I want to go back to Ukraine," she said. "While I am here, I will volunteer for any work that will help my country. This war is terrible." She said the conflict has opened the world's eyes to "what Russia is". She said: "Russia has nothing to do with us. They were always our enemy." She says the country now aims "to take our souls". Olia added: "Our army, our people are inspiring the world with their bravery. Ukrainians are just one family, Russians are a bunch of bullies. Our love of Ukraine makes us powerful and we shall win. "I have a friend in Bucha. She is a doctor and a single mother. Her phone was out of reach. I was so worried as the news from Bucha was terrifying. One day she answered - I was so relieved. My colleague, TV presenter Pasha Lee, was killed by the Russians in Irpin." Olia is longing to return home and get in front of the camera again. She said: "TV presenters are like close relatives to their audience. I want to return to my family."