On this page last week we discussed how a new ugly style of apartheid has entered our workplace. As cleaners, canteen staff, security guards and maintenance workers troop into their places of work, the newly named “laptop” class stay at home, bleating the unbelievable drivel that they can achieve more from their kitchen tables in their dressing gowns than they can at their offices. What utter tosh! Last week fresh impetus was rightly directed at this outrage when it emerged the boss of the Passport Office, Abi Tierney, has reportedly been spending a considerable amount of time working from her home in Leicestershire. Don’t get me wrong, there’s nothing wrong with Leicestershire whatsoever. Indeed, as my late grandmother lived there I don’t need to be reminded of the delights of places such as Oadby or Ashby de la Zouch. But, if you’re presiding over the cluster shambles that is the current form of that particular department and you’re presumably in receipt of a pay check in the region of £175,000 per annum, it doesn’t seem a lot to ask for you to actually turn up for work. But she’s living around 100 miles, or a three-hour drive, from the office! The backlog of outstanding applications to clear currently stands at around 700,000, of which 300,000 have yet to be uploaded. If you call them, you could put a child through college in the time it takes to get a human voice. And then they gleefully trot out the mantra that everything has been affected by the pandemic. Presumably, after delivering that piercing insight on the situation, that particular member of staff needs a long sit down in the back garden with a cup of tea and a Hob Nob. Meanwhile, families face the daily frustration of not knowing if they’ll be able to go away on that much cherished – and desperately needed – holiday and business people are having to cancel meetings overseas that could be crucial to help them emerge from the doldrums. This disgraceful state of affairs is not contained to government departments. In Cambridge, the paint has only just dried on the county council’s new offices, built in 2020 at a cost of £18million. But when one resident visited, she was told by a receptionist that no one was working there due to Covid guidelines. Yet again, the receptionist is expected to be at their place of work – but not the tiers of managers, junior managers and associated legions of form fillers. This is why Government Efficiencies Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is absolutely right to be touring Whitehall departments to see how many staff are at their desks, sometimes leaving caustic notes for those who are absent. Opponents have derided this as “Dickensian,” but that is nonsense. Put simply: if so many people don’t need to be at their government offices, let’s sell them all off. Imagine the amount of loot that would net the Treasury. This workplace schism grows ever deeper. During lockdown, there was little rest for the lorry drivers, firefighters, supermarket staff, careworkers, police, nurses and the rest of the NHS – or most of the self-employed. And after lockdown the situation remains the same. If you work for yourself, there’s no pension pot, sick pay or paid holiday. You just get on with it. A clearly frustrated Boris Johnson tore into the issue last week, claiming he was ready to “privatise the a***” out of the Passport Office. But there’s no need for that Prime Minister. Just get them back on their office seats, behind their desks, and get them to crack on. That’ll get to the bottom of the problem. As local elections take place on Thursday across much of the country, it’s important to remember the word “local” in this context. It was informative to watch Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and his front bench sitting stony faced at last week’s Prime Minister’s Questions as Boris Johnson ran through the achievements of Conservative-run local authorities as opposed to those under Labour control. The Prime Minister listed Tory London boroughs where council tax is the lowest, yet services provided are highest or most frequent. Meanwhile, he pointed to Labour councils that have gone bust or spent ludicrous sums of money on vanity projects. When the PM had finished and the cheers of his colleagues rung out, Sir Keir and crew looked like stunned mullets. They had no response. So, on Thursday, you’re not “punishing” any politician you might dislike or “sending a message to Number Ten”. You’re actually voting directly for the organisations that run your daily lives.  The headline was truly shocking. Radical Islamist prisoners had convened self-styled Sharia courts in jails and decided on “punishments” for inmates they deemed to have “broken the law”. In some instances, the punishment could include flogging. They’d also successfully decreed that kitchens were “no go areas” for prison guards or non-Muslim prisoners at certain times. And before you think this was a piece about life in Saudi Arabia or Afghanistan, it was about the prisons in THIS country. Can we immediately end this policy of hand-wringing and avoidance in our prisons and instil firm and fair discipline.  What sort of person would book tickets for a show that had acts as diverse as Bill Bailey, Helen Mirren, Mo Farah and Basil Brush? It’s certainly an eclectic mix, isn’t it? Yet this is what is being served up as the big set piece of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration. While there can be no doubt she will desperately miss her late husband the Duke of Edinburgh by her side, the Queen can at least be comforted that he is being spared this all encompassing parcel of cobblers. Agreed, it wasn’t the most powerful story of the week – but this picture of Margot Robbie, 31, from the forthcoming live-action movie Barbie brought such colour and glamour to such a dull week. Suddenly, thoughts of Angela Rayner’s legs, Boris’s birthday cake, Sir Keir’s beer, soaring petrol prices, inflation and the hideous war in Ukraine could be briefly suspended and replaced with an undiluted splash of movie land make believe. Hooray for Hollywood! Seen the Channel 4 listings recently? The last week has given us Where Have All The Lesbians Gone, Carry On Glamping, and Shocking Emergency Calls UK. That sell off cannot come soon enough, can it? 