Consumer inflation rose by 8.3 percent in the States in April, close to the highest level in 40 years. This was higher than the Dow Jones estimate of 8.1 percent. The Democrat Party leader pledged to bring the figure down by raising taxes for wealthy businesses. But Mr Bezos accused the President of conflating issues that were not really linked. The spat began after Mr Biden said in a post on Twitter: “You want to bring down inflation? Let’s make sure the wealthiest corporations pay their fair share.” The Amazon founder branded this as “misdirection”. He responded: “The newly created Disinformation Board should review this tweet, or maybe they need to form a new Non Sequitur Board instead. “Raising corp taxes is fine to discuss. Taming inflation is critical to discuss. Mushing them together is just misdirection.” Mr Bezos also went on to criticise the Biden administration’s attempt to pump more stimulus into the economy while prices were already rising and highlighted that inflation hurts the poor the most. Despite reports suggesting he usually kept more quiet on politics, the businessman wrote: “The administration tried hard to inject even more stimulus into an already over-heated, inflationary economy and only [Joe] Manchin saved them from themselves. READ MORE: Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined “Inflation is a regressive tax that most hurts the least affluent. Misdirection doesn’t help the country.” The row did not end there, with White House spokesperson Andrew Bates issuing a scathing response and claiming Mr Bezos’s tweets may have resulted from a frustration over what his own Amazon employees had recently told the President, or from a desire to avoid more tax himself. The administration said: "It doesn't require a huge leap to figure out why one of the wealthiest individuals on Earth opposes an economic agenda for the middle class that cuts some of the biggest costs families face, fights inflation for the long haul and adds to the historic deficit reduction the President is achieving by asking the richest taxpayers and corporations to pay their fair share. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] “It's also unsurprising that this tweet comes after the President met with labour organisers, including Amazon employees.” Mr Bezos said the statement worked only to further “muddy the topic”, which, he added, was neither the fault of wealthy people or unions. Commenting on what he viewed as a distraction tactic from the White House, the entrepreneur joked: “Look, a squirrel!” He added: “They understandably want to muddy the topic. They know inflation hurts the neediest the most. “But unions aren’t causing inflation and neither are wealthy people.” Mr Bezos also noted that if the President had been successful in adding further stimulus to the economy, “inflation would be even higher than it is today”.