The latest DVSA figures for MOT testing reveal that some 30 percent of all MOT tests taken in the UK are failed, with almost ten percent of those for a ‘dangerous item’. Last month the Transport secretary Grant Shapps put forward proposals to ditch the annual testing in favour of a test every two years. The figures showed that of the 8,733,563 MOT tests carried out in the last quarter of last year, 2,104,422 resulted in an initial fail, a rate of 30.3 percent. Of those a staggering 721,343 were vehicles that failed with at least one ‘dangerous’ item, meaning that under the new proposals, millions of faulty cars would be going unchecked for two years. Number 10 said the Prime Minister wanted to explore “innovative ways” to ease living costs, with proposals being sent to the Government’s domestic and economic strategy committee for further discussion. Every vehicle that is three-years-old or over must have a current MOT certificate, which drivers must renew once a year. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles Reaction to the news late last month was overwhelmingly negative, with many pointing out the issues with letting older cars drive unchecked for two years. Experts at heycar said: “It’s an awful idea. Most causes of MOT failure are caused by wear and tear which suggests that a small % of owners use the MOT as the annual safety check. “Extending the MOT will simply give irresponsible owners a 2-year pass to drive unsafe cars without any mandatory checks.” Many on social media pointed out that changing the rules to having biennial MOTs would save drivers just £27.43 a year. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING] Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, said drivers would ultimately lose out, especially if they need repairs. He added: “Though well intended, moving the yearly £55 spend on an MOT to every two years could make costs worse for drivers with higher repair bills, make our roads more dangerous and would put jobs in the garage industry at risk. “Only recently the Government stepped away from switching the MOT to every two years on the grounds of road safety. “While AA polling shows overwhelming support from drivers who like the security that an annual health check provides. It comes as new research has suggested that drivers are still unaware of MOT rules, as almost one in five believe there is a grace period after an MOT lapses. Some believe that a motorist can drive for as long as three weeks after the expiry date of an MOT. The percentage of motorists who admitted to missing a renewal was even higher, with more than a quarter of respondents stating that they had previously allowed an MOT to expire. This amounts to as many as 7.9 million vehicles that could be missing their annual deadline. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, warned drivers of the consequences they face if they do not pay attention to the expiry date of their MOT. He told Express.co.uk: “The worrying finding from this research is that almost one in five drivers believe that there is a grace period where they can drive their car, despite the MOT having lapsed - which is not the case. “In fact, after its expiry, the only time it is suitable to drive a car is to travel to the MOT centre to renew a certificate or to take the vehicle to be repaired. “Motorists risk up to a £1,000 fine for driving a car without a valid MOT. “Drivers are expected to be responsible for the legal commitments that come with owning a car.”