Convicted criminal Casey White has escaped an Alabama detention facility alongside a deputy who reportedly doted on the prisoner "for years" following their first meeting. The deputy is confirmed to have visited the suspected murderer in state prison several hours away as he served a 75-year sentence for violent crimes. Law enforcement officials have been unable to locate Casey White and Vicky White, of no relation, since the pair left a jail facility together.   NBC correspondent Sam Brock warned: “Law enforcement officials say that Casey White threatened to kill his ex-girlfriend and her sister if he ever got out of prison.” Mr Brock said: “He has been serving 75 years behind bars for a series of violent crimes. “Now he appears to be on the run with a deputy who doted on him for years.“ The correspondent showed a CCTV clip that showed the prisoner leaving the detention facility with deputy Vicky White. He continued: “The deputy holding the door for the convicted felon and accused murderer have a lengthy relationship spanning years.   Sheriff Rick Singleton of Lauderdale County provided context surrounding the problematic relationship between the pair. Sheriff Singleton said: “He was here in 2020 for an arraignment and preliminary hearing and when he finished that he went back to state prison. “We do know that they remained in touch while he was in state prison.” Mr Brock asked: “Their relationship, in whatever parameters you define it, is at least two years old?” “Yes,” the sheriff confirmed, “could be older. Read more: Drug-dealing cage fighter on run before sentencing sparks warning   The NBC reporter continued: “The sheriff also says Vicky repeatedly drove more than two hours to a state prison outside Birmingham to see Casey, though he isn’t sure how many times. “Any logs of video of their visits aren’t ready for release.” But colleagues of Vicky White defended her actions and remained adamant the deputy had no involvement in any wrongdoing. Chris Connolly, district attorney for Lauderdale County, affirmed: “This could happen with the best of folks, Vicky White I would trust with my life - she's that kind of solid person.” Don't miss:Bermondsey murder suspect 'found naked in bathroom' by police [REVEAL]Anger as police fail to solve 500 burglaries a day [REPORT]Katie Kenyon's family describe 'heart-breaking nightmare' [INSIGHT] Alabama authorities continue to pursue the couple who have evaded capture since their escape last Friday. The US Marshals Services has offered a reward of up to $10,000 for information leading to the capture of Casey White. A warrant has also been issued for Vicky White charging the deputy with permitting or facilitating escape in the first degree. Authorities have detailed the suspicious behaviour of Vicky White as she sold her home a month ago and was due to retire the day she and Casey White disappeared together.   