Four action-packed days have been planned to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee from Thursday, June 2 until Sunday, June 5, kicking off with a splendid military display and flypast as Trooping the Colour returns to London. Express.co.uk has the full itinerary for the Queen's four-day celebration right here.  Trooping the Colour and the lighting of the Jubilee beacons will take place on Thursday. Here are the key timings: 10am - Trooping the Colour will begin early on Thursday, and members of the Royal Family will leave Buckingham Palace at 10.30am for the parade ground. 11am - Trooping the Colour is expected to begin. 1pm - The RAF flypast over Buckingham Palace is expected, and the Queen and other royals will watch from the palace balcony. 10am to 1.15pm - 'Trooping the Colour' will be broadcast on BBC One. 9.25pm - The Royal Family will gather at Buckingham Palace to watch the Platinum Jubilee's principal beacon be lit. 9.45pm - Beacons across the UK, Isle of Man and the Channel Islands will then be lit up to mark the Queen's 70-year reign. 8pm to 10pm - BBC One will broadcast 'Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee'.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' On Friday, a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's long reign will be held at the historic London landmark of St Paul's Cathedral in London. 11am - Members of the Royal Family will start arriving at the service, which is closed to the public. 9.15am to 12.30pm - BBC One will broadcast 'A Service of Thanksgiving'   Saturday's Platinum Jubilee celebrations include the Epsom Derby and the Platinum Party at the Palace. Derby Day falls on Saturday and members of the Royal Family are expected to attend, but reports have indicated the Queen may not attend. 4.30pm - The Cazoo Derby 2022 will be run in the late afternoon. 7.30pm to 10.30pm - The Queen's home will be the backdrop of the Platinum Party at the Palace concert, and it will be broadcast live by BBC One.  DON'T MISS:Queen title: The four royal titles you didn't know the Queen has [ANALYSIS]King William: Public throws weight behind Duke over Prince Charles [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee emoji: How to use new PJ the corgi icon [EXPLAINER] Across the UK - 'The Big Jubilee Lunch' will be taking place in communities up and down the country. 2.30pm - The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will start at 2.30pm and will finish at 5pm at the Queen Victoria Memorial in London. 1pm to 5.30pm - 'The Platinum Pageant' will be broadcast by BBC One. 