Police confirm that 10 out of the 170 were logged as posing the higher danger level, the Mirror has revealed. A further 128 were said to pose a moderate risk and just 32 were identified as low risk. However, an expert has suggested Prince Andrew's sex abuse case and Megxit might be fuelling a surge in stalking incidents for the Firm. Dai Davies, who was appointed as Operational Unit Commander in charge of Royal Protection for the Queen and the Royal Family in 1995, said: "The vast majority of people fixated with the Royal Family are ­harmless but there are always concerns that their obsession could take a worrying turn. "In most cases the police can use mental health legislation to help those that if left untreated could pose a risk. "It would not surprise me in the least if the negative publicity that has surrounded Prince Andrew and Prince Harry has caused an increase in the numbers of ­individuals that have come to the notice of the police." JUST IN: GB News: Wootton asks Queen to 'stay strong' as monarch misses State Opening of Parliament The record-breaking 170 figure covers incidents in 2021. However, in the previous year, police, psychiatrists and mental health nurses referred some 141 suspects to the Fixated Threat Assessment Centre. According to the Barnet, Enfield and Haringey Mental Health NHS Trust, the Fixated Threat Assessment Centre was set up by the Home Office, Department of Health and Metropolitan Police in 2006. The website added: "FTAC receives around 1,000 referrals a year of people who have engaged in threatening or harassing communications towards politicians or the Royal Family. READ MORE: Charles ‘teetering on the edge’ of major role as Queen cancels State Opening of Parliament "Around half are assessed as being of low risk after initial enquiries. "The remainder are investigated by FTAC staff." The Mirror's report comes after an investigation was launched into an incident involving a so-called "fake priest" at the Victoria Barracks on Sheet Street in Windsor. The Queen was more than 140miles away celebrating Easter at Sandringham at the time. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'anxious to prove herself' in Spotify podcast [INSIGHT] Kate on hunt for personal assistant [REPORT] Meghan told 'you can't just take the money' after Netflix 'disaster' [REVEAL]