Laura Robson was left in tears after realising her time had come to retire from tennis. Robson has officially announced her retirement from the sport following a string of injuries. The former British No 1 and ex-Wimbledon junior champion has hung up her racquet at the age of 28. And she has opened up on her decision in an interview with the BBC. Robson said: "I went through every possibility of rehab and of surgery. I had another hip surgery and probably did the best rehab block of my life - I went to all the best specialists and had some incredible people that I was working with just to get me back on court - and then the second time I hit, I just knew. "It feels weird to say out loud, but I'm done, I'm retired. I've sort of known that for a while because of what I was told by the doctors last year, but I think it just took me so long to say it to myself, which is why it took me so long to say it officially."  Robson admitted it was an emotional moment with her doctors after realising it was the end. She added: "We just sat down and cried together, but I know they are going to be in my life forever." Robson reached 27 in the world rankings early in her career and got to the fourth round of both Wimbledon and the US Open. She was also a silver medallist at the London 2012 Olympics in the mixed doubles event. However, injury then started to plague her career. She had wrist surgery in 2014 and has had three operations on her hip in recent years.  The Melbourne-born star says she will always live with the thought of what her career could have been like if she did not suffer with injuries. She added: "I think I'm always going to have the feeling that I could have done more, unfortunately. "I feel like if I had just had another year or two of being healthy, I don't know what I could have achieved. But I'm really proud of the Olympics, of playing Fed Cup - playing for your country in any way was always one of my favourite weeks of the year - and I think playing Wimbledon and the US Open the time that I did well, I will have those memories forever. "But ultimately what's happened has happened, and I think overall I'm a much nicer person from going through all of that. "If I keep looking back and thinking 'what if', then I can't move forward." 