Prince William entertained those at the public visit, joking: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" It's not the first time either of the pair has described Kate's penchant for babies. She told people at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, in February: "It makes me very broody. William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'Let's have another one.'" A body language expert has discussed these broody displays and baby discussion from the couple, who themselves are parents of three. Mark Bowden claimed this behaviour is not just inspired by the pair's love of children but is an essential part of their role. Mark is the co-founder of TruthPlane, a public speaking coaching service. He is also the author of the book Truth & Lies: What People Are Really Thinking. The book has been described by former FBI counterintelligence agent Joe Navarro as “this year’s must-read on nonverbal communications and human behaviour.” He is also one of the experts behind The Behaviour Panel, a collection of the world's top four experts in human behaviour profiling, boasting over half a million subscribers on their YouTube channel. Mark told Express.co.uk: "The royals partly have a social role in British society as symbols of the very important classic social roles many of us take: parent, grandparent, carer, sibling etc to name just a few. READ MORE: 'More risque': Major contrast in Kate and Meghan's wedding dresses shows 'their positions' "Kate and William are not just the heirs to the highest position in Monarchy but heirs to the highest symbolic positions of Motherhood and Fatherhood. "It is, therefore, their duty to be supportive of the parent role, and always give the highest level of empathy to those roles." Mark claims the pair are obliged by the role to be supportive and positive about parenting and the prospect of parenting. The Duke and Duchess have three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. The expert went on: "In short, they always need to look like being a mum or a dad is a great thing. "They need to be verbal about the joy and benefits around it. DON'T MISSGems belonging to Kate that will be handed down to Charlotte [INSIGHT] 'She never looks dated': How Kate always looks great at 40 [STYLIST] Three children - like Kate and Wills - is out of fashion [EXPERT] "When a child is presented they need to be more engaged than anyone else there because they represent Britain as a parent." This would explain Kate and William's frequent public events with children and babies as a focus. In fact, the pair have made child mental health a key component of their charity and awareness work as key royals. Mark said: "It could be easy to mistake all of this for broodiness. "Even if they bring it up - they are most likely showing empathy for those feeling that. Validating that for the nation." Mark pointed to Kate's necklace as a potential clue as to whether the pair are planning more children, although noted that nothing is definitive. He told readers: "It is interesting to me that commentators have spoken about jewellery Kate has that includes markings denoting their current children. "Is there a space for more of that jewellery? "Or are the links all closed? And even if the stones seem set, there is always a chance that the piece can be reset." Mark recently analysed a moment between Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex gave a speech there, with his former-actress wife taking the mic first to introduce her husband. She said of her partner: "He has spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you." As she kissed Harry to hand over the mic, however, Mark said the Prince felt "discomfort". He said: "As the Duke approaches we see some 'adaptor' gestures as he alters his clothing when leaving his seat in the audience, comes on stage, and approaches the Duchess. "This could indicate a level of discomfort coming onto the stage."