 The Duchess of Sussex’s father, Thomas Markle Sr, is understood to be in a Californian hospital after suffering a potential stroke. Thomas was reportedly unable to speak and had to communicate by writing his symptoms on paper when an ambulance picked him up on Monday night. GB News presenter Dan Wootton said the 77-year-old was receiving “urgent medical treatment”.  Mr Wootton also said Meghan’s father was due to appear on GB News ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Thomas has previously spoken about travelling to the UK to mark the monarch’s milestone, potentially reunite with his daughter and meet his son-in-law and grandchildren. His recent health scare may scupper his chances of crossing the pond in time for the Jubilee weekend. The Duchess of Sussex is understood to have been estranged from her father since her Royal Wedding to Prince Harry in 2018, which he failed to attend due to health issues.  However, Thomas’ hospital admission has renewed pressure on Meghan to reconcile with her father, but one royal expert claimed a reunion is unlikely. Duncan Larcombe, a royal author and former royal editor for the Sun, told The Daily Beast: “Meghan hasn’t released any statement and I doubt she intends to go down there. “That bridge is burned. If you look at what he did before the wedding, that’s hardly surprising. “He has claimed it was naivety, but it was clearly duplicitous.”  Ahead of Meghan and Harry’s wedding, Thomas admitted to staging paparazzi photos in exchange for cash. He argued he only did so in a naive effort to improve his image and after being worn down by the persistence of photographers. As a result of his admission and fears of further embarrassment, the duchess’ father did not attend the nuptials at St George’s Chapel. Thomas also shared he had suffered a heart attack six days prior due to the stresses of the situation.  It is believed that Meghan has not been in contact with her father since the wedding, with the exception of a letter, which he later leaked to The Mail on Sunday. Thomas has repeatedly spoken to the media about the status of his relationship with his daughter, and has often been critical of Meghan and Harry. He has previously stated he will continue speaking to the press until the duchess contacts him. In his most recent interview, Thomas told GB News he wanted to meet Prince Charles as he believes they “have a lot in common,” having “been ghosted” by their children. Mr Markle said: “I’m looking forward to it [flying over for the Jubilee]. “I’m going to show my respect for the Queen and I’m going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the Royals. “We admire them and we want them to know that’s how we feel about them and that’s how we feel about England. He continued: “I would like to meet with Prince Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common now. “We’ve pretty much both been ghosted by our children. I would really enjoy talking to him. If that’s possible, that would be great.” He added that he would like to see how he can “repair” his relationship with Meghan, but said he could “not see that happening”.