The Eurovision Song Contest is back on the BBC with the remaining countries due to perform live from Italy tonight. Those who make it through to the grand final will return for Saturday's live show, along with the Big Five countries. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how Australia is involved. Fans of Eurovision are on the edge of their seats as the 40 countries take to the stage in a bid to win a place in the grand final. Whilst the majority of the countries are within Europe, viewers may be wondering how Australia is able to take part in the event. The country has been involved six times and has a strong track record. They have been in the top 10 four times, so they have a strong chance of finding success again this year. READ MORE:Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? Their initial involvement was expected to be a one-off, but it has been confirmed they will take part until 2023. The contest is broadcast in Australia every year and has attracted a huge fanbase. Their first appearance was in the first semi-final of 2013, with the Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) making the country's debut at the 2015 contest. Although Australia is outside the European Broadcasting Area, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) decided to allow an Australian entry to commemorate the 60th contest. READ MORE: Why can Australia compete in Eurovision 2022? If, of course, Australia was to win the Eurovision Song Contest, the EBU confirmed they would not host the event in the southern hemisphere. Instead, they would co-host the contest within a country in the EBU. Germany would be the first choice, with the BBC being the backup hosts should Germany decline the offer. This year, Australia is being represented by Sheldon Riley, with his track Not the Same. The Melbourne-based singer has always been a huge fan of Eurovision. DON'T MISS... Eurovision fix row: Italy singer Mahmood's experience exposed [INSIGHT] Portugal Eurovision 2022 song: What does Maro’s performance mean? [EXPLAINER] Ukraine Eurovision 2022: Who is Kalush Orchestra? [INSIGHT] He took part in the eighth season of X Factor Australia and appeared on The Voice Australia in 2018. The star spoke to Australian DNA about his Eurovision entry and how far he has come on his musical journey. He said: "I wrote the song myself. It’s a storytelling song. "I haven’t looked into what sort of success people have had writing their own song, but I didn’t want anyone else writing it for me. READ MORE: Serbia Eurovision song lyrics: What is said about Meghan Markle? "It’s dark, it’s orchestral, it has this big moment. I’ve been telling people to just… be prepared. "It builds… and then visually there’s this massive thing that happens, that gives an answer… and helps people understand me." At Eurovision 2015 Australia was represented by Guy Sebastian and finished fifth in the Grand Final. The country was granted a wildcard, with the right to vote in both semi-finals and a secured place in the final. Their best result to date was 2016 when Dami Im represented the country and finished second with the song Sound of Silence.  Eurovision 2022 continues tonight with the second semi-final airing on BBC Three at 8pm.