The new price cap will see energy companies contribute a devastating blow to most people's household finances as the overall cost of living surges. Inflation, rising house prices and rent will add fuel to the fire, leaving people desperate to lift their new burden. How they choose to reduce the cost of living ultimately depends on the situation, but many people will have questions. Rising energy prices ultimately mean that people pay more for using the same amount of gas. The solution to offsetting these extra costs is using less gas, which radiators use. Gas central heating models use boilers to heat water and send it around the home via radiator pipes. READ MORE: I will end the the cost-of-living squeeze and boost Britain Radiators receive that hot water and warm-up rooms in which they are active. The process means that the more people use their radiators, the more gas they use. They can save on gas by turning off their radiators in rooms they are not using, roughly 6p every hour for 400-watt models. Keeping doors to these rooms shut and windows closed should mean they don't get too cold with the heating turned off. People can use their thermostats to deactivate their central heating from the source, which shuts off every radiator at once. If they want to turn off radiators one at a time, they can do so from the unit itself. Most radiators have a numbered thermostatic valve on the side, usually the left, which shuts the unit when turned to zero. The valve also allows people to adjust the heat output from each radiator. Some radiators won't have a thermostatic valve and instead come with a manual version. These can be on the left or right-hand side of the unit and will turn it off when turned clockwise. Turning off the heat will save on gas, but there are occasions when people shouldn't. People should leave their units on if they have an issue with household damp. Many north-facing rooms that don't fetch much sunlight are ultimately prone to developing damp and will need radiator heat to stay dry. In this case, people can still save money by turning their radiator valves to the frost setting, which is a snowflake symbol rather than a number. The setting primes the radiator to activate during frosty conditions.