In October 2021, the Queen attended a Service of Thanksgiving alongside her daughter Anne and was spotted walking with the support of a cane. On Monday, the Palace announced that the Queen will not be attending the State Opening of Parliament on May 10. Royal broadcaster and commentator Rafe Heydel-Mankoo discussed the Queen's health on GB News and reported that, despite a few past uses, the 96-year-old "isn't quite ready yet to be seen using aids" to help her walk. Speaking on GB News, host Isabel Webster said: "Let's break this down into little bits, episodic mobility means it comes and goes, her ability to move. "Presumably, we've heard rumours, not at least from Christopher Biggins who is a friend of the royals, that Her Majesty is now using a wheelchair". She added: "We understand discrete inquiries have been about the use of the wheelchair within the Palace of Westminster, why wouldn't that have been an option for Her Majesty, presumably, she could have done that but she's decided that she'd rather her son and her grandson take the mantle instead". Speaking on the show, Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "The Queen isn't quite ready yet to be seen in public using aids, whether that be walking sticks or wheelchairs. READ MORE: Queen’s speech plans to target protestors and repeal EU law to renew vigour and support "Of course, people will remember her mother, the Queen Mother, having two walking sticks but people will also remember Princess Margaret, her sister, who was in a wheelchair. "I am sure the time when Her Majesty will be happy to be seen in public like that. The royal expert added: "I am not surprised at all, that she is not attending, I assumed always that that would be the case. "It's a very tiring day, the Opening of Parliament, there is a lot of walking involved and it finishes with having to ascend several stairs to the throne. READ MORE: Royals pestered by 170 stalkers as ex-protection chief suggests negative news fuels surge Co-host Eamonn Holmes mentioned the Queen's crown, to which Mr Heydel-Mankoo responded that she "hasn't worn the crown on her last occasion". He added: "I think that will be too much to hold the heavy robes and the crown". For the State Opening of Parliament, the Queen will be represented by her son Prince Charles and her grandson Prince William. Both the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge will be jointly opening the new session of Parliament on the Queen's behalf. DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] The Prince of Wales is expected to read the Queen's Speech on her behalf. Before now, the Queen has only missed the opening of Parliament twice during her time on the throne - in 1959 and 1963 when she was pregnant. This is the latest in a number of events she has been forced to miss in recent months.