Real estate and reality show star Maya Vander took to her Instagram page in December of last year to confirm the sad news she had a stillbirth after 38 weeks of pregnancy. The Selling Sunset regular has now opened up more about the ordeal when the Oppenheim Group returned to Netflix for a special reunion episode to talk through the highs and lows of season five. Maya revealed more details about the experience of her stillbirth when the Selling Sunset stars talked through the latest season with Queer Eye’s Tan France. Tan remarked the Oppenheimers all shared a lot of details about their personal lives, both throughout the series and on social media. He then gently prompted Maya to talk through her own sad experience which occurred near the end of last year. “I had a feeling it was going to come to my story,” Maya said. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' Tan asked her: “Maya we were so sorry to hear the sad news about your baby. How are you doing, how’s the family?” “Much better,” Maya confirmed. “It’s been four and a half months and we mentioned earlier, time helps. And I think time does help.” Maya and her husband David Miller have had time to process the loss with the help of their Selling Sunset co-stars, but she was clearly emotional as she recalled the experience. She told her colleagues: “I just want to say, obviously, thanks, to each one of you. “But whenever, basically, s**t hit the fan, everybody was so kind here. And I know life happens. “We're filming reality, we don’t know how things will happen. I was 38 weeks and apparently, it was a freak accident.” Maya then became more candid about the details of the accident, which included some unfortunate problems during the birth. She recalled: “We got the autopsy report about three months ago. It was just a bad accident with the cord mixed with some swallowed placenta. But I’m doing much better." DON'T MISS:Legacies cancelled: Viewers threaten CW ‘boycott’ [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Luke Grimes on if Kayce knew about Jamie adoption [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INTERVIEW]  The long-time Oppenheim Group member has recently confirmed she doesn’t have any plans to return to Selling Sunset for season six, instead deciding to focus on her family commitments. “I have my husband, he’s amazing,” she continued. “My kids are great, they keep me going. “I work, and I’m busy, so I don’t have time to sit and cry all day long. I have my moments, you know, we all do. “That’s part of grief. Just taking this opportunity to, I guess, raise the voice for stillbirth and pregnancy loss. “I feel like I’m inspiring women and I think it helps a little bit for other women to know they’re not alone.” On December 10 last year, Maya announced the tragic news with a sad photo of a memory box containing clothes intended to be given to her baby. She wrote: “Yesterday was the hardest day of my life. I had a stillbirth at 38 weeks. I always heard of it but never imagined I’ll be part of the statistics. “Instead of delivering a baby, I get to go home with a memory box… I do not wish this on anyone. What was a regular weekly checkup turned into a nightmare that I never imagine will happen to me. “Given I share my pregnancies in the show I knew I’ll have to post about this and avoid the ‘when is your due date’ question. You will always be in our heart baby Mason.” (sic) Maya added in the reunion she was lucky to already share two children with her husband David, and still hopes she will be pregnant with another child in the future. Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.