When Richard Osman, 51, gave up his presenting role on Pointless after 13 years, speculation mounted that he might be switching from the BBC to Channel 4 to become the new host of Countdown, in the aftermath of Anne Robinson's decision to quit. However, a new tweet from the quiz show star made his thoughts clear on the matter. Referencing an article that had been written mentioning him as a potential Countdown newcomer, he clarified his status, while aiming a cheeky dig at Dictionary Corner favourite, Susie Dent, 57. "I keep reading I'm the favourite to be the new Countdown host. But there are 3 problems," he told his 1.1 million followers. "1. I just gave up a show I love because I have no time. "2.@susiedent and I are mortal enemies. READ NOW: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update "3. They should give the job to @ColinMurray." That opinion proved to be controversial, with one follower, @Monocotylidon, joking: "Whoever has hacked this account, just stop it. "1 and 2 are believable, but no-one would ever think that Colin Murray - sound chap though he is - is Countdown material. " @maryahearn3 chimed in: "I love you Richard and think you would be superb, but totally disagree on your choice of who should chair it. "I actually stopped watching while he was on. Did not fit the show at all, nor did her ladyship Anne." @RJ18742 also replied, agreeing: "Quite right Richard. Ever since Pointless and Countdown were caught up in an Oasis/Blur style ratings battle that time I think it’s best that you and @susie_dent are kept well apart. "No one wants a repeat of that carnage," he joked. Yet @StAustellAdam was incredulous, exclaiming: "Huh? How can you and Susie Dent be mortal enemies? DON'T MISS: Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST]  "Susie Dent is on the pedestal of angels, one step down from @kylieminogue who is on the top step. "You must be mistaken ... she has no enemies, mortal or otherwise." Meanwhile, some fans stated that they would prefer Richard to focus on his hit Thursday Murder Club novels, which he abandoned his Pointless role to spend more time on. @booqerty tweeted back: "I agree don’t do it, with all your extra time how about one new Thursday Murder club book a month? "Well I suppose you have to sleep so every 2 months, or 3 podcast chapters read by Lesley Manville either is fine." When Richard announced that he was leaving his enormously popular BBC role, fellow quiz show star Mark Labbett, also known as The Beast on The Chase, told him the greatest compliment he could give him was: "Thank goodness you are going!" Despite a formidable reputation, however, Richard decided to step away from Pointless - and Anne Robinson then announced she would be withdrawing herself from Countdown too, to focus on her grandchildren and New York home. In spite of the coincidence, his latest tweet seems to rule out any possibility of him taking up the reins.