In an interview with Express.co.uk, Mr Korshunov explained what actions people can immediately take to counter the harmful fallout of chemical warfare, by acting quickly to protect their health. Mr Korshunov advised people to use clean dry clothing to cover the airways, in order to keep the harmful toxins out of the lungs. Russian Government Officials along with President Vladimir Putin, have been threatening retaliation in the form of nuclear weapons.  But Western officials have warned that Russia could use biological weapons, these weapons violate international law due to the inhumane cruelty they cause. Mr Korshunov said: "A chemical weapon, after explosions, will be delivered by the air. “And try not to breathe the air. Maybe find clothes, make them dry and breathe through these clothes and also some kinds of chemical weapons are really different.   JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: 'Apologise!' Chechen warlord threatens EU country after public humiliation     Mr Kushunov said: “And it works really differently, but first of all you need to go away. “Because some kinds of weapons can you know, fire your skin, some kinds can fire your lungs. “And when you breathe, so first of all you need to go away because it works in a short time, and it’s really intense.” Russia has already been accused of using such weapons on Ukraine and there are still major fears Putin might ultimately resort to nuclear weapons. READ MORE: Ukraine pulls rug from under Orban with stark threat as Hungary blocks Russia sanctions     Ukrainian officials already reported the use of thermobaric weapons being used on the Ukrainian cities by Russian forces. Russia has also been threatening nuclear warfare against the West, but some experts believe Russian President Vladimir Putin could use Ukraine to justify the use. Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of Russia Dmitry Medvedev said: "First, the pumping of Ukraine by NATO countries with weapons, the training of its troops to use Western equipment, the dispatch of mercenaries, and the conduct of exercises by the countries of the Alliance near our borders increase the likelihood of a direct and open conflict between NATO and Russia instead of their 'war by proxy'.     “Third, this will be a catastrophic scenario for everyone." Defence Minister James Heappey also warned that if Russia were to use chemical biological weapons, Putin could expect an immediate reaction from NATO-aligned countries. Mr Heappey told the Today programme: "I don't think it's helpful to get into any firm commitment right now about where that red line sits, but I think President Putin needs to be very clear that when other countries have used chemical weapons it has caused an international response. "I think he should reflect very urgently on what has happened to other countries where they have used them."