Former Leeds United player and manager Eddie Gray is hopeful that his side avoiding relegation will persuade Raphinha to stay at the club next season. The Brazilian winger has been attracting interest from teams set to play in the Champions League, including Barcelona, but Gray hopes the 25-year-old will turn down those offers and remain at Elland Road. Barcelona have already made an initial approach, as their £46million bid was reportedly turned down by Leeds while journalist Gianluigi Longari claims that Raphinha has already agreed on personal terms with the Spanish giant. Gray, who made over 400 appearances for Leeds, told talkSPORT: “Raphinha, he will be well sought-after because he can play. His penalty yesterday under the circumstances was tremendous. “He plays the game like a typical Brazilian, he is a great talent and he loves the game. Every time he has played for our club he always puts it in, puts a shift in all the time. “I think he will be well sought-after by other clubs in the league, but hopefully us staying in the Premier League will persuade him that Leeds United is his club.” Leeds avoided relegation to the Championship on the final day of the season, as Raphinha scored in their 2-1 win at Brentford. Burnley suffered defeat by the same scoreline to Newcastle as Jesse Marsch’s team leapfrogged the Clarets to safety. Had Leeds suffered final-day heartbreak, Raphinha's £21million relegation clause could have been activated, opening the door for a significant summer coup. Now it would take a significantly higher fee to prise Raphinha away from Leeds, close to the £63million release clause in his contract. Leeds are already planning for next season in the top flight, as they are set to complete a £22million deal for RB Salzburg midfielder Brenden Aaronson. Leeds survived on the final day, taking the lead against Brentford through Raphinha when the winger calmly dispatched his penalty past David Raya. Sergi Canos equalised for the hosts, and two minutes later was sent off as Leeds went in search of a winning goal. They found that goal in the fourth minute of stoppage time when Jack Harrison’s strike sealed their place in next season’s Premier League. Marsch will hope his side can avoid being in another relegation battle next year, and will look to build on the side he has with Raphinha in it. The Brazilian has scored 11 Premier League goals this campaign, bettering the six goals he scored in his debut season in England. He also registered three assists in 35 league games this season, totalling 29 goal involvements in 65 league games for Leeds.