Alexander Dreymon returned as Uhtred of Bebbanburg for the final season of The Last Kingdom on Netflix. This time he faced an extra challenge as he worked on both sides of the camera, as a director for some of the episodes. The star opened up about one of the difficult scenes he witnessed during the fifth outing. The Last Kingdom season five held one of the top spots on Netflix for a number of weeks as it was the most explosive instalment yet. Uhtred finally claimed back his homeland of Bebbanburg and his story will continue in the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. The final season will be one of the most memorable for the actor as he took some time to work behind the camera. Although he enjoyed the experience, it posed a few challenges, including one scene with King Edward actor Timothy Innes. "We called it Tim's play, it was a scene we shot over a couple of days. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twist "It just seemed to never end, he was sitting on this throne and everybody was staged around him, it became Tim's play," he told Cosmopolitan. Finan actor Mark Rowley said they must have shot the scene "about 50 times, easy, if not more. He was on it all the time". Dreymon praised Innes for taking on the difficult scene, in which his character had to burst into a fit of rage. He said: "He was so good, even in rehearsal he just brought it. "He had to get mad in the scene and he went there every time and the whole room was just like..." Aelswith actress Eliza Butterworth said it was strange seeing such a different side to her co-star. She said: "Tim is one of the most social, fabulous people but he was so in his zone that day. "He was fabulous, he did the most stunning job and we must have shot it a million times. "It was incredible for him to come up with so many different versions of it and we were all like 'wow'. "But it did feel like you were at the Royal Shakespeare Company watching someone play [Prince] Hal." DON'T MISS... Alexander Dreymon girlfriend: Is The Last Kingdom star dating? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon pens sweet email to co-star [DISCUSSION] Why isn't Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth in Seven Kings Must Die? [EXPLAINER] Opening up on what it was like directing an episode of the finale, Dreymon said there were some "very technical aspects". He added: "I spent as much time in front of the camera as I did behind the camera, so I was definitely thrown in at the deep end but I’m completely in love with it. "I’m just so grateful to have been able to do it. "There’s just no way of knowing the breadth of the director’s responsibilities and what it means to carry the weight of that unless you do it. "And I thought I knew, but I really had no idea." The star said it gave him more "honour and respect" for the creators of the series. He added: "It made me want to help the directors that I’m working with even more than before. "To get them to be able to do their job because they have so much to take care of. "I think in the future in any way that I can take weight off of their shoulders in a productive way, in my role as an actor, I’ll endeavour to do." With this in mind, he may have had some directorial input in the upcoming film, which has now finished production.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.