According to Marc Diggett, the multinational lingerie firm claimed his company’s name sounded too similar. Mr Diggett told Cornwall Live he received a 'letter of opposition' and a threat that he could be sued from the retailer after he applied to trademark his brand name, Ansum, which specialises in T-shirts and hoodies. Mr Diggett decided to create his own clothing brand after the barbershop he owns was forced to close during the Covid pandemic lockdowns. But a week before receiving the registration for his trademark, he says he received a letter from a legal representative of Ann Summers, stating that he could not use the name. The entrepreneur says he named his brand after the popular and historic Cornish expression 'ansum', meaning handsome – a widely-used term of endearment. But Ann Summers argued that potential customers might get the two companies confused - despite the fact they have completely different spellings, target audiences and products. Marc, from the village of Mount Hawke in Cornwall, said: "The thought that the names sounded similar hadn't even entered my mind when I came up with it. My target market is not the underwear or lingerie market, it's more based on the surfing beach communities of Cornwall, where the idea came from. There's clearly no conflict and they didn't really research it." However, in a letter seen by CornwallLive, a legal representative for Ann Summers wrote that it opposed the trademark Ansum on the basis that "it is similar to an earlier trademark and is to be registered for goods or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trademark is protected, there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public, which includes the likelihood of association with the earlier trademark". It further added that those who are unfamiliar with the Cornish dialect or meaning of the word ansum could easily get the two mixed up and that the average consumer might perceive the word ‘Ansum’ as a shortened version of Ann Summers. As a result, the retail giant proposed a number of restrictions on the trademark, highlighting that Marc could not sell anything relating to "underclothing, lingerie or sleeping garments".   