Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to hit back at "wokies" following reports his new TalkTV show ratings are plummeting. The outspoken personality, 57, claimed that his new show Uncensored was the "number one news show" on TV for an hour last night as he celebrated beating the big broadcasters. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the former Life Stories star defiantly hit back after it was claimed the ratings of his new show have dropped. Piers wrote: "Lots of Guardian readers are getting very excited by my @PiersUncensored ratings, and so they should be! "It’s amazing that we were the No1 news show in Britain at 8-9pm last night, beating BBC News, Sky News and GB News. "Facts don’t care about your feelings, wokies," he added, alongside a smiling face. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update However, figures of the outspoken personality's new show have nosedived after just one week of landing on the new network. The channel's flagship show has struggled to match up to its launch night figures with ratings plummeting. An average of 316,800 TalkTV viewers watched Piers interview the former world leader last week. Piers has interviewed boxing champion Tyson Fury, Caitlyn Jenner and convicted tennis ace Boris Becker's ex Lilly Becker in the space of a week, but ratings are continuing to slip. According to the latest figures, Piers' 8pm show only attracted 61,700 on Tuesday evening - which was an 80 percent drop from the opening night's viewership. Trump himself has weighed in on the ratings for Piers Morgan: Uncensored after his interview aired on launch night, adding: “Ratings for the Piers Morgan interview with me were great! "Unfortunately, after that interview, his show bombed completely because of the fake narrative he tried to portray. "The fact is, I got a new closeup glimpse at Piers, and he no longer has what it takes. It’s over for him!” DON'T MISS... Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [INSIGHT]Dan Walker admits 'surreal' feeling over last day on BBC Breakfast [UPDATE]Kate Moss' daughter steals spotlight in daring sheer gown at Met Gala [ANALYSIS] Piers' followers flocked to the comments to have their say on his defiant tweet. Twitter user @AndyInSalford wrote: "Because it's a news channel... folk watch other stuff, like the soaps  and stuff. "It was the novelty effect for the first few days... that's worn off now, so folk are not watching." While @ArthurNewman_7 quipped: "People don’t watch news at 8pm Piers." Speaking at the press launch of Uncensored, the star told Express.co.uk and other publications how he welcomed the "whiny, miserable, joyless wokies" on to his show where he promised to "give them a fair hearing". Piers said: "Try not to be triggered by coming on a TV show and come and defend what your position is. "Come and tell me why it's right, that you can only have certain types of speakers at universities, where kids are supposed to be furthering their mind with all kinds of views. "Come and tell me why. If you think I'm wrong about the trans athlete debate, come and tell me why. "But don't just try and have me destroyed for having a different opinion to you," he added. Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV.