The public prosecutor’s office in Braunschweig, Germany, which is investigating Maddie’s disappearance, said recently that new charges were being prepared against Christian B, due to be announced at the end of May. Convicted rapist and child sexual abuser Christian B was identified as a suspect in Madeleine's disappearance by investigators in Braunschweig in June 2020. They are currently investigating if Christian B could be responsible for the abduction of Maddie. Christian B has always denied all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. The news that Christian B’s other alleged crimes are to be acted upon is a welcome development after recent events offered little in the way of progress in the case. In the past few weeks, there has been a flurry of activity regarding Christian B in relation to Maddie’s disappearance. On April 21, Portuguese prosecutors named him as an “arguido”, or named suspect, in their investigation into the disappearance, ahead of the fifteenth anniversary of Madeleine’s vanishing. However, Hans Christian Wolters, spokesperson for the German prosecutors’ office, told Express.co.uk, at the time the move was to avoid the statute of limitations on charging people for such crimes in Portugal, and that investigations remained ongoing. READ MORE: Maddie McCann: What does the latest breakthrough mean? Though investigators have yet to bring charges in relation to the disappearance of Maddie, Mr Wolters said that other cases against Christian B were in the “final round” of preparation. Details of those charges are expected to be announced at the end of the month. Commenting on recent developments, Charlie Hedges, former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection unit at the National Crime Agency and expert at Amber Alert, cautioned that prosecutors have “still got to have the proof for that specific case”. However, he acknowledged that such legal activity could sometimes generate a “momentum” to resolve those other cases. Speaking to Express.co.uk in February, Aagje Ieven, secretary general of Missing Children Europe, said: “It does happen that cases get closed after such a very long time. It happens more often that when a new case happens or when another case is closed, then more cases come up.” She noted that “these are not very common cases; they don't happen very often”, but added that it was something “that does happen, every once in a while, when there is one perpetrator who's linked to more than one case.” Ms Ieven noted a recent case in Belgium, where one perpetrator was said to have been caught for a particular case, before being linked to a much older case. In this context, asked if the new charges being prepared against Christian B could lead to a breakthrough in the Maddie case, either through new evidence being found or by motivating a confession, Mr Hedges remained open to the possibility. He said the other charges anticipated to be brought “may precipitate a guilty plea, or a confession, but still each individual case still needs to be built”. He added that occasionally “you can get a sort of momentum behind it that pushes it on and actually resolves things”. Asked how likely the possibility of a suspect charged with other alleged crimes confessing to a further crime they are suspected of, the former UK policeman said that generally “it depends on the mindset of the suspect. “Some of them love the power of not revealing things so that they can hang on to that — because they've got bugger all left when they're inside. “That's their last bit of power or control and they don't want to reveal that information. DON'T MISS: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain' [REPORT] Russian troops admit '25,900 dead' after 2 months of war in phone call [REVEAL] Germany sparks EU outrage over plan to pay for gas in rubles [REACTION] “Others conversely, like the notoriety and they think: ‘Ooh, well I've got nothing else to look forward to so I might as well go down as being the kingpin in this and have a bit of a name for myself’. “Some people are very closed-minded and anti-authority and don't want to admit to anything, so it's trying to get inside their head and understand how they think.” Mr Hedges has previously suggested that he thought it unlikely that Christian B in particular would willingly link himself to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. Christian B has been accused of playing “mind games” with investigators, after he gave a supposedly “very detailed” alibi to a Channel 5 documentary, due to air tomorrow (Tuesday), after reportedly refusing to speak to investigators. A Channel 5 insider claimed to sister paper the Mirror that the documentary team had “spoken to four people who have gone on the record to independently, in different ways, support his alibi”. Mr Wolters dismissed the claim, stating: “We’re not aware of any alibi at all. He has not given any information so far — not even via his defence attorney.” A source close to the case in Germany told the Sun: “It’s very frustrating for the investigators — they feel Christian B is playing games with them. “It would have made sense for him to reveal his supposed alibi the moment he came under suspicion. It’s just mind games.” After Christian B was named an arguido, he was reportedly questioned by German investigators on behalf of the Portuguese authorities, but is said not to have responded to their requests for information. In a recent letter, seen by MailOnline and penned from his Oldenburg prison cell, Christian B told an unnamed woman he “did nothing — well almost nothing”. Mr Hedges told Express.co.uk: “There's not a lot else of interest going on in prison. [...] You might get a day trip out somewhere — you might get a trip to Portugal. [It can't be] entertaining sitting in that box for that time. “People who are criminals at that level tend to be fairly manipulative, and they have that psyche within that likes to control and manipulate. And that's another way of doing it; they've got people dancing around them. “They know there's a huge amount of notoriety around the McCann case. So you've got a real platform for lots of fun and playing with the authorities and the public mind.”