It’s not just state pensioners who qualify for free travel - 10 groups of people qualify for a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK. Yet, not everyone is making the most of this freebie. There’s never been a more important time to make savings where possible and one way people could do this is by making the most of freebies like a free bus pass. While many people are aware state pensioners in England can apply for a free bus pass at 66-years-old, not everyone is making the most of it. People in England qualify for a free bus pass when they reach the state pension age of 66. That said, some may be able to get a free bus pass earlier than this age, for example in London a person can travel free on buses, tubes and other transport when they're 60, but only within London. In Scotland and Wales they are entitled to this benefit when they reach 60-years-old. However, it’s not just age that determines whether someone qualifies for a free bus pass, this ‘freebie’ is also available to people who are blind or partially sighted. People who are deaf or unable to speak usually also qualify and in some cases, their carers can apply too. While there are no exact figures for who is missing out, some 850,000 pensioners aren’t claiming Pension Credit. This Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit would enable them to a free bus pass, free TV licence (if they are 75 and over) and financial help towards housing, energy bills and council tax. DON'T MISS: Incredible reason why house prices WON’T crash this year [INSIGHT]Bitcoin will crash to $20,000 and stay there. Crypto meltdown not over [WARNING]Woman in tears after losing over £49,000 to romance scam [ALERT]  In total 10 groups of people qualify for a free bus pass including: Anyone who is deaf or unable to speakSomeone who can’t walk very far because of a disability, illness or injuryAn individual who doesn’t have arms or can’t use their armsA person who has a severe learning disabilitySomeone who has been refused a driving licence because of their health (but not because of problems with drugs or alcohol)Jobseekers who are on Universal Credit may be able to get half price bus and train travelUnder 18s if they live in ScotlandOver 60s in Scotland and WalesThose 66 and over in England.  To apply for a free bus pass, people should go onto their local council’s website as rules differ depending on where they live. Meanwhile, anyone can get a half price train ticket until May 27 as part of the rail industry’s Great British Rail Sale. It’s hoped cutting the cost of rail travel will help ease some of the pressure on family finances. Britons should also check they are receiving all the benefits and freebies they are entitled to by putting their details into an online benefits calculator. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credit claimants are losing out on £15billion in unclaimed DWP benefits every year according to Entitled to. Bills are soaring, yet nearly three million (2.7) households in Britain aren’t claiming a council tax reduction they are eligible for. More than one million people are missing out on Universal Credit despite the fact they would qualify. To find out if someone could claim financial help from the DWP, there’s a handy benefits calculator on Gov.uk.