Princess Charlotte, seven, is the second child of Kate Middleton and Prince William. She is most likely going to become the Princess Royal in the future, which is the title currently held by Princess Anne. What kind of working royal will Charlotte be? Judi James, a body language expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “Charlotte’s position in the Royal Family and her apparent approach to it makes her a fascinating watch in terms of her body language and personality. “Her ‘second child syndrome’ predecessors make for a daunting list: Princess Margaret, whose ‘always the bridesmaid’ vibe resulted in resentment, rebellion and a life spent more like a celebrity diva than a royal. “Princess Anne with her stoicism and dedication to hard work, or Prince Harry, whose resentments ended in a total severing of ties with his older brother," the expert suggested.  READ MORE: Historian tells Kate and William to send children to state school How does Charlotte compare to these other royal spares? Judi claimed: “Happily, Charlotte looks as though she is more likely to be just Charlotte, a unique, confident and already quite decisive personality who has opinions on how she wants to be seen as an individual alongside a willingness to learn the skills and protocols of being a royal. “While George is happily becoming a smaller version of his dad, Charlotte seems unencumbered by any over-powering role models so far. “Whereas Margaret and to an extent Harry were presented in a ‘twinned’ style, with the expectations of the closest sibling double-act, Charlotte has a younger and older brother and clearly no intention of doubling-up with either of them. “This is despite the fact that she and George are always shown acting as playmates and friends.”  What have her recent appearances shown about the Princess? Judi added: “In her more recent appearances her trait of decisiveness seems to be growing, along with her confidence. “When she walked with her family she was the one stepping out ahead and she is already showing signs of a quiet reluctance to hold hands with her parents, suggesting she sees herself as being rather grown-up already. “As her father offers his hand here we can see her clasping her own hands behind her back in a gesture of firm avoidance that looks confident, rather than naughty or rebellious. “She will mirror her mother and she will still hold hands with her, but Kate’s facial expression often suggests that is not open to discussion at that point in the appearance,” the expert noted.   She continued: “During Prince Philip’s memorial service though we saw glimpses of positive personality traits that could define what the adult Charlotte might be like. “Firstly there was her thoughtful and confident use of what looked like mentored traits of being a royal. “Charlotte stepped forward to shake hands and chat to the line of church leaders and her sweet ‘lightning smile’ showed she already understands the importance getting the royal greetings and facial expressions right at the right time. “Charlotte might show her naturally impatient side at times, like the ways he pulled at her mum’s skirts when the farewells threatened to go on a bit, but she also appears to understand the idea of duty, like the great-grandmother she so clearly resembles. “Charlotte’s other trait that surfaced during the same service was what looked like empathy and caring.   “Beatrice was clearly overcome with emotion during the service and openly sobbing. It was little Charlotte who turned to look back at her with what looked like concern, prompting Beatrice to smile and nod to reassure her she was actually ok.” Does Charlotte have any “middle sibling” traits? Judi continued: “Charlotte’s current position as middle sibling will possibly give her the freedom to make her own choices in life. “Her signals of confidence, decisiveness and individuality suggest she will make the most of that freedom in a similar way to Anne’s children, who she seems to be friends with, and Edward and Sophie’s. “But she also shows that, like Kate, she understands the importance of protocol and duty as well as perfecting that smile for the public appearances.” 