The lorry broke down on a roundabout leading to the shop and caused hour-long queues on Friday morning. However, while the exit was blocked, other motorists were still allowed to enter the supermarket car park. With the exit completely blocked and more vehicles entering the car park, a large backlog of traffic built up over time, according to one furious driver. Martin Ward, from Hayling Island, said he planned to spend no more than five minutes in the store running errands – but he actually spent more than an hour and a half waiting to drive home. Mr Ward said: “There are a lot of people getting out of their cars, very frustrated. “It looks like it will take another hour to get out. READ MORE: Lawyer’s expert advice on dealing with parking tickets “Every access road is completely blocked.” However, despite the chaos, Mr Ward claimed that he did not see any staff or police directing traffic to turn around before entering the supermarket car park and adding to the congestion. The driver added that vehicles were allowed to continuously stream in. He said: “What I would have wanted to have happened is someone down at the roundabout with a sign saying ‘traffic hold up’.” DON'T MISS Elderly driver vows to fight parking fine after blue badge row [SHOCKING] ‘Smart motorways are our safest roads’ says National Highways boss [REVEAL] Angry delivery driver on being targeted by parking wardens [INSIGHT] The lorry was eventually removed from the round-about with the traffic resuming back to normal. However, this was not the first time that drivers were left stuck at the site, with several nightmare traffic jams clogging the supermarket since 2019. The news comes after a Tesco delivery lorry driver became wedged down a Bristol side street for some 15 hours. Photographs showed the driver of articulated lorry had appeared to turn a sharp right into the narrow road but became very much stuck. Locals in trendy Montpelier, Bristol, said the lorry driver arrived at just before 7am on Thursday, and it was there for the rest of the day and into the evening. Police arrived and the roads in the area were blocked - by the HGV - and some kind of operation had to be mounted to extract the lorry from the narrow street. Speaking to Bristol Live, one resident said: "It's been there since 7am. I spoke to the police at the scene, they said they are awaiting recovery. "I should imagine it's going to be quite a while before it's moved as it was a real head-scratcher." It's believed the lorry left Avonmouth, Bristol, early Thursday morning to deliver groceries across the city but quickly came into difficulty in the wealthy suburb. People online mocked the gaffe. One Facebook user stated: "If he goes back an inch then forward an inch he should get out. Every little helps." Another posted: "Ah, you can only get down that street if you have a Clubcard." A third shared: "Smear the sides with marge. Every little helps." Hampshire Police spokesperson said: "We were called at 11.10am on Friday 13 May to a report that a lorry had broken down on the roundabout at Purbrook Way and Hulbert Road in Havant. 2Officers attended to assist with traffic control while the lorry was recovered. 2Some of Purbrook Way was closed for a short time so that the lorry could be safely towed from the scene. "The lorry had been recovered by 12.08pm." Express.co.uk has contacted Asda asking for comment.