Queen Letizia of Spain attended the 81st Madrid Book Fair yesterday. The royal was greeted by the Spanish Education Minister Pilar Alegria, and for the occasion, she wore a bright pink dress and matching shoes. The dress is by Hugo Boss, and is said to be the Dellisi maxi dress in hot pink. It is a boho-inspired dress by BOSS Womenswear. It is crafted in pure silk with a washed finish for elegance. The dress includes a mandarin neckline with long sleeves, but since the weather was warm, the Queen had rolled the sleeves up to just below the elbow. READ MORE: Queen Letizia's affordable skincare method to look '5 years younger' The dress also featured a voluminous skirt with feminine ruching. A cord belt adds interest and creates definition at the waist. Queen Letizia has worn this dress once before, June 9, 2021. In terms of price, because this dress isn’t in Hugo Boss’ current season, it is unknown. DON'T MISS...Laundry tips: Correct way to fold socks - step by step guide [VIDEO]Queen Elizabeth enjoys cucumber sandwiches with unusual herb inside [RECIPE]How to look younger: Eyebrow shape to avoid or risk the face ‘ageing’ [EXCLUSIVE] On her feet were a pair of Calooui Saladeta wedges, in the colour bubblegum. They are made by a Spanish brand, in the Queen’s home country and can be purchased for £109 or €129.00 online. In terms of the shoes' features, they are an espadrille with a wedge made in suede. There is a braided fabric around the heel, and cream coloured ankle straps which Queen Letizia had changed to pink, to match the toe, and tied in a criss-cross formation over and above her ankle. As for accessories, Queen Letizia wore no rings apart from her signature ring. It is a gold-plated sterling silver ring which is the shape of a large hollow oval is from Karen Hallam, a Spanish brand set up by a designer originally from London. The ‘Signature Ring’ as it is known, is sold from anywhere from £93 to £724, depending on the size of the ring you purchase. The monarch chose to wear her hair down with bouncy curls at the ends, and simple gold hoop earrings. Fans commented on her outfit on social media. One said: “Queen Letizia was looking flawless in the BOSS dress.” Another added: “The lovely Queen Letizia, looking radiant in pink.” One comment read: “Queen Letizia looking pretty with a total pink outfit.”