Liverpool fan Conor Coady has explained how his Wolves team can do the Reds a huge favour by beating Manchester City on Wednesday night. Wolves welcome City to Molineux in a crucial match in the Premier League title race. Pep Guardiola's side currently sit top of the table, three points clear of Liverpool in second. Jurgen Klopp's team face Aston Villa 24 hours earlier, so could be level on points with City if they pick up a valuable victory at Villa Park. Wolves have had some success over City since their promotion back to the top flight in 2018. They have two wins and a draw from their seven league clashes in that time, with City winning just once at Molineux. Coady is a boyhood Liverpool supporter and came through the academy at Anfield, making two senior appearances before leaving in 2014. The Wolves skipper has outlined the importance of staying in the match against City for as long as possible, knowing his side will not see much of the ball. READ MORE: Partey 'has doors open for Arsenal exit' with Juventus keen on potential swap deal  Asked how Wolves can beat City, Coady told talkSPORT: "Defending well, defending as well as we can. Being compact, being together and staying in the game as long as possible. "I think a lot of teams other than the top two will probably tell you the same thing because they're so hard to come up against, it's so hard to get the ball off them at times. Listen, you want to go into every game and try and keep the ball and have as much possession as you can. "But I think we understand the situation when you're going up against two of the best teams in the world and sometimes you may have to play a little bit of a different way. You have to be resilient, you have to be determined, you have to stay in it, be compact and defend properly. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag' [SOCIAL]Man Utd 'agree' first transfer for Erik ten Hag ahead of busy summer [GOSSIP]Chelsea backed to sign three England stars as new owners 'want to make a statement' [QUOTES]  "And when you have the ball, try and affect the game as quick as possible. That's what we'll be looking at, that's how I'll be looking in terms of going into the game. "But we're really looking forward to it, it's a massive game, huge game. Playing at Molineux at any time under the lights is fantastic for us."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here