The Alfa Romeo driver lost control of his car at the fast turn seven, spinning out and smashing into the barriers. The session was immediately red flagged, becoming the first incident at the new Miami track.  The Finnish star appeared to lose control of his car on the exit, smashing into the barrriers on the edfe of the circuit seconds later. He apologised to his team moments after the crash, adding: “​​Sorry guys, just lost it". Bottas' rear wing looked destroyed after the sizeable impact with the barrier. However, he jumped out of the car monents later and returned back to the paddock. Several drivers have already made mistakes on the new circuit as the F1 stars try to find the limits. READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel mocks FIA ruling by wearing grey boxers in pitlane  Bottas had had a positive start to the new campaign since his switch to Alfa Romeo. He has picked up 24 points so far this season and has even battled with the Mercedes duo of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell this season. Turn seven has already received plenty of attention among the drivers as being one of the most critical corners on the track. AlphaTauri star Yuki Tsunoda said the corner could make a 'big time difference' if driven correctly. He even warned the corner was one of the 'key' areas on the layout and will increase the chances of overtaking. Pierre Gasly also highlghted the area as a 'never-ending' left hander which is 'extremely long'. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton threatens to skip Miami GP as FIA row takes major twist [INSIGHT]Miami GP track faces last-minute repairs despite never hosting a race [ANALYSIS]Hamilton expecting huge 20 lbs weight loss over Miami GP weekend [COMMENT] Bottas addressed the new Miami track ahead of the weekend, claiming the track appeared to good for overtaking. He said: "It seems to be a really good track for overtaking. Like, I think the way the track has been planned, I think, from my side, it looks positive. It should be good racing. "Yeah, pretty long straights and a couple of really good overtaking opportunities. So, let’s see how it is done in real life but to me on paper, it looks good. And I’m sure as an event it’s going to be pretty amazing.”