It leaves more than a fifth of care home beds in England unfilled. And the percentage of residents paying for care is also down, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) found. There were 360,792 residents occupying 77.8 per cent of care home beds between March 1, 2021, and February 28 of this year. Of those, 34.9 per cent (125,954 residents) were paying for some or all of their care, with the remainder funded by the state. But between August 2019 and March 2020, when the pandemic started, the ONS estimated there were 391,927 residents occupying 84.7 per cent of beds. Of these, 36.7 per cent (143,774) were self-funded. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: "It's no surprise that occupancy is down. If it's because older people and their families have decided staying at home with care coming in is the better option for them then it's probably no bad thing. "However, the worry is that some older people are being put off by fear of isolation from family and friends, as witnessed during the pandemic, or by unaffordable fees." She added: "Independently run care homes can't afford losses for any length of time. "The big chains can ride out a bad patch, but ongoing vacancies will jeopardise the continuation of most smaller care home busi- nesses. We don't want to lose any more care homes just now, as it's hard enough for older people to find a good one nearby as it is." The ONS analysed data from care homes for adults of all ages collected by the Care Quality Commission. The Independent Care Group, which represents providers in York and North Yorkshire, said alarm bells should be ringing. Chairman Mike Padgham said: "Covid-19 devastated bed occupancy, and admission levels are struggling to recover because confidence has been affected. "At the same time, the sector is going through a staffing crisis. And now rocketing bills are placing huge financial pressures on those homes. This is a terrible time for the social care sector - the worst I have known." For the third time, we have written to the Care Quality Commission about its role during the pandemic. Previous letters have focused on its inaction. As older people in care were isolated from their families, the CQC's lack of action left them at continued risk. The impact was devastating as people deteriorated from loneliness or felt abandoned in the fog of dementia. The CQC's own guidance is making the situation worse. On managing infection, it encourages profoundly concerning practices such as isolating residents in their rooms after hospital visits, the use of visiting rooms, screens and booking systems. Our helpline would hear how unworkable visiting rooms are for people with dementia who would often just leave and become upset or even angry when their visitor didn't follow. People have told us their homes have felt more like prison. It is little wonder people face an uphill battle when the CQC's guidance is encouraging restrictions on fundamental rights. It is astonishing and completely unacceptable for the regulator, which exists to protect people from harm, to be promoting such poor care. Unaffordable... Care homes occupancy is down