The actress told how the monarch has “earned” the four days’ worth of celebrations that mark her 70 years on the throne. She added: “I love the idea that she ducked opening parliament, but went to the lovely horse show.  “The country is shouting ‘Yes, you’ve earned this! Do this plenty!’ "'You're still doing the red boxes, you're still meeting diplomats and all that sort of stuff - so whenever you can, grab the chance to do something you want to do your majesty, because we love you!'" The 96-year-old missed her first State Opening of Parliament in 59 years due to “episodic mobility problems”, but that did not stop her from attending the horse show in the grounds of Windsor Castle days later. Prince Charles and Prince William stepped in for the monarch at the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday, May 10. READ MORE: Jubilee puzzle: Like Where's Wally with dogs - can you spot the Corgi?  Ms Lumley has just written a book on the Queen’s reign, and spoke of some of her reasons for loving the Queen. She said: "I adored her from the first moment I saw her, which was on film when I was seven years old out in Malaysia, where my father was serving with his Gurkha regiment. "I didn't know where London was, I didn't know anything about England, but I knew that the old king had died and this was the new young one who was going to be the Queen. "Then when I finally realised that in my profession, because I'm an actress and because you quite often get to do these things, that I was going to be in one of the line-ups to meet the Queen, your heart starts beating and beating, because you're suddenly going to meet this object, this idol, this figure that you've venerated all your life."  DON'T MISS:BBC shame as Redwood lays into Brexit-bashing beeb [INSIGHT]Dr Shola slams Queen as not 'fit to be head of state of other nations' [OPINION]Spain and Portugal break ranks with Brussels and 'disobey EU' [ANALYSIS]  When talking about the Queen’s upcoming jubilee pageant, she added: “What I've longed for most of all is the parade, because they always seem so fantastically bizarre. "You get marching bands and soldiers, then you get sort of bikers and rambling people and charities. "It's such a hotchpotch of things, it's going to be absolutely enchanting."The actress has been “infatuated” with the Queen since watching her 1953 Coronation on TV. The Platinum Jubilee will begin on June 2 with the Trooping of the Colours parade. 