Roger Federer and his agent are said to have held positive talks with Carlos Alcaraz regarding an appearance at the Laver Cup. The electrifying Spaniard caught the eye of the Swiss Maestro following his superb start to the year.  Now he and his agent Tony Godsick are now keen to sign the teenager up for the team event. The tournament organisers are desperate for men’s tennis’ brightest young star to join Federer and Rafael Nadal on Team Europe this year, and he seems keen to take part. “Captain Borg would love to have him on the team, as would we,” the Laver Cup’s chairman Tony Godsick told the i paper. “I know some discussions have taken place. The indication I’ve heard from the team is that he’s excited about learning more. I’m optimistic that he’s going to play. “He would be an incredible asset, not only this year, but in the future. So we’re really excited about making sure that he’s on Team Europe.” The Laver Cup is a team tournament created by the Swiss ace and his TEAM8 management company. Since its inception in 2017, Team Europe have yet to lose to Team World and Alcaraz donning the blue and white at the O2 Arena this September will further increase their chances of retaining the trophy. JUST IN: Write Rafa Nadal off at your peril - he's the clay king and thrives when going gets tough  Godsick added that Federer, who is one of the 19-year-old childhood heroes, playing in the tournament may influence his decision to play. “This is actually one of the reasons why we created it. Tennis was missing an opportunity for different generations to get together once a year,” he said.  Earlier this month, he became the first man to beat Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal in consecutive matches on clay before becoming the youngest player to lift the title. His next challenge? To win his first grand slam and he will get that chance when the French Open commences tomorrow. “Winning here gives me a lot of confidence ahead of Roland Garros and it's something I have as my goal,” he told Marca after picking up his second Masters 1000 title. “My goal this year is to win a Grand Slam and hopefully it will be in Paris.” He will open his campaign against Argentina’s Juan Ignacio Londero and could face either Nadal or Djokovic in the semi-finals. 