Manchester United’s senior stars have reportedly complained the club have too many ‘Instagram players’. The club have endured a horrendous season under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And things could get even worse today, with the Red Devils in action against Crystal Palace. Manchester United thought they’d challenge for the Premier League title back in the summer, especially when they landed the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. But that hasn’t happened, with the Red Devils winning just 16 of their 37 matches so far. Solskjaer was sacked back in November and Rangnick has, in the time since, seen results go from bad to worse. Now, ahead of United’s match with Palace, the Daily Mail claim senior players have ‘complained’ about the club’s transfer policy. It’s said they believe the Red Devils have too many ‘Instagram players’ and are prioritising image over achievement. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Sources at the club are also said to think the season was doomed from the start. The decision to bring Ronaldo back has caused issues behind the scenes, despite the 37-year-old scoring 24 goals across all competitions. United players, it seems, haven’t bought into the idea of doing more running so Ronaldo can grab the limelight. And that’s meant the club enduring their worst-ever Premier League season since the top flight was created in 1992. With Erik ten Hag now primed to take over, United are hopeful the future will be better and brighter than the present. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And several players are being linked as the Red Devils gear up for a summer spending spree. At the back, United are admirers of Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber. Torres was on their radar 12 months ago, only for the Spain international to end up staying at Villarreal. Yet United are keeping tabs on the centre-back, while Timber’s entourage are presently in talks over a move to Old Trafford. In midfield, the Red Devils are set to lose Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba - who are wanted by Roma and Juventus respectively. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Frenkie de Jong, Ruben Neves, Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips have all been linked as potential replacements for the pair. Up top, United know they can’t rely on solely Ronaldo for goals. So that’s led to them tracking Darwin Nunez and Antony, who have sparkled for Benfica and Ajax respectively this summer. Meanwhile, ahead of United’s match with Palace, Rangnick has reflected on his time in the dugout. And the German has admitted he’s failed, insisting he wishes he and his coaching staff had been able to get better results. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I'm more than self-critical. I should have done better" said the former RB Leipzig and Hoffenheim boss. "I expected that me and my coaching staff could have developed this team in a more sustainable kind of way. “We couldn’t and it’s not only the players who should be blamed, it should be ourselves. “We all could and should have done better but there are obvious reasons why it didn't happen.” If United beat Palace today then it will mean qualifying for the Europa League - a tournament they previously won in 2017 when Jose Mourinho was manager.