The latest round of talks on the Northern Ireland Protocol has beckon a fresh series of threats from both the UK and the EU. London has signalled it will trigger Article 16 if no concessions are made by Brussels, which is itself warning of a trade war if negotiations fold. But Express.co.uk readers have stressed the time for talking is over and are demanding action. BROX77 wrote it was “time to pull the plug on shamble of a deal”. The Government has been threatening, on-and-off, to trigger Article 16 if talks do not progress over the Protocol for months on end. Heidi Clare joked: “In 72 hours, there will be another announcement giving a further 48 hours. Before we know it another year will have rolled by.” Outandsoon wrote: “This should have been torn up a year ago!” They understood the problem to lie directly on the Prime Minister’s desk and urged him to “for God’s sake stand up for this country”. HENGIST added: “Who really believes this Government will carry out the threat? “Boris is happy to site nuclear weapons in Finland yet he is incapable of invoking Article 16. READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ “We have a dangerous charlatan in Downing Street.” Whats going on suggested Mr Johnson will not work to improve the situation because “he doesn't want to upset his friends and partners in the EU”. Many readers argued it was time the Prime Minister was replaced in order to move on properly with the post-Brexit deal. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Scenwani wrote: “Liz Truss for Prime Minister. Sack Boris the clown.” But others were not convinced the Foreign Secretary was a suitable candidate for leadership. Offalydifferent argued that “Truss cannot be trusted”. Aptly named reader ‘No Tust inTruss’ pointed to the Secretary’s days in the Liberal Democrat party and insisted she “is a Remainer”. Whoever resides at Number 10, readers stressed they were fed up with waiting for a deal to be struck – or not, as may the case – and echoed fears that Northern Ireland is being annexed from the UK. Pnut expressed what appeared to be a widely-help sentiment by noting: “I will believe it [the triggering of Article 16] when I see it happen. Until then, it’s all wind and bluster.”