TV presenter Nick Knowles fronted a project in Southmead which would change the lives of hundreds of children who were in desperate need of a safe place to play. Hit BBC series DIY SOS: The Big Build saw Nick and an army of volunteers working around the clock to ensure the youngsters could enjoy a communal place to run around carefree. As the 59-year-old unveiled a special part of the revamp on the popular BBC show, he became tearful and had to walk away. Nick was excited for the local youth workers to finally take a sneak peek at what the team had done. As well as the playground, he showed them a special recording studio for the older children. "This is above and beyond anything we could have possibly dreamed of," one of the workers said tearfully. Lil added: "I'm in shock, this is... The teenagers are going to be elated, this is phenomenal." Another guest appeared shocked as she asked Nick: "Are we getting the guitars and all the equipment?" Unable to respond, the presenter simply nodded. "Are we?" She repeated, emotional. She added: "Oh my God, this is what youth means..." Nick turned his face away before walking out of the room. "Nick, he's crying," pointed out one of the locals. She continued: "We can't thank you enough "I can't even get through this," he replied, wiping his eyes and turning away from the camera. Another remarked: "Oh Nick, you know what music is to kids." Sobbing, Lil added gratefully: "This is amazing." Nick had already been informed of the importance of giving the local children and teenagers something positive to focus on. DON'T MISS... Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [LATEST]Kylie Minogue admits Neighbours return was 'emotional' [INTERVIEW]Silent Witness star teases 'awkward situation' for Nikki [EXCLUSIVE] Youth worker Lil had explained to him earlier in the programme: "Some of these children that come to the ranch live in flats, they don't even have a garden. "So it's so important for them to have an open space - to be outdoors and be with nature." She continued: "I'm very lucky because I lived in the Forest of Dean when I was a child, so yeah, that was amazing, playing in the forest and the woods. Noticing Lil getting emotional, the presenter asked: "What does it mean to you that these people have turned up en masse?" "It's a miracle we needed, that the children needed," she stated. "Do you think it'll be an emotional experience when we hand it back to you?" Nick asked. Getting tearful, Lil replied: "It's emotional now... so yes, yeah it's going to feel like a new place. "It's going to lift a whole lot of heaviness off our shoulders." DIY SOS: The Big Build continues on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.