The photographs to mark Princess Charlotte's seventh birthday were taken at the family's country home of Anmer Hall in Norfolk by the Duchess of Cambridge during the Bank Holiday weekend. Princess Charlotte is turning seven years old on May 2 and the young royal posed for the traditional birthday photographs wearing an all-blue outfit. Charlotte donned navy trousers, a blue jumper and a white shirt underneath. Her long blond hair framed her face as she smiled for the camera. The Duchess of Cambridge's daughter looked happier than ever holding some flowers in one hand and her furry friend with the other. READ MORE: Facial yoga practitioner shares 'best' anti-ageing morning routine  It is believed the black English Cocker Spaniel that poses with Charlotte in the new portraits is the family's new dog after Lupo died in 2020. Lupo was also a black English Cocker Spaniel owned by Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge and appeared in many photographs alongside his owners. This is a rare glimpse the public gets of the little Princess. Recently, however, Princess Charlotte was seen attending the traditional Easter Sunday Church service at St Georges Chapel in Windsor with the rest of the Royal Family.  For the occasion, the royal wore a cute floral dress. Charlotte twinned with her mother in a beautiful pastel blue gown from Rachel Riley. The Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning in an A-line Cinderella-blue coat dress from Emilia Wickstead that she previously wore in Luxembourg in 2017. Princess Charlotte was also seen wearing pastel blue tights, a navy cardigan and matching flat shoes. Blue is the same colour the Royal Family chose for the new birthday portraits. But why do royals often wear blue? The Royal Family are often associated with royal blue or navy blue as they opt for the shade in most of their public appearances. Applied Colour Psychology Specialist Karen Haller explained this could be a deliberate decision. She said: “When it comes to the psychology of colour, blue relates to the mind. Darker blues relate to trust, logic and knowledge. “It communicates duty and professionalism and given it’s a more approachable colour than black, maybe why she wore this hue often on her recent 16-day royal tour down under. "Wearing the same hue, the Cambridges are showing they are coming together as a family, representing themselves as a cohesive unit. "When it comes to colour psychology, darker blues communicate you are in a position of authority, trustworthy, reliable and can be depended on. “You have a sense of duty and take that seriously with committed focus," she told the Daily Mail.