Explaining what happened as a warning to others locally, Chef Patron Tom Robinson writes: "If restaurant owners could write reviews on their customers then tonight would be my one star. Tonight a table crossed the line and went above and beyond to make my guests and team feel uncomfortable."  Talking to Dorset Live, Tom described how the table of ten had called for a large group booking about an hour before their arrival. After accommodating their request, the group arrived and proceeded to order some of the most expensive items on the menu. The group, which consisted of both adults and children, proceeded to wreak havoc on the restaurant and ended the evening by causing such a disturbance that the team felt forced to allow them to leave without paying £350 of their £450 bill. Sharing an update with the local community, Tom continues: "Offering customers to 'have a go', spades hitting the back of customers heads, allowing children to climb on fuse boxes and gas fire heaters, ordering the most expensive items on the menu and refusing to pay, at a personal cost of £350 at a time when hospitality is struggling. To tonight's guests, if you see this never return to my establishment, I hope you are proud of your abysmal behaviour." Often lauded as one of the most desirable villages in the country, Lyme Regis was hosting one of many food celebrations this weekend. Tom believes that the group of ten were visitors to the area after they booked last minute, an hour before arrival. After their arrival they ordered some of the most expensive items on the menu, including the lobster surf and turf which retails at £60.   The restaurant staff proceeded to be subjected to a series of nuisances, including the aforementioned children climbing across their site and guests. Tensions increased around the time of the bill when the guests claimed that the food was not-up-to-scratch: "We had a genuine fear that it would have escalated, and that would have substantially impacted and created a negative experience for the other diners" adding "At the time was 50 other guests, we don't want people not having experience that they deserve" explained Tom. Tom Lyme Regis have an AA rosette for culinary excellence, as well as being a finalist in two categories of the Trencherman’s Awards 2022. Tom says that the group concerned were not drinking heavily at the time and commented they "knew what they were doing and ordered the most expensive thing".  Tom ended his public post on the matter emphasising how the guests at the site are normally very well-mannered "P.S. this is few and far between and i love hospitality, food and all out lovely guests i just wanted to remind people that we have a zero tolerance policy in regards to abusive behaviour towards our wonderful guests and my team of absolute rock stars."