Drains can emit unpleasant odours when food particles and dirt gather in the pipes, but there are two key ingredients which can solve the problem. Baking soda and white vinegar are both safe and effective to pour down household drains, but why do they work so well? Here’s how to use these staple items to banish stubborn odours from your kitchen and bathroom. The odour of a smelly drain can quickly spread throughout your home, and it can be hard to get rid of for good. Whether you notice an unpleasant stench lingering around your kitchen sink, dishwasher, or even your shower, there is no easy way to get to the source of the problem. Pouring strong bleach or fragranced products down the drain is one way to mask the smell, but baking soda and white vinegar are far more effective at targeting the items causing the odour. READ MORE: Cleaning fans share ‘game-changing’ hack to remove marker stains Smelly drains can be resolved in a matter of minutes using these two staple ingredients, but first, you need to remove any visible causes of the odour. Trapped hair, food particles and small objects can harbour soap scum and grime, so it is best to take these out of the drain if possible. Once the physical items are out of the equation, it’s time to make use of the natural cleansing powers of white vinegar and baking soda. Boil a kettle full of water and pour it slowly down the plughole to flush through the drain. Take a pot of baking soda and carefully spoon three or four teaspoons of the neutral white powder into the affected area. While you may not be able to see the effects of baking soda, this natural deodoriser will interact with acidic and strong alkaline molecules lurking in the pipes to reduce the stench. Leave the powder to sit in the drain for a few minutes before adding the second ingredient. DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows [REVEAL]'Fresher laundry': Add three cheap kitchen items to the wash [ANALYSIS] While the baking soda is already effective on its own, adding white vinegar is guaranteed to eliminate stubborn smells in an instant. Simply pour four cups of white vinegar directly into the drain to flush the passage once more. As the two ingredients fizz together in the drain, congealed grease, soap scum and grime are lifted from the pipes, while lingering odours are neutralised even further. The acetic acid in white vinegar works similarly to baking soda by adjusting the pH level of alkaline substances. Together, the two items eliminate the volatile molecules which cause the bad smell. Keeping your drains clean and clear is crucial to avoid pests and pesky flies lingering in your property, and it is important to understand what could be causing the issue in the first place. The most common causes of smelly drains are: While these are all unavoidable in kitchens and bathrooms, there are a few measures you can take to reduce the impact they have on your drains. Plughole covers will prevent hair, food particles and physical objects from falling down the drain, while regular cleaning will prevent built-up dirt and grime. To keep your drains clean and clear, apply the white vinegar and baking soda solution to your drains every two weeks.