Jane McDonald is a singer who has often spoken about her love of holidays, in particular cruises. She is currently seen travelling in the Channel 5 show Holidaying with Jane McDonald and shared her advice from Florida. For the series, the TV favourite was in Florida in the USA. More specifically, she headed to Florida Keys - the tropical islands just off the state. The 59-year-old drove to the location and shared her appreciation of the journey. She said: "The drive down to the keys is actually quite spectacular. All you can see is miles and miles of blue skies and seas." READ MORE: Lastminute.com launches summer deals under £250 After getting checked into her hotel, Jane enjoys the beach before planning her activities. Travelling to a new place can be overwhelming but the TV host shared the best way to ensure you don't miss the best attractions. She told viewers: "A good tip is to get in with the hotel concierge. "They know the best places and the best people to take you there."  Jane took a boat tour with her local Alejandro during her visit to the islands. She later enjoyed the Key West Sunset Celebration event at Mallory Square. She signed up for a tiki tour with her guide and shared that it was the "perfect way" to get the "inside scoop" on the island. Jane explained Florida became one of her favourite destinations from her time on various cruises. She went for a walk and shared something to remember for those who visit the area. "My advice would be we are in Florida Keys so it's less raucous, and more laidback." Jane also saw a show in the evening and highlighted the importance of booking ahead for evening entertainment. As her time on the island continued, Jane reflected on her experiences. "The Carnival atmosphere is matched by the feast of beautiful food and drink on offer all around the square," Jane added. "Everybody is happy - especially me because I've got a pina colada. "Coming back here after 20 years, I wondered how it would be. "I've seen Key West from a different view this time because it's time for new memories and that's something special."