In Outlander, Sophie Skelton portrays Brianna Fraser - the daughter of Englishwoman Claire (played by Caitriona Balfe) and 18th century Highlander Jamie (Sam Heughan). However, she is raised by Claire and her first husband Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies), who is also English. After Brianna’s birth, Claire and Frank relocate to Boston in the US to give their relationship a fresh start. Brianna is brought up in Boston, Massachusetts, going on to attend Harvard and having an American accent. Despite being raised by English parents, Brianna doesn’t even have a hint of a British accent. When Brianna and Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) venture into the past, she continues to speak in her anachronistic American accent and interestingly doesn’t get much of a reaction. While Brianna very much has an American actress, what about actress Skelton? READ MORE: When will season 7 of Outlander start filming? Her co-star Balfe is Irish but puts on a stiff upper lip for her performance as English doctor Claire. Additionally, Scotsman Heughan - who has a soft accent - put on more of a Highland brogue for Jamie, who also speaks Scottish Gaelic. Skelton is British and was born in Cheshire but has more of a neutral British accent in real life. The star grew up watching the American sitcom Friends and it was from the show she honed her American accent. Speaking to outlet the Daily Actor back in 2018, she said of perfecting her American accent: “In all honesty, I think I watched too much Friends when I was younger. “So, I think I was just inundated with the accent from a young age which worked out great in the end.” Outlander isn’t the only time she’s used her US accent, she also played an American in movie 211 in the role of Hollywood star Nicholas Cage’s daughter. Additionally, she appeared in the post-apocalyptic movie Day of the Dead: Bloodline, where she battled zombies. Before deciding to pursue an acting career, Skelton wanted to be a surgeon and was particularly studious. Skelton went for the role of Brianna back in 2014, the year before she was cast in Outlander. She admitted she initially thought she hadn’t won the part when she didn’t hear back from the production for a year. The star said she was “gutted” when she thought she hadn’t won the role of Brianna, only to be invited to audition again a year later. DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed [VIEWER REACTION]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat [ANALYSIS] The English star wasn’t aware of the Outlander phenomenon until she started researching the books and quickly came to realise it was global sensation. Skelton went on to tell Harper’s Bazaar: “I always do a lot of research when auditioning for a role. The TV series wasn’t out yet, so I just had the script to go from.” She reads as much as she could about Brianna. explaining: “I just sort of fell in love with her. I don’t know, she’s one of those characters that you feel quite protective over all of a sudden. “I think she’s quite funny. I know a lot of people don’t like Brianna but I thought her humour was great in the books. Obviously, she has a temper and everything else.” Outlander seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Starzplay now