Meghan Markle, 40, family series "Pearl" was dropped by the streaming platform on Sunday as it reviewed animated content. Dropping several projects, including Ms Markle's, was part of strategic decisions on the production of animated series, the company said in a statement, without providing further details on its decision. Royal biographer Angela Levin has since claimed Meghan will not listen to advice from others on future projects. Speaking to TalkTV, Ms Levin said: "You can't just use people for your own ends. "You actually have to approve things when a lot of money is concerned with a big company. "They're not stupid, they're only going to wait so long. "They've been incredibly patient and they've decided that along with other things to just cut out the trash, really. READ MORE: Harry's biographer hits out at Duke 'manipulating' Jubilee party "What you're seeing and being shown but also Meghan won't take advice. "She thinks she's knows and that's the trouble. "She's very proud and it's all gone to their heads." Archewell Productions, the company formed by Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, said last year that she would be an executive producer of "Pearl". The series was to be centered on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who is inspired by influential women from history. Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime and the reopening of cinemas. The US firm has seen its share value cut in half over the past six months as investors have grown increasingly concerned by the change in fortunes. DON'T MISS Meghan challenged on new project after Netflix scrap series [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [INSIGHT]Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS] Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. The show follows people competing at the Invictus Games, and a camera crew was seen close to Harry and Meghan during their time at the event in The Hague, Netherlands, last month. When Pearl was announced last July, Meghan said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history."