Nina Myskow, a former columnist for The Sun, was ridiculed from multiple sides as she said she did not “respect [Boris Johnson] for Brexit because he dragged us into the mud”. In a debate on GB News, the panel erupted into fury, with Mr Wootton accusing the journalist of having a “visceral negativity towards” the PM. When Ms Myskow asked to “elevate” the debate beyond “calling each other names”, Mr Wootton said: “Well you just called the Prime Minister a liar”.    Charlie Mullins, founder of Pimlico Plumbers, said: “You have got to respect the guy for doing Brexit and the vaccination programme.” Ms Myskow said: “I do not respect him for Brexit because he dragged us into the mud over that.” Mr Wootton said: “Okay Nina, so let’s be honest. That’s what this comes down to. It’s always what it comes down to. “You are, with the greatest of respect, a massive Remoaner! And Remoaners want Boris Johnson out of office because you know he is the only man who will see Brexit through.”    Ms Myskow said: “With respect Dan, can we elevate this debate so that we don’t call each other names? I am neither a Brexiteer nor a Remoaner. Mr Wootton said: “Well you just called Boris Johnson our Prime Minister a liar.” My Myskow said: “I have accepted the fact that Brexit has happened and we are going over the cliff. I don’t hate [Boris Johnson].” “Mr Wootton responded: “It seems like you do, Nina. It seems like you’ve got a visceral negativity towards the man.” READ MORE: Brexit POLL: Is a Rejoiner alliance a threat to Brexit? [POLL]  The debate comes as three Conservative MPs have demanded the Prime Minister’s resignation for the first time following the publication of Sue Gray's report. Tory MPs David Simmonds and John Baron urged the PM to step down today, adding their names to the growing discontentment towards the party leader. Backbencher Julian Sturdy had begun the trickle of fresh voices demanding Mr Johnson's exit after the damning inquiry from the senior civil servant was published on Wednesday. A total of 19 Tory MPs have so far publicly called for his resignation, with many critics of Mr Johnson holding back due to the war in Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Tory MPs line up to demand Boris quits as two more join calls [REVEAL] Angry mum demands Boris Johnson pay son's £1,600 lockdown fine [REPORT] Remoaner claims 'Boris hates Treasury' as he brands Brexit 'mistake' [REVEAL]  Mr Simmonds, the MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner, said: "I listened to what the Prime Minister had to say at Prime Minister's Questions, his statement and the 1922 Committee yesterday following the publication of the Sue Gray report. "Having reflected on what he said, and the views of the constituents and my Conservative association, it is clear that while the Government and our policies enjoy the confidence of the public, the Prime Minister does not. "Accordingly, it is time for him to step down so that new leadership can take forward the important work of the Government in ensuring that our people and country prosper." Minutes earlier, Mr Baron said on his website: "Having always said I would consider all the available evidence before deciding, I'm afraid the Prime Minister no longer enjoys my support - I can no longer give him the benefit of the doubt."  