Wolverhampton Council used taxpayers’ money to fund speed bumps and other traffic control measures down Dixon Street. These were introduced following complaints about boy racers. But locals are now criticising a traffic island which was erected along with the other measures. Some claim this is stopping them from turning into their driveways properly. Criticism grew fiercer upon the realisation the measures, including this island, cost up to £100,000. A document seen by MailOnline reads: “The cost of the traffic calming scheme have been calculated using the current Highways Black Country Framework. “The estimated cost of the Dixon Street scheme is £100,000 which will be funded as part of the Local Safety Schemes Programme as approved in the 2021/22 Transportation Capital Programme.” Local resident Balvinder Sond told the paper he was in favour of some traffic measures, including the speed bumps. But he described the island as being “on a different level”. Mr Sond said: “It's going to cause an accident, not stop one. READ MORE: Woman denied access to board Ryanair flight over Brexit loophole “I've complained to the council so many times but all they said is 'send in an email'. “Then they ignore it.” Ellis Turrell, Conservative Councillor for Tettenhall Wightwick, Wolverhampton, said he was not surprised by the council’s funding decisions. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Typical of Labour-run Wolverhampton Council to blow taxpayers' money on a project and they can't even get it right.” Conservative Councillor for Tettenhall Regis Ward Wolverhampton Sohail Khan agreed that this was “typical”. Resident Kamaljit Caur told the Sun the traffic measures are creating fresh problems for businesses trying to operate through the area. He said: “There are lorries that can't get past and there's going to be an accident where a car clips the kerb and crashes. “It's causing more issues than before.” This comes ahead of local elections in which the Conservative Party is tipped to lose hundreds of seats, amid heavy criticism over ‘Partygate’, rising living costs and frustration over the Government’s handling of Brexit, crime and immigration. Express.co.uk has contacted Wolverhampton Council for comment.