Manchester United need to replace 15 players this summer with new signings, claims former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Erik ten Hag is set to take over as United boss at the end of the season and Agbonlahor says the Dutchman will not want any of the current squad to stay. United suffered a heavy 4-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday to put their hopes of qualifying for the Europa League next season in doubt. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick has previously claimed the club need up to 10 new signings over the coming windows. But Agbonlahor believes more work than that is needed by the recruitment staff at Old Trafford. He says Ten Hag will not want to keep any of the players in the squad he is set to take over. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: “A couple of weeks ago I said that Manchester United needed 15 new players and people laughed at me, but when you look at that performance [on Saturday], they need 15 new players. Not one of the players in that team will Ten Hag look at and want to play next season. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  "They weren’t bothered, with no passion to play for Man United and I don’t like using the term ‘on the beach’, but it looked like they were. Brighton are a good, good side, but Manchester United should never be losing 4-0 to Brighton and they let the club down, fans are singing ‘you’re not fit to wear the shirt’ and all of them were poor today. "You can’t blame [Paul] Pogba for today, you can’t blame Harry Maguire for today, so maybe players like [Raphael] Varane need calling out because he's been very poor this season, and other players in that side. It was very disappointing for Man United fans." Agbonlahor says Saturday's result and performance again showed the difference between United and their rivals at the top of the table. And he thinks Rangnick will be passing vast amounts of information on to his replacement. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel told he is 'lucky' to still have job in damning Arsenal claim [QUOTES]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman Abramovich [QUOTES]  The pundit added: “You never see that sort of performance from Man City or Liverpool, that’s why the gap is so big. You can’t turn up one week and be on it, and then turn up the next and just do the basics. “Ralf Rangnick will be writing down a lot of notes. He’ll have filled a pad full of paper because so many of those players don’t want to play for Man United and players are leaving on a free transfer because they don’t want to renew their contracts. "When have you ever heard that before? Now players can’t wait to leave.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here