Christian Pulisic has struggled to nail down a regular place in Thomas Tuchel’s team this season - but his goal at Leeds will have helped his cause ahead of the FA Cup final against Liverpool (Saturday, 5.15pm). He admitted: “The boss can be very hard. He’s very direct, gets his point across, so he can be very tough and aggressive. You never take it personally. That’s what a coach does. You take it and move on. I’ve been trying to make as big an impact as I can, prove I should be out on the pitch.” Pulisic reckons that Chelsea have gone toe-to-toe with Liverpool this season and survived - and they can go one better at Wembley today (Sat). But the USA forward insists that Chelsea can upset the record books and punch another hole in Liverpool’s faltering Quadruple hopes - without even an ‘amazing performance’. Chelsea, who meet Jurgen Klopp’s juggernaut team at Wembley tomorrow in what will be the London’s club’s last chance of a trophy this season, have held the Anfield side to two draws in the Premier League this season - and were only edged out in February’s Carabao Cup final by sudden death penalties. Chelsea know how. They just have to go one step further - and Pulisic is convinced they can. Fresh from his goal in the 3-0 win at Leeds on Wednesday that got Chelsea’s top four challenge back on course, Pulisic said: “Liverpool is a team we can match up against well. They have a ton of talent, incredible players and a great manager. “I don’t think we necessarily need an incredible and amazing performance. If we play how we are capable of, we can do it. Whenever we have played against Liverpool we have gone toe-to-toe this season. “We drew against them twice in the league and in the Carabao Cup final we put in a great performance and created chances. There is always pressure. But most of this team has played in a Champions League final, and that’s the biggest game in the world.”  Only Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham have been able to deny Liverpool victory in the Premier League this season. Pulisic, 23, had been subbed by the time Liverpool won 11-10 on spot kicks at Wembley in February. But his team are determined to make it third time lucky today in the FA Cup - after defeats in the last two finals. The American, after a turbulent season on and off the pitch at Stamford Bridge, insists: “We have accomplished a lot. We came very close to making it to the Champions League semi-finals. “In the Carabao Cup final we put up some impressive performances, and now we have a chance in the FA Cup. There have been ups and downs, but we have to look forward. Win this, and we can say it has been a successful season.” 