NBC’s thrilling crime series The Blacklist will air its highly anticipated finale in two weeks and fans have been trying to figure out how the show will end. After the release of the upcoming synopsis, a huge clue suggests Donald Ressler (played by Diego Klattenhoff) and Park’s (Laura Sohn) secret could be exposed.  Throughout season nine, there have been two major mysteries taking the task force’s focus. Red Redington (James Spader) was focused on finding Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) murderer after she was killed in the season eight finale. While Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) prioritised finding the person responsible by going to extreme lengths to blackmail him. With the season finale on the horizon, fans are expecting it to contain showstopping revelations or a major cliffhanger ahead of season 10.  READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Thankfully for fans, they were able to gain some insight into what the finale could entail as the show released a synopsis. It read: “Red and Cooper square off with conflicting endgames for their mutual traitor. A major secret about the Task Force falls into the wrong hands.” Although there are a number of secrets across season nine which could be unveiled, fans believe it could be about Ressler and Park. This came after the series explored his addiction in the third episode as he turned to drugs to help him cope with his grief.  In the episode titled ‘The SPK’, fans learned Ressler struggled to cope with Liz’s death and became hooked on prescription pills. The addiction escalated to the point where he began to search for ways to beat a drug test to get his badge back. He did so by chugging down litres of water beforehand and adding eye drops into his sample, however, Park was on to him and called him out. She told Ressler: ”I didn’t [tell Cooper] because I think you need this job.  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [INSIGHT]The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional [REACTION]The Blacklist plot hole: Reddington recovery after life-saving surgery [BLUNDER] “You’re good at it, and it keeps you on the straight and narrow.” She added: “I want you to have your badge back, but now I have the power to make sure that never happens, and I’ll use it unless you clean up.” However, problems ensued when he had a test which was revealed to be inconclusive and as a result, he was forced to provide another one under the watchful eye of the tester. Knowing the drugs weren’t completely out of his system, he asked Park for a urine sample he could use, which she provided.  This secret coming out in the finale would be a major problem for Park and Ressler as they would have to be investigated by the FBI. It's likely the two agents would be suspended while the bosses decide if they could lose their badges forever. With a potential of three major outcomes in the finale, viewers will have to stay tuned to see which one will come to fruition. Thankfully for fans, they will be seeing more of their favourite characters as it was confirmed The Blacklist will continue with the 10th season. The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 