Strawberries make for a delicious treat, whether that's with a spoonful of granola at breakfast or as a fruity ice cream topping for dessert. However, the shelf life of strawberries can be as short as three days if you do not store them correctly. Properly stored, strawberries should last between three and seven days. They stand the best chance of long-lasting freshness when stored in the refrigerator. Experts from Taste of Home explained: "Because strawberries and other fresh berries tend to have mould spores on their surfaces, they spoil faster when left out at room temperature. "Keeping them in the fridge slows down this process so you have more time to use them. "It's the best option when you need to keep your strawberries for more than a day or so." READ MORE: Best way to store strawberries - clever trick to make them last longer However, there is another handy hack that some experts believe can further strengthen the longevity of berries. According to experts at MasterClass, all you need is an airtight container and a piece of paper towel. They said: "If you want to extend the shelf life of your strawberries, you will need to transfer them to your refrigerator. "The best way to do this is to store them in a single layer in an airtight container according to the following steps." DON'T MISSQueen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [INSIDER]Fruit scone recipe: How to make traditional scones - royal recipe  [EXPLAINER]Jamie Oliver shares 'super easy' Spanish sangria recipe  [COMMENT] When storing strawberries, the experts recommended keeping them as whole berries rather than cutting them into proportioned segments. They said: "Whole strawberries will resist spoilage longer than cut-up strawberry pieces. "Keep the whole basket just like you found them at the grocery store or farmers’ market, and leave their green-leaf tops intact." Next, line a plastic or glass container with paper towels. MasterClass explained: "These paper towels will absorb moisture and keep your berries from getting mouldy." Store the strawberries in a single layer within the container. You may need multiple containers to avoid piling berries on top of one another. Master Class added: "You can stack strawberries on top of one another, just like they're found in their original container, but this enables mould to spread rapidly from berry to berry. "Consider layering a paper towel between layers to minimise moisture and contact."