The Business Secretary was shown the results of a YouGov poll conducted last week showing respondents had little trust in the Government delivering on their levelling up agenda. Less than 20 percent of the 1,779 respondents believed the Conservatives would help regenerate areas outside of London. Sky News host Sophy Ridge challenged Mr Kwarteng with the results, noting his party had failed to outline their policy plans. Ms Ridge said: "Talking about the challenging picture. "I just want to bring you this polling from YouGov. People were asked, 'which government would be better at regenerating areas outside of London and the southeast?' "Seventeen percent said the Conservatives and Boris Johnson, 38 percent said Labour and Keir Starmer. "Your flagship policy is literally to level up, and people just don't believe you're going to do it." JUST IN: Warning issued to Britons who use cash in ASDA, Tesco, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Lidl Mr Kwarteng said: "That's just one poll. We're going out to make the message clearer and more focussed. "Absolutely, if you look at what we're doing, there's huge amounts of investments, billions of investments. "Nissan told us...they were reported to say they were going to leave the Uk after the Brexit vote, they've invested a billion pounds." Ms Ridge quipped: "You accept the messaging needs to be more focussed?" READ MORE: Brexit nightmare: Starmer to decimate UK's 'most important relationship' if he becomes PM Mr Kwarteng replied: "I think we're absolutely always trying to make our message clearer and more focussed. "And we have a number of months to do that ahead of any prospective future election." The Business Secretary also said Boris Johnson will "absolutely" still be the Tory leader after the local elections, regardless of the results are for the party.  DON'T MISS: UK mocks Russia for 'embarrassing losses' but Black Sea warning issued [REVEAL] 20 Russian warships and submarines amassing in the Black Sea [REPORT] 'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden 'eating his words' as Boris 'puts US to shame' [ANALYSIS] He said: "I don't think his leadership is at threat at all, what he's delivered is really a remarkable series of successes. "I think Brexit, he delivered on that, the fact he was very widely appreciated in Ukraine, he's been widely hailed as someone who has led the overseas effort to help Ukraine, and also look at the vaccine rollout, that was a great bit of success." Pressed on whether the Prime Minister is safe no matter what happens at the local elections, he replied "absolutely". Asked about suggestions former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is preparing a leadership bid, Mr Kwarteng said: "Jeremy is a very capable colleague, he's a good friend, I don't know what he's up to but as far as I'm concerned Boris Johnson is the right man by far to lead us into the next election."