Amazon is running some great money-saving deals on both the 3rd gen and 4th gen Echo Dot smart speakers. The 3rd gen Echo Dot is the cheapest Alexa device available at Amazon right now, with this veteran smart speaker reduced from its usual price of £39.99 to £25.99. But if you're willing to spend a few pounds more you can get the latest Echo Dot for £27.99. The 4th gen Echo Dot usually costs £49.99 but right now is available at almost half price on the Amazon UK website. The new £27.99 price tag is the cheapest the 4th gen Echo Dot has been for some time, so if you've been thinking of picking up this speaker for a while then now's the perfect time to do so. Usually, we'd recommend the older Echo Dot as the ideal starting point for anyone curious about what Alexa can offer, given the deals that often run which usually make this speaker the cheapest option by far. But given the 4th gen Echo Dot is available for just a few pounds more right now it's the perfect option for anyone looking for their first-ever Alexa speaker.  If you opt for the 4th gen Echo Dot over the 3rd gen Echo Dot you'll also get a number of upgrades. The most notable difference between the 3rd gen Echo Dot and the 4th gen model is the design. While the 3rd gen Echo Dot boasts the long-running disc-shaped design seen on previous builds, the 4th gen speaker has an eye-catching ball-shaped design. This, along with its slightly larger size compared to its predecessor, helps to deliver superior sound quality.  Which is something you'll notice if you plan on using your Echo Dot speaker to stream Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify songs. Not only that, but if you care about the environment the 4th gen Echo Dot is a great option. That's because the speaker is made from 100 percent recycled aluminium, 100 percent recycled fabric and 50 percent recycled plastic. Whichever model you opt for you can rest assured that you'll get the same Alexa experience people know and love across the board. So that means access to a vast library of Alexa skills which will help you in your day to day life, such as the ability to ask any burning question you have with your voice, help with setting an alarm, checking the news and weather plus much, much more. 