NCIS’ Hawaiian spin-off officially came to an end on Monday after the series premiered its first season in September 2021. Although the show met its finale, fans can look forward to a blossoming romance when NCIS Hawaii returns for a second season.  The finale was the long-awaited turning point for fans as Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Agent Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) finally rekindled their romance. The two broke up during the episode titled ‘The Game’ after Lucy discovered Kate had a girlfriend. Viewers were also left emotional watching the two break up as Kate failed to let her know she hadn’t formally broken up with her ex, who had arrived in town. Although she tried to explain she was worried it would make Lucy run away, Lucy felt blindsided and ended their relationship. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast As the series progressed, the pair continued to work closely together and would often share a longing glance. With this being a huge hint they would eventually get back together, fans took to Twitter to share their glee when Lucy and Kate shared a kiss in the finale. This included @CrasherErialc who stated: “Yes, finally that's what the most awaited Kacy moment. I just so love them.” An excited @shannon_hausen wrote: “Yesssss! Finally, I'm glad they're back together.”  The fan continued: “That sure was 1 outstanding amazing and intense season finale, I'm looking forward to season 2.” @Rebeccahutch13 suggested: “Now, don't kill them off or mess with this next season. Please and thank you.” In disbelief, @ShawandOrder tweeted: “Still can’t believe the lesbians got the season-long romance and the Big Scene of the finale [NCIS Hawaii] really did that.” @Roobarbfire commended the character: “Someone give Kate Whistler the hopeless romantic's girlfriend award because if that was not the bravest display of love I don’t know what is.” DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]NCIS Hawaii season 2: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii finale theory: Jesse death 'sealed' after explosive clue [THEORY] During the scene, the team were at a party which saw Lucy anxiously watching the door in hopes of spotting Kate walk in. When this proved to be unsuccessful, Lucy became annoyed until she heard singing in the distance. As Kate walked into the room she began to serenade Lucy, which was a nod to Ernie’s (Jason Antoon) advice of delivering a “grand gesture”. Although she was initially confused, Lucy realised Kate was professing her love through the lyrics and pulled her in for a long kiss.  Speaking on the show-stopping scene, executive producer Jan Nash told TV Insider shared why they decided to get the couple back together. Jan explained: “The grand gesture of it all is rooted in an earlier episode where Kate Whistler refers to ‘Say Anything.’ “Which is a movie that a number of us really, really enjoy and that sense of, if you have someone you love and you have been through a difficult time, sometimes you have to make that big gesture that breaks through the logjam of whatever’s been keeping you apart.” Thankfully for fans. NCIS Hawaii was renewed for a second season which will likely hit the screens in early 2023. NCIS: Hawaii is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 