Weeds can grow year-round in the UK, but like most plants, the warmer days tend to spark a flurry of growth. When it comes to your garden lawn, you might be keeping your eyes peeled for leafy or flowering weeds, such as dandelions or chickweed. However, experts from subscription lawncare service So & Mo point out that weeds can also come in the form of grasses, meaning they might blend in with your lawn. Speaking to Express.co.uk, co-founder of So & Mo, Marc Kerr, said: "It might sound misleading, but poa annua, or meadow grass, is classed as weed grass and is very common in the UK. "You’ll notice its lime green colour, especially now that the temperatures increase and we move into ‘growing season’." Poa annua is an annual or occasionally perennial coarse grass, with light green leaf blades which grow horizontally from a central point. READ MORE: Warning signs you've overwatered your tomato plant - how to save it The grass also has low, fibrous roots. When it colonises patches of land, it produces pale panicles of flowers that the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) says "prolifically" seeds between early spring and autumn. While meadow grass might not necessarily look like a typical weed, it can become dominant on compacted soils, and take away essential nutrients which your lawn might need. According to Gardening Know How: "It is rather difficult to control because the plant will produce several hundred seeds in one season, and the seeds can lay dormant for several years before sprouting. "Poa annua grass is typically a problem in the lawn because it dies back in hot weather, which can make unsightly brown spots in the lawn during the height of summer." DON'T MISSThe best time of day to water your hanging baskets [EXPLAINER]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - complete waste of time [COMMENT]Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars [INSIGHT] Pop annua can be difficult to keep on top of, especially if it begins to take over your garden, but it can be done. According to Mr Kerr, the best way to control weeds in your garden is with a simple "hand trowel". He explained: "Nothing beats manually removing the plant and root. "Firstly, it ensures it won’t grow back, and you won’t damage the surrounding grass. "Healthy grass can then fill the gaps." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The expert also advises against using pesticides unless absolutely essential. He said: "So & Mo promote biodiversity, and not applying pesticides is our preferred approach. "We know you can have a healthy lawn without using chemicals – all you need is a hand trowel. "It might be harder work, but it’s better for the environment." Experts from Gardening Know How also recommend using boiling water. They explain: "Boiling water will also kill poa annua, but these methods will also kill any other plants that they come in contact with, so should only be used in areas where you wish to kill plants on a wholesale basis."