This will enable it to operate flights with fewer cabin crew. EasyJet said that it intends to take out the back row of seating on its A319 fleet. The major airline states this will enable it to fly with three cabin crew rather than four, limiting numbers on board to a maximum of 150 passengers. EasyJet said it was an effective way of operating the fleet while "building additional resilience and flexibility" into the airline's operations. Meanwhile, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps recently told parliament's Transport Committee that the government will allow airports to begin training staff without security clearance in a bid to prevent rampant flight cancellations. Civil Aviation Authority regulations require a certain number of cabin crew based on the number of physical seats, not actual passengers - meaning that by reducing this number, EasyJet can fly with less staff. While many airlines have struggled with staff shortages, EasyJet seems to have been hit particularly hard. Thousands of airline workers were laid off as the travel industry took a major hit during lockdown. Many of these workers have since taken early retirement or found new jobs elsewhere - leaving the airline industry having to rehire much of their workforce with fresh recruits in need of lengthy counterterrorism checks. Heathrow passengers were left with hours-long queues in early April when over 120 flights were cancelled in one day - half of which were EasyJet’s, who had just cancelled over 200 the weekend prior. Meanwhile, disruption at Manchester Airport led to the resignation of its managing director Karen Smart. Experts predict staffing difficulties will continue for up to 12 months. Ahead of their changes planned for this summer, EasyJet said the passenger number-limiting scheme will allow them to operate with greater certainty. READ MORE: Britons advised to 'leave watch at home' to 'save hundreds' on holiday [REVEAL] It added the change in capacity was very small as a proportion of overall summer season passenger numbers. The company will also be putting more resources into processing the accreditation of new staff - something that was cited by experts last month as a key issue in airlines getting their staff back up to capacity. The referencing and vetting process usually takes between 14 and 15 weeks, but industry insiders have reported that it is actually taking “substantially longer” - with some delays reaching up to twice as long as usual. EasyJet said it expects to be "near" 2019 levels of flying this summer. DON'T MISS: British couple’s epic 15,900km epic road in Australia [REVEAL]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [ANALYSIS] Before the pandemic the airline flew almost 300,000 passengers every day during peak season. Julia Lo Bue-Said from the Advantage Travel Partnership said the “dire labour shortage” was one of many factors affecting the travel industry after two years of disruption, adding that EasyJet’s situation was a “travesty”. She said the chair-stripping scheme “only exacerbates the issue of meeting consumer demand to travel”. EasyJet stated the last six seats are usually booked in the final days leading up to departure, so selling a maximum of 150 tickets would not affect customers planning summer travel.