Saffron Hughes, a makeup artist at FalseEyelashes.co.uk, explained how using make-up correctly can take years off someone's age. The makeup products don't have to be good quality or expensive - it's the way one uses them that matters. Saffron's first tip was to use eyeshadow to lift the eye, "creating a youthful glowy look". She said: "I suggest using a dark eyeshadow shade in your outer corner or crease and blending it out and up into a wing. This will add a lifted appearance to your eye look. "You should then apply concealer underneath this wing and take it up and out towards your hairline, before blending. This will emphasise the lifted look even further. "You should then add a lighter eyeshadow shade in your inner corner and on your eyelid below your crease to really make your eyes pop." READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong' Using champagne-coloured eyeliner is another way to lift the eye, helping to "open your eyes and brighten them". "You may have heard the trick to apply white pencil eyeliner to your waterline to brighten your eyes and make them look younger," Saffron noted. "However, this can look unnatural and too retro. Instead, opt for a champagne shade or nude eyeliner on the waterline. "This will achieve a wider, brighter look as opposed to darker colours like black or brown, which may make you look older and more tired.”  When it comes to foundation, applying light layers at a time can erase fine lines and creases. Saffron advised: “If you have mature skin and use too much foundation, this can cause products to see in your fine lines and creases, and overall make your makeup look cakey. "Instead, you should use very light layers or if you’re short on time, apply your foundation, contour, blush, and concealer to your face at the same time in their targeted area, then blend them with a makeup sponge, such as a Beautyblender. This will give a much glowier and youthful look without the heavy layers.” The make-up artist continued: “The application process is just as important as the foundation itself. With this in mind, you should use a buffing brush to apply your foundation as it will smooth out your skin, instead of it settling into your fine lines. “It’s impossible to get an effortless makeup look if you’re wearing the wrong colour foundation," Saffron added. "Whilst you’re most likely aware of your shade such as fair, light, medium, deep, and dark, you also need to know what your undertone is to get the perfect colour match. "There are three undertones: warm (golden, red, and yellow undertones), cool (beige and pink undertones), and neutral (a balance of gold and pink undertones). "To determine your undertone, look at the veins on the inside of your wrist - if they’re green, you have a warm undertone (the yellow in your skin acts as a filter and makes your blue veins look green), and if they look blue, you have a cool undertone. If you see a combination of both blue and green veins, you have a neutral undertone.” Saffron recommended "skipping powder and sticking to cream and liquid products". “As powder can tick in fine lines and make your base look cakey, I’d only recommend using a small amount, if any at all," she said. "Similarly, I’d stay clear of powder products altogether and instead buy their cream or liquid-based alternatives. This includes foundations, blushes, bronzers and even eyeshadows. "Plus, most women’s skin tends to get drier as they mature so using cream products with more moisture is beneficial for this reason, too. Plus, they’re more mistake-proof. When it comes to liquid products, you just need to start with a small amount and gradually build.” Lastly, Saffron shared how to make lips look plumper by "using a lip liner in the same colour as your lipstick". "Trace your natural lip to define your shape before lightly colouring in the middle of your lips. This will act as another base for your lipstick to grip," she explained.