Gogglebox star Lee Riley has shared an update on his co-star and best pal Jenny Newby's health following her absence from the BAFTA TV Awards at the weekend. The TV star, 52, thanked his and Jenny's fans for "caring" after he revealed that his friend was undergoing an operation. In view of his 236,000 followers, Lee shared an update on his best friend. He said: "Hi everybody, just an update on Jenny. "Yes, she has had an operation, but it's been on the waiting list for two years and it come BAFTA week. (sic) "So I was totally gutted that she couldn't be by my side last night and she was as well," she added. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Lee went on: "But she's doing well and out this week. Addressing the "well wishes" that his friend has received, Lee told how grateful Jenny is to be reading them. "She wants to say thank you and so do I, I want to say thank you for caring, you're great. "Did you know I won a BAFTA?!" he added with a quizzical look at the end of the clip. Lee's update comes as his co-star was noticeably missing from Friday's episode of the popular Channel 4 show which sparked concern among viewers. He then added to fans' concerns after he appeared on the red carpet at Sunday night's BAFTA award solo. Lee took the opportunity to give an update on Jenny where he explained she was due to undergo surgery. The star told Express.co.uk: "She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one, but she is recovering well though. DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [INSIGHT]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [ANALYSIS]Deborah James talks ‘wanting to hold husband's hand' in last days [UPDATE] "She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week. You can't turn down an NHS operation can you? But she is doing well." There was some good news for the duo as the popular programme scooped an award. Following Lee's post, fans of the duo took to the comments to send supportive messages to Jenny. @Susan10534022 penned: "Tell her we hope she’s better soon. We love you both and and you both bring us much joy and laughter." During Friday's episode of Gogglebox, fans took to the micro-blogging site where they shared their disappointment of not seeing their favourite pair on-screen. Twitter user @onthewayhome asked: "Why tf are jenny and lee not on Gogglebox tonight."(sic) Nat_KitKat said: "Where are Jenny and Lee?" Lee was absent from the show after he recently returned from a getaway to Cyprus with his boyfriend Steve Mail. Gogglebox continues Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.