Last month protests at a number of British fuel terminals spelt trouble for embattled motorists who were already feeling the financial pinch from a 30 year high in the level of inflation. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has further exacerbated supply issues, with a trip to the petrol station now a luxury many have to judge carefully when to make. Read on for five top tips on how to save money on petrol. Staying close to home and taking the convenient choice is always tempting, but by driving a little further than your local garage you could end up paying less for your petrol. Ultimately, there’s a point where driving around for cheaper fuel becomes a false economy but it’s always worth comparing prices locally before you fill-up. If you’re ever in doubt about what good value is for fuel, check the RAC Fuel Watch, which provides regular updates on the average prices of fuel in the UK.  READ MORE: Driver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines Keeping a close eye on your car’s tyre pressure will not only help to prolong the life of them but also improve fuel efficiency. Driving on underinflated tyres is dangerous, and it also uses more fuel. Details on the correct tyre pressure can be found in your vehicle handbook, the driver’s door sill, or inside the fuel tank flap.  Some of us drive around with unnecessary items stowed away, whether it’s a box of stuff you’ve been meaning to donate to charity or sports equipment that you’ve forgotten about. But this extra weight can cause you to use additional fuel and thus shell out more each time you pay a visit to the pump. In fact, according to MotorEasy “an extra 50kg in a vehicle reduces miles per gallon by up to two percent”.  DON'T MISS: Mum fined £130 for 'driving down the road' and missing road sign [NEWS]Gary Neville sparks angry row after savaging ‘idiot’ Nigel Farage [EXPLAINER]Farage follows French Naval vessel into English waters [WATCH] KwikFit states an annual wheel alignment check helps your tyres to wear evenly and last longer, adding up to 12,000 miles to the life of your tyre. Tyre balancing helps to ensure the tyre spins evenly around the axle and having even tyre wear around the circumference reduces rolling resistance with the road. As a result, this helps improve your car’s fuel efficiency and saves you much-needed pennies.  Before you set off, make sure that your engine oil level is topped up and that you’re using the correct type for your vehicle. Doing so will again help to increase your vehicle’s lifespan and maintain better fuel economy. As is the case with tyre pressure, your vehicle handbook should let you know what type of engine oil you need to purchase. 