Lady Louise Windsor was pictured arriving at Home Park on Sunday, for the fourth day of the large-scale equestrian event. The 18-year-old took part in the Champagne Laurent-Perrier Meet of The British Driving Society.  The young royal proudly showed off her carriage driving skills in a sport that was a favourite of her late grandfather Prince Philip. Photographs of Lady Louise show her driving a carriage that previously belonged to the Duke of Edinburgh. Snaps show the royal wearing her carriage-riding clothes comprising of a tweed blazer and a long skirt, with two brooches affixed to the front. One featuring a horse's head nods to her and Philip's shared passion for horse riding, in particular carriage riding, which the teenager was taught by the Duke of Edinburgh.   Carriage driving was one of Prince Philip's favourite past-times and he took up the sport when he stopped playing polo at the age of 50. Lady Louise spoke about her and her grandfather's shared passion during a BBC documentary titled Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been so lovely, although slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much. "It's incredible to have learned first-hand from him." The Duke of Edinburgh has been credited with helping to shape the sport in the UK and still competed in competitions in his eighties. At the age of 91, Philip had a dark green carriage made to his specifications out of aluminium and steel. It is believed to be the same one Lady Louise has been pictured driving. DON'T MISS Lady Louise in adorable tribute to Prince Philip — 'Make him proud' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry's Jubilee plan offers clue about feared memoir [REVEAL] Zara Tindall paid tribute to Queen and Prince Philip at wedding [REPORT]  Sophie, Countess of Wessex, smiled proudly as she took her seat in her own carriage during the event on Sunday morning. Sophie, who is known for being close to her mother-in-law the Queen, took the reigns in a carriage just behind her daughter's. The mother-of-two wore an elegant navy blue velvet coat and matching hat for the occasion. On Friday, Sophie was seen taking photographs of her daughter as she drove Philip's carriage and led the Fell Pony Society centenary parade. The Queen also attended the event on this day and spoke animatedly to fellow festival-goers from inside a vehicle.