The Andromeda ship was forced to change course late last night in waters opposite Gravesend and Northfleet after 12 members from Greenpeace stormed a tanker terminal. Some protestors managed to make their way onto Navigator Terminals, where the tanker was set to stop just before midnight. They then climbed onto it and hung up signs around it which read "OIL FUELS WAR". The campaigners were protesting against the UK Government for letting fossil fuel money flow to Vladimir Putin as his troops continue to brutally devastate Ukraine with Russia's war in the country. Essex Police said they were called to the site on Oliver Road just after 11pm last night (Sunday). The force is working with its partners to bring a number of others to safety. Officers are "currently working to resolve the situation quickly and safely".  Essex Police said in a statement: "We were called to the site in Oliver Road shortly after 11.05pm yesterday (Sunday 15 May). "So far eight people have been arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass and we’re working with our partners to bring a number of others to safety.  "Our officers are currently working to resolve the situation quickly and safely. "Policing is not anti-protest, but we must intervene where there is a risk to life or where there is a suspicion laws are being broken. "We are hoping this will be resolved safely and swiftly so that our officers can get back to protecting and serving the people of Essex." Greenpeace UK oil and gas campaigner Georgia Whitaker said: “The UK’s attachment to fossil fuels has backfired in the worst way possible - we’re funding a war, our energy bills and fuel costs are sky-high, and we’re driving the climate crisis. It has to stop. READ MORE: Russian jet approved to leave UK' despite ban  “Putin invaded Ukraine nearly three months ago, and yet fossil fuel money from the UK is still funding his war chest. "Ministers have kicked a ban on Russian oil imports to the end of the year despite strong public support for it. “To stand up to Putin, bring bills down and tackle climate change, the Prime Minister must get us off fossil fuels as fast as possible, stop ludicrous energy waste from our substandard draughty homes, and prioritise cheap, clean, homegrown renewable power.” Countries throughout the world are taking sharp action to reduce their reliance on Russian fossil fuels as a way of punishing Russia for its war in Ukraine. DON'T MISSStarmer U-turn as he pledges to quit if beergate rule breach found [LATEST]UK foreign aid spending to be hiked back by Liz Truss [REPORT]Staggering poll shows 94% of readers feel let down by Brexit promises [POLL]  The UK has announced a ban on the arrival of Russian flagged and Russian owned vessels. Despite this move, Greenpeace said Russian fossil fuels are still arriving via ships registered to other countries. The campaign group claim the Andromeda tanker travels under a Greek flag, but is carrying fuels from the Russian port of Primorsk. Greenpeace said: "Oil and gas accounts for 40 percent of Russia’s federal budget and makes up 60 percent of their exports. In October 2021,Russia made more than $500million a day from fossil fuels. "To put it simply: every time we buy Russian oil or gas, money from our pockets is going to Putin to fund this war. Yet, we can help stop war by cutting demand for fossil fuels.  "Even before this war in Ukraine, we were facing an energy price crisis in the UK. Millions of people face falling into poverty as they struggle to pay higher energy bills and increased living costs. "Now, household bills could become £3000 higher by October 2022. Which could leave nearly 8.5million households in fuel poverty – 2.5million more than before the war began. "Last year, we might have experienced our energy company going out of business or seen offshore workers facing months of unemployment thanks to the government’s failure to act. "But now we’re all seeing how closely connected oil and gas is with paying for illegal wars, and how vulnerable we are when we rely heavily on fossil fuel energy." 