Hand luggage restrictions can make packing for your long-awaited holiday a headache. As well as taking into account weight and size specifications, travellers also need to make sure they don't pack any banned items in their cabin bags. The Government sets out a number of "sharp and prohibited items" which are banned from hand luggage. However, this may raise some concerns when it comes to personal items, including razors. The good news is, even if you are travelling with just hand luggage, you don't need to spend your vacation looking unkempt. Though razor blades are banned, there are some allowances for disposable razors. READ MORE: BA cancels over 100 flights- full list Passengers are only allowed to take fixed-cartridge razor blades in their hand luggage, according to Gov.uk. According to Gillette: "You are allowed to take disposable razors in your hand luggage, as long as they’re still in their packaging. "You can also take electric razors in hand luggage, but you might have to take them out of your bag as it goes through the security scanner, depending on the airport’s rules around electrical items." Disposable razors must be placed inside your hand luggage for the duration of the flight. However, razor blades are listed among the sharp and prohibited items which are banned. DON'T MISSPortugal warning: British tourists given passport warning [WARNING]Benidorm chaos as pubs could be forced to close early [REPORT]Family who booked wrong Newport on £1,000 holiday demand refund [INSIGHT] Razor blades Double-edged blades of any kind are banned from being taken onboard flights, and that includes razor blades. Gatwick Airport stated: “Only razors where the blade is fully and permanently enclosed and razor cartridges are allowed in hand baggage.” Multiple lighters Passengers are only permitted to take one lighter per person onto their flight. Gov.uk explained, however, that lighters can not be placed into hand luggage. Instead, Gov.uk said passengers must "put a lighter in a plastic liquids bag and keep it on your person" if they hope to travel with one. Scissors Some scissors are permitted in hand luggage, according to Gov.uk. The Government specified that "small scissors with blades no longer than six centimetres" are permitted both in hand luggage and hold luggage. Larger scissors with blades exceeding six centimetres are banned from hand luggage, but may be permitted in hold luggage depending on the airline you are travelling with. Round-ended or blunt scissors are allowed in cabin bags. Knives Knives with a sharp or pointed blade, or a blade longer than six centimetres are banned from hand luggage. In some cases, your airline may permit you to place these in hold luggage. Gov.uk advised checking with your specific carrier before packing any sharp items. Corkscrews If you are planning on taking a corkscrew on holiday, you should be sure to pack this in your checked luggage. According to Government regulations, corkscrews are banned from hand luggage when transmitting through UK airports. 