Liverpool and Manchester United might have just been handed a major boost in their race to sign Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni. The Frenchman is also on Paris Saint-Germain's shortlist ahead of the summer transfer window. Monaco star Tchouameni has no interest in signing for PSG as he wants to further his career by leaving France this summer. That will give Liverpool and United a major boost ahead of the Ligue 1 champions, who could blow them both out of the water with money alone. The France international is hot property this summer ahead of the transfer window after a sensational campaign in Ligue 1. It has seen him even break into the national set-up where Didier Deschamps is spoilt for choice. Real Madrid and Chelsea are also interested in the midfielder but Liverpool and United might be able to entice the player should he decide to move to the Premier League. Both clubs are looking at strengthening the middle of the park, where they have looked light. United have made signing a defensive midfielder a priority after a miserable campaign where their lack of a specialist has left them brutally exposed. Whereas Liverpool have yet to truly replace Georginio Wijnaldum while Jordan Henderson and Thiago Alcantara are not getting any younger. And Tchouameni could be the answer while Deportes Cope journalist Arancha Rodriguez has reported that the 22-year-old has his sights set on leaving his homeland this summer. That would leave PSG without a chance of landing the highly-rated midfield star. The French giants are expected to revamp their squad despite winning the title at a canter with the Champions League their main priority and that could also include a change of manager with Mauricio Pochettino clinging to his job. But they will have to look elsewhere in the engine department. Other midfielders that are admired by United and Liverpool include Borussia Dortmund ace Jude Bellingham. The 18-year-old has gone on to become one of the top talents in the world after a sensational campaign in the Bundesliga. But the German club are not interested in selling the England international as they prepare for the departure of Erling Haaland as they do not want to lose two key players in the same transfer window. It does mean, though, that a transfer is on the cards in the summer of 2023. However, for United, they cannot wait that long while Erik ten Hag will arrive with big ideas ahead of what is expected to be a huge transfer window for the Red Devils. Jurgen Klopp might feel more relaxed over waiting a year for Bellingham, that is if he cannot sign Tchouameni this summer.