Where there’s damp, mould will soon follow. So, it’s no surprise the washing machine can be a breeding ground for it. Unless you’re one of the few who dries or leaves it open after every use, the detergent drawer is a particularly prominent space for black mould - or soap scum - to formulate. However, there is a “super cheap” and easy way to get rid of it, with an ingredient many already have in their kitchen cupboard right now. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have been sharing their advice on dedicated social media cleaning pages, including how to clean “disgusting” washing machine drawers. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one man asked for advice on how to clean the inside and outside of her washing machine drawer. Anthony Colclough wrote: “How do I clean the washing machine drawer - black, plus inside of drawer?” The drawers might only contain cleaning products, but these can still dry up, get stuck, and become a breeding ground for mould, mildew, and awful smells. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to stop washing machines ‘getting grimy’ At first glance, your washing machine drawer might not look too bad – however once you’ve removed the drawer and had a good look, you’ll find more soap scum and build-ups of detergent than you’d have imagined. Mould in the washing machine drawer is not only unsightly, but it can also filter into the washing machine and imprint on the items in the drum. This can cause your machine - and clothes - to smell damp and musty; so if you’ve noticed this scent emerge after a spin, it’s likely you might be dealing with a slight mould problem. According to Mrs Hinch fans, homeowners can make light work of this household chore with white vinegar. DON'T MISS: Interior design tips: Paint colours to ‘avoid’ for ‘small rooms’ [EXPERT]Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT] Danielle Reader said: “Just take the drawer out and clean and soak it in white vinegar.” Carol Laing advised: “Remove the drawer. Spray inside with a white vinegar and then clean with an old toothbrush.” Shirley Bean commented: “I use an old toothbrush with white vinegar under warm water and the mould just disappears.” Shirley Dobbs suggested: “Remove from the machine and soak in white vinegar for an hour or two then scrub clean. “I use an old toothbrush to scrub the compartment in the washer and wipe out the debris. “Then I put the machine back together and wash on a boil wash with white vinegar in the drum. “I like using white vinegar as it’s super cheap and involves no harsh chemicals.” Maria Trinder replied: “I did mine today, put it to soak in warm white vinegar water and wiped with a cloth. It looks like new when done.” White vinegar is a cleaning miracle. Not only is it much more gentle than harsh chemicals like bleach, it’s also affordable and incredibly effective. It can be picked up for as little as 29p in Tesco. Studies have shown white vinegar has the properties to destroy over 80 percent of mould species - and prevent it from returning. So if a chemical cleaner isn’t for you, using this natural ingredient could very well be the optimal solution to achieving a sterile and sparkling detergent drawer.