Chelsea are growing confident that Roman Abramovich's sale of the club will go through with the UK Government holding onto the £1.6billion loan owed to the Russian. Abramovich was sanctioned by the Government in March over his links to Vladimir Putin and the Chelsea owner subsequently put the club up for sale. Abramovich's assets were frozen, forcing Chelsea to operate under a special licence, with Raine given the task of overseeing the sale of the club. Todd Boehly and his consortium have now been named as the preferred bidder, but there have already been a number of twists and turns in recent weeks. But new fears arose recently when Abramovich appeared to go back on his word of wiping off the £1.6bn loan owed to him by Chelsea. The UK Government doesn't want any money from the sale of Chelsea going directly to Abramovch or his beneficiaries. Ministers want a large portion of proceeds from the takeover to be used to help rebuild Ukraine after the Russian invasion. But Abramovich's apparent change of heart has caused some concern among the Government. JUST IN: Murray working with ex-Chelsea doctor Carneiro in bid to extend career  However, The Times report that Chelsea are confident the sale of the club can still go ahead with the Government holding onto the £1.6bn loan owed to Abramovich. Over £2.5bn will reportedly go to the Government with £1bn being used to help the crisis in Ukraine. The rest of the fortune will then be held until other issues with the trust are resolved. The huge loan was paid to the club through a trust at the Jersey-based Camberley International Investments. Meanwhile, Boehly's bid is currently in a period of exclusivity to get the takeover completed. That five-day period ends on Friday, meaning Sir Jim Ratcliffe could come back to the table if Boehly and his consortium are unable to get the green light from the Government. DON'T MISS  The Monaco-based British billionaire made a last-ditch bid to buy Chelsea, but was immediately knocked back by Raine Group. It's since been reported that Ratcliffe can't progress with his bid at this stage due to the period of exclusivity given to Boehly's group. And Ratcliffe remains confident that he will be given a chance to move ahead of Boehly's group to buy Chelsea. He said: “We like football. It’s no deeper than that, really. It’s very much in our roots. Ineos [is] not particularly well known, but it’s bigger than Barclays, it’s bigger than Nike. If we want to make money, we make money in our chemicals — you know bit of oil and gas, that sort of thing. “The investment in Chelsea is a long-term thing. Can we run that club really well and turn it into one of the finest clubs in Europe — that’s our ambition.”