Britons visiting European countries will have to pay extra for a new ‘“visa-waiver” which will be introduced next year. Travellers aged 18 to 70 will be forced to foot the bill for the travel document for short stays in any EU country. Here’s everything you need to know about the new rule and how much it will cost you. A new visa style system being introduced for all UK travellers from 2023 requires travellers to pay for a “US style” electronic travel authorisation system. Known as the European Travel Information and Authorisation System (ETIAS), Britons will need to have one if travelling for less than 90 days during a 180 day period. According to the official website for the system Etias.com, “ETIAS is not a visa, and is more accurately referred to as a visa-waiver”. The website states: “The ETIAS, like the ESTA, is a travel authorisation for travellers not requiring a visa to visit Europe.” READ MORE: Suitcase packing tips: Don't 'layer' your clothes - ingenious method An ETIAS is required if travelling to any European country by plane, boat or car, and is also needed even if only transiting through Europe. It comes with a minor cost of just £5 (€7), for all travellers who are required to have one. British travellers, alongside all other visitors from non-EU countries, will be subject to the chargeable authorisation system if aged between 18 and 70-years-old. Before travelling to any country in the EU from 2023, you must first apply for ETIAS at least 96 hours before your planned departure. This can be completed for free online, though you will be charged the £5 fee once the application is finalised. DON'T MISSFlight attendant 'you will never get upgraded' on a flight [EXPERT]Suitcase packing method to save 'a lot more room' than rolling [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares how to keep bedbugs out of luggage [TIPS] According to the official website for the system, the authorisation process will check the security credentials and charge a fee to travellers visiting EU member countries for business, tourism, medical or transit purposes. When applying for ETIAS, applicants will be asked for information about: Proof of the visa-waiver will be checked by airlines before passengers can board the plane. Similarly to a passport, ETIAS has some longevity. The visa-waiver lasts for three years and should be renewed or re-applied for once the expiry date arrives. If you need to stay in a European country for more than a 90 day period, you will need to apply for a different type of visa. The type of visa you need will depend on the reason for your stay, so you should always research this yourself before applying. The new system is the second of two significant measures to be implemented across Europe since Britain left the European Union. In fact, the new visa system was meant to be rolled out this year, but was delayed by the new European Union Entry and Exit System (EES) system, which will be enforced across Europe later this year. The new digital system will check the person’s name, biometric data and the date and place of entry and exit. Until 2023, travel will remain as it is, with passports being stamped until ETIAS comes into force.