Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers. She rocketed to fame once she began to share her cleaning tricks and tips with other cleaning enthusiasts. Mrs Hinch is so successful that cleaning fans have created Facebook pages in her honour. On one page, with more than 10,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to clean her electric oven hob. Becky Sherwin said: “What can I use to remove these pan marks of my brand-new oven top without scratching it! I literally got it Monday just gone and I’ve managed to somehow mess it up.” The post was inundated with more than 150 comments with other fans sharing various pieces of advice. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ Katrina Lloyd reassured Becky she hadn’t “messed it up”, saying: “That’s what happens with these types of hobs. “I used to use Hob Brite and that works well, but I’ve switched to Elbow Grease cream cleaner as it’s cheaper and works just a bit better.” Helen Conte recommended using Bar Keepers Friend’s power cream. She said: “I rub it on with a paper kitchen towel, wipe off with a damp cloth then buff with a dry paper towel. For tougher marks you may need to repeat but it's the best thing I've found. Please don't use scouring pads they will damage the surface in time.” DON'T MISS: How to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] Karen Taylor wrote: “I was in the exact same position the other day, second use of hob and milk stuck like lava. Astonish hob cleaner and a hob scraper tool kept at 30 degrees. Very patient, careful job, and mine’s like new again. Good luck!” Lisa McDiarmid commented: “You can buy a little scraper from eBay for about £3, they work great, just do it a layer at a time.” Others advised Hob Brite too. Michele James said: “Hob Brite heat rings up just so as they are warm to touch, cover with Hob Brite with scourer, not too hard as don’t want to scratch leave it to dry with the Hob Brite on it. “It goes sort of like powdered at the edges scourer again once dry, then use damp cloth to wipe off then buff with window cleaner and soft cloth will come up a treat.” Emma Paterson added: “I use Hob Brite which is great, and get a glass scraper.” Karen Hilton recommended a hob protector, saying: “When you've sorted it, I bought a hob protector from Lakeland. It’s not cheap, but the sheet fitted our hob perfectly and you just wash it in soapy water and wipe the hob if any spills.” Linda Hodt said: “I use neat washing up liquid gently rubbed in. Leave for a while then buff up.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Interestingly, Claire Connochie advised a natural method of cleaning the hob. She said: “Happened to our brand-new hob too (water spilled over from pan) and a bicarbonate of soda and vinegar paste worked wonders!” Jade Maguire wrote: “Astonish hob cleaner is great, always brings my hob up nice after I messed it up.” Jill Martindale agreed. She said: “Astonish hob cleaner, work in circular motion with a green scourer, rinse and buff up with a glass cloth.” Lisa Tongue added: “Magic eraser and a squirt of washing up liquid works brilliantly for me.”