Panorama 3 is the third soundbar from prestigious audio British brand Bowers & Wilkins. And it's definitely a charm. This sleek Dolby Atmos soundbar delivers a gut-punching sound that doesn't just fill the room ...but is capable of shaking it to its foundations. Bowers & Wilkins says you'll never need a standalone subwoofer paired with the Panorama 3 and our downstairs neighbours can report that claim certainly isn't marketing bumf. Blessedly, even when it's cranked up to eleven, the Panorama 3 never loses its clarity. The 13 individual drive units inside the Panorama 3 result in a ridiculous amount of separation, which is pretty impressive for a single box that remains diddy enough to sit comfortably underneath most flatscreen televisions. With your eyes closed, it's easy to convince yourself that you're listening to a number of speakers dotted around the room ...not an all-in-one soundbar nestled under the telly. A large part of the audio magic taking place is due to the clever upwards-firing drivers, which bounce off the ceiling to create the impression of a surround sound setup. If you're not keen on the appearance of speakers dotted around your sofa, but want a cinematic audio upgrade for your next boxset binge or blockbuster – the Panorama 3 might just be the best option on the market. Dolby Atmos is an industry standard for satellite set-top boxes, streaming services, and games consoles, so its inclusion in the latest from Bowers & Wilkins is very welcome. As you'd expect, the Panorama connects via HDMI eARC, so there's no need to go through the hassle of pairing your existing remotes with the soundbar – everything works out-of-the-box. There's also support for chatty AI assistant Alexa, so you can request your favourite songs, radio stations, podcasts and audiobooks without reaching for your smartphone or hunting for a remote. It's incredibly convenient, although we wish Bowers & Wilkins had taken a leaf from Sonos' playbook and included Google Assistant support too – so your shiny new soundbar isn't tied to a single hands-free assistant, which will impact the video doorbells, smart thermostats, Wi-Fi-enabled lightbulbs, and other smart home kit that you can buy in the years to come. That's a small nitpick, especially given that Bowers & Wilkins has outdone Sonos when it comes to the dizzying number of ways to beam songs, playlists, podcasts, and more from your smartphone or tablet to the Panorama 3. This all-in-one soundbar supports AirPlay 2 for wireless lossless streaming from all Apple gadgets, Spotify Connect for those who subscribe to the music streaming service, and aptX Adaptive Bluetooth. There's also the Bowers & Wilkins Music App, which lets you stream from services like Deezer, Last.fm, Qobuz, Soundcloud, TIDAL and TuneIn. If you're looking for an all-in-one soundbar with room-rattling bass, plenty of connectivity options for iOS and Android users, an elegant design and a convincing Dolby Atmos surround sound experience from a single package ...the Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 3 is an excellent choice. Trust us, movie nights will never sound the same. The Panorama 3 has a pretty understated and functional design. The Dolby Atmos soundbar is a rectangular box with a mesh fabric that surrounds three sides with the hard case covering the top – broken only by the small capacitive touchscreen. In a nice touch, this screen will only spring to life when it detects a nearby presence. That means you won't need to worry about a blueish light from the small screen illuminating the room screen during movie night. The capacitive touchscreen allows quick access to volume and power controls – handy when using the Panorama 3 to wirelessly play music since it'll save you from having to fish your smartphone from a pocket each time you want to adjust the volume or want to pause the track. And of course, there's always Alexa if you want to skip to a new song, switch to a podcast or audiobook, or just check the weather while getting ready in the morning. The minimalist design of the Panorama 3 will fit with any home décor, although it's not quite as pleasing as the stylish circular shape of the Sonos Arc, which is certainly more of a statement piece. The Panorama 3 is designed to sit in front of your television. Those who want a soundbar that's wide enough to sit the television on top will need to look elsewhere. Bowers & Wilkins includes mounting brackets so you can fix the Panorama 3 beneath a wall-mounted television, which is a really nice touch. Measuring 47.6-inches wide (1210mm) and 5.5-inches deep (140mm), it's worth starting that Bowers & Wilkins' soundbar is a pretty hefty piece of kit. As such, if you're planning to hook up the Panorama 3 with a television that's 43-inches or under – it's going to look ridiculous. For comparison, the comparable Sonos Arc weighs in at 45-inches wide and 4.5-inches deep, although it sits an inch taller so is more likely to obscure part of the screen. This Dolby Atmos soundbar will dwarf your telly and, most likely, the piece of furniture that it sits on. Even a 50-inch Smart TV could be a push. If you're planning an upgrade, it's worth measuring to ensure the Panorama 3 will fit comfortably. If not, it might be worth looking at a more compact Dolby Atmos soundbar, like the Sonos Beam (Gen 2). While that doesn't offer the same surround sound-like experience, it's designed to sit snugly beneath smaller TVs. Connecting the Panorama 3 is handled via HDMI eARC, which works a treat. You'll instantly be able to any of your remotes – satellite boxes, the television or streaming dongles – to control volume on the soundbar. Unfortunately, there's no HDMI passthrough included with the soundbar, so you will have to sacrifice one of the HDMI ports at the back of your telly to upgrade your sound. That's a little disappointing at this price point. Between games consoles, satellite set-top boxes, and streaming dongles like the Fire TV or Apple TV... most people need three or four available HDMI ports, and losing one permanently to the Panorama 3 means you might have to start juggling cables like a telephone switchboard operator depending on what you want to watch. Panorama 3 boasts 13 individual drive units, including twin subwoofers. Ahead of the launch of its latest soundbar, Bowers & Wilkins made the lofty claim that you'd never need a standalone subwoofer to enjoy deep bass. And within minutes of streaming Star Wars: The Force Awakens with the Panorama 3, it became clear that isn't marketing bumf. With a mighty 400W of amplification, there's some serious power packed into this all-in-one speaker. If you're cursed with thin walls (or noise-sensitive neighbours) you're unlikely to pass the halfway point of the volume bar on the Panorama 3. Open-plan homes will be able to rely on the Panorama 3 for boxset binges, background music during dinner parties, and full-throated singalongs as you move between multiple rooms. Thanks to the inclusion of AirPlay 2 and Spotify Connect, you can pair the Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 3 with multiple speakers around the home ...but honestly, you're unlikely to need that feature with the amount of oomph packed into this single speaker. Bowers & Wilkins will introduce its own multi-room capabilities to the Panorama 3 in an upcoming software update, which will enable those with its other speakers, like the iconic Zeppelin, to synchronise playback of tracks across multiple speakers and rooms. Or, alternatively, you'll be able to play different songs, podcast episodes, audiobooks and playlists in every room of the house. It's a shame this feature isn't available at launch, especially as the Panorama 3's closest rival – Sonos Arc – arrives out-of-the-box with the same functionality, thanks to the excellent Sonos app on iOS and Android. Nonetheless, it's reassuring that Bowers & Wilkins have pledged to bring new features to the Panorama 3 with future updates as it shows there is still enough headroom with the system-on-a-chip inside the speaker to enable new features not available at launch. When you're splashing £899 on a new Dolby Atmos soundbar, you'll want to feel confident that it'll be supported for years to come. Panorama 3 launched on March 3, 2022. It's available from Bowers & Wilkins' own online store, as well as a number of high street and online retailers. The all-in-one soundbar is available in a single colour – black and grey. That might come as a disappointment for those who want their speakers to match their décor.