Manchester United and Erik ten Hag could seemingly receive a major boost to their summer transfer plans if Xavi decides to replicate Pep Guardiola's old tactics at Barcelona ahead of next season. The Red Devils are believed to be planning for a large-scale overhaul between now and the start of the new campaign in order to gear up for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the very next time of asking. United are said to be in the market for a new holding midfielder to replace Paul Pogba, who looks set to leave Old Trafford upon the expiry of his contract in the summer months. They have been linked with a number of high-profile names over the last few weeks but are said to have a genuine interest in Barcelona maestro Frenkie de Jong, with United chiefs reportedly weighing up the idea of making a concrete approach for his services in the not-too-distant future.De Jong played under Ten Hag during his time at Ajax before joining Barcelona in 2019 and would seemingly fit the profile at United, who are in desperate need of additional reinforcements in a number of positions before the new season begins. The 24-year-old is held in high regard by those at the Nou Camp but there seems to be a chance that he could be moved on if Xavi follows through with his plan to copy Pep Guardiola's tactical approach over the coming weeks.The Barcelona manager is looking to 'clone' the strategy that was used by Guardiola to dominate European football during the latter's time in charge of the Catalan giants, according to Mundo Deportivo. Xavi is said to be aware that Guardiola's side triumphed with two inside players who dominated the ball like himself and Andres Iniesta, with Sergio Busquets occupying the holding role in front of the back four. JUST IN: Five things we learned as Nketiah scores twice as Arsenal beat Leeds Barcelona already have Pedri on their books and believe that the 19-year-old, who is widely regarded as one of the world's brightest young talents, is more than capable of excelling in the creative midfield position on a long-term basis. However, it is said that Xavi may scour the market in search of a similar alternative to play alongside Pedri instead of De Jong over the coming months.It remains to be seen whether De Jong will eventually leave Barcelona if he is likely to be frozen out under Xavi's proposed new tactic when the action resumes next season. The situation appears as though it could give United the upper hand in their efforts to bring the player to Old Trafford, although his father, John, has already poured cold water on the idea of a move to England as a result of the notoriously unpredictable weather. "It's often bad weather there, of course it's about football, but it does matter," he told Algemeen Dagblad when quizzed on United's hopes of signing De Jong back in December."Of course, I know that Barcelona needs money and a great offer for Frenkie could help, but I don't see it happening any time soon. Although, five top European clubs have all called." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here