In January, Ricky Gervais’ hit Netflix series After Life came to an end after three seasons. The actor and comedian revealed he was overwhelmed with emotions when he was forced to say goodbye to his onscreen dog Brandy (played by Antilly).  After Life gave viewers an emotional look into journalist Tony Johnson’s (Ricky Gervais) life as he tried to grieve the loss of his wife. The tragic event turned his world upside down and Tony’s seemingly perfect life was over as he even contemplated taking his own life. As he struggled to go with his life, the one thing which remained constant was his responsibility to care for his German Shepherd. This ultimately kept him alive as he would worry about who would care for Brandy had he also died. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Throughout the series, Brandy became Tony’s strength as would go out to walk her, which gave him a new purpose. After watching the show, many viewers questioned if Antilly was Ricky’s real-life dog as they both had a tight bond onscreen. Ricky opened up about saying an emotional farewell to the pet after filming had wrapped as he would no longer spend as much time with her. The actor joined host Stephen Colbert for an episode of The Late Show, where he made the tear-jerking revelation.  He shared: “The rest of the cast I was saying goodbye whatever and when I had to hug her [Antilly] that was when I really got emotional. “I was thinking ‘oh she doesn’t know why she won’t see me next week,’ so I was worried.” He added: “But I see her for publicity and she runs straight over to me, honestly there is nothing as beautiful as a dog.” According to News18, Antilly was introduced to the show as Brandy to show fans how dogs can “perceive their owners’ emotions and be there for them when they need them”. DON'T MISS...Zoe Henry children: How many kids does Emmerdale star have? [INSIGHT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [INSIGHT] After Life's Ricky Gervais details reason he avoids cliffhangers [INSIGHT] Despite their close bond, Antilly doesn’t belong to Ricky, but instead is owned by Ashley Foster and Beth Heale. Ricky revealed the inspiration of the show, after his furry friend ran away. He shared: “That’s where the idea came from, the first thought I had was 'What if you lost everything?' “You could do what you want without consequences, and I thought, well 'What’s losing everything?' and to me, it’s your soul mate, your life partner. 