Jamie Lee Curtis took to Instagram to reminisce over the film she had made with Ray Liotta back in the 1980s. Describing the late Goodfellas star as a "beautiful artist", she revealed to her 4.2 million followers the pleasure she'd had sharing the set with Ray in the film Dominick and Eugene, when she'd played his lover. "Ray Liotta has died," she announced sorrowfully, before adding: "What a gentle human. "His work as an actor showed his complexity as a human. A beautiful artist. "We made the lovely film, Dominic and Eugene in 1986. Sad news." (Sic) The post, published yesterday, was one in a series where the star also discussed gun reform and the tragedy of high school shootings, as well as her role in recent Pride celebrations for the LGBT+ community. READ NOW: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today However, her tribute in honour of Ray attracted the attention of thousands of her followers, who stopped to like and comment on the post. @ebin91579 echoed in agreement: "I was just talking about his stellar work with some friends a couple weeks ago. "I feel like we've been losing some of the best of the 80s and 90s this year." @ageandattitude concurred: "He had so much humanity! And depth! I can’t believe he’s gone so soon." Meanwhile @bchanson67 declared of Dominick and Eugene: "This movie gets me every damn time. One of my favorites." Jamie Lee and Ray had both played central roles in the film. Ray had starred as Eugene, one of two twin brothers, while Jamie Lee played Jennifer, a nurse at the hospital where Eugene is training to be a doctor. The pair enjoyed the throes of tender romance on-screen, but there was concern that if they married, Eugene's twin brother Dominick, who had mental impairment due to an accident as a teen, may not have been able to cope on his own. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] The movie was released in 1986 to rave reviews from the public and Tom Hulce, who played Dominick, even received a Golden Globe nomination. Jamie Lee is now looking back with fondness at the times she and Ray shared on screen. His untimely death yesterday shocked many, as there had been no indication that it was forthcoming. The cause of the legendary gangster actor's death is as yet uncertain. However, sources have claimed to TMZ that no foul play was suspected. The star is best known for his roles as mafia gangster Henry Hill in the hit film Goodfellas, Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and Tommy Vercetti in the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. In 1990, Ray's role in Martin Scorses's film Goodfella's made him a household name and went on to win multiple awards. Since the news of his tragic death broke, tributes have been pouring in for the Hollywood star on social media, including from another of his co-stars Jennifer Lopez - and now Jamie Lee has joined them in singing his praises.