The six-seat all-weather Royal Household buggy, made by Danish firm Daria, has a top speed of 43mph and a range of 50 miles on its lithium battery, Costing £62,000, it features mod cons like a fridge, bluetooth speakers and a 10-inch screen with weather updates. Sitting beside the Queen and giving a commentary, was Keith Weed, president of the Royal Horticultural Society, which stages the event. Sat facing the rear were Mr Weed’s wife Kate and a lady-in-waiting, who held a number of bouquets given to the Queen. The beaming monarch, who has attended the London event more than 50 times, arrived at 5.35pm yesterday and stopped to speak to designers and other experts. At one point she joked about the appalling weather in her Coronation year. At a garden designed to highlight deforestation, the Queen asked designer Danny Clarke how long it took to create. “Two and a half years,” he replied. “Covid helped!” she laughed. BBC gardening presenter Monty Don chatted to her about filming during lockdown with remote cameras, saying, “It was quite odd.” The Queen replied: “I’m sure.” Talking about people turning to gardening during the pandemic, she added: “And it’s probably very therapeutic, digging.” The Queen was seen using the buggy to get around Windsor Castle in March as she suffers from stiffness in her legs. But it is thought to be the first time in nearly a decade that the monarch has used such transport at an official engagement. The Queen used a golf buggy in the gardens of Buckingham Palace in 2013 during the Coronation Festival and on her 2011 tour of Australia. A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said yesterday: “Adjustments have been made for the Queen’s comfort.” One designer who chatted to the Queen, Juliet Sargeant, said later: “The same with anybody with mobility issues, it’s just great to find a way to do what you love. “She loves gardens and it’s a great way for her to be able to pursue her passion.” The buggy made its public debut as other members of the Royal Family toured the site at the Royal Hospital Chelsea in London on foot. They included the Earl and Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. This year’s show features floral artwork specially commissioned for the Jubilee and signed by the Queen. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Garden, by renowned florist Simon Lycett, features steel silhouettes of the monarch, surrounded by 70 planted terracotta pots, representing each year of her reign. Another installation transports visitors to one of the Queen’s favourite places, with a canopy of flowers including fresh delphiniums emulating the colours and planting of the Scottish landscape near her Balmoral estate. The show – cancelled in 2020 and rescheduled to September in 2021 – opens to the public today.