The Eurovision Song Contest returns to BBC One for the grand final this evening, May 14. Norway performed in the first round of the semi-finals and Subwoolfer were branded one of the most memorable acts of the night. This did not stop some viewers from comparing the duo, Keith and Jim, to Daft Punk. Representing Norway on the big stage in Turin, Italy, Subwoolfer left everyone in the audience open-mouthed. Their quirky dance number featured Keith and Jim sporting yellow wolf masks, as they performed with dancers wearing yellow Morphsuits. Behind them, a DJ dressed as an astronaut hit the decks on a platform. The setup reminded viewers of Daft Punk, the renowned electronic duo who broke up in 2021. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts, @Oane_ said: “Giele Banana. Daft Punk Wannabees. #Eurovision2022 #Norway.” Charlene Williams added: “If Daft Punk got their headgear off Wish #EUROVISION.” Matt Taylor chimed in: “I was wondering what had happened to Daft Punk #Eurovision2022 #Norway.” Ramtim Mehraram added: “The lost Daft Punk #Eurovision.” Meanwhile, @LaMastro89 said: “#Eurovision2022 Low cost Daft Punk. #Norway.” @Iancharris concluded: “Distinct Daft Punk vibe from #Norway #Eurovision2022.” Despite the criticism, the act made it through to Saturday's grand final. Much like Daft Punk, the duo assume unusual personas, keeping their faces covered at all times. In order to preserve their identities, they consider themselves out of this world and do not give anything away about their private lives. Daft Punk became internationally recognised for their unique image, something the Norwegian duo have also achieved. DON'T MISS... Why is Russia not competing in Eurovision 2022? [INSIGHT] Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [EXPLAINER] Finland Eurovision 2022 singer: What song did The Rasmus have in UK? [INSIGHT] Subwoolfer took to Instagram to poke fun at some of the other Eurovision acts. The video featured the pair causing mischief as they played clips of music videos from other entries. One of the videos was of the UK's Sam Ryder, and they captioned the upload: "What are you looking at? "You may be the spaceman but we are the spacewoolfers." In all of their rare media appearances, the duo keep their faces covered in the same yellow wolf masks. They reveal very little about their true identities, with viewers learning they "first formed 4.5 billion years ago on their home planet, the moon". Daft Punk similarly had a unique backstory as to how they became 'robots'. The only difference is their real identities were known to the world as Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo.  Eurovision 2022 returns to BBC One for the grand final tonight, May 14.