Jethro Lazenby had reportedly also been facing more criminal charges before he died at the age of 31. The son of Australian singer Nick Cave was found dead in a dingy motel room in Melbourne, Australia last Friday. He had been released from jail the day before, after being locked up for violently assaulting his mother in a row about cigarettes. Now it has emerged Jethro, who had enjoyed a successful career as a model, was facing more criminal charges before his death. These included a string of petty thefts, according to court documents obtained by Daily Mail Australia. The website reports that on November 1 last year, police arrested Jethro after he was caught shoplifting from a Melbourne CBD 7-Eleven store. He was accused of stealing a bag of Smith’s crisps and a packet of chilli beef jerky worth just $12.50 (£7). READ MORE: Strictly's Rose Ayling-Ellis shares insight to life with boyfriend Later that day he was caught stealing food again, allegedly helping himself to two meat pies and a smoothie costing $11 (£6). Jethro had also been arrested for attacking his girlfriend in the past in a squabble over money – immediately assaulting her after being released on bail. Sources told the publication Jethro had struggled with drug addiction for most of his adult life. After the assault on his mum, a former model called Lee-Anne ‘Beau’ Lazenby, Jethro pleaded guilty to one count of unlawful assault and breaching court orders. He was due to appear in court for sentencing on June 29 and had a series of other crimes listed on the court system at the time of his death. The brutal attack on his mother at her home in Melbourne’s Collingwood area is said to have left her bloodied and bruised. She made up a bed for him after finding him on her front porch just after midnight on March 7, the Herald Sun reported at the time. But a court heard things turned bad the following morning and Jethro lashed out when his mum refused to buy him a pack of cigarettes. DONT MISS:Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome (PHOTOS)Stacey Dooley aims cheeky jibe at partner Kevin Clifton wearing speedo (NEWS)Amanda Holden, 51, daringly flashes leg in skirt with VERY high split(LATEST) A police summary reportedly read: “While standing in front of the victim, the accused has then reached forward and grabbed both the victim’s shoulders with his hands. “He lunged forward and kneed the victim to the face and nose, causing bleeding and bruising.” It is the second family tragedy to strike the Cave family in recent years – after Nick and his wife Susie lost their teenage son Arthur seven years ago. Jethro’s half-brother was 15 when he fell from a cliff in Brighton after taking the hallucinogenic drug LSD. The schoolboy, whose twin Earl marked his 20th birthday two years ago, was found lying unconscious on a coastal path below the steep ledge by passers-by who desperately tried to carry out first aid. Arthur, who devastated pals said was "always happy and smiling", was pronounced dead after being airlifted to a local hospital. The family described Arthur as a "beautiful, happy loving boy" at the time of his death.