Chris Packham, Michaela Strachan, Iolo Williams and Megan McCubbin return on Monday for the latest series of BBC’s Springwatch. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Chris shared the major grievance he has with gardeners who opt for plastic grass.    The naturalist was asked what advice he would give to nature lovers who want to make their garden as hospitable to animals as possible. Chris urged: “Don’t make it tidy because nature is not necessarily tidy in the way that we see tidiness. “We see tidiness as an order, generally by separating things and putting them into different units. “But nature has a tidiness which is a different type of order in that it works and the complexity of it knits together to make something that is sustainable and harmonious.” Read more: 'You'll take away quality' Chris Packham on BBC licence fee debate    “So leave a dead tree if it is safe to do so,” he continued. “If it isn’t going to fall down then leave it there, allow your grass heads to rise and fruit and wither, just be a bit less tidy and be more tolerant of the fact that nature's apparent disorder is something which is remarkably beautiful when it is all working. “Some people like really manicured gardens and they take it to an extreme. “One of the things that is making nature lovers really irate at the moment is the increasing use of plastic grass.” Chris expressed his fury at those who choose to install plastic grass in their gardens.    He vented: “We mustn’t get onto plastic grass otherwise I’m going to start sweating and hitting the table. “But that is the extreme that people will go to when they want to manicure their environment and it should be the complete opposite.” The BBC presenter went on to detail his own outdoor space and why it provides a good habitat for different species. “I don’t have a lawn,” Chris quipped. “I've got a wildflower bed which is not as rich as it should be but it is all overgrown, I cut it once a year, there’s butterflies and bees and everything out there.”  DON'T MISSCountryfile's Hamza Yassin 'nervous' to work with celebrities [INTERVIEW]Springwatch's Hannah Stitfall talks disbelief at landing BBC role [INSIGHT]Megan McCubbin family tree: Who is Megan McCubbin's mother? [INSIGHT]  Michaela shared her co-star’s annoyance and admitted she thought it was “sad” that more people don’t want to make the most of their gardens. She said: “I think people are getting very lazy with their gardens and I think that whole thing about wanting to put a plastic lawn down so you don’t have to mow the lawn, wanting to put decking down so you don’t have to get involved with your garden is really sad. “I think we have to really encourage people to have a bit of decking but leave a lot of it natural.” The BBC presenter went on to advise parents on how they can get their children involved with nature.   “I think the simplest thing that is so obvious but worth reminding, is to put bird food down and different stuff as well, don’t just put birdseed out, put nuts out, put fat balls out,” Michaela continued. “That is a really brilliant way of getting kids in particular connected to wildlife, getting into birds and enjoying seeing birds and being able to identify them. “You’ll be amazed at how much wildlife will then come into the garden.” Springwatch returns to BBC Two on Monday at 8pm. 