The westbound exit slip road at Junction 15 has been shut for emergency repairs after the road surface was badly damaged in the coach fire. Firefighters were called to the incident just before 3pm. Dramatic pictures show firefighters tackling the blaze as smoke billows around the charred vehicle. It is understood that everyone on the coach left the vehicle safely. All four lanes of the motorway were initially shut but have now reopened. National Highways said: "The #M4 J15 westbound exit slip road near #Swindon will remain closed overnight for emergency road surface repairs following extensive damaged caused by a coach fire."  In a statement, a spokesperson for Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service said: "We were called to the M4 at Junction 15 for Swindon at 2.48pm this afternoon for a single-decker coach on fire on the sliproad. "Three fire crews attended, from Swindon, Westlea and Stratton, together with a water carrier from Royal Wootton Bassett. "Six breathing apparatus wearers used two main jets and two hose reel jets to extinguish the fire, and our stop was at 4.25pm, with the last appliance away from the scene by 5.30pm." Motorists caught up in the traffic took to Twitter to post about the incident.  One Twitter user, Terry King, shared a picture showing the coach ablaze and warned of tailbacks. He said: "Coach fire at junction 15 looks like all are out and safe traffic building from all angles avoid." In an update the traffic service INRIX said: "M4 Westbound exit slip road closed due to coach fire at J15 A346 Marlborough Road (Swindon East). "The exit slip remains closed since 14:55, The M4 had been briefly held to allow police to release trapped traffic on the exit slip, all lanes have reopened on the main road." Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service urged drivers to use alternative routes in a tweet at 3.30pm. It said: "We are currently dealing with a vehicle fire on the M4 westbound near J15. "This is impacting local traffic so take an alternate route if you can."