Max (played by Paddy Bever) has had a fairly dramatic start to the year on Coronation Street, with his feud with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) reaching new heights. As a result of him spiking Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) a few months ago and his onslaught of torment towards Daniel, he has been transferred to a pupil referral unit and it was his first day in Wednesday night's episode of the ITV soap. However, it seems there could be someone at the new school who has brightened his mood and this boy could be the person to become the youngster's new lover. After rowing with Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) about his son's behaviour, David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) told Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) that he was unsure if this was the right move for Max. The barber said: "Tracy's right, you know. What future has Max got going to this new school? What is he going to say when employers ask why he went there?" "The whole point of this place is he gets specialised attention. I asked around the council and people were dead positive about it," Maria replied. At this moment, Max walked into the barbershop and said: "What's happening, losers?" with David asking him if he was alright. With a massive grin on his face, the teenager told his father: "Better than alright, actually," hinting something or someone had lifted his spirits. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Intrigued, David asked some follow up questions, saying to his son: "How was school?" and once again, Max's face beamed with excitement. Explaining why he was so happy, the troublemaker said: "It was great, they've got a great animation video suite, better than the tat at Weatherfield High. "And there is this cool lad called Chris. He started there not much before me so he gave me the low down on the place which was good." Max also spoke about a girl who had caught his attention but by specifically naming Chris, he could be indicating this is the character he is going to embark on a romance with. Not knowing the romantic connotations of the conversation, David replied: "Cool girl, cool Chris. So you liked it then?" Still elated over the new friends he had made, Max said: "Yes, obviously it's still school but compared to my last school, it's alright." Later on in the episode, David wanted to make sure this was one hundred percent the place the youngster wanted to be and he was going to be happy. "You've gone a whole day at this new school and the place is still standing," the barber remarked, with his son replying: "It's early days still." "I am serious though, you are going to give this place a go aren't you? I've been worried about you," the soap stalwart commented. "Yes, relax. I told you I like it," Max said, looking settled for the first time in ages but could this be because of Chris? DON'T MISS...Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Ryan Thomas shares 'insane' body transformation after 12 weeks [PICTURES] In recent years, Max has only shown an interest in girls as it seemed he had a crush on Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby). This obsession seemed to start off his erratic behaviour and fuelled his feud with Daniel as he was sure the school teacher was having an affair with his student. However, Summer told him there was nothing between them and ever since the troublemaker has been acting out and doing some pretty crazy things. It could be Chris who makes him change his ways as Max suddenly realises he has been running from his true self all this time. Although he liked Summer, he might not have felt the feelings for her he is feeling for Chris, cementing in his mind he wants this boy to be his boyfriend. Talking last year about his character's crush on Summer, the actor who plays Max, Paddy, explained there was an ulterior motive for wanting to get closer to her. The young soap star explained: "I think he has a huge crush on her which had developed because she’s the only person who had been giving him the time of day, everyone else was quite dismissive of him. "His crush was developing on Summer because she believed in him, she saw good in him whereas everyone else just saw a naughty little boy. "He saw Summer as this positive female role model and having lost his mum that’s huge and another reason why he’s so protective of this relationship." But will everyone be accepting of his new romance or will Max feel he has to hide it from his loved ones? Discussing his character's relationship with his family, Paddy added: "For most of his life Max hasn’t had a stable family. "He’s been moved around, he’s suffered the death of two parents, he’s had David come into the picture and then Shona after he lost his mum and that’s confusing for any child. "It’s not been easy for Max and I think that’s where this misdirected anger comes from. Anyone in his situation is going to have a lot of frustration and anger and find it hard to process things." Will Chris allow Max to become a calmer, more mature young man or will Max become more rebellious if he starts to hide his relationship? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.