Many flight attendants have recommended using "portable clothes pouches" or "clothes cubes" to store clothes in the suitcase in order to save space. However, there is another method which is reportedly much more effective. Flight attendant Rhiannon Corbett said while talking about how to pack for the next holiday: "Do consider the benefits of rolling your clothes rather than folding. "Tightly rolling clothes into compact pieces not only allows for fitting more items into the suitcase but it also cuts down on creases. "Do try use packing cubes or clothes pouches. "Packing cubes are a great way to compress your clothing and accessories to maximise space in your suitcase, organise your items and prevent items moving around while travelling." READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz also recommended the same method and advised against vacuum packing as most travellers won't be able to use a vacuum at their holiday destination. Vacuum-packing is a method of placing clothing and other items into a bag and sucking the air out of it with a vacuum. This removes the excess air and makes items as compact as possible. He said: "I think clothes pouches are definitely the best way to pack your clothes. It may seem silly but you can fit more clothes in your suitcase than without these. "Vacuum packing is a big mistake because you can do that on the way there, but probably you won't have a vacuum to use on your destination to pack for your way back."  However, there are portable vacuum storage systems, which could be a great alternative for those who want to continue using this method as much more clothes can be fitted than in clothes pouches. A portable travel vacuum and bags can be purchased on Amazon for under £15. Some travellers who have recently tried the item said the product was "excellent" for travelling. User 'elf89' explained: "I brought this product a month ago as I needed it to reduce some space in a suitcase to take on holiday. "It worked a treat and you get four vacuum bags as well well worth the money for travelling." Another one under the name 'Wolf69' said: "Saves a lot of space. "My wife thought it was the bee's knees, a great product." 'Miketroit' explained: "Great for the frequent traveller! I travel frequently with my job and this is excellent in compressing my laundry at the end of a work trip. "Nice and compact and no batteries to worry about." However, other users said it can take a long time with 'Cornflake' saying: "I needed a travel size vacpack. "It does what it says on the box, it does work. "But it takes such a long time, to do a medium bag with two dressing gowns took 15 mins. Just a heads up," he warned.