Ralf Rangnick will be leaving Manchester United this summer, with the surprising news confirmed on Sunday. The German had been pencilled in to become a consultant. And this strange update suggests something has happened behind the scenes that, so far, is being kept under wraps. United confirmed Rangnick’s departure on Sunday, saying in a statement: “We would like to thank Ralf Rangnick for his efforts as interim manager over the past six months. “By mutual agreement, Ralf will now focus solely on his new role as manager of the Austria national team and will not therefore be taking up a consultancy role at Old Trafford. “We would like to wish Ralf the best of luck in this next chapter of his career.” Yet there’s no denying this is strange. Only last week, prior to their final Premier League match with Crystal Palace, Rangnick spoke about becoming a consultant with the Red Devils. And he also opened up on his hopes to build a good relationship with new boss Erik ten Hag, who has been appointed as the club’s latest manager. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "We've been in contact via WhatsApp and hopefully we will have the opportunity to meet and speak in person, either at the weekend or Monday morning at the latest,” he said. "I'm looking forward to speaking to him in person and getting to know him in person." And he added: "We spoke about that [his consultancy role] in detail. “About all the different areas where I could maybe be of help. “It's not that easy or not that difficult to know in which areas this could be. "I think we showed that in the last 15 years with Hoffenheim, Salzburg and Leipzig, even for clubs not as prominent as Manchester United, it's possible to identify, develop and even at one stage sell. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “I know Manchester United is not a selling club but rather a developing and buying club, but this is possible and this is what is most important, that the club finds players for whom it is the next next logical step in their career, to develop their sporting career. "If that happens, I can be positive and I can hopefully be encouraging for our fans that we will bring United back to the top." Rangnick’s tone suggested he’d be happy to stay on at United. And it’s worth bearing in mind that those comments were also made after it was confirmed he’d become the new manager of the Austria national team. So how has it got to this? One theory to put out there is that Ten Hag has been involved. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He was blunt when quizzed about Rangnick during the week, saying ‘that is on the club’ when asked about the 63-year-old being a constant. It was hardly a green light to work with the former Schalke, Hoffenheim and RB Leipzig boss. And with United eager to please Ten Hag, and give him every possible chance to be successful, it’s possible that was a factor in Rangnick’s departure. Another potential reason for the exit of the German could be because of his forthright personality. On multiple occasions, Rangnick made it clear that he didn’t feel the current United squad was fit for purpose. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He even went as far as saying that, after their 4-0 defeat to Liverpool last month, they need as many as 10 fresh faces. Those comments didn’t sit well with United chiefs, nor the players at Rangnick’s disposal. And United could have cut ties with him due to the fact that, as well as failing as a manager, he triggered too much division behind the scenes. For now, that’s just speculation. But it’ll be fascinating to see what reasons for Ten Hag’s exit, besides the one the club have given, emerge in the coming days.