Lawns can often get damaged throughout the winter months, leaving you with maintenance to keep up with when the summer comes out. Overseeding your grass, also known as reseeding, will repair damaged areas, giving you the luscious green grass you’ve always dreamed of and, ultimately, bring your lawn back to life. To get the best results from overseeing, you should be aiming for when temperatures are mild yet still bring plenty of rainy days – an ideal time is spring or autumn. David Truby, Managing Director of Greensleeves, has shared his advice on common myths associated with lawn care so gardeners can grow a brilliant green lawn for summer. Many gardeners believe that “overseeding” is bad for lawns, however this is far from the case. The lawn specialist said: “When you hear the phrase ‘overseeding’, it is understandable that you may associate the word with something negative. “However, overseeding is actually a natural way to thicken your lawn and crowd out undesirable weeds. “It is one of the most critical tasks involved in growing a healthy, lush lawn. READ MORE: Lawn care: How to improve the appearance of grass - ‘inexpensive’ “Lawns that have not been overseeded will grow thin and unhealthy, making it much easier for weeds to overtake the lawn.” The most common reason to carry out overseeding is to repair visible damage such as bare patches of earth caused by wildlife, mower damage or wear. Overseeding is also an important component of annual lawn care as it increases the lawn’s resistance to disease and reduces moss growth, according to David. He added: “Lawns that are regularly reseeded become progressively thicker and more luscious. “Many varieties of grass reproduce at a slower rate after several years. “By adding new grass plants to the turf, overseeding increases your lawn’s virility.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle [INSIGHT]Laundry tips: How to soften hard towels using kitchen staple [TIPS]‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [EXPERT] Perhaps the most common misconception about mowing your lawn is that cutting the grass short means that you can leave it for longer – or don’t need to cut it so often. But what gardeners might not realise is that cutting it too short is “damaging”. The expert explained: “The problem is that this kind of mowing puts an enormous amount of stress on the turf. “Each blade of grass is a leaf, and with less leaf area, each grass plant has less surface area to provide the photosynthesis that fuels leaf and root development. “The solution is straightforward. Mow the lawn as high as possible—as high as you can comfortably tolerate. Most homeowners find that two to two-and-a-half inches is a good height, though it may take some time to become acclimated to a length that feels slightly shaggy. “Mowing the lawn to this height once a week (or less during heat and drought stress) will ease the pressure on the plants and result in an overall healthier lawn.” Another misconception about lawns is that there is no prime time to water it. While watering your grass may sound simple, it is easier said than done. However, the way you do it (especially during a drought) can have a “considerable impact” on the health of your lawn, says David. He continued: “In fact, watering your lawn in the early morning is the most valuable time for your garden. “This allows the grass to absorb the required amount of water and enables the sun to cause the excess to evaporate. “Watering at midday when the sun is at its hottest will cause water to evaporate quickly, without reaching the grassroots. “Also, when you water your lawn in the evening, you stimulate fungal development, which can damage your grass.” Gardeners should also be aware that treating moss is not a “one-time thing”. In the UK, there are over 600 species of moss, all of which are highly resilient, adaptable and non-flowering. If left untreated, this moss will spread over your lawn, diminishing the grass growth and eventually suffocating the grass entirely. David said: “Many people think just one treatment can help solve this issue. This is a myth. A neglected lawn can lead to moss invasion. “Regular maintenance practices such as scarifying and aeration can prevent moss and ensure your lawn remains strong, healthy, and maintains a lush and green appearance. “Because moss is a highly adaptable, resilient plant that flourishes in areas of shade, moisture and poor turf quality, it is essential to identify what is causing it to thrive and reduce the likelihood of it returning.”