Sara Davies, who is best known for appearing on BBC's Dragons' Den, is an entrepreneur and television personality. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant has earned an MBE and is a self-made woman. The 38-year-old founded her craft supplier company, Crafter's Companion, in 2005 while studying for a business degree at York University. Sara, who is a mum to her sons Oliver, six, and Charlie, three with her husband Simon, said she would be "inclined not to" give her fortune away to her children if they were "banking" on the cash. In a candid new interview, the BBC favourite plans to keep her family as humble as possible. The TV star - who owns craft shop Crafter's Companion - is said to be worth a huge £35million. READ MORE: Andrea McLean 'needed a salary' amid ITV exit - 'Wasn't making money' Speaking about her fortune, Sara said she told her parents she didn't want any money from them and urged them not to leave her with an inheritance. "I have sat down with both sets of parents and said, 'I really want you guys to not be working to have any inheritance for us," she said. The Dragons' Den star credited her mum and dad for instilling her with the right values and suggested they enjoy their own money on themselves and "extravagant holidays". She continued: "That is me telling the generation up, and I would like to think I will bring my kids up to want to say the same thing to me. It would be a real measure of success if the kids grew up with that attitude.  "If my kids had a different attitude where they were banking on that inheritance, then I would be inclined to not want to give it." The entrepreneur and proud mum admitted it is hard to strike a balance between wanting to give her children everything but at the same time not wanting them to become spoilt. The BBC star added to The Sun she would not like her children "growing up with a silver spoon in their mouth". While Sara does like to enjoy the occasional first-class trip or luxury holiday she admitted it is not something the family does all of the time. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean 'needed a salary' amid ITV exit - 'Wasn't making money'[LATEST]Only Fools And Horses’ Patrick Murray ‘cured’ of lung cancer[HEALTH]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE] She added the family often goes on camping and caravanning holidays. Crafter's Companion is now a leading company internationally - shipping to over 40 countries worldwide including to Asia, South Africa, North and South America, Europe and Australia. Sara's company now employs over 200 people across the globe. The businesswoman has been awarded for her contributions to the industry, having received as many as 25 business accolades so far as well as an MBE for services to the economy in 2016. She previously admitted she gets fed up talking about her net worth and her fortune, adding there is "so much more to me". In a recent interview, Sara said: "I feel like I've contributed more to the world than the money that I've made. "It's the employment I've created, the difference that I've made." Sara added: "When I got my MBE it was for creating employment services for the country and it felt like such a massive achievement to me. Not how much money I've made."