Richard Stewart, 64, was handed a £100 fine after he waited in a queue to charge his Jaguar I-PACE. The pest control company boss waited for almost an hour to charge his vehicle as all the available chargers were occupied by fellow motorists. Mr Stewart told The Sun that he chose to wait because he was picking up his wife, who is a key worker, from a nearby hospital after she supervised a specialist clinic. After returning from a coffee break, which lasted for 50 minutes due to the unavailability of chargers, the 64-year-old finally plugged his car in. It then took him 70 minutes to charge his motor before driving off to collect his wife. Unfortunately for Mr Stewart, he was in for a nasty surprise a few days later. READ MORE: Elderly drivers should take 'eyesight tests' to stay on the road The Jaguar driver received a parking fine for breaking the two-hour stay limit at the service station. Mr Stewart’s charging ordeal took him 20 minutes over the allowed stay. A photograph of the fine obtained by The Sun showed that the 64-year-old arrived at the service station at 11.44am and left at 14.06pm. Mr Stewart said that there were several other cars waiting to use the chargers after him. DON'T MISS Only 5 percent of buyers would now consider a diesel car [REVEAL] Lorry drivers trapped in post-Brexit queues beg for help [SHOCKING] British car production plummets AGAIN: drops 11 percent [INSIGHT] He said: "They want everyone to go electric and then you get penalised. “I've tried to do the right thing but even that isn't good enough, it seems. "It takes around 70 minutes to charge and some cars take longer than that I think. “If you get there just as someone else is plugging in and wait you are there for more than two hours. "It did not even occur to me to time myself and basically this is a penalty on all EV drivers that need to recharge their cars. "If EVs are going to become more necessary, then why should we be charged twice to recharge them? “Someone like the transport minister needs to address this issue. "I have since learned that quite a few people have been caught like this at service stations and been fined. "Big cars also take a long time to charge which they haven't taken into account,” he told The Sun. Mr Stewart decided to appeal the fine. In the end, the EV owner was successful after the company responsible for the parking, Moto, backed down. A Moto spokesperson said: “We apologise to the customer for the inconvenience caused and are reviewing our internal processes. “We have ensured that their fine has now been cancelled.” Mr Stewart’s charging stop was absolutely necessary after he travelled nearly 80 miles from Beenham, Berks to Sussex to drop his wife off. However, the Jaguar owner said that he does not regret buying the car because of fuel price increases. He added that the Government needs to do much more in order to accommodate electric vehicles.