Prince Charles, Camilla and Princess Anne all attended today's Buckingham Palace garden party. This is because the Queen announced she was unable to attend this year's parties. Camilla looked effortlessly regal in a baby-blue knee-length dress coat.  The dress featured white lace in a floral pattern along the lapel of the dress coat as well as on the wrist detailing. She wore a matching blue hat which perfectly matched the Duchess' baby blue umbrella to protect her against the rain. Camilla accessorised with a pair of pearl earrings and an oval-shaped pendant necklace. For today's occasion, the Duchess wore her turquoise shamrock brooch.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton body language is different as she 'suppresses smile'  The brooch features smooth Persian turquoises set in the centre of each of the three leaves of a diamond shamrock. A larger diamond sits where the leaves are joined, and another tiny diamond springs from the stem of the brooch. The brooch is rumoured to be the diamond and turquoise brooch listed among the Queen’s wedding gifts in 1947. This particular brooch was reportedly a gift from the Dowager Duchess of Portland, and Camilla wore this brooch to her funeral in 2014.  However, no official comment has been made on the provenance of the shamrock brooch worn by Camilla. Princess Anne wore a contrasting colour to Camilla in the form of Venetian red. The Grace style coat from Shibumi retails for £375. The Princess Royal previously wore the colourful coat at the Newmarket racecourse in July 2021.  Anne paired the coat with a matching scarf and plain black pump shoes. She also wore a green hat and accessorised with a matching green umbrella. @bykriiistiiieee said: "Yay I'm so happy to see them! "They all look so gorgeous despite the beautiful English spring weather.  "I'm sure Camilla's smile will brighten up everything within the wink of an eye." Another fan, @camilla17071947 added: "Yay what a treat. "It's Charles and Camilla day! "That's a beautiful blue colour the Duchess of Cornwall is wearing. "Rain won't stop them. Keep that smile on, Cam!"