NCIS season 19 is almost over with just a couple more episodes left to air before it comes to an end. There's been plenty of upheaval in terms of casting with fans having to say goodbye to various well-liked characters, big and small. One of which was former news presenter Kent Shocknek who was first introduced in season one. Kent Shockneck was best known for working as a news anchor on both KNBC and KCBS. He decided to leave the career behind after 31 years in 2014 and has since focused his attention on the entertainment industry. Shockneck has starred in various shows and films including Intelligence, Legends, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Madam Secretary and Bosch. One of his ongoing roles was in none other than NCIS where, much like many of his other parts, portrayed a news presenter. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Shocknek's character Guy Ross was first welcomed on the CBS police procedural in season one, episode 13 called One Shot, One Kill. From then on, Shocknek continued to appear in NCIS from time to time, making cameo appearances as the news-hungry broadcaster. His latest cameo was in season 16's Toil and Trouble back in 2019 and sadly, he has not been seen since. But this may not mean that Shocknek won't return for future episodes. The 65-year-old TV personality has never stated that he has closed the door for good on NCIS. He wasn't a series regular in the first place either, simply showing up from time to time for certain episodes. So there could be a chance that he will make a comeback to the franchise at some point. For now at least, it seems that Shocknek is busy with a plethora of other projects. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]NCIS Hawaii: Jane Tennant arrested in devastating finale [EXPLAINER]NCIS exit: Why did Gerald Jackson actor Pancho Demmings leave NCIS? [EXIT] Since his time on NCIS, the former broadcaster has been in Bosch, Shrill, Mona Lisa and the Blood Moon, Sherman's Showcase, Tommy and Bull. According to his IMDb page, Shocknek will be starring in a new mystery movie entitled Raveland. Due to be released in 2023, the synopsis for the film reads: "A group of teenagers on a supernatural island embark on a deathly quest to find the last heir, against ominous forces haunting to destroy them and everyone they've ever known or loved." Shocknek is down to play Jacobed's father with further details of his character still under wraps. NCIS season 19's penultimate episode will be airing on Monday, May 16, on CBS. Called All or Nothing, the description reads: “NCIS investigates the unexpected death of a Navy reservist who was an investigative journalist. "Also, Knight and Jimmy’s budding romance is put on hold when a vital organ transfer goes fatally wrong,” NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.