An exclusive poll for Express.co.uk, conducted by Techne UK between May 25 and May 26, asked UK voters: "What type of head of state would you prefer for the UK after the Queen's reign comes to an end?" Of the 1,624 people polled, a total of 56 percent said they would want a constitutional monarchy going forward. The most popular alternative was an elected president, which saw 23 percent support, while just 5 percent of voters backed an appointed president. A further 16 percent said they did not know what type of head of state they would want. There was a marked difference in support for the monarchy between different age groups, with those over the age of 64 being the most supportive. Of this group, 74 percent supported the continuation of a constitutional monarchy. Those aged 18 to 34 were much less supportive of the concept, with less than half (41 percent) backing it. However, this group were divided over what they would introduce in its place, with 30 percent supporting an elected president, 7 percent supporting an appointed president and 22 percent saying they don't know. Another, less pronounced, dividing line was political allegiance. Of those who voted for the Conservative party in the 2019 election, 67 percent threw their weight behind the continuation of the monarchy. Of those who voted for the Labour party, 55 percent supported its continuation. READ MORE: Republicans slammed for 'disgraceful' anti-Queen posters Meanwhile, the monarchy saw 53 percent support amongst Lib Dems voters and 52 percent amongst Green party voters. There has been a growing conversation about the future of the monarchy as the country gears up to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee next week. Writing on Twitter, one user Bella Wallersteiner (@BellaWallerstei) threw her weight behind the monarchy, saying: "Some are arguing we shouldn’t celebrate the Jubilee during a cost of living crisis. "The monarchy's annual contribution to economy is £1.8bn. DON'T MISS: Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REPORT] Royal Family urged to use Princess Beatrice at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Prince William to carry out major honour for Queen's Jubilee [REVEAL] "What’s more, the Sovereign acts as a focus for national identity and pride; provides stability and continuity. "All important during crisis." Hollie (@HollieTheCard) agreed, writing: "Not only most of Britain treasures our wonderful Queen & Monarchy, the world envies us for our pomp & pageantry too. "Americans can only DREAM of having something similar, & the reason they travel to the little island in their droves." However, other users were not convinced. Mollie Poppin (@MolliePoppin247) wrote on Twitter: "I’m sick of turning on the news for them to tell us to have street parties to celebrate the Royal Jubilee. "We’re all skint. Tax has risen to the highest point in 70 years for god's sake. "Abolish the monarchy. Waste of money on pointless pageantry." Meanwhile, Tom London (@TomLondon6) wrote: "After the Queen dies, there should be a national debate and, if appropriate, a referendum to decide if the country wants the monarchy to continue".