Monaco Grand Prix staff have confiscated metal water bottles for this weekend’s Grand Prix which could infuriate Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel. Yellow Events Ltd, who works in providing technical services for events said they had their metal bottles confiscated by officials last week. They tweeted: “Just had my metal reusable water bottle taken off me at the gate. Would have been allowed in if it was plastic? “100s of metal reusables now just sat piling up at the gate. Not great for your green credentials?" Members of the media have also been shocked by the latest decision with images circulating of the small reusable cups on offer. In one image they are seen to be half the size of a common dictaphone or around 6cm in height. Reports suggest the rule is not an F1 decision but one made by the Monaco organisers themselves. READ MORE: Lando Norris 'sleeps eight hours across four days' ahead of Monaco GP However, Formula 1 seems to have thrown its support behind the initiative in the run-up to the race. Earlier this week, F1 revealed Monaco officials had decided to embark on a range of sustainability initiatives for this year’s race including a ‘zero plastic waste free by 2030’ drive. This means vendors are encouraged to use reusable cups and stalls will not be able to use plastic cutlery. Posting on Twitter, F1 said: “Formula 1 aims to be Net-Zero Carbon by 2030 from factory to flag. “Together with key stakeholders, including promoters, we are working to leave a legacy of positive change wherever we race.” Hamilton has previously called for F1 to be more sustainable and cut its carbon footprint. DON'T MISSF2 star in big crash at Monaco Grand Prix showing dangers  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tetchy when quizzed on Toto Wolff comments [ANALYSIS]George Russell fears Lewis Hamilton will 'unleash anger' [COMMENT] The seven-time champion has previously threatened to quit the sport to focus on his environmental work and has pledged to hold F1 bosses ‘more accountable’. He added: “I don't allow anyone in my office, but also within my household, to buy any plastics. I want everything recycle-able down to deodorant, down to toothbrush, all these kind of things." Aston Martin star Sebastian Vettel also raised climate concerns in his appearance on Question Time earlier this month. The four-time champion said: “It is my passion to drive a car and I love it, and every time I step in a car I love it, but when I get out of the car I am thinking: ‘is this something we should do, travelling the world and wasting resources?'"