An NHS worker has been hit with 10 separate parking fines as hospital staff claim that they are being targeted in a bid to "claw back money lost" during the pandemic. Staff have said they have seen more parking tickets given out than normal at hospitals in Hull and have argued that many were wrongly given out, reported Hull Live. The £30 fines are being issued on staff vehicles parked in the main visitor car park - where workers say they are often forced to park due to a lack of available spaces. One staff member at Hull Royal Infirmary said she'd been handed 10 tickets in recent months – one of which cost her a staggering £200 when she tried to appeal it. Hull University Teaching Hospitals (HUTH) Trust employees have had paid parking halted during the pandemic and it will be reinstated in July. READ MORE: Shocked driver finds secret second use for car grab handle Staff said that many felt wardens were being over-zealous in an attempt to increase revenue lost during that time. One surgery nurse told how she'd been ticketed twice in three months, one of which was on a day she was visiting with her son as a patient. Lynsey Robinson, who has worked for the NHS for over 20 years, said: “The first time I had one, I just ignored it. "But I came out to a second ticket recently and I was fuming – I was taking my son who's 14 to an appointment and the barriers were up, so it was free for visitors." DON'T MISSElderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [SHOCKING]Drivers slam 'nonsense' air con driving rule that can land £1,000 fine [INSIGHT]Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine [WARNING] Ms Robinson added: "I'd have happily paid to park if I'd physically been able to. I tried to explain I was there with a patient and not for work, but they weren't interested. "It makes you feel really unappreciated and I think it’s really unacceptable to treat us like this. “That £30 fine is about a third of someone’s weekly food shop – and we don’t get paid a huge amount for what we do as it is." She said she would be fighting her most recent fine but wasn’t confident of it being overturned. Another employee who has been hit with ten fines for parking recently said the issue was affecting staff morale. They said: "I find it sickening, to be honest. "I usually go to work 90 minutes early so I can get a spot [in the staff car park] to avoid a fine." "I’ve got children at school, I’m a single mum working on Covid wards – why am I at work worrying about having to get back to my car? HUTH NHS Trust said that fines were only issued to those parked illegally, hazardously or if they have not displayed a valid ticket. A hospital spokeswoman told HullLive: "In 2020 the Department of Health and Social Care determined that NHS staff should not pay for parking on NHS sites during the Covid pandemic. “This year the Department reversed that decision and withdrew the funding to support free parking leading many Trusts to reintroduce charges from 1st April 2022. "At HUTH we will be reintroducing car parking charges for staff from 1st July, 2022. “This has not been an easy decision to take but we have to meet the costs of providing car parking through charges otherwise we will have to divert funding away from patient services.”