Many workers can expect to earn more money working in certain supermarkets, courier positions and for train companies than working for the Queen - despite the monarch having "an endless amount of money". Breakroom's data shows that Royal Mail pays its workers 38 percent more than a royal housekeeping assistant role - which has an advertised pay of £7.97. Amazon, Aldi and the NHS also pay their workers at least 28 percent more than the Palace. Meanwhile, working an eight-hour shift at Aldi will reportedly leave workers £21 better off than if they worked for the 96-year-old monarch. The figures show that Network Rail pay their workers an average of £19.62 per hour - £11.65 more than the Queen pays her housekeepers.  Despite higher pay than those working for the firm, the Network Rail workers, along with 15 other train operators, recently voted in favour of strike action over pay - threatening industrial actions from its employers. In 2015, a royal insider signalled that the Palace would start paying staff a living wage. However, a recent review of advertised pay rates for 503 jobs in the Palace shows that a large chunk of workers are still getting the bare minimum. Royal author Norman Baker said: "The Queen pays in a very tight-fisted way. "It's been apparent to me for some time that when [job] adverts come up that they are not advertised at a generous salary.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry caught up in bid to prevent Prince Andrew 'anger' "It's just shocking that one of the richest people in the world pays some of the lowest wages." The royal household's staffing practices are exempt from the UK Freedom of Information Act requests. But the information is based on available public records such as job advertisements and official announcements. Graham Smith, a spokesperson for Republic - a group that campaigns to end the monarchy, said: "They have a huge amount of money, an endless amount of money, really.  DON'T MISS: Kate branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors' [INSIGHT]Beatrice Borromeo 'impeccable' in chic red dress for Monaco Grand Prix [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice and Sophie Wessex step out in the same dress [PICTURES] "They are quite capable of leading in terms of paying people a living wage at the very least and make sure that people are well-paid for what they do." Most of the monarch's official business is funded by the taxpayer, with a total grant worth £85.9million at the end of the fiscal year in 2021 - that is used for palace repairs, royal travel and staffing just for the Queen. A recent study by property experts McCarthy Stone also revealed that the Queen's property portfolio is worth around £3.7billion, with Buckingham Palace heralded as the priciest royal residence. Data from the study also detailed that it would take 7,933 years for a worker on the average wage in the UK to be able to afford to buy the luxurious property. 