Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk that Prince Harry presented himself like a "superhero" that was going to "save the world". This came after Harry and Meghan appeared in the Netherlands at the Invictus Games. She suggested the couple were very aware of the cameras on them, as they were being filmed for their upcoming Netflix documentary, Heart of Invictus. Speaking about their appearance at the Games, Ms James said: "We're seeing in close up photographs like [Harry and Meghan] kissing on stage, there was a scene where Harry was hugging two small children, giving them a big pep talk about how he was going to save the world like a superhero. "We have to remember that very close to them while they were doing that was a camera, not just cameras but the Netflix cameras." She added: "There is perhaps an awareness that that is going on at the same time." During the opening ceremony, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex shared a kiss while Meghan passed the microphone to her husband. Introducing the Duke of Sussex at the ceremony, Meghan said she "could not love and respect him more". Prince Harry responded: "Thank you my love." Ms James previously has previously said that Prince Harry's body language at the 2022 games "signals how important the support of his wife and family still are to him." Speaking to the MailOnline, the expert said: "Harry’s facial expression says it all here. READ MORE: Sussexes warned 'celebrity burden' can't be changed to 'private life' "His emphatic eye-crinkling and his head tilt as he smiles suggests a return to the cause and the people that he loves, while his hand-cupped self clasp hints at a small amount of trepidation and humility during this first public appearance for a while. "Harry also fiddles with his wedding ring here, which seems to signal how important the support of his wife and family still are to him. "This is a partial-barrier and partial self-comfort gesture that shows the ongoing bonds between himself and his wife Meghan. "His hand is on top of her in the clasp, hinting at a similar desire to lead and protect as we saw during their first public appearance many years before." DON'T MISS: Netflix continue to wield axe after scrapping Meghan Markle's project [REPORT] Yuri Gagarin 'put hand on Queen's THIGH while preaching on communism' [REVEAL] 'Dangerous content' Harry issues warning for Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT] She added: "Meghan’s hand is cupped upward in a gesture of submission and the way Harry has his other hand stuffed into his trouser pocket suggests a desire to look casual and confident." The couple made their first-ever public appearance together at the Toronto Invictus Games in 2017. Speaking about the event, Prince Harry said: "The Toronto Games were our first time out and about publicly in an official way. "We were dating at the time, so it was a lot to take in, but fortunately, we were with the perfect community for that." He added: "Now, five years later, here we are in The Hague at the fifth Invictus Games, as parents of two, and living in the US. "I had always wanted to share these incredible moments with someone special, and to have Meg by my side means everything."