British Airways also had several cancellations over the weekend – with most of the impacted flights departing from Heathrow. And easyJet announced it will cancel more than 200 flights over the next 10 days. They said its cancellations would affect about 24 flights per day from London’s Gatwick airport between May 28 and June 6. Meanwhile, there have also been lengthy queues at other airports across the UK including Manchester, Stansted and Bristol, as well as Gatwick.  Holiday company TUI has apologised to angry customers who said their flights have been cancelled “with no information on what’s happening”. A TUI spokesperson, said: “The half-term holidays are always an incredibly busy period with many customers looking to get away. “Unfortunately, due to various operational and supply chain issues a small number of flights have been delayed or cancelled. “We’d like to reassure customers that we are doing everything we can to minimise delays and will be in direct communication should their holiday be impacted. “We’d like to thank customers for their patience and understanding during this time.” According to reports, hundreds of TUI passengers at Manchester Airport today waited for eight gruelling hours, before receiving a text from the holiday giant that their trips were cancelled. The nightmare started for passengers in Manchester today when they endured a four-hour wait to get through check-in and security and then another four-hour delay while “waiting for a pilot”. Over the weekend, furious customers took to Twitter to share their anger and disappointment with the airline. One Twitter user said: “Absolutely disgraceful, in the airport a total of 14 hours with no communication whatsoever then be shipped off to a hotel and told our flights are cancelled miles away from our car.” Another tweeted on Saturday: “Due to fly to Dalaman with TUI from Glasgow today at 17.55, flight cancelled with absolutely no info on what’s happening, in a hotel in Renfrew now… the lack of communication from TUI is horrific, never ever book with TUI, absolute shambles.” The move from the airlines is sure to cause havoc for holidaymakers hoping to get away for the half-term break. Gatwick is set to be badly impacted by the easyJet cancellations. According to the website Flight Aware, at least 15 flights were cancelled today. A further 10 easyJet flights from Gatwick have been cancelled on Monday, with more cancellations expected. EasyJet said the cancellations over half-term were “necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period”. And earlier this week, travel expert Simon Calder said that easyJet “is in a right old mess because it hasn’t got enough staff for the flights it needs to operate this summer.” An easyJet spokesperson, said: “Over the next week we will be operating around 1,700 flights per day, with around a quarter of these operating to and from Gatwick. “We have taken the decision to make advance cancellations of around 24 Gatwick flights per day between 28 May until 6 June. “We are very sorry for the late notice of some of these cancellations and inconvenience caused for customers booked on these flights however we believe this is necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period. “Customers have been informed in advance and provided with the option to rebook their flight or receive a refund and can apply for compensation in line with regulations.” Passengers are reminded that if a flight is cancelled, an airline is required to provide an alternative departure on the same day if one is available – even if it means buying a ticket on a rival carrier. Travellers are also entitled to compensation of £220 or £350 depending on the length of the flight.