Despite Moscow officials repeatedly denying the swirling rumours of Putin’s ill health, the Russian leader, who’s pushing 70, remains under speculation because of footage showing he might be critically unwell. Most recently, it’s been claimed but not confirmed the president did not attend engagements in May as he was recovering from “cancer surgery”. What is leading people to believe Putin is seriously ill? Footage of the president over the past few months, paired with his behaviour towards diplomats and politicians, has caused everyone from physicians to body language experts to conduct analyses on Putin’s physical and mental state. Concerns have only increased as the seemly ill-thought-out invasion of Ukraine has continued, as Putin’s plan to take over Kyiv “in days” has stretched over two months, a faltering plan that would be particularly out of character for a man once considered a “master strategist”. However, the Kremlin continues to deny speculation the Russian president is ill. In an interview with French TV, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said: “I don't think that sane people can see in this person signs of some kind of illness or ailment. After saying the president makes public appearances “every day”, Mr Lavrov said: “You can watch him on screens, read and listen to his speeches." READ MORE: Putin 'could already be DEAD with body double taking his place'   "I leave it to the conscience of those who spread such rumours.” Although speculation remains consistent as several military intelligence officials have been stoking the fire. Ukraine's military intelligence chief, Major General Kyrylo Budanov told Sky News the president had cancer and a coup to supplant the Russian leader was in motion. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, chimed in with a tweet in late February saying: "I wish I could share more, but for now I can say it's pretty obvious to many that something is off with Putin.” Physical appearance Putin’s physical appearance bears a particular influence on the public theorising about his supposed ill-health.  The president has appeared to be looking more bloated around the face and neck recently. Fiona Hill, the former senior White House expert on Russia, told Politico: "He’s been rather puffy-faced. We know that he has complained about having back issues. “Even if it’s not something worse than that, it could be that he’s taking high doses of steroids, or there may be something else. “There seems to be an urgency for this [invasion] that may be also driven by personal factors.” The Daily Star quoted an "ex-military intelligence officer now working at the Pentagon" as saying they think Putin is living in pain. They say this may be due to cancer - with his face being a sign he is taking chemotherapy drugs or steroids.  DON'T MISS: Ailing Putin's bid to install DAUGHTER into power after death [INSIGHT]Putin health latest: New pictures show despot looking pale [PICTURES]Putin's longshot at winning against Ukraine - How Russia hopes to win [ANALYSIS]    The source said: “In the past, we have seen him smile, but in 2022 there are few pictures of him looking happy. “His look suggests he is in pain and our people suggest his angry look is most likely a result of him being in agony. “Our people are confident he is ill – he is concerned about Covid as he keeps his staff at a distance.” Footage of the president experiencing uncontrollable hand tremors, walking unsteadily, and wheezing his way through speeches has peppered further indicators he may be suffering from a disease like Parkinson’s or dementia. Long tables and blankets Putin has recently been seen holding meetings with foreign leaders and officials at a particularly long table.  Shortly before the invasion was announced, the president sat French President Emmanuel Macron 13ft away from him at the far end of the table. Some have suggested the reason is Putin is immunocompromised and could be at substantial risk if he were to catch Covid or another illness. The president was noted to have been particularly cautious during the Covid outbreak, having special disinfectant tunnels manufactured for his official residence. Those wanting to meet with the president had to be sprayed down before entering, undergo a two-week quarantine, as well as present a negative Covid test. The Russian leader was photographed bundled up in a blanket during the Victory Day Parade in Moscow. Temperatures in the Russian capital were said to have reached highs of 9C that morning and while the president did not use a blanket thought-out the parade, few of his colleagues were seen using one. 