Nine out of 10 shoppers said costs had risen in the past month, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics, published in April. To help cut costs, Tesco customers can use the supermarket's Clubcard which offers points and vouchers, and can take money off the weekly food shop. Clubcard holders benefit from exclusive deals online as well as in store, with the store stating that people can save up to £40 each month on their shop. Among its current Clubcard price offers, the grocer is currently offering money off Robinson’s squash, Magnum ice cream, Pilgrims cheddar and McVities chocolate digestives to name a few. But how does the Clubcard scheme work? Here’s everything you need to know. People need to be 18 or over to become a Tesco Clubcard member and get Clubcard prices. READ MORE: PIP claim: 19 conditions that could mean you're eligible for over £8,000 a year Britons can collect points buying online and in-store, on groceries or clothes (F&F), Tesco fuel, Tesco bank credit cards and Tesco mobile. People can download the Tesco Grocery & Clubcard app to collect points, check their balance and spend vouchers straight from their phone. Alternatively people can use the contactless card Tesco Clubcard and tap at the checkout or pop in their number when they shop online. They will then add the points automatically to someone’s account. The supermarket then turn the points into vouchers to help people save on their weekly groceries, fun days out and much more. 150 points gets people a £1.50 voucher. Vouchers can be spent on Tesco groceries, fuel, or boosted with the supermarket’s reward partners. People can exchange their vouchers to use on days out, eating out and more. Tesco reward partner include Disney+, FitBit, Alton Towers Resort and much more. A full list can be found on their website. Clubcard vouchers are worth up to three time more with their Reward Partners. For example members can turn every 50 pence in vouchers into £1.50 to use with Golden Tours - London Open Top Bus Tours for Jubilee weekend. People can boost their points by supporting Tesco’s reward partners such as The Recycling Factory. Reward members can recycle their empty ink cartridges and collect up to 125 Clubcard points. This helps the environment and also helps people save money. Earners can also chose to donate their points, up to £1.25 to a registered charity. More information can be found on their website. Britons can power up their Clubcard to Clubcard Plus and save up to £40 every month People can subscribe to Clubcard Plus and get 10 percent off their groceries in-store, twice a month, as well as 10 percent off F&F all the time. This costs £7.99 a month. The retailer said last month that £17million worth of vouchers are sitting in customer accounts. Customers have until the end of May to use the vouchers. After this point they will become invalid. Alessandra Bellini, Tesco chief customer officer, said in April: “We know it’s tough right now, which is why we want to show customers all the ways we can help them spend less, and leave them with more money in their pockets – to manage the rising cost of living, or to treat themselves and their loved ones.”