Sergio Aguero read out Lionel Messi's expletive response to Real Madrid's epic fightback against Manchester City to reach the Champions League final live on stream on Wednesday night. The City legend was streaming live throughout the second leg on ESPN STAR+ with Carlos Tevez brought in as a special guest. And Aguero's mood would have certainly picked up when Riyad Mahrez scored in the 73rd minute to give City a two-goal advantage. But the tie was turned on its head in stoppage time with Rodrygo scoring twice in as many minutes to force extra time. Karim Benzema was then brought down by Ruben Dias inside the box early in extra time with the Frenchman scoring past Ederson to give Real the lead. Aguero's mood on stream quickly changed with Real booking their place in the Champions League final in dramatic circumstances. The former Argentina international cut a dejected figure as he conversed with Teves and then shared a text message he received from Barcelona icon and current Paris Saint-Germain star Messi. JUST IN: Guardiola equals Mourinho record after Man City Champions League loss  After Benzema's goal, Aguero read out a text from Messi which read: "Stop f***ing, idiot, it can't be." Tevez then responded with: "He's crazy". Aguero came close to winning the first Champions League trophy of his career with City last season, only for Chelsea to pip them to the post in the final. That proved to be his last game for City before signing for Barcelona just a few days later. DON'T MISS  But the 33-year-old was forced to retire from football midway through the season after initially suffering from chest discomfort during a game against Alaves in October. In December, City's record goalscorer made the announcement that he would be retiring from football due to the heart condition diagnosis. He said: "It is a very difficult moment. The decision I have made I have taken for my health, that is the main reason, because of the problem that I had a month-and-a-half ago. "I was in good hands of the medical staff who have done their best and have told me the best thing would be to stop playing. "So I made that decision about a week ago and I want to tell everyone I did everything possible to have hope, but there wasn't very much." Aguero is now a regular Twitch streamer with nearly four million followers and also owns his own E-Sports team.