Liverpool have been handed hope of an 11th-hour heist of Paris Saint-Germain superstar Kylian Mbappe as Real Madrid's bid to sign him on a free transfer hits a troublesome snag. Real are hoping to pull off one of the biggest transfer coups in football history this summer as Mbappe edges closer to his contract's expiry in Paris. In his weekly newsletter, the Independent's Miguel Delaney notes that Mbappe's future hangs 'in the balance' and nothing is 'signed or settled' with PSG or Real. However, the La Liga champions could shoot themselves in the foot if they don't budge on one of their most traditional negotiation tactics. The report claims Real insist on 50 per cent of a player's media rights in every contract they negotiate at the Bernabeu. But Mbappe's representatives are unwilling to surrender that much, and those close to the situation believe Los Blancos may have made a mistake in making the demand. Delaney adds that it could be an issue that results in the 23-year-old committing his future to PSG, who are 'throwing absolutely everything' at him to sign a new deal. But it could also open the door for other suitors across Europe, including the potential champions of Europe elect, Liverpool. JUST IN: Newcastle facing backlash as 'leaked kit' resembles Saudi Arabia shirt French outlet L'Equipe have previously claimed that other suitors may have entered the race for Mbappe's signature after he revealed there were 'new elements' to consider. The report namedropped Liverpool and Manchester City as two of them, but the latter recently agreed a deal to sign Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland on July 1. And while a deal for Mbappe is understood to be out of Liverpool's 'financial reach', they are said to have the power to materialise a 'bold package' to lure him to Anfield. Real's image rights hurdle could thwart their long-standing hopes of acquiring his services, with the Reds potentially waiting in the wings. READ MORE: Arsenal warned they have problem after Spurs loss due to three stars However, while the Spanish giants' stumbling block could give other suitors hope, it's unlikely Liverpool will make a play. Jurgen Klopp splashed a chunk of his summer budget on Luis Diaz in the January transfer window, adding to his already-stellar attacking lineup. Sadio Mane continues to be linked with a potential exit, though, while uncertainty surrounds Mohamed Salah's contract situation at Anfield. If one of Klopp's mainstays departs at the end of the season, it could prompt the Reds to hijack Real's dream deal. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here