On Thursday, May 24, the BBC posted an article titled ‘Man spotted defecating on sofa in Manchester furniture store’, before swiftly deleting the article and accompanying tweet a few hours later. Posting the screenshot online, media editor at The Guardian Jim Waterson said: “Well that BBC editorial meeting must have been fun.”  In another screenshot, someone revealed a line in the original article, which read: “Ms Quinn said she had ‘prayed it was chocolate spread’, adding ‘I was mortified. It was the biggest human poo I think I have ever seen'.” The article continued: “I will not be touching chocolate spread for a long time.” Further down in the article, another worker at the furniture store in question said: “It was on our new easy clean range, so really, he couldn’t have picked a better sofa to do it on.” The BBC is now being mocked online for the removal of the article, with one user commenting: “I would be the person in that meeting pounding my fist on the table and shouting the people have a right to know!” READ MORE: Putin’s fury as Russia does NOT have weapons that can wipe out UK  Another said: “I missed the initial article, saw that and then just wanted to read the story. Is that wrong of me?” The article can still be found online, but when clicking on the search result, the BBC website says ‘Page not found’. When discussing the editorial meeting, one person went on to say: “I imagine that meeting have a 12 angry men vibe.” With another user adding: “Did they remove it because of the poo or because the sofa was ugly?” DON'T MISS: 'I'll take no lectures from the left!' Lee Anderson defends comments [REACTION]Stock market freefall as Rolls-Royce suffers 'worst year on record' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers [COMMENT]  The tweet has received hundreds of likes online. The original article was promoted on their social media channels, but has quickly been replaced with a quote tweet stating: “This article is no longer available for reasons of taste and decency." 