Some individuals will be entitled to a larger sum, but this will be based on their National Insurance record - whether this is contributions or credits. The starting amount for the state pension is calculated by using a person’s National Insurance record before April 6, 2016. The amount should be the higher of either: Some people may have been contracted out, and thus their starting amount could receive a deduction. However, individuals should be aware they could unlock a “higher” amount than the full state pension. If a person’s starting amount is more than the full state pension, they could get more. READ MORE: State pension top-up worth £3,300 is available - but are you claiming? This is known as a protected payment. The protected payment is paid on top of the full new state pension. However, the Government adds: “Any qualifying years you have after April 5, 2016 will not add more to your state pension.” Of course, there are some instances where a person’s starting amount is less than the full new state pension. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak ‘poised to swoop’ with 55% tax on pension saving breach [ANALYSIS]State pension ‘is reducing gender retirement gap’ [EXCLUSIVE]WASPI woman caring for brother-in-law slams state pension sum [VIDEO] These individuals can get more state pension by adding additional qualifying years to their NI record after April 5, 2016. This can be done until they reach the full new state pension amount, or state pension age - whichever is first. Each qualifying year on an NI record after April 5, 2016 adds approximately £5.29 a week to the new state pension. The Government has outlined a simple calculation to work out the exact amount. It is reached by dividing £185.15 - the full new state pension - by 35. Then, the number should be multiplied by the number of qualifying years after April 5, 2016. Individuals who did not make NI contributions or receive credits before April 6, 2016 will see their sum calculated entirely under the new state pension rules. This is most likely to be the case for those born after the year 2000 or individuals who became a UK resident after 2015. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some 10 qualifying years are needed on a record to get any new state pension at all. While 35 qualifying years will be necessary to get the full new state pension. The state pension will increase each year by whichever is the highest out of: 2.5 percent, inflation, or average earnings. This policy was temporarily scrapped this year due to warped earnings data. It meant the inflationary figure from September 2021 was used - creating a 3.1 percent increase to the state pension sum.