Liverpool are being strongly linked with a summer move for highly-rated AS Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. And Jurgen Klopp could be willing to offer one of the players on the fringes of his stellar squad to sweeten any deal for the Ligue 1 club. Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United have all been credited with an interest in Tchouameni this summer. And while reports suggest Real Madrid are also courting the 22-year-old, the Premier League is understood to be his preferred destination. With that said, Liverpool will be well-positioned to secure his services, and Express Sport pinpoints three stars of Anfield who could move to France in return. Curtis Jones burst onto the scenes in the 2019-20 campaign and last season made 24 appearances as a regular feature in Klopp's midfield. But the 21-year-old has made just eight Premier League starts this season, despite Gini Wijnaldum leaving without being replaced. With Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, Thiago and Naby Keita all ahead of Jones in the pecking order, Tchouameni's arrival would likely force him out of the door regardless. Given his age and potential, he would knock off the most transfer fee from the players on this list. JUST IN: Man Utd learn Tielemans demands as player reveals summer preference Considering he has made just 11 league starts across the last two seasons, and his current contract expires in 2023 anyway, Liverpool could look to cash in on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain this summer. He isn't worth the £35million fee paid for his services in 2017 but could be up for a new challenge at Monaco. Even if the money knocked out Tchouameni's fee is minimal, Liverpool would likely welcome shifting Oxlade-Chamberlain from the wage bill and making room for their next-generation midfielder. READ MORE: Five things we learned as Everton beat Chelsea in crucial victory Since joining in January 2020, Takumi Minamino has been an impact player off the bench and has shown his quality as a starter in cup competitions. But he hasn't been able to cement a spot in Klopp's elite first-choice attack and could leave this summer. In 12 cup starts for the Reds, Minamino has registered 10 goals and three assists and aged 27, is entering his prime years. Monaco could be enticed by the prospect of adding him to their attack as well as receiving a smaller fee in exchange for Tchouameni. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.