Diabetes occurs when your pancreas struggles with the production of a hormone called insulin. In people with this condition, the insulin produced is either not effective, there is not enough of it or the body can’t produce any at all. Fruits and vegetables will always be hailed as the holy grail for healthy eating particularly any of these three are highly advised due to their blood sugar lowering capabilities. One fruit in particular which has been proven to have blood sugar lowering effects is the orange. Research has demonstrated citrus fruits, such as oranges, have anti diabetic effects. Citrus fruits are a great way to get vitamins and minerals without the carbohydrates. READ MORE: Erectile dysfunction diet: Six dinner foods to lower your risk of impotence symptoms Berries are rich in compounds called anthocyanins, which have been claimed to reduce insulin resistance and improve insulin sensitivity. Blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, and raspberries are ideal types of berries to add to your breakfast or desserts. A number of studies have shown the link between berries and type 2 diabetes. DON'T MISSStatins: Three supplements that may worsen side effects [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares secret to longevity [TIPS]Fungal infections kill more people than breast cancer [INSIGHT] One study, published in the Journal of Nutrition, indicated the benefits of berries are due to a group of compounds called anthocyanins. The study showed the consumption of 160mg of anthocyanin twice a day led to 8.5 percent reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels, 13 percent less insulin resistance, and 23.4 percent increase of adiponectin, a hormone that increases insulin sensitivity. Berries are also a good source of vitamin C and fibre and don’t contain many carbohydrates - carbohydrates have the greatest impact on blood sugar control. Different studies have found that having broccoli extract can also boost insulin sensitivity. Broccoli is a nutritional powerhouse rich in vitamins and minerals, such as calcium, iron, zinc, vitamin B12, D and more. The cruciferous vegetable is packed with a presence of a compound called sulforaphane. Sulforaphane is one of the main components when it comes to its blood sugar lowering capabilities, according to research. Many people may have diabetes without even knowing it, because the symptoms may often be mistaken for something less serious. Most diabetes diagnoses are made following a routine doctors' check-up. Some of the most common symptoms include feeling unusually tired, passing more urine than normal, and feeling very thirsty. You should speak to a doctor if you're worried about the warning signs of diabetes.