Wayne Rooney offered a glowing reference for Manchester United-linked ace Malcolm Ebiowei after he scored his first Derby County goal last month. The winger, whose contract expires at the end of June, is rumoured to be of interest to the Red Devils and new boss Erik ten Hag.   Ebiowei enjoyed a meteoric rise last season after being released by Rangers. The former Arsenal product signed for Derby and initially started the season in the club’s U23s. But he was a regular starter for the first team by the end of the campaign having impressed United legend Rooney by scoring seven goals in as many Premier League 2 outings. The Rams boss handed Ebiowei his senior debut in February and he went on to make a further 15 Championship appearances. With Derby already relegated despite a brave battle against a 21-point deduction, Ebiowei scored his first professional goal in a 2-0 win over Blackpool in April. Rooney gave a bright report of the 18-year-old that will excite Ten Hag and United fans. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Paul Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions Rooney said: “I thought he was excellent all game, the best player on the pitch. It was one of the best performances I have seen from a young player, consistently for 90 minutes, in a long time. “He deserved that because he has worked extremely hard. His attitude is incredible, he wants to learn and he is an exciting young player. “His attitude is very good. He has got an enormous amount of ability, he is brave, he will take the ball, he is not afraid to take players on, to get tackled, to make mistakes. So he has got a really bright future.” DON'T MISS...Ten Hag has already done something smart at Man Utd involving RangnickMan Utd captain Harry Maguire told how he can impress Erik ten HagMan Utd's Frenkie de Jong pursuit may hinge on Man City playmaker The Metro claims that United are one of several clubs interested in signing Ebiowei. The teenager’s contract expires at the end of June and Derby have not been able to re-sign existing players owing to a transfer embargo placed upon them by the EFL. United face competition from Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Tottenham for the player, who can play on either wing or as a striker. Ebiowei has been capped by both England and the Netherlands at youth level, but has not made an international appearance since appearing for the Three Lions’ U16 side in 2018. Should he join the Red Devils, it is likely that he would go into their U23 side with a view to progressing into the first team in the next few years. New boss Ten Hag will work with a limited budget in his first transfer window, and will seek to sign players who can make an immediate impact at Old Trafford.