Cost, personalities, hosts not setting house rules, and communication problems are among the many reasons cited for the breakdowns but the number one problem seems to be a culture clash. Here an officer charged with approving accommodation for Ukrainian guests writes anonymously on a problem many of her frontline colleagues say they saw coming.   GOOD intentions do not equal good relations. The Homes for Ukrainians scheme launched by the government on March 14 2022, was designed to provide refuge for families fleeing their war torn country, by offering accommodation in the homes of UK citizens. It has for some hosts, and indeed some refugees only served to prove that an emotive response to a desperate situation by well meaning, often well off, individuals is not the Shangri-la solution many imagined it might be. The fact is many of the refugees are not in fact fleeing directly from the Ukraine. Anyone who has been savvy enough to negotiate the bureaucracy needed to get here is more than likely to be arriving here from what is already a safe county - just not one they want to be in. The women with two children and an elderly mother, trapped in a cellar or bunker, or in some rural area where her greatest fear maybe rape if not death are not the people who will make it through the system to land in some quaint cottage in rural England. Rather, the families that are reaching our shores are those that either got out early in the conflict or have made it out and are staying in another European city waiting to come to the UK. There are obvious parallels with the bigger asylum issues facing Britain, but because these people are from Ukraine no-one seems ready to talk about it. The often well-heeled Homes for Ukranians hosts are happy to welcome families, believing that they have rescued them from war and that their desire to ‘help’ will translate to lots of Kumbaya moments. Because after all, they are the same as us right? They have the same colour skin, they are not black or brown, they work like us, they are not scroungers or single parents fleeing from domestic violence. What could possibly go wrong? Unfortunately, there is more to getting on than the fact you have a job or at least a work ethic. The politics of eastern Europe - Ukraine included - are not the same as the politics of nice, middle class England. Placements are already starting to fail because, trauma aside, welcoming strangers from a different culture, who speak a different language, whose religious beliefs, food preferences, ideologies are different from yours can be extremely problematic. And all this on top of the obvious disruption to your normal home environment and routines that having strangers in your house will cause. I have seen completely well-meaning attempts to let people settle in and decompress add to the problems. Hosts fought shy of laying out house rules to new guests because they didn't want to upset them.   Local authorities dole out cash payments on arrival, free travel is provided to hosts, payments are made to the host to help with expenses and the refuges can claim benefits. On paper it seems simple. But many hosts and refugees are now realising that just because you want to help (and just because you need help) doesn’t mean the solution is easy. Still less that it lies in an ill-thought-out Government plan that thinks putting strangers from foreign countries together is like evacuation during the second world war, that we will all just rub along like some Enid Blyton book. We really might not. And already traumatised people are finding themselves in unsuitable situations and finding themselves moved and moved again between hosts desperately looking for a better fit. And those same well-meaning hosts who thought they were providing a solution are just creating more problems - for themselves and their guests. 