Selling Sunset returned for a fifth season on streaming giant Netflix recently, and promised fans more drama and beautiful real estate. During the season, fans will also get an insight into Chrishell and Jason's relationship as their romance is explored on-screen for the first time, despite their recent split. However, this isn't Chrishell's first public split, as she recently opened up about her divorce from ex-husband Justin Hartley in 2019. Chrishell and Justin split in 2019 during the middle of season three and gave viewers an insight into the drama behind the scenes. Despite having a public divorce, she decided to stay on the show to further her career, which has worked out in her favour. Speaking recently on the Lipstick on the Rim podcast, she recalled the sudden nature of the divorce and how it affected every aspect of her life. She explained: "The divorce was the most public and humiliating thing you could ever go through. READ MORE: Emmerdale star opens up on exit from ITV soap "I still had to film a reality show, it was carry on with that or quit, and I wanted this new career, so I stayed in the end." "I pushed through, and I just had to be open, and I think that is better than pretending everything is ok. "Therapy is an amazing tool. I didn't have much control over how it went down, so I had to look after myself." Chrishell and Justin divorced just two years after tying the knot, to which she spoke about the horrible way she found out. "I thought we were totally fine. We had an argument that morning over the phone, and I never saw him since we didn't talk things through. "Before we had the chance to figure things through, he filed." Despite the divorce, Chrishell went on to fall in love again with her boss Jason Oppenheim with the pair going public almost immediately. Their romance was a shock to most and especially their co-workers, as the trailer for the latest season saw Christine Quinn slam Chrishell for getting better listings than her because she was "f*****g the boss". DON'T MISS...Are Micah and Emma Hernan from Selling Sunset still dating?  [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset: Are Brett Oppenheim and Tina Louise still together? [LATEST]Christine Quinn launches savage dig at Selling Sunset bosses  [WATCH] However, the pair didn't last long and split after a brief romance in 2021. Season five delves into their fling and how everything ended between them. Just five months after confirming their relationship, Jason took to his social media with a heartfelt statement and revealed they had parted ways. It read: "While Chrishell and I are no longer together, we remain best friends, and we will always love and support each other. "She was the most amazing girlfriend I’ve ever had, and it was the happiest and most fulfilling relationship of my life. "While we have different wants regarding a family, we continue to have the utmost respect for each other. "Chrishell is an exceptional human being, and loving her and having her in my life is one of the best things that has ever happened to me." It was reported that Chrishell had wanted to start a family, but it wasn't something that Jason wanted for himself. Jason recently opened up about seeing their relationship on-screen and told The Mirror: "Season 5 is going to make me relive a lot of sadness, pain and loss," Oppenheim told The Mirror. "That's not something I'm looking forward to. I'm not ready to talk about what happened with Chrishell, but we just wanted different things. "Usually, I'm good at getting on with business, but right now, I think about her every day. It is really tough." Selling Sunset season 1-5 is available to stream on Netflix.