The Northern Ireland protocol has dramatically heightened tensions between the UK and the European Union as the nation risks a trade war with the single market. Politics professor Jon Tonge warned an EU increase on tariffs for British goods would certainly worsen the cost of living crisis as the price of essentials would be pushed to rise even further. He speculated the EU could launch a trade war in retaliation to Westminster legislation which would undermine the Brexit withdrawal agreement. Mr Tonge told BBC Breakfast: “There could well be domestic legislation passed at Westminster which will disapply some parts of the protocol.”    He continued: “Some of the checks, for example on chilled meats, the checks have been huge, you would even have a packet of sandwiches checked because that’s chilled meat. “Why are those checks taking place? Well, that's to keep the border on the island of Ireland soft, otherwise there’s a risk of goods going between Northern Ireland and Great Britain and going off into the EU single market south of the border. “Now, what Boris Johnson and unionists agree on is that those checks are excessive and we need to get rid of them. “It’s not that easy just to pass domestic legislation which potentially tears up the treaty that Boris Johnson signed with the European Union.” Mr Tonge added: “What might happen, and this is where we head towards potentially a trade war, is that the European Union may retaliate and say that the treaty you signed with us, that’s being teared up as a consequence of you tearing up the protocol.” The politics professor suggested the decision to overrule the Northern Ireland protocol would undermine core terms in the Brexit withdrawal agreement and risk the stability of British international trade. If the Brexit agreement were to be overruled, the EU could plunge the UK economy into further crisis by forcing up the price of imported goods. Mr Tonge highlighted: “Boris Johnson is trying to square an awful lot of circles in Belfast today.” Read more: Coveney launches scathing attack on Boris over hated Brexit deal He explained: “The EU can respond, for example, by putting tariffs on British goods heading to the European Union. “The British Government can respond to that by putting tariffs on goods coming from the European Union as part of a trade war but that’s the last thing that people would want because that would put up prices. “The last thing that Boris Johnson really really wants is to get involved in another set of negotiations with the European Union. “He’s hoping that the European Union will accept some sort of fudge of the protocol, some sort of watering down of it.” Don't miss:POLL: Should Boris scrap protocol and get DUP back into Stormont? [POLL]Brexit latest: Five key developments as Boris Johnson heads to NI [ANALYSIS]Boris warned 'most serious situation since 1994 ceasefire' with NI  [REPORT] Negotiations with the EU to adjust the Northern Ireland protocol have so far been unsuccessful as the EU wants to protect the European single market privileges. Mr Tonge said: “The message that’s coming from the European Union so far is no, you signed this, you’ve got to live with it, implement it. “The European Union has also pointed out the fact that most people in Northern Ireland did vote in favour of pro-protocol parties.” The DUP, the second-largest party in Northern Ireland, is currently refusing to cooperate in the formation of a new assembly until the issues surrounding the border controls have been resolved. Boris Johnson is set to visit Ireland in an attempt to calm political tensions in the nation and discuss concerns surrounding the Northern Ireland protocol.   