Liverpool and Chelsea are leading the race to sign Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, who is set to leave the Ligue 1 outfit before the start of next season, according to reports. The 22-year-old has been heavily linked with a summer move away from Monaco over the last few months, with a number of top European clubs said to have been tracking his development for some time. Tchouameni has established himself as a regular at international level with France over the last few months and is thought to have no shortage of admirers from across the continent in advance of the upcoming transfer window. The likes of Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain are said to be keen on landing the midfielder but are currently trailing in the race for his signature behind Liverpool and Chelsea, who are 'doing the most' to snap him up, according to AS.The report claims that Real Madrid have also done a significant amount of background work regarding a potential move for Tchouameni but could be priced out of a move for his services when the bidding opens in the summer. The midfielder is already said to have decided to leave Monaco in the not-too-distant future but the French club are reluctant to sell for anything less than around £59.6million.He is believed to be open to a move to Real Madrid but would also be keen to try his luck in the Premier League by joining either Liverpool or Chelsea in advance of next season. PSG have also contacted Tchouameni's representatives but have been informed that he wants to leave Ligue 1 altogether in order to take on a new challenge in another European country. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'cuts Ajax celebrations short' for Man Utd transfer meet It remains to be seen whether Liverpool or Chelsea will be able to boost their midfield ranks by completing a successful move for Tchouameni over the coming weeks and months. He recently delivered a coy response when quizzed on his future plans by refusing to rule out a move away from Monaco in the summer months but hinted that he could ultimately decide to stay if he can be convinced that it would be in his best interests."I have a contract until 2024 with an option until 2025," Tchouameni told reporters last week. "We will see what the future holds for me. A lot of things can happen in the transfer window. "There is my case and that of the other players, some of whom are at the end of their contracts and have other desires elsewhere. The most important thing is the Lille match, not what will happen after."Later, when everyone goes on holiday, we will see who will be here when everything resumes. Why not stay in the Champions League?"Being eliminated by Shakhtar Donetsk in the preliminary round this season stuck in my throat. Playing in the Champions League with Monaco is not something that would displease me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here