All Creatures Great and Small continues to be a Channel 5 hit and the TV series has since become a global favourite. Based on the books by James Herriot, the series stars Nicholas Ralph as the renowned Yorkshire-based vet. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star, including his age. Scottish actor Nicholas Ralph rose to fame after the first season of All Creatures Great and Small aired in 2020. He started off in theatre before making his small screen debut in the Channel 5 series. The actor has travelled all over the world, having been born in Cape Town, South Africa. He has family in Georgia and Texas and spent some of his childhood travelling to the US. The star is 32 and was born in April 1990. READ MORE: Law and Order SVU: Viewers slam 'disgusting' redemption arc He grew up in the Scottish Highlands and as a youngster, he played association football. He went on to study drama at college and then at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland. Two years after graduating, he auditioned for the role of James Herriot. The actor required training in vet procedures and he had not been around much livestock before the role. Despite his lack of experience, he was praised for his natural approach to being around cameras. Since starring in the series, he went on to play author CS Lewis in The Most Reluctant Convert. This year he played Father Raymond in the film The Devil's Light. His latest project is the upcoming third season of All Creatures Great and Small. Going by the show's release history, fans can expect the new episodes around September 2022, although an official release date is yet to be confirmed at the time of writing. The actor opened up about how much he has learned about his character over the years. DON'T MISS... James Corden to make surprise UK return for final Late Late Show [INSIGHT] All Creatures Great and Small’s Rachel Shenton shares sneak peek [PHOTOS] All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [INTERVIEW] He told Masterpiece: "Researching for a job is something I love to do, so I went out to the Glasgow University archives and I found Alf Wight’s report cards and things from when he was at vet college. "I’ve read the biography that his son, Jim, wrote and, of course, the first two books, and articles as well." Ralph said he was constantly learning and gaining a deeper understanding of the real James Herriot. He added: "I love the character, I really do—I love playing him, and I love finding more about the real man. "There’s a sweet spot between the character of James Herriot and the real man, Alf Wight, a sweet spot right in the middle because as you put it all together, you have to have your own interpretation of the character. "So yeah, I have utter admiration for him, and I’m loving exploring and finding out more and more as we go on." Season three will hopefully see a wedding on the cards for James and his now-fiancée Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton). However, with the war looming, a call to arms may scupper their plans. All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5, with season 3 arriving in the UK later in 2022.