Mr Myers speculated the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the Platinum Jubilee service with an extensive crew of Netflix production members to secure content for their promised documentary. The royal editor detailed the anxiety felt by the Queen and wider members of the Royal Family as they come under the glare of the streaming giant. Mr Myers discussed the Netflix deal made by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle with Australian network 9 News.    He said: “No matter how much they are against it, they still need to be seen as royal. “Netflix has paid them a huge amount of money and haven’t seen anything in the way of content. “Spotify still hasn't seen any content, we’re still waiting for these podcasts from Meghan. “Meghan has been dumped from Netflix for her premier debut. “No doubt they will have a Netflix crew in tow following them in the UK and I’m sure the Royals are terrified.”    Mr Myers explained the Queen has restricted the notable balcony appearance to only working royals in order to limit the disruption caused by the Netflix crew. He declared: “The Queen is the boss. “There’s been a lot of talk about how the Queen has been feeling, we know that she’s had these mobility problems, however, she is still absolutely pin-sharp of mind no matter how her health has been in recent months. “Make no mistake, she is the absolute boss making these decisions.” Read more: Prince William 'wary of Prince Harry's return to UK' for Jubilee   The royal editor continued: “She was the one who could have decided this was a peace offering to get the Sussexs over, to have the big family moment on the balcony which is so historic. “Yet she has decided that it will only be the working members of the Royal Family, a very slimmed down version. “They will be nowhere to be seen. “However, I’m sure Harry and Meghan will find their way, nudging to the front on some of the events.” Don't miss:Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at risk of being overshadowed by Prince Harry [INSIGHT]King Charles ‘transition’ has begun as Queen takes ‘big step’ away [REPORT]Who will appear on balcony for Jubilee after Harry and Meghan snubbed? [REVEAL] In the Queen’s 2012 Diamond Jubilee, Prince Harry appeared alongside his grandmother in celebration of the Monarch’s reign. The Platinum Jubilee appearance is set to be far more selective as controversial members including Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, and Prince Andrew are excluded from the historic moment. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have officially confirmed they will attend the upcoming Jubilee celebrations, however, Mr Myers asserted their appearance would involve a media swarm. In order to limit the disruptive potential of the speculated Netflix crew, the couple will not take their traditional position in the renowned balcony appearance.   