Next month, Baz Luhrmann’s long-awaited Elvis Presley movie will hit cinemas, the first cinematic biopic of the life and career of The King of Rock and Roll. The director has screened the film ahead of its Cannes debut for the star’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley and now daughter Lisa Marie Presley has seen it too. Both their verdicts are highly emotional responses when it comes to Austin Butler’s portrayal of the music icon they knew so personally. Priscilla tweeted: “I’ve seen Elvis the film, I watched the trailer over a dozen times. But the words I heard from my daughter on how much she loved the film and that Riley will love it too when she sees it brought tears. I relived every moment in this film. It took me a few days to overcome the emotions as it did with Lisa. Beautifully done Baz, Tom, Austin and Olivia.” Fans will know Riley Keough as the eldest daughter of Lisa and granddaughter of The King. Priscilla posted an extensive review of the Elvis movie last week on her Facebook. The 76-year-old wrote: “For those curious about the new film ELVIS, Baz Luhrmann, the director, provided a private screening for me and Jerry Schilling at Warner studios recently. This story is about Elvis and Colonel Parker’s relationship. It is a true story told brilliantly and creatively that only Baz, in his unique artistic way, could have delivered.” On the cast, Priscilla added: “Austin Butler, who played Elvis is outstanding. Halfway through the film Jerry and I looked at each other and said WOW!!! Bravo to him…he knew he had big shoes to fill. He was extremely nervous playing this part. I can only imagine. Tom Hanks was Col Parker in this film. What a character he was. There was two sides to Colonel, Jerry and I witnessed both. The story, as we all know, does not have a happy ending. But I think you will understand a little bit more of Elvis’ journey, penned by a director who put his heart and soul and many hours into this film.” DON'T MISSElvis movie ‘not biopic’ – Austin Butler on capturing King's humanity [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis: Sleeping in Lisa Marie bedroom memories shared by childhood pal [LISA MARIE]Elvis movie: Priscilla Presley gives honest verdict on Austin Butler [PRISCILLA] Priscilla attended the Met Gala this week with Elvis star Austin Butler and Baz, with the director saying of her verdict on their film: “There will never be, for Austin and I, a better review in our life. We didn’t know what she would think. We were butterflies. I can tell you that when she wrote the note, wrote to us, wrote to Austin, that he was…he broke down in tears. That is the simple truth. Why wouldn’t you? Can you imagine? Can you imagine that responsibility?” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.