Russian State Duma Deputy Defense Committee Chairman Vladimir Shamanov hinted at a 20-year plot to eliminate any sign of Ukraine's independence and culture. Comparing Russia to other countries, he claimed that "Russian superiority is recognised worldwide” and warned Moscow could engage in 20 more years of war as Russia’s objective is to “fully uproot the disease” of Ukraine. He claimed “Russia stands far apart from other nations” as he attempted to argue Ukraine was as an operation necessary “to create normal conditions for future [Russian] generations”. Shamanov claimed: “We will need 20 to 40 years to fully uproot this disease. “It won’t be easy. It has to be under our control. “There are studies on military capabilities which are renewed every five years. “We stand far apart from other nations, surpassing all others." Shamanov continued: “Our superiority is recognised worldwide. “No need to try comforting yourself, this is a long-playing record. “And if we want to create normal conditions for future generations." The claims come as Russian troops have started intensifying attacks in the city of Sievierodonetsk, the largest city of the Donbas region. READ MORE: Russia's army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine The city is believed to be a central objective for Russia as, if seized, would allow Russian troops to gain territory in the Donbas region, an “unconditional priority” for Moscow. Ukraine’s President Zelensky confirmed that Russian shelling and bombing have significantly escalated in Sievierodonetsk in the last few days. The intensified fighting came as Zelensky visited Ukrainian troops on the front lines in the north-eastern Kharkiv region. In his latest national address, he said: "As a result of the Russian strikes at Sievierodonetsk, the entire critical infrastructure of the city has been destroyed. DON'T MISS: Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [WATCH]Sophy Ridge shut down by Brandon Lewis over imperial measurements  [LISTEN]Nadine Dorries fires back at Andrew Neil in TikTok rap battle row [INSIGHT] "Occupying Sievierodonetsk is a fundamental task for the occupying contingent, and they don't care how many lives they will have to pay for this attempt to raise the Russian flag". Referring to attacks in Sievierodonetsk, Ukrainian officials said Russian shelling has been so intent that it has been impossible for them to assess casualties and damage. Luhansk regional governor Serhiy Gaidai confirmed at least two civilians have been killed and five wounded by Russian shelling as Russian troops entered Sievierodonetsk. He said in a statement: “Russian shells killed two residents and wounded five. They were preparing food in the yard when the shelling suddenly started”.