Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has insisted that he will not issue any team orders to make Lewis Hamilton move aside for George Russell if the youngster continues beating his team-mate. Russell has crossed the chequered flag before the seven-time world champion in each of the last five races.  The 24-year-old is fourth in the Drivers' Championship, 28 points ahead of Hamilton. But Wolff is not going to give the youngster any preferential treatment. "No, 100 per cent no,” Wolff told The Telegraph when quizzed on the possibility. Team orders has been a hot topic of discussion over the past week because Red Bull made Sergio Perez hand over the race lead for Max Verstappen in Barcelona last time out, clearly indicating who their main man is. But Wolff is not going down that path, and claims he would not do likewise even for Hamilton to pass Russell.   “One hundred per cent we will allow them to race until a driver is mathematically out of contention, we’re not making such a call,” he added. Mercedes have struggled with their car since the new regulations were rolled out at the start of the season. But there were promising signs at the Spanish Grand Prix as Russell secured his second podium spot of the campaign. Wolff believes the Silver Arrows have turned a corner and will soon be battling Ferrari and Red Bull at the front of the field. He explained: “You know, ultimately I’m a pessimist by nature. For me the glass is half-empty, not half full. But [Barcelona] was the first time that I saw a performance of a car and driver like in the past years.   “When you look at Imola [last month, in what was the team’s nadir, with Hamilton eventually being lapped by race winner Max Verstappen] we got stuck in no man’s land, and we couldn’t overtake. “In Spain Lewis was 30-odd seconds behind the last car in the field and he finished fourth [sic]. So that is a car that is capable of winning a race.” However, Mercedes' revival may be put on pause for one weekend, as the Monaco Grand Prix street track is not one of their favourites. “We might take one on the nose here. Finish 10th and 12th," Wolff admitted. "But it’s not going to change my opinion that the car was quick in Barcelona and that is encouraging."  Meanwhile, Wolff has been rubbing shoulders with some fellow high-profile sports leaders in Monaco. “You know, I had dinner yesterday with the coach of Juventus, Massimiliano Allegri and he started the conversation saying ‘None of us can believe what happened to you in Abu Dhabi!’ And we were like ‘Neither can we’,” he revealed. “It is still so surreal. And that’s going to stay with Lewis forever. Because in effect he won an eighth world championship. “Then he finds himself on the back foot,” he went on. “And most importantly the car is a b—h to drive. And Lewis is like ‘Four months ago I competed for the world championship in a car that was great. And suddenly the car is undrivable.’ And that also needs recalibration of your own expectations. But I think he has that now.”