James Milner has revealed that Jurgen Klopp wore Cristiano Ronaldo-branded boxers to try and relieve tension in the Liverpool dressing room before the 2018 Champions League final. The Reds faced a difficult task four years ago in Kyiv, with Zinedine Zidane’s star-studded side favourites to claim the trophy, so Klopp decided to do something unusual to calm his players.    Saturday’s Champions League final at the Stade de France is a repeat of the final four years ago, when Liverpool were beaten 3-1 by Real. The match is remembered for Loris Karius’ disaster and Gareth Bale’s double off the substitutes’ bench, but Ronaldo was the obvious danger man before kick-off. The Portuguese superstar started the game up front with Karim Benzema and would have fancied his chances up against Dejan Lovren. Klopp is known for his passionate speeches and motivational skills, but Milner, who started the final in midfield that night, remembers the manager’s zany approach in Ukraine. Asked in an interview with Jamie Redknapp for the Daily Mail to describe Klopp in three words he answered: “Genuine. Energetic. Fun. When he does his team talks, it’s not joke, joke, joke, but he’ll always try to soften them. JUST IN: Chelsea put N'Golo Kante up for sale at 'reduced price'  “Like the 2018 Champions League final. He was doing his usual pre-match meeting – talking about the game, the tactics, what we’re going to do, what they’ll do. But he knew there would be tension.” Redknapp replied: “As there would be when you’re about to face a team including Cristiano Ronaldo in a final. What did he do?" Milner said: “He had his Ronaldo boxers on.” Redknapp asked: “He whipped out his CR7-branded boxers?” DON'T MISS Champions League prize money: How much can Liverpool and Madrid win? Champions League extra-time rules as Liverpool take on Real Madrid Champions League winners medal: Which Liverpool stars qualify?  Milner explained: “That was his way of trying to relax the boys. Around games, he’ll think, ‘What is the narrative?’ Like if something’s on the lads’ minds that they’ve seen on social media. He’s good at nipping things like that in the bud.” It’s hard not to think that the sight of Klopp wearing CR7 boxers would diffuse the tension in the dressing room, but it didn’t work on that occasion. After a goalless first half it all unravelled for Liverpool, with Benzema putting Los Blancos in front. Liverpool responded through Sadio Mane, but Bale came off the bench to stun the Reds with two goals – a bicycle kick and a long-ranger which somehow beat Karius. That experience might stand Liverpool in good stead in the 2022 final, however, with eight of the starting line-up from that night still at the club and likely to be involved in the game in Paris. 