On Friday's Tipping Point, ITV host Ben Shephard welcomed three new contestants onto the show. Simon, Gloria and Noah had to compete against each other as they tried to knock as many counters down into the machine as they could. The player with the most money in their bank would then go on to the final in the hopes of winning the £10,000 jackpot. In the first round, Simon stormed into the lead after he won £700 in his bank. Gloria was close behind him with £200, while Noah was in last place with just £100. However, Ben went on to explain the game was still to play for as there were two penalty counters left to win. The host told the trio he would one more question and whoever buzzed in with the correct answer first would win both counters. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines "As things, Simon has £1,000, Gloria and Noah both have £200, but it's not over," Ben told them. "You have two counters up for grabs in the penalty pot. "I am going to ask you one more question, buzz in and give me the correct answer, you put both of these counters into the machine." Ben went on to ask: "What number must be added to 10 to make a total of 16?" Gloria was the first to buzz in and she gave the answer: "Six." "Well done you," Ben praised. "Much quicker than these two slow coaches." Despite winning the penalty counters, poor Gloria didn't have much luck as she only knocked two counters down. However, some viewers were left fuming by the penalty counter question, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [CAST]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] Stuart raged: "In ‘Baa baa black sheep’ - note to question writers, D-, must try harder! #TippingPoint." (sic) He later tweeted: "What a stupid penalty pot question, come on ITV #TippingPoint." User @s**thair tweeted: "They can’t have this level of intellect in the contestants and then increase the difficulty of the questions, otherwise most of the people would maybe get through on £50 and that’s what they’d go home with." While Trucker Timmy sarcastically said: "Next weeks questions include 'when blinking your eye closed, what happens next?' And 'how many floors does a bungalow have?'" (sic) "Can the producers please work on making the questions harder @TippingPointITV #tippingpoint," Kayleigh Natasha fumed. Despite getting off to a rocky start, Gloria and Simon made it through to the next round, while Noah was sent home. However, Gloria was no match for her opponent as Simon made it through to the final with £2,600. Unfortunately for Simon, he didn't manage to knock the jackpot counter down, but he did take away £4,050. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.