The money saving guru said not everyone will be better off on Universal Credit, but those who will should ask the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to switch now. Martin Lewis also explained how people can check if they will be financially better off, before making a decision. More than two and a half (2.6) million people rely on legacy benefits from the DWP to help them pay their bills. All legacy benefits will be coming to an end by 2024 as the DWP moves the last remaining people over. The six legacy benefits are: Income-Related Employment and Support Allowance, Income-Based Jobseeker's Allowance, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit, Income Support and Housing Benefit for those of working age. The DWP announced recently it will restart its campaign to move everyone over to Universal Credit. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares ways Britons can reduce energy bills The Government predicts 1.4 million people will be better off under the new system, while 300,000 will see no change. However, approximately 900,000 will be eligible for less financial help on Universal Credit than on their benefits. Martin said those who will be worse off will probably be those who aren’t renting or claimants who are out of work. He advised people to not just do an online benefits calculation but to ask for a one on one assessment just to make sure. DON'T MISS: Premium Bonds: NS&I to increase fund rate to 1.40% [ALERT] Martin Lewis shares way millions of Britons can HALVE broadband bill [UPDATE] Martin Lewis suggests what woman, 65, with no pension savings could do [INSIGHT]  Martin said: "So legacy benefits are things like Employments Support Allowance or income support. "There are 2.6 million people who are still on them. "I believe 55 percent of them - according to Government stats - will be better off moving to Universal Credit. "Thirty five percent will be worse off. Those who will be better off will be those who are in work who pay rent."  Martin also urged anyone with a family income of £30,000 or less to check whether they could be entitled to a Universal Credit top up. The threshold changed in November resulting in more than one million people now being eligible for up to £7,000 a year. Approximately 1.3 million people are estimated to be losing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £7,300 a year. While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, a staggering 1.3 million Britons aren’t receiving Universal Credit payments they are entitled to, according to data from the New Economics Foundation.    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It’s not just Universal Credit people could be missing out on - thousands of Britons are also missing out on Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). In total, there are 11 DWP state benefits in the UK people can claim: Universal Credit, Housing Benefit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) Employment and Support Allowance and Attendance Allowance. These could be worth thousands of pounds per year and often act as gateway benefits to additional help or “freebies”. This includes free prescriptions, help towards energy bills and reduced Council Tax for people who are not working or on a low income.  