Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman has heaped pressure on Stan Kroenke to spend this summer as the Gunners look set to miss out on Champions League football following their 2-0 defeat to Newcastle. Mikel Arteta’s side sit fifth in the table, two points behind north London rivals Tottenham and with a significantly inferior goal difference, will need a Norwich win over Spurs on the final day of the season to have a chance of securing fourth place. Many Arsenal fans will be expecting reinforcements this summer, as the Gunners will have to deal with Europa League football in addition to their domestic campaign, should they finish fifth. Seaman, speaking on the Seaman Says podcast, said: “It is going to be a massive summer for Arsenal, we all know that. We have lost Aubameyang, there are a couple of players that are out of contract especially in the striker’s position, so it is a big summer for Arsenal and I think that will tell us where the board and the club are aiming to go. “When you look at the league and we finish fifth, I am happy with that. There is no doubt about it when we started this season, the first two weeks could not have been any worse, bottom of the league and Tottenham top. “From then on people didn’t know what the process was or anything like that. I was saying stick with it because I felt that he is the right man, I still feel he is the right man. “Then we went on this run and people were saying ‘What would be a good season?’ and I said ‘Just finish in Europe, if we finish in Europe it is going to be a good season’. “It is a plus on last season, the last two seasons we finished eighth so we have made a massive improvement on that. Okay we have spent a bit of money but we have also now got a team that we know can perform, but it is about getting that consistency right.” There looks to be a summer of change for Arsenal, as both recognised strikers Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract at the end of the season. The Gunners have been heavily linked with Gabriel Jesus, while they have also reportedly enquired for Memphis Depay. Arteta is also expecting to boost his midfield options, with Leicester’s Youri Tielemans said to be on Arsenal’s list of targets alongside Arthur Melo, who they were previously linked with during the January transfer window, and may revisit that deal this summer.