Keep it to yourself if you are in a bad mood or upset about something. Your frustration has nothing to do with friends, colleagues and even the general public. If you snap at someone who is trying to be helpful, they will naturally wonder what they have done to upset you. Will an expensive purchase bring cause for regret? If you are drawn to an item on an online auction, you may have to make a very quick decision. If you do go ahead with this purchase, your excuse will be that you are now the owner of an item that will increase in value over the years. You might wish you had more time to carry out some jobs but the pressure is on to reach a deadline. You have always been able to effectively multitask and although at times it will feel as if you are running round in circles, you will see good results for your efforts by the end of the day.  It might be relationships in the workplace or too heavy a workload that is starting to get you down. If your employer is demanding you do the work of two or a workmate gets all the best assignments, it might be time for a fresh start. It will take time to switch career fields but it will be worth the effort. You aren’t finding it easy to achieve a reasonable balance between work and family responsibilities. A workmate or housemate seems to be acting strangely towards you but because you are tired and irritable yourself, you could be reading too much into certain situations. Someone is demanding too much from you. A partner in business or romance is starting to act as if they own you. Enough is enough. You aren’t a robot and as hard working as you happen to be, there is still a limit to how much you can manage in a day.  You’re unlikely to get through the day without hearing all about a friend’s romantic, business or financial troubles. They may even bring up all three during the course of a lengthy conversation. If they are hoping for advice or a loan you may have to suggest they do what they can to build up their depleted resources. Someone who shares a joint hold on the purse strings has been spending more on a hobby or sporting interest than they have previously made out. A quick check of domestic expenditures will show they have not been paying their share. This is unfair on you. It is time to put your foot down. Financial matters need to be addressed. Do this soon. You had intended to keep on top of bills only you forgot about some that are now overdue. Spend an hour or two straightening these out and you will feel an amazing relief that they are over with.  A team effort comes to a halt when someone refuses to carry out tasks assigned to them. This surprises you when in the past you worked well together. Someone seems to have lost their enthusiasm and willingness to do their share. It may take a few stern words to persuade them to pull their socks up. A whirl of activity will take your working world by storm. You may not be doing what you intended to do due to problems contacting people you need to talk to but you have plenty other jobs to get on with until you hear from them. A joint arrangement you’ve been keeping secret may take a turn in direction. It is becoming more difficult to keep certain matters behind closed doors. Be certain to listen carefully if someone is trying to tell you things can’t go on the way they are. Some changes need to be made and the sooner this is done the better. 