Sony has just revealed its all-new premium flagship and it looks perfect for anyone who loves watching and making movies on their mobile. The fully refreshed Xperia 1 IV (that's mark 4 if you were wondering) now features an updated 6.5-inch 4K display that's now around 50 percent brighter than before. That should help to make those nightly Netflix binges look better than ever plus there are full-stage stereo speakers to help boost the audio. Of course, like all Xperia devices you also find the unique 21:9 Wide display which makes watching movies feel far more immersive. Along with viewing content, the Xperia 1 IV should be pretty good at creating things as well. That's all thanks to a blockbuster camera upgrade with the new triple-lens snapper able to shoot slow-motion videos in Ultra HD quality - not even the iPhone can do that! This rear camera also features an impressive true optical telephoto zoom 85–125mm lens to help get up close and personal plus object tracking makes sure what you are shooting always stays perfectly in focus. Sony is boasting that the Xperia 1 IV will provide "unparalleled video capabilities" with the device even able to record in 4K HDR 120fps video on all its three lenses. Along with being fabulous for film fanatics, the new Xperia 1 IV is now the most powerful phone Sony has ever made thanks to the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon Gen 1 processor under the bonnet. There's also a headphone port to plug in those cans, a special mode to help make gaming feel more immersive and a whopping 5,000mAh battery which should keep the movies playing for even the longest long-haul flight. The only thing you no longer get with Xperia phones is a plug or USB-C lead with Sony ditching these accessories in a bid to cut down on electronic waste. “Xperia 1 IV is an exciting continuation of our Xperia series,” said Nobuki Asahina, Head of Mobile Sales & Marketing’. “At Sony, we believe creativity has no limits and our new flagship model, the Xperia 1 IV, is born of that philosophy. “Xperia inspires users to become creators, and every facet of content creation can be handled by Xperia 1 IV. Beyond this, it is fast! Every aspect of the device has been designed to maximise the speed of execution. Whether it’s the speed of the camera, or the speed of responsiveness when gaming, we firmly believe that this new device will delight our customers.” Sony's Xperia 1 IV will be available soon with prices expected to be around £1,000. If that sounds too expensive don't panic. Along with this premium call maker, Sony is also updating its cheaper Xperia 10 device with this rebooted model getting an improved camera, faster processor, 5G and a pin-sharp 6-inch OLED screen. It also features a whopping 5,000mAh battery which is tucked inside an ultra-lightweight and colourful design that's also water-resistant. Full release date ad pricing is expected soon.