Arsenal could have another big summer following their near £150million spend in 2021. Mikel Arteta is likely to allow several players to leave the club, while some see their contracts expiring at the end of June. Express Sport picks seven players Arsenal need to replace in the upcoming window. Lacazette is one of three players whose contracts expire this summer. The Frenchman has not done enough to earn a new deal at the Emirates. He has scored just four goals in the Premier League this season. Arsenal need to not only sign a replacement, but make sure they upgrade on Lacazette too. Another striker whose deal is coming to an end. Nketiah has rejected all offers of a renewal so far as he wants assurances over game time. He has started the last seven Premier League matches, scoring four goals. But he's not at the level to be the first-choice striker at Arsenal and if he's not happy with playing second fiddle, he will need to be replaced. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns  Tavares initially started his Arsenal career with some promise following his arrival from Benfica last summer. However, he has been a liability at times in the second half of the season. Arteta may feel a loan move would be beneficial for the Portuguese youngster. Even if that is the case, Arsenal cannot rely solely on Kieran Tierney as their left-back. Cedric has been a regular since January due to the injury problems of Takehiro Tomiyasu. But, like his compatriot Tavares, he has also been shown up in big matches of late. Tomiyasu's fitness record means he also cannot be relied on to play week in, week out. Cedric is not the answer as a solid back-up.  Pepe has not started a Premier League match since October. Arteta clearly is not a fan of the club-record signing and he looks set to leave in the next window. The addition of European football of some kind next season means depth will be needed in attacking positions. However, it looks increasingly likely that Pepe will not settle for that role. Xhaka is a much-maligned figure in the Arsenal squad. Some loved his comments slating his team-mates after the loss to Newcastle, some felt he was out of order. In truth, the Swiss has let Arsenal down one too many times and perhaps this summer is a good time to cut ties. However, the lack of midfield options means he will need to be replaced with a new signing.  Elneny is in talks over a new deal but fans are divided over whether he should stay. The Egyptian knows his role at the club, which is purely a back-up in the Premier League but featuring more prominently in cup competitions. He rarely lets the team down and has the attitude Arteta craves from his players. If a contract cannot be finalised, a new Mr Reliable will need to be sought. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 