Max Verstappen has aimed at dig at Ferrari after their Team Principal Mattia Binotto voiced budget cap concerns over Red Bull upgrading their car. The two F1 giants are locked in a fascinating title battle already this season, with Mercedes languishing much further behind. Just six points separate the two teams in the Constructors' Championship. Ferrari's Charles Leclerc is also leading the Drivers' Championship ahead of Verstappen, with the reigning F1 champion trailing by just 19 points. After the recent Miami Grand Prix, which saw Verstappen finish first and Leclerc second, Binotto questioned the number of upgrades Red Bull have made. And Verstappen has hit back at Binotto, stating Red Bull are simply "more efficient" than their rivals. In an interview with Sky Sports, Verstappen was asked about Ferrari's surprise at the amount of upgrades Red Bull have made given the budget cap. "It's not a surprise to us," he replied. "Maybe we are more efficient." JUST IN: F1 offered new GP venue by New York mayor as Ecclestone plan revived Speaking earlier this month, Binotto said of Red Bull's improvements: "It's true that Red Bull improved their car. Since the very start of the season they introduced upgrades, and today if I look at the last two races, maybe they got a couple of tenths per lap faster to us. "I hope, because there is as well a budget cap, that at some stage Red Bull will stop development, otherwise I will not understand how they can do that. If there is a concern it’s how much they are developing considering the budget cap. "That's certainly a concern we have got. But more than a concern, as I said maybe it is a hope, because at some stage they will need to stop…" DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc vows to make change after crashing historic FerrariLewis Hamilton breaks silence on Michael Masi returning to FIA rumoursCharles Leclerc set for major Ferrari boost at Spanish Grand Prix "We do not have the money to spend for upgrades at each single race. I think it is as simple as that. "Not because of an inability, but because of the budget cap. So we need somehow to try to focus development on when we believe it's the right moment, and the right spending."