Some Santander customers have already started receiving written letters from their bank informing them of the changes, which was announced on April 21. From July 18, branches will change their Monday to Friday opening hours from 09:30–16:30 hours to 09:30–15:00 hours. However, branch colleagues will still be available from 15:00 until 17:00 for pre-booked face-to-face appointments for customers that cannot be supported through other means. The bank will move 316 branches from full day Saturday opening to half day Saturday opening. The new Saturday times for these branches are 09:30 to 12:30 instead of the current 09:30 to 16:00. Similarly, colleagues will be available for appointments in branch from 12:30 to 16:00 on these days. READ MORE: NatWest sheds light on new online banking scam tactic - 'Did you click on the link?’ Meanwhile, 76 Branches will retain their current half day opening hours (09:30-12:30) on a Saturday and 58 branches will remain closed on a Saturday as they are today. Santander said they will increase telephone support customers in response to these changes. The bank said the changes were influenced by long-term trends in customer behaviour. The number of Santander customers using branches has fallen by 33 percent over the two years before the pandemic. This saw an additional 50 percent drop in 2020 and another 12 percent drop in 2021. The news came amid a number of high street bank branch closures. Further closures and reduced in-person services could impact vulnerable Britons disproportionally. Government High Streets Task Force expert and ShopAppy founder Dr Jackie Mulligan said: “In recent months, we have seen a number of banks announce branch closures and this news from Santander is another significant blow to retailers around the UK. “It also comes at a time when inflation and rising energy bills are squeezing people’s spending power in a way we haven’t seen for decades, which is again hitting local shops hard. “The shift to digital banking is irreversible, but so, too, is the damage caused by banks reducing their presence or opening hours on our high streets. “Our message to consumers is, if you have less to spend, spend it wisely, not with the online giants but with the local businesses that are the bedrock of your communities. Right now, they are depending on your custom more than ever." The UK's population of bank branches and ATMs have been significantly reduced, with almost half of bank branches in 2015 now closed. This highly impacts consumers that rely on in-person assistance, including the elderly and youngsters alike who may find themselves at more risk of cybercrime due to the move to digital banking. Richard Owen, head of branches at Santander, said that the changes would allow the high street bank to maintain its existing branch network and add capacity to help customers telephonically. He said: “We have seen a continuing reduction in branch usage over several years, both before and since the peak of the pandemic, with many customers preferring to transact digitally or contact us by phone. We want to make sure we have the right mix of channels to help our customers however they choose to bank with us.” Janice Bell shared her concerns for continued branch closures, warning her elderly father is unlikely to adjust well to entirely digital banking.