A fire has broken out in the Black Country on Lower City Road, in Tividale, Sandwell. Three fire engines are at the scene. West Midlands Fire Service said the large, 50 by 20 metre building was “well” alight.  Just before 12.30pm Thursday, units were called to a fire at a derelict building. Fire crews warned there were concerns due to asbestos in the roofing forcing them to fight the fire externally and from a safe distance. An aerial hydraulic platform had also been brought to the building. There have been no reports of casualties. Police are in attendance and Lower City Road is currently closed from Dudley Road East to Birmingham New Road. A materials officer onsite has confirmed the roof panels do contain asbestos and West Midlands fire service said its firefighters were taking precautions to avoid contact with the dangerous material.  READ MORE: BBC's Katya Adler in brutal Brexit trade war warning One resident told BirminghamLive that the building was next to his son's school and that he could not get to his house. He said: "It's next to Ormiston Academy which my son attends. "I live on the road and I can't get to my house. "They're not letting my wife out of the house because it's an asbestos fire."  Crews were reportedly making steady progress, however West Midlands Fire Service (WMFS) reported they could be there for some time. At 3.52pm West Midlands Fire Service confirmed crews on site advised residents in the area that it was now safe to open windows and doors as the smoke from the fire had dissipated. DON'T MISS:Dog with one of strongest bites put down after attack [REPORT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry set for Netflix docuseries [LIVE]Ukraine guerrilla resistance blows up train with Russian soldiers [ANALYSIS]   Some residents had reportedly lost power due to the fire, Western Power was at the scene and expected power to be restored in three to four hours. On Twitter, WMFS said: "Residents in the area are now safe to open doors and windows as the smoke has ceased. "Unfortunately, power is affected to some residential properties and a school nearby. Western Power is expected to restore them in the next 3-4 hours."  A propane cylinder was involved in the incident but has been cooled by firefighters. It is still unclear what started the blaze.  