Mikel Arteta is reportedly ready to make Raheem Sterling the main man in his Arsenal attack as the Gunners prepare to pounce for the Manchester City forward. The North Londoners are understood to be 'strongly considering' a move for the England international, should he become available in the summer when he enters the final year of his contract, and view him as the potential solution to their striking conundrum. Fresh from committing his long term future to Arsenal last week, Arteta is thought to be assessing a number of options ahead of the summer transfer window, alongside the club's recruitment team, and Sterling is a player who has caught the eye. According to the Telegraph, the North Londoners are ready to explore a move for the 27-year-old this summer, with the Spaniard said to be willing to make Sterling the focal point of his Gunners attack. Arsenal have long been looking to add a further firepower to their front line having sanctioned Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's departure at the end of the January transfer window, and given both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah remain set to see their contracts expire at the end of the season. Sterling is understood to be 'strongly under consideration' as a potential replacement. At present, City's No.10 is yet to commit to a new deal at the Etihad with his current contract set to come to an end next summer. It is understood Sterling will discuss his future with City come the end of the campaign, as all efforts are focused on securing a fourth Premier League winners' medal for now. READ MORE: Chelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Abramovich  However, given the lack of commitment, Sterling could well become available this summer, which is likely to see Arsenal act on their interest. Arteta worked closely with the forward during his three years at City, when he was a member of Pep Guardiola's backroom staff. Whether or not the Gunners can complete the job of securing Champions League football for next campaign by finishing in the Premier League's top-four will play a significant factor in a potential deal to sign Sterling. Arteta's men are currently four points ahead of North London rivals Tottenham in the race for fourth but travel to Spurs for the first of their remaining three league matches this Thursday. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag' [SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]Arsenal legends' view on Mikel Arteta after Spaniard warned them not to 'spread poison' [QUOTES] Fresh from committing his long term future to Arsenal last week, Arteta is thought to be assessing a number of options ahead of the summer transfer window, alongside the club's recruitment team, and Sterling is a player who has caught the eye. According to the Telegraph, the North Londoner are ready to explore a move for the 27-year-old this summer, with the Spaniard said to be willing to make Sterling the focal point of his Gunners attack. Arsenal have recently been linked with another City forward in Gabriel Jesus, as several striking options are explored. However, the Brazilian has appeared inspired since rumours of the Gunners' interest surfaced, netting seven goals in his last seven appearances. Sterling will no doubt have impressed Arteta once again on Sunday as he hit a double in City's 5-0 demolition of Newcastle at the Etihad to help his side close in on yet another Premier League title. The success saw Guardiola's side open up a three-point advantage over rivals Liverpool as City capitalised one the Reds' slip-up against Spurs on Saturday.  