As the Prime Minister accepts, some of the behaviour within Number 10 was appalling. Drinking continued into the early hours, cleaning staff were mistreated and there was a “minor altercation” between two individuals. None of the worst offences took place at the birthday party for which Mr Johnson received a police fine. Photos in the report suggest that this was a rather tame affair, and certainly not much of a party. The Prime Minister is nonetheless right to accept responsibility for events that took place at the heart of government. Downing Street officials were under enormous pressure, dealing with a pandemic that affected every person in this country. But the same could be said of many others including, for example, our heroic NHS staff. Millions of British people who obeyed the rules and did the right thing will be feeling let down today. The report does not contain damning new revelations about Mr Johnson’s behaviour. His opponents will be disappointed that there is no smoking gun that can be used to convict him. The Prime Minister has apologised and wants to move on. He should be allowed to do so. Too much time has been spent on this sorry affair when there is essential work to do. That includes tackling the cost of living crisis, the major issue facing us today. The nation will be appalled by the callous massacre of 19 children and two adults in a Texan school. Our heartfelt sympathies go to the families of the victims. It was shocking to learn that the 18-year- old killer used a rifle which he bought legally on his birthday. The 1996 Dunblane massacre, when a man shot dead 16 pupils and one teacher in Scotland, led to gun control laws here in the UK. US President Joe Biden has made it clear he believes restrictions are now needed in his country. While there is much to admire about America, we look on with horror at the consequences of the right to bear arms. We hope our friends in the US will support their President on this occasion. Steven Gallagher thought he would never open a door for himself again. He says the idea of receiving a double hand transplant seemed like something from a “space age” tale. We can well believe it. What seemed like fantasy has now become a reality. We are fortunate to be living in an age where we can benefit from such wondrous advances in medical science.