The words of Steven Gerrard that followed Liverpool’s Champions League final defeat against Real Madrid in 2018 will be ringing in the players’ ears on Saturday as they attempt to exact revenge on the La Liga giants. The Reds legend pointed out three areas for improvement after their 3-1 defeat in Kyiv, but it seems those problems have been resolved four years on. Goalkeeper Loris Karius was mostly at fault for the defeat after two catastrophic errors that led to goals for Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema, although there was nothing he could do to stop the Welshman’s incredible bicycle kick. Sadio Mane’s goal proved to be nothing more than a consolation as they suffered defeat in Ukraine. Liverpool inevitably lost some belief when Mohamed Salah went off injured, and Gerrard also took aim at how the Liverpool players suffered a lapse in concentration. The Reds legend also pointed out how Madrid, with more experience at this level, showed they were more attentive in the final. "I’ve won one and lost one. You don’t remember the ones you lose,” the former Liverpool midfielder told BT Sport back in 2018. “At the end of the day those two mistakes have been pivotal to the result. Liverpool have played well tonight. Losing Mo Salah had a psychological effect on everyone and Madrid came good from there. READ MORE: ‘It’s not looking good’ Flight chaos leaves Liverpool fans stranded "We spoke about experience before the game, know-how on the big stage and the Madrid players being more switched on. The first goal is a keeper in a rush. It's a rush of blood to the head, all he had to do was stay calm and he's made a mistake and been punished.” But it is fair to say those criticisms from four years ago are no longer relevant to Jurgen Klopp’s side. The German has assembled a squad capable of challenging on all fronts, reflected in their agonisingly close run for an unprecedented quadruple. DON'T MISSKlopp had unusual Ronaldo tactic before 2018 Champions League finalChampions League prize money: How much can Liverpool and Madrid win?Champions League extra-time rules as Liverpool take on Real Madrid The Reds only lost twice in the Premier League this season and their only Champions League defeat came against Inter Milan at Anfield when the tie was essentially over. If anything, Klopp’s side are one of the very best at doing what is necessary to win — even if it means sacrificing their ‘heavy metal football’ at times. One would also suspect that if Salah was injured or did not start the final this time around, the impact would not be as forceful as it was in 2018. With Luis Diaz, Sadio Mane, Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino available, Klopp has a luxury of options to choose from in attack. And that’s before considering outsiders Divock Origi and Takumi Minamino. Gerrard’s words from 2018 related to a squad that was undoubtedly filled with star names and quality, but were only just beginning their journey to the top under Klopp. Now, with a Premier League title and Champions League trophy to their names, the Merseyside outfit are ready to deal with whatever Carlo Ancelotti’s men throw their way.