Rory McIlroy's bid to end his eight-year major drought will continue at the US PGA Championship in Oklahoma this week. The Northern Irishman will tee off at Southern Hills Country Club buoyed by his performance at the US Masters in Augusta, where he finished second behind winner Scottie Scheffler following a scintillating final round of 64. If he's seeking a good omen, the last of his five major wins came in this tournament back in 2014 in Valhalla, holding off Phil Mickleson by one shot. Since then however, the Ryder Cup icon has endured frustrating periods of inconsistency, and will start behind the likes of Scheffler and Jon Rahm with the bookmakers this week. The career earnings of the 33-year-old still make for impressive reading though. Since turning professional in 2007, he's raked in more than £69 million from tournament wins and appearances, and continues to be one of the most marketable superstars on the planet. Endorsements off the course haven't been in short supply either, and back in January 2013 he signed a multi-million pound deal with Nike. Four years later, he penned a 10-year, £163 million contract extension with the company, but the agreement enabled a clause which also allowed him to agree lucrative terms with TaylorMade. JUST IN: Tiger Woods net worth: How much is he worth ahead of PGA Championship?  According to celebritynetworth, this has all helped the star boast a current net worth of £138.7 million. That's on the back of average annual earnings of more than £30 million, a sum which will only increase if he can regain his knack of winning major championships. Whilst the figures put him amongst the sport's top earners, they are dwarfed somewhat by the financial worth of Tiger Woods. Having confirmed he will appear at The Open Championship this summer, the 15-time major champion will also play at Southern Hills this week, as he continues his comeback trail following his gutsy appearance at Augusta, where he completed all four rounds. DON'T MISS:Phil Mickelson gives no reason for PGA Championship withdrawal one year after historic win'We've all made mistakes' - Greg Norman brushes off question on brutal Khashoggi killingJustin Thomas calls out PGA Tour rebels with clear message for LIV Golf Series hopefuls The American's net worth has been estimated at around £636 million, more than four times that of McIlroy's. His career earnings also exceed a staggering £99 million. One thing is for sure, McIlroy won't be trying to catch his esteemed friend by joining the Saudi-backed breakaway tour. The British golfer has been a vociferous critic of the project, labelling it "dead in the water" after the top players declined to join.