Amber Heard took to the stand yesterday as the $100 million defamation suit between her and ex-husband Johnny Depp continues. During the trial, the Aquaman actress, 36, claimed that Depp, 58, criticised her after she wore a low-cut dress to a 2012 charity event, which saw her become emotional when recalling the incident to the Virginia court room. Speaking about the abuse she alleges to have faced from the Pirates of the Caribbean star, Heard claimed that Depp made remarks about her "whoring herself out" over her clothing choices. The actress said that they were arguing about her clothes and her acting work, and added that she tried to avoid discussing the subjects as it would "change the mood". Heard claimed: "[Depp] would talk about other actresses to do my role in this way where they were worthless whores, they were fame hungry, expletive, expletive. (sic) "Every time I was walking out of the house he would ask me, 'That's really what you're wearing kid? Oh I see.' READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update Speaking to the court, the star went on to recall a time she wore a "low cut" dress to a charity event, but after Depp's comments felt "embarrassed" about the attire. Heard said: "I wore a dress to an event once and I felt beautiful in it. "Stupid as that sounds, I felt pretty in this dress I picked out and I showed him. "I thought it was weird he wasn't saying anything about it," she added. The actress continued: "I left him to go do this red carpet and I was like, 'Did you see the event I went to?' "Basically, I felt pretty and I wanted him to say something about that I guess." When she asked her beau whether he had seen the garment, she claims Depp replied: "I think the whole world saw that, kid."That's how they'll remember you, that's how the world will remember you." DON'T MISS... Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [INSIGHT]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine 'dumbfounded' by Brexit's lack of impact [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan hits back at 'wokies' amid reports of plummeting ratings [UPDATE] Heard donned a shimmering, gold dress to attend the Art of Elysium's 5th Annual Heaven Gala in 2012. The stunning evening gown showcased the actress's incredible figure and dragged across the red carpet thanks to its fishtail design. The designer garment featured a low-cut neckline and thin straps reaching over the star's shoulders. Addressing his comments, Heard claims: " "My dress was low-cut, I get it, it was low-cut, but I felt really embarrassed and horrible that I wore that. "My dress was low-cut, I get it, it was low-cut, but I felt really embarrassed and horrible that I wore that. "I felt like how could I have made that choice, of course he's right." The star told the court how she "started to believe" Depp's narrative surrounding her clothing choices, adding that "it didn't stop". "When I walked out of the house it wasn't, 'Hey, you're not allowed to wear that', it was like, 'Oh, really, that's what you're wearing?'" Heard said. "'No wonder you get cast in those roles, no wonder that's what you are, that's what you're making it," she said, adding that the comments would lead to a "blow up" between them. This is the first time the incident has been spoken of in court. Depp has not yet addressed Heard's claims.