Manchester United’s plight this season and the squad’s disillusioned mood is a ‘source of fascination’ to Sir Alex Ferguson, reports say. The Red Devils finished sixth in the Premier League table. And neither Ole Gunnar Solskjaer nor Ralf Rangnick was unable to get the best from the players at their disposal, with Erik ten Hag now primed to be their next manager. Manchester United had high hopes at the start of the season, especially when they concluded summer transfers for the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. However, instead, the Red Devils endured a horrendous campaign under both Rangnick and Solskjaer. They ended up finishing sixth in the table, having won just 16 of their 38 matches to make it their worst-ever Premier League season. Amid the chaos, the mood at Carrington has been flat and players have been fighting among themselves behind the scenes. And the Manchester Evening News say United’s disillusioned squad is a ‘source of fascination’ to Ferguson, their former manager. When he left in 2013, the Scot insisted he’d left a team behind capable of challenging for the best trophies on offer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet, nine years on, and United now face their biggest rebuilding job ahead of the commencement for the Ten Hag era. Ferguson apparently used ‘backchannels’ to gauge the mood of the team, aware of the crisis that was ongoing. Players lost faith in Solskjaer earlier in the season, even before he was relieved of his duties following a 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. They apparently gave Rangnick the disparaging nickname of ‘specs’, with members of the squad against the German’s methods from the very beginning. One player reportedly didn’t like the way the 63-year-old spoke to them, insisting he ‘talked to them like a child’. Another spoke negatively of any competitor for his position. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And others were unhappy with Rangnick’s decision to regularly play Anthony Elanga, despite the Sweden international still having much to learn. Furthermore, they didn’t like his coaching staff, either. United sources always felt Chris Armas was out of his depth, having arrived with experience of only Major League Soccer. And while there’s going to be a big exodus when Ten Hag arrives, some players will still be at the club this time next year. United apparently held a meeting in February to try and salvage their season. But Harry Maguire, their captain, wasn’t present with the meeting then going on to ‘cause ructions’ within the dressing room. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Paul Pogba was there and apologised to Rangnick as he didn’t want to seem as though he was undermining the manager. A senior player apparently hijacked the talks, though no names are mentioned. Ten Hag will now have plenty of work to do in order to turn United around, especially given the chaos ongoing behind the scenes. And whether he’s got that in him is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, earlier in the season, United had the chance to appoint Antonio Conte before Tottenham swooped in. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet Gary Neville is sticking to his guns that the Red Devils were right not to hire the combative Italian. "It is possible to think that he's a great coach but he doesn't suit your club and that's it,” he said. "For me, he does two years at clubs and I don't think he's right for Manchester United but for other clubs, it's fine. "To be fair, he's done a good job. “Arsenal have blown it at the end and Manchester United have capitulated, which has helped but I have no doubt he's a great manager, he just doesn't suit the club that I support, I feel."