EastEnders stalwart Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowen) and his husband Callum Highway (Tony Clay) could end up splitting up after the policeman discovers Ben's dark secret. In recent weeks on the BBC soap, Ben has begun to attack people on the street who he believes to be homophobic. However, in upcoming scenes, things could go from bad to worse for the mechanic when he strikes up an unlikely friendship with newcomer and barman Lewis Butler (Aidan O'Callaghan). Earlier this week, Ben was left fuming when he realised a poster of Callum located in the Square had been defaced. He is convinced the damage was a homophobic attack against the couple and is hellbent on seeking revenge. During Tuesday night's instalment, Ben spotted a man laughing at the defaced image, which is when Lewis intervened. "You got a problem, mate?" Ben fumed as the man replied: "No, have you?" READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' Ben continued: "That's my husband, so if you're laughing at him, yeah I've got a problem." As the man proceeded to respond, Ben went to attack him but Lewis restrained him before he could take a punch. "I don't want to hear about your sex life," the man taunted. "You're disgusting." Lewis stepped to defend Ben as he replied: "He's disgusting? Have you looked in the mirror? "Seriously, pluck your nose hair, babe. It's 2022." "You're a joke," the man raged back as Lewis replied: "Aw, a shame that wasn't." As Ben went to punch the man again, he said to Lewis: "What? So I am supposed to live with all this hate?" Lewis went on to add: "You're too pretty for prison. Come on, you can have a drink while you watch me work." Meanwhile, Ben became enraged once again when he saw the man from earlier and launched a violent attack. However, he soon realised he had assaulted the wrong person. DON'T MISS...How did Nicola Walker meet husband Barnaby Kay? [CAST]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj recalls co-stars disastrous audition for role [NEWS] In upcoming scenes, Ben becomes weary when Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) questions him about what had happened the night before. However, Jay (Jamie Borthwick) is quick to realise what Ben has done, and is forced to come clean to Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth). Kathy and Callum fume at Ben as he tries to defend his actions and shows no remorse for what he's done. Meanwhile, Lewis and Ben get drunk at Ruby’s and he comes clean about everything. According to official spoilers released by the BBC, Lewis and Ben end up getting closer after Callum breaks up with the mechanic. However, after Lewis tries to make the police officer see sense, Callum shows Ben the keys to their flat to show he’s serious about their future. Callum assures him he won’t tell the police the truth about the attack, but if anything ever happens then their relationship is over. As Callum struggles to move on from what happened, Lewis goes to find Ben. The duo have already grown close after Ben came clean to Lewis about the attacks. With Ben and Callum's relationship at breaking point, will Ben turn to Lewis for comfort? The duo could end up having an affair, and in doing so, will Ben be torn apart from Callum and his family especially after the barman knows Ben's dark secret? EastEnders airs weekdays at 7.30pm on BBC One.