Arsenal are facing the prospect of a bizarre legal battle, with reports from Brazil claiming that Marquinhos has 'already signed' a contract with Wolves. The Sao Paulo forward has been closing in on a £3million move to the Gunners, with a medical thought to have been completed. But the move has hit a shock snag after it emerged that the 19-year-old had signed a pre-contract agreement with Wolves before Arsenal made their move. The Daily Mail claim that Wolves believe they have a 'legally binding agreement' to sign Marquinhos when he becomes a free agent this summer. Marquinhos is expected to leave Sao Paulo in the upcoming transfer window, though Arsenal are offering to pay a small fee, unlike Wolves. The Brazilian will be a free agent as FIFA rules state that underage players can only sign three-year contracts, with Marquinhos' last deal being inked when he was a 16-year-old. It is stated that the impending expiration of his contract led Wolves to tie him to a pre-contract agreement. Despite that, Sao Paulo still 'offered' the attacker to the Gunners, with Arsenal moving quickly to seal a transfer. READ MORE: Arsenal transfer plans have changed but Jesus 'most likely' to sign The deal taking him to Wolves was due to 'kick in' on 14 July, two days after the expiration of his Sao Paulo deal. But that pre-contract agreement now appears to be in tatters, with Arsenal closing in on bringing in Marquinhos. As a result, it is claimed that Wolves are now seeking legal advice ahead of a potential 'court battle'. Action against Arsenal, Marquinhos himself and Sao Paulo are all on the table, with Wolves now weighing up their options. DON'T MISS: Arsenal signing of Marquinhos 'absurd' as Mikel Arteta lands bargain (INSIGHT)Marquinhos to be Arsenal's first summer signing as £2.5m deal expected (NEWS)Arsenal two-year plan at risk as Arteta mulls over Neves transfer (TRANSFERS) Marquinhos has starred for Sao Paulo over the past two seasons, earning a regular place in Rogério Ceni's side. The Brazilian club's president insisted last week that they tried to keep him, to no avail. “He didn’t want to stay, we tried everything. Even before the game against Racing, where he blew up, he didn’t want to stay. It was a contractual issue, that he had this condition,” Julio Casares told Sportv.