The tech billionaire will hold the leadership role for a few months following the buyout, according to CNBC. Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal has only been in charge of the company for a few months after taking over leadership from co-founder Jack Dorsey in November. The huge development over Mr Musk's new leadership role comes after it was revealed the world's richest man has 18 investors committed to collectively invest more than £5.66billion worth of equity to help fund his takeover of Twitter. He said in a new filing that Oracle Corp co-founder Larry Ellison's trust will stump up $1billion towards the total purchase price of the social media platform. The billionaire announced he had also received equity commitment letters from investors such as Sequoia Capital (£647.4m) and Brookfield (£202.3m). Qatari Holding (£303.5m) and NYC real estate investor Steve Witkoff (£80.9m) are just some of the other investors listed. The new filing showed Mr Musk will continue to hold talks with existing holders of Twitter, including Mr Dorsey, to contribute shares to the proposed mammoth acquisition. Last week, it was reported he had been in discussions with large investment firms and high net-worth individuals over the possibility of taking on more financing for the Twitter takeover, as well as tying up less of his wealth in the deal. Following the investor announcement, Twitter stock soared to $50.17 per share in pre-trading. The tech billionaire has agreed to buy the social media giant for $54.20 per share over the closing price on April 1. READ MORE: Russia humiliated as flaw found in threat to cover UK in radiation This was the last trading day before he disclosed his approximately nine percent stake in the platform. Following the listing announcement, Saudi Arabian investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal piled praise on Mr Musk, saying he will be an "excellent leader" for Twitter after he agreed to roll his $1.89billion stake into the deal rather than cashing out. On April 14, Prince Alwaleed had opposed the takeover bid, claiming the price offered by Mr Musk did not come close to the intrinsic value of Twitter given its growth prospects. But he has now tweeted to say it was great to connect with his "new friend". DON'T MISSEU braces for mass legal suits as top court rules against France [REPORT]'Ukraine could be East Asia' Japanese PM warns on Putin's intentions [COMMENTS]Putin may have cancer says reports [LATEST]     Prince Alwaleed said in a tweet responding to Kingdom Holding and Mr Musk: "I believe you will be an excellent leader for Twitter to propel and maximise its great potential. "Kingdom Holding Company and I look forward to roll our $1.9bn in the 'new' Twitter and join you on this exciting journey." Current Twitter CEO Mr Agrawal has only been in charge of the company for less than six months. Last month, Reuters reported Mr Musk had lined up a new CEO for Twitter, citing a source familiar with the matter.   Mr Musk has recently been leading presentations in front of investors, where he has given financial projections based on his analysis of Twitter, according to insiders familiar with the situation who spoke with CNBC's David Faber. The journalist said the tech tycoon told investors he believed Twitter’s EBITDA margin was too low and the social media firm has “too many engineers not doing enough". He also pledged to make the company a “magnet for talent", according to Mr Faber.   THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 