The life-affirming DIY series will be returning for a brand new series next week, and Nick Knowles has promised his latest adventures in construction have been just as heartwarming as ever. As he teased the next episodes of DIY SOS on BBC Breakfast on Friday morning, he admitted to Charlie Stayt and Victoria Derbyshire he often had to duck out to compose his emotions. DIY SOS has become a surprise tear-jerker over the years, and it looks like the next outing for Nick and his construction crew will be no different. Nick previewed the upcoming episodes on BBC during an interview on Friday, and recalled some of the more hard-hitting moments of filming. In this coming season, Nick and his crew meet a mother of two who passed away from an aggressive form of cancer in a matter of months after buying an “unliveable” house. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death Charlie asked: “I imagine it must be a rollercoaster of emotions… What happens when it gets too much?” As the presenter of the series, Nick revealed he tries not to succumb to his emotions too often. “First of all it’s hugely reassuring when you see the fortitude of people and what they deal with on a day-to-day basis,” he explained. “You tend to go, ‘Well it might be tough on me, but I’m not living what they’re living.’ So I can’t really fall apart.” Although Nick and the team have become used to the emotional strain of hosting DIY SOS over the years, there are still days when they have to take some time to themselves. “It does over a period of time become compressed because you do it a lot,” Nick told Charlie and Victoria. “And there’s no doubt that a number of the crew end up pulling over into lay-bys on the way home to have a little cry for a little while to deal with everything you process in such a short time.” However, fans of the series are often impressed by how well Nick keeps his emotions in check, even when he is faced with some of the toughest real-life stories head-on. DON'T MISS:Dan Wootton rages at ‘woke’ FA who want Three Lions banned [OPINION]The Last Kingdom’s Aelswith star recalls Alexander's final scene [INTERVIEW]Outlander boss shares disappointing update on season 7 episodes [UPDATE] He recalled: “But the biggest question people ask me is, ‘How come you don’t get emotional in it?’ “And the answer is I do, but I get off camera. Because I think, too often, presenters horn in on the emotional moment. “But the emotional moment is not about me, it’s about the people who need something and the people who did it for them. “My job is just to facilitate that and get out of the way so that happens.” Nick may be a DIY enthusiast, but he doesn’t have the expertise himself to ensure the show’s struggling guests have a safe and secure place to live. Instead, the presenter lets the crew take centre stage while he takes some time away from the camera to process the tougher side of the job. He added: “So you’ll quite often find me in a moment walking off behind the camera and having a couple of minutes before I come back.” DIY SOS returns to screens next Tuesday, so it won’t be long before BBC viewers find themselves reaching for the tissues. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One. DIY SOS returns Tuesday, May 10 on BBC One.