Many household appliances, when used regularly, can add hundreds to an energy bill. But, fortunately, there are ways to reduce the total cost. According to experts at Best Iron, typically, an electric iron will use between 800 to 2400 watts of power, which is higher than most household appliances. Fortunately, nearly all modern-day irons will specify their electricity usage either on the packaging or in the manual. So for those who were to use an electric iron that uses 1100 watts every day for 30 minutes, they will consume 550 watts per day, or 16.5 kWh on a monthly basis, which will be an electricity cost of around £2.80 per month (based on £0.17p per kWh) and just under £34 a year. For those who like to use a more powerful iron such as a steam generator model, the energy experts explained that this would accumulate to an electricity cost of about £4.50 per month, working out as £54 a year. Despite electrical irons only consuming around five percent of the total electricity cost in most households, it is pivotal that Britons choose the correct model to save and take the correct steps to reduce as much energy usage as possible. The energy experts explained: “In the modern-day of energy-efficient products, there are many electrical manufacturers that are constantly applying new energy-saving technologies to the latest home appliance tech. “With many movements centered around reducing energy usage and the world’s carbon footprint, which is great for the stability of the planet and also our wallets! READ MORE: Octopus Energy warning: Direct debit payments DOUBLE for thousands “For anyone looking into purchasing a new iron, it is important to try and take in as much information about the product as possible, acknowledging all of the technical attributes to make sure it is energy efficient, which will result in the iron being as cost-efficient as possible. “This is made much easier to do nowadays due to each product being required to have an ‘energy efficiency’ label on it.” Preparation is also key when it comes to saving time and money ironing. Experts at Saving advice explained: “It’s important to have a routine for everything you do regularly in your life. “Setting up the right routine can help save time. “Done correctly, it can also help you save money.” DON'T MISS: Patio weeds: How to kill patio weeds using 29p method - ‘fast-acting’ [EXPERT]Laundry: ‘Important’ tips to ‘properly’ wash duvets for ‘best results’ [TIPS]Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT] Removing clothes from the dryer immediately can also minimise the time needed to iron. The money-saving experts said: “Hang clothing neatly as soon as you remove it from the dryer. Therefore, you minimise wrinkles. “Even if you need to iron the item, you won’t have to spend nearly so much time doing it as you would if you had left the clothes in the dryer for days and allowed wrinkles to set in.” Those who tend to iron their linens, the trick here is to fold them rather than hang them. The experts added: “Remove them from the dryer promptly. Fold them on top of the warm dryer, smoothing them down so that they are crisp. “This typically eliminates the need to iron. At the very least, you won’t have to iron for long.” When ironing it is important to use the right heat setting to avoid wasting energy. The experts said: “You do not have to use the highest heat setting every time that you iron your clothing. In fact, each type of clothing does best with a specific level of heat. “If you use too much heat, you might even burn your clothing and have to replace it. “More than that, though, you’re just wasting your iron’s energy if you’re ironing with more heat than it requires. “Figure out the best heat setting for each of your clothing items.” Lastly, if your iron is dirty then you cause yourself unnecessary hassle. If they are dirty it “takes longer to iron clothes”, according to the energy pros. They continued: “Therefore, make sure that you begin with a clean iron. “Wipe the face of it down before you begin ironing. “If it’s a steam iron, check for mineral deposits before you start to iron. “If they’re on there, they can get steamed into the clothes, which can ruin your clothing. “Then you’ll have to buy more clothing, which is a waste of money.”