Meghan Markle's estranged sister Samantha appeared on Good Morning Britain via video link to chat with Charlotte Hawkins and Richard Madeley about her father's health. Last week, Thomas Markle had a stroke and is currently recovering in hospital, meaning he is not well enough to fly to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee. However, Samantha Markle had a lot to say about her sister and father's relationship. Richard managed to irk Samantha by asking "why should" Meghan reach out to her father following reports he was going to "doorstep" her and Prince Harry during the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. Although, following the segment, angry viewers took to social media to slam the host's interview technique. Others questioned why the show was giving Meghan's sister air time. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show When Richard asked Samantha whether the rumours were true about Meghan reaching out to her father, she quickly shut them down. "I heard rumours that she was trying to reach out to my dad's camp, but my brother and I are my dad's camp," she explained. "His phone number has never changed, his address has never changed and even though he can't speak, his language comprehension is perfect. "She could text him, she could contact him, he could text back so those rumours are not true." "That begs the question, doesn't it?" the host asked. "Why should she? Because we understand your father before he had his stroke was due to come here with the Jubilee news film crew and basically, he was going to stalk Harry and Meghan. "He was going to try and follow them around London with a film crew throwing questions at them if he could get near enough. "And he was planning on going to Frogmore which is where they live when they come and he was basically going to doorstep them with a film crew to get a reconciliation on camera. "It's all very showbizzy and very much in the public eye." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [SPOILERS]Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [INSIGHT]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [TRIBUTE] Samantha went on to shut down Richard's claims before the host interrupted her to explain where the reports came from. Taking to Twitter to slam the segment Ken Chisholm raged: "AMAZING !!! MADELEY MAKING WILD ACCUSATIONS! about Meghan Markle's father !! [suddenly out of nowhere !!] Outrageous ..." (sic) User @ReviewsNewsView said: "It annoys me so much that @GMB keeps giving Samantha Markle airtime. She is literally making money from not having spoken to someone in 6 years. Get a job if you are that desperate for cash! #GMB #MeghanMarkle #PrinceHarry." While Allie Gray fumed: "GMB Why do you keep having Markle's sister on? One second of seeing her jealous face and I've switched over to BBC."  "What a s*** stirring p**** you are Madeley," @Manman9999 tweeted. Pap Rika went on to say: "Richard Madeley, haven't you got anything better to do?" Misha Moller added: "Why would you invite her @GMB #richardmadeley is having a field day today." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.