The Duchess revealed her number one dish during an interview with BBC Radio 1 alongside William. Asked her what her favourite takeaway is, Kate replied: "Curry, definitely." She said that William wouldn't eat it with her, adding he is not a fan of spicy food. That was in 2017, but three years later during an appearance on BBC Radio Five Live’s That Peter Crouch Podcast, William was handed a takeaway curry from the footballer's local Indian restaurant in Ealing. Quizzed over his favourite dish, the Duke replied: "Chicken masala - love that. A bit of flavour. I'm not a vindaloo man, put it that way." The prince also told Radio 1 he found it hard to choose between pizza and Chinese food.  He also revealed he eats Nando's after being introduced to it by a police protection officer. In the BBC documentary, Football, Prince William and Our Mental Health, broadcast in May 2020, William stated: "Everyone loves a Nando's." Prince Harry is also known to have been partial to Nando's with The Mirror reporting in 2013 that he had picked up a chicken pitta with extra cheese from a branch in Fulham. Kate is also partial to a plate of pasta although this breaks a rule followed by the Queen.  READ MORE ABOUT A BREXIT PASSPORT ROW Her Majesty is said to steer clear of foods containing a lot of starch, including pasta, rice and potatoes. Former royal chef Darren McGrady said: "The Queen does not care much for pasta and bread and likes to eat meals containing fish or meat and vegetables instead." It is a rule which the Duchess of Cambridge has reportedly chosen to follow although it emerged in 2019 that Kate cooks cheesy pasta with her children, Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte. Matthew Kleiner-Mann, chief executive of the Ivy Learning Trust, said after the Duchess visited Lavender Primary School: "[The Duchess] was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her."  DON'T MISS: 'Chaos' hits Heathrow Airport as 'huge queues' stretch [LATEST] 'Is this what all fuss is about?' New Partygate photos mocked [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [REVEALED] Meanwhile, on Tuesday the Duke of Cambridge suggested men who are reluctant to look after their health could be offered a free pint in exchange for a check-up. William appeared to be only half joking when he put forward the idea to help tackle a problem with men who sometimes dismiss changes in their body until it is too late.  His comment came in the grounds of London's Royal Marsden Hospital when he toured the Man Van, a mobile clinic providing free health checks to men. William asked what the symptoms of prostate cancer were after admitting he did not know.  When told toilet habit changes was one factor, he said: "It's tricky when it's so subtle." He told advanced nurse practitioner Fionnuala McCarthy: "I have an idea that could go down very badly but it might be quite good - you could offer a free pint. "I think guys having a pint while you're having you blood test - that would be a great way of doing it." Dr Masood Moghul, a clinical research fellow collecting data from the men seen, said maybe they could look for funding for a coffee machine.   William replied: "You're going to have to think a bit imaginatively to get guys in here. "It's a kind of thing they'll do if there's a fun thing that goes with it, not too serious." William, who is president of the Royal Marsden, also watched a cutting-edge procedure to treat patients during his visit to the hospital. 