Thomas Tuchel is running the risk of repeating the defensive errors that led to one Chelsea legend claiming Frank Lampard was "going nowhere" during his reign. Lampard spent 18 months in charge of the Blues but his stint fell apart over the winter of 2020 as defensive errors plagued his side. It had seemed as if Tuchel had solved Chelsea's defensive issues, but they have now conceded eight goals in their last four games. The problem reared its ugly head again on Saturday when Wolves scored two late goals to claim a point at Stamford Bridge. If Tuchel cannot correct the course at the back, it leaves him at risk of following in the footsteps of Lampard. The Englishman's issues with building a solid defence led to Blues legend Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink branding his reign as "going nowhere". “It’s a big step but you don’t want to become a team that just reacts after the event. You want to become a team that does it straight away. They needed to react in this manner. It was always about that first goal can you get it as quickly as possible and then you will make them nervous. They did get it," Hasselbaink said after a 3-3 draw at West Brom in September 2020. READ MORE: New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly seen shaking his head after Wolves draw “And, yes, they were better in the second half, the intensity was higher but it’s still a work in progress. Giving chances away needs to stop otherwise you’re going nowhere. It was three defensive mistakes for three goals. They scored with their three attempts on target, which made it very difficult. "We controlled the game other than that. We had some chances and the question was how much character would we come out with second half. I always felt we could do it, but it is still two points lost. I would be stupid to say we can make three mistakes, give ourselves a mountain to climb and be happy with that." DON'T MISS:Thomas Tuchel responds to Christian Pulisic’s dad over deleted tweet (NEWS)Thomas Tuchel outlines desperate Chelsea measures after Rudiger exit (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'hold Chelsea transfer meeting' with 3 signings discussed (TRANSFERS) The situation that Hasselbaink described ultimatley cost Lampard his job and led to the arrival of Tuchel. But Chelsea only have the FA Cup to play for in the closing weeks of the season. But if they are to defeat Liverpool in the final, Tuchel will need to find a solution to his recent defensive troubles quickly. Otherwise, with new owners soon to take over, he could follow in the unwanted footsteps of Lampard.