Antonio Conte has struck back at Jurgen Klopp for making 'excuses' after the Liverpool boss criticised Tottenham's game plan in a 1-1 draw at Anfield on Saturday. The result made a huge dent in the Reds' Premier League title prospects, and Conte suggested that the emotion may have got the better of his managerial rival after a tense encounter. Klopp hit out at Spurs for 'sitting back' on Saturday, despite fielding a team full of 'world-class players'. Nevertheless, the game plan earned Conte and co a crucial point in their quest for fourth place. Having soaked up waves of pressure, Ryan Sessegnon set up Heung-min Son to tap home and stun the home crowd. Luis Diaz's deflected strike ensured that the game finished 1-1, but Manchester City's emphatic victory over Newcastle on Sunday opened up a three-point gap at the top of the table. Conte issued his own response to Klopp's emotional rant on Tuesday, saying: "Honestly, for the coach it is not simple after the game, you have to try to keep your head cool. Sometimes it is not easy and many times if you remember this season I was disappointed with the result and myself and my players. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola all but confirms Erling Haaland transfer - 'I'd love to talk'  "I have respect for Jurgen and I know he respects me a lot and this is a good chance for him and me to learn that during the game you never have to speak about your opponent. It is important to be focused on your team. "He was a bit frustrated after the game but at the same time for every coach it is important to be focused on your team, not the opponent. It means you want to find an excuse or an alibi because your job was wrong." DON'T MISSSeven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-upSolskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer After addressing the frustration of his managerial opponent on Saturday, attention quickly turned towards a crunch north London derby which is pencilled in for Thursday evening. An Arsenal victory would rubber-stamp their spot in next season's Champions League, while a Spurs win would drag them right back into contention. The Gunners are sure to put up a stern test with Eddie Nketiah in fine goal-scoring form. Four consecutive wins, including against Chelsea and Manchester United, have put them in the drivers' seat and while Conte acknowledged the magnitude of the match, he also praised Mikel Arteta for the work he has done at the Emirates. "We are talking about an important game," he added. "Important for many different situations.  "First we are playing this game for an important target. For a place in the Champions League. This is first, to try to win this game. I also know the importance for our fans of this derby, the north London derby. This is the first time they're playing this derby in their stadium with all the fans. "We have to try to get three points against Arsenal. We are talking about a good team, a really well organised team. Arteta is doing a really good job. He's had the possibility to work and improve his team. In this moment of the season it has to give us a big push."