Cristiano Ronaldo could be planning to start his coaching career at Manchester United after a new report claimed he had no intention of quitting the club and is "desperate to make them great again." The veteran striker has been United's best performer this season after returning to the club last summer. Ronaldo penned a two-year deal with the option of a third when he returned to Old Trafford last August, but there have been doubts over the 37-year-old's long-term future in the wake of United's disastrous season. Ronaldo had harboured hopes of winning silverware after returning to the club, but United have missed out on qualifying for the Champions League and are miles away from the Premier League's elite. However, the Portuguese superstar isn't planning to curtail his second stint at the club according to well-known transfer journalist Fabrizio Romano. Speaking to The United Stand, he denied Ronaldo wanted to leave the club, insisting: "Cristiano Ronaldo is not desperate to leave Man United. He is desperate to make Man United great again." Although Ronaldo's have shown no signs of waning, the veteran's illustrious career is winding down and the issues at Old Trafford are unlikely to be resolved anytime soon. But if Ronaldo is determined to help accelerate the club's journey back to the apex of English football, then he could decide to start his coaching badges with the club. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘counting on Nunez to lead attack’ in blow to Ronaldo The Sun claimed last September that although Ronaldo is confident he can play into his 40s, a coaching role at Old Trafford - where he would potentially work alongside his son, Cristiano Jr in the future - appealed to the ex-Real Madrid superstar. Although United's season has been a disaster, Ronaldo has been a huge hit since returning to the Premier League. The striker has plundered 24 goals in all competitions for United. Erik ten Hag is set to take over at Old Trafford in the summer after the Ajax chief was confirmed as the club's new manager last month. However, it remains to be seen if the Dutchman will see Ronaldo as part of his long-term plans. DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman AbramovichDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away A new report this week claimed that Ronaldo has told his United team-mates that he has no desire to quit the club in the summer - but there will be "no hard feelings" if Ten Hag decides against keeping him. A source told The Sun: "Ronaldo told the players he’s not going anywhere unless the club say they don’t want him. No one is more disappointed than him about how the season has panned out. But he doesn’t want to leave on a low and wants to help get the club back into the Champions League and try and win a trophy next year. “However, he has told them if the new boss wants to go in a different direction, then he will have no hard feelings and has no regrets about coming back to Old Trafford.”