Everybody enjoys a quick cleaning hack that takes the effort out of manually cleaning household appliances. Even if bought brand new, the average household kettle will develop a layer of limescale at some point after even just a few uses. But rather than scrubbing and washing the kettle using chemicals which could then wind up in hot drink, I came across a cleaning hack recommended by Mrs Hinch fans that uses lemons to remove kettle limescale in a matter of minutes, I knew I had to test it out. What’s more, it’s all-natural and non-harmful - you can’t get better than that. When I came across a hack on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tip Facebook page on which claimed to “work magic” and be “incredibly easy”, I decided to give it a go. The inside of my kettle was covered in thick deposits of limescale, which had all settled and become rock solid. After reading that boiling the kettle with lemons helps to remove the limescale, I got to work with researching the steps. I have used lemons around the house for cleaning various times but never when cleaning my kettle. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ I began by filling up the kettle just past the minimum line. I made sure not to add too much as I didn’t want the acidity of the lemons to be reduced. But it was also important to ensure there was enough water to fully cover all the problem areas that needed to be tackled. I then cut up a lemon into medium sized rounds and put them into the kettle. The next job was to set the kettle onto a full boil, while retaining the lemons inside. DON'T MISS: Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [TIPS]Gardening task that should ‘always’ be left to professionals [INSIGHT] Once boiled, I left the solution to stand for about 30 minutes before boiling the kettle for a second time. Finally, I rinsed out the kettle using cold water and all the limescale rinsed away without the need to scrub. I was amazed that something so cheap and simple could remove hard build up deposits of limescale. To ensure my kettle has a sparkling finish, I wiped it down using a microfibre cloth. As you can see from the pictures, the most unexpected products can be used as cleaning agents around your house. Lemon is just one of them, and its high citric acid content makes it a powerful domestic cleaner. This citrus fruit is so affordable, I picked up a bag of four for just 50p from Asda. Per lemon this worked out as less than 13p and the hack didn’t even require me using a whole lemon. When cleaning your kettle, homeowners will have to use their eyes as a guide of how often they will need to descale their kettle, as obviously, every appliance will differ depending on frequency of use. My kettle is used daily and embarrassingly hasn’t been cleaned for over a month. As a general rule, however, cleaning experts suggest that you should aim to clean your kettle once every three months or so to keep it running smoothly. Those who live in a hard-water area, limescale will gradually disrupt the heating element of your kettle. While this isn’t too harmful for human consumption, it means the appliance will start working less effectively and take longer to boil.