Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has received backlash after a string of tweets about immigrants and the housing crisis. In view of her 427,000 followers, Kirstie said on Friday: “To the people who think the housing crisis is down to ‘immigration’. “What about the fact that we are living much longer, and we don’t live in family units to such a degree, that 40 percent of marriages end in divorce and that far more people live alone than ever before?” Later on in the day, the presenter continued: “I love the idea that all these ‘immigrants’ are [marching] up the beaches with enough money to buy a house in the UK, average price £247,000! “There are many factors that have brought us to this point, and banging on about immigration does not get us anywhere.” She then added: “Do you think if we renamed ‘immigrants’ ‘fellow members of the British Empire’ some of the people tweeting me so charmingly might view them differently?” READ MORE:Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39  Her tweets did not go down well with many users, including one named William who remarked: “There is [no] British Empire Kirstie, try and keep up poppet.”  She penned: "I’ve got a great idea for a new TV show called Take them Home, in which a group of people retrace the journey taken by a few of the 'undocumented economic migrants who contribute nothing'. "I’m sure they’d cope with the whole experience admirably." Kirstie then said: "It’s really amazing how quickly you see into the dark depths when you suggest that 'immigrants' are not responsible for the housing crisis in the UK. "Of course the vast majority of respondents are anonymous/coward accounts." DON'T MISSPrince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home[LATEST]Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert[INSIGHT]Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour[NEWS]  Several users did come to Kirstie's defence, however, including Sarcastictvat who said: "It's so confusing. I never thought I'd be riding into battle for Kirstie Allsop. But here I am." Zoe echoed: "Er. An actually excellent take from… Kirstie Allsopp, everyone." And Snow proclaimed: "Kirstie Allsopp is *talking sense* in a series of tweets about immigration and being piled on by a bunch of rabid racists. I feel the need to defend her."