Katya Zamolodchikova and her fellow RuPaul's Drag Race season seven queen Trixie Mattel have joined forces for an all-new series of their hit WOW Presents Plus show UNHhhh. The duo have brought their unique and nonsensical humour to the new 30-part series of their talk show. Katya has exclusively opened up to Express.co.uk about the series and reflected on how much the drag scene has changed in her lifetime. Episodes of UNHhhh are watched by millions of viewers who have undoubtedly been looking forward to season seven of the chaotic chat show. Speaking about working alongside Trixie, Katya explained: "I know a lot of people get jealous when they are part of famous couples or comedy duos who get compared to each other with which one is more successful, but I am more than happy to play the sidekick, especially with me and Trixie. "She is totally out of control with her ambition and I am so thrilled to lay back and do a gig once in a while - if you need me call me. "I have a mindset where I don’t need to be competitive or feel like I am the better one, that is the number one recipe for disaster." READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Katya, who has been a drag queen for more than a decade, was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and raised in a Catholic household with an older brother and a younger sister. Reflecting on how much the drag scene has changed over the decades, the 40-year-old admitted: "People like myself came of age when drag was gross. "It was disgusting and offensive and it was a late-night activity and the overtones of [RuPaul's Drag Race] don’t really ring with a certain segment of the population." She added: "One of the most dramatic things which have changed is some people are able to make so much money and that was just not the case before, it created a whole new branch of the entertainment economy."   Katya continued: "Some people make their entire living online reacting to Drag Race, they have channels devoted to Drag Race and through adverts can make it their entire living. "I know seasoned performers who had to work their way up from the ground for Drag Race sometimes can feel a little bitter that these youngsters are kind of given a golden ticket, but they are not taking their jobs, it’s a new thing. "It’s just the show has created all these new opportunities, that is the biggest change." RuPaul's Drag Race has created seasons in Thailand, Spain, Australia, the UK, America and Holland, and has amassed a huge fanbase since it first aired a decade ago. DON'T MISS...University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round [LATEST]RuPaul net worth: Drag queen’s huge six-figure fortune unveiled [INSIGHT]Michelle Visage ‘could not predict’ Drag Race UK success [EXPLAINER]  When asked about drag growing in popularity in recent years, Katya said it is expanding towards a mainstream audience. However, Katya explained: "More and more people who are not gay or queer are becoming obsessed with it which is awesome. "I feel like for a lot of gay men it is not cool anymore, but as that happens the audience is expanding from lots of b****y gay guys who are not just screaming at the television because someone’s hem does not reach the floor. "It’s popular because it is so visually interesting to look at and there is a hugely competitive landscape on reality TV, it’s colourful, it’s crazy, it’s wild.  "The drama is soap opera-ish and you get to look at all these incredible outfits." With regards to her WOW Present Plus show UNHhhh Katya said she enjoyed designing her outfits for the latest series and had upped her style. Katya and Trixie launched their comedy show back in 2016 and the pair also tour together, with many of their live performances around America selling out in March. Episodes of UNHhhh season seven are available to watch on WOW Presents Plus. 