Arsenal signing Raheem Sterling this summer is 'impossible', reports claim. The Gunners have failed to qualify for the Champions League and Sterling will not join a club who are not competing in UEFA's elite club competition. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was hoping to lure the England international to the Emirates. He knows the player well from his time as assistant manager at the Etihad. Arteta has been credited with playing a big part in Sterling's development as a player. However, he will not be having a reunion with the 27-year-old this summer. The Telegraph says there is zero chance Sterling will become an Arsenal player in the upcoming window. The forward's contract at City expires at the end of next season, so he could leave the club if he does not sign an extension. READ MORE: Tottenham 'make Gabriel Jesus transfer move' after beating Arsenal to Champions League  However, the red half of north London will not be his destination. Arsenal finished fifth in the Premier League despite a 5-1 final day win over Everton. The damage had already been done in Arsenal's previous two league matches. Defeats to Tottenham and then Newcastle left Champions League qualification in the hands of their bitter rivals. Spurs only had to avoid defeat at Norwich on Sunday to seal fourth place and they ran out 5-0 winners. Sterling made just 23 starts in the Premier League this season, scoring 13 goals and registering five assists. Arsenal are keen on adding to their attack, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract this summer. But Sterling will not be joining. DON'T MISSKylian Mbappe staying at PSG could be great news for Arsenal in pursuit of top target [OPINION]Man Utd's five likeliest signings with Erik ten Hag era now set to commence [TRANSFERS]Cristiano Ronaldo ‘missed Man Utd farewell meal’ as Ralf Rangnick details emerge [REPORT]  Speaking after the win over Everton, Arteta said he had done all he can to get Arsenal back into the Champions League. But he admits some "clever" decisions need to be made by him and the club to claw back the gap to the teams above them. He told Arsenal media: "We have come very far, because it’s not only how many points we have made, it’s how we have made it. And the team that we had to make those points, that assessment has to be done in the right way, today is not the way to do it. "We have, I have tried to squeeze that lemon as hard as I possibly could. There wasn’t one more drop and I have done it with the passion and the love I have for this football club, because these guys deserve it. "Because I believe in them and because I think it’s the only way to try and compete with the teams that we have in front of us. Now we have to be more clever, quicker than them and catch some ground."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here