When it comes to painting your interiors, there are many popular tricks, tips, and trends to achieving the perfect finish. But what about when it comes to the outside? Your exterior is responsible for making a first and lasting impression on all who pass by your property – so it’s important to get it right. Those looking to create an impact that sets the tone for the rest of your scheme, then knowing how to paint a house’s exterior the professional way is the best place to begin and a part of getting that expert finish is knowing what you need to avoid. According to Alex Sinclair, director of product information at Sherin-Williams, the biggest mistake homeowners make occurs long before they even touch the paint brush. In fact, the process begins with your paint ideas at the buying stage. This is what every homeowner needs to know before painting the exterior of their home. Alex said: “The biggest mistake that can be made when determining which paint to use outside is not using a product formulated for exteriors.” When looking for paint colours for the home exterior, Alex urges homeowners to take time to research the quality and attributes of a specific paint to the environment in which it will be used. READ MORE: How to get a ‘smooth’ and ‘consistent finish’ when painting ceilings This is because regular interior paints are not designed to “take the heavy wear and tear an exterior receives from weather and other outdoor elements”. Alex added: “Many interior paints are formulated to provide washability, stain resistance, hide, coverage, and easy touch-ups. “However, with exterior coatings, durability is key.” Avoiding interior paints is a must, but what else do you need to look out for when selecting the right exterior paint for your home? DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Lawn care: How to improve the appearance of grass - ‘inexpensive’ [EXPERT]Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] The painting pro said: “The best exterior paints provide UV and weather protection, making them resistant to peeling, blistering, and cracking. “Homeowners should look for paints formulated to resist colour fade, chalking, mildew, and dirt, saving them money and time in maintenance in the long term.” For a lasting paint finish that will leave your neighbours envious, the expert adds that you should look for a coating with self-cleaning technology that sheds dirt on contact with rain or water. So, you can spend less time maintaining your home’s exterior and more time experimenting with new colour ideas inside. Painting experts at Lick agreed that homeowners need to choose the right paint for any exterior walls. They said: “Although many exterior house paints are multi surface, there are some that will stick better to certain surfaces. “Find the paint that will offer the best coverage and durability for the surface of your home.” Aside from just the stunning cosmetic transformation, good exterior paint is vital for your house and isn’t a home improvement project that should be overlooked. Exterior paint protects your home by giving it an extra layer against harsh weather, animals, and other things that can invade the architecture and penetrate the walls. Exterior paint can also protect your house’s siding against the wind and sun to preserve the life of your exterior walls. Instead of water finding its way through the cracks of the paint and into your home’s structure to create problems such as mould, rotting, and dampness, exterior paint can add an extra level of protection to keep out unwanted creatures and conditions. When painting the exterior, the experts said: “Make sure the weather is suitable for painting by choosing a nice, dry day. “Give yourself as much time as possible to get the job done.”