Cassandra Doyle and Diana Civil, aka The Style Producers, are leading interior stylists with over three decades of experience between them. The design experts were asked to help Wayfair redesign a new staycation retreat at Camber Sands. Having transformed a small, multi-functional caravan, now called Dixie Daydream, Cass and Diana shared their top interior design tips. When considering a room makeover, Cass and Diana have a process which they follow. They explained: “We start by really observing the space and treating it like a blank canvas. “Spatially, it’s imperative that you spend time to get a good overview of the look and feel of the space - its dimensions, whether it has natural light etc and all the practicalities that you need to consider for your project. “Once we have seen the space we then put together an initial concept and mood board which is an aspirational and inspirational overview of all the rooms and what we want to achieve. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home When considering a room makeover, Cass and Diana have a process which they follow. They explained: “We start by really observing the space and treating it like a blank canvas. “Spatially, it’s imperative that you spend time to get a good overview of the look and feel of the space - its dimensions, whether it has natural light etc and all the practicalities that you need to consider for your project. “Once we have seen the space we then put together an initial concept and mood board which is an aspirational and inspirational overview of all the rooms and what we want to achieve. “We work together online on a shared document so we can collaborate throughout the process. “We work together online on a shared document so we can collaborate throughout the process. “Once we have the ideas in place, we then order swatches for all the key items and work up the ideas into sketches and more detailed mood boards. “We always advise having swatches for flooring, paint, tiles, wallpaper and fabric rather than choosing these online as you need to see how the tones and textures work together. “It’s really important to be able to touch and feel the samples, especially if these make up a large portion of your budget.” DON'T MISS...Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [GUIDE]Gardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds [ADVICE]House prices: Will house prices drop in 2022? [EXPERT PREDICTIONS] The Style Producer's top tips for designing a small space: The stylists said: “People often believe smaller spaces call for more pared back designs and pale colours. “But we disagree – adding colour and pattern to even the smallest of spaces can add personality and character and is a great way of tapping into the maximalist aesthetic. “The smallest ‘Jump into bed’ dark floral bedroom [in the Camber Sands redesign] is the perfect example of going big in a small space. “By using bold colour and punchy patterns we have created maximum effect in a minimum space.” “Even with a maximalist ‘more is more’ scheme we would suggest having a cohesive colour palette as your starting point and then layer with a contrasting pattern and texture. “We chose lilac, pink and mustard as our key colours and have complimented them with our stand out navy carpet which pulls the scheme together perfectly. “Being confident and generous with colour is the secret to success.” “Accessories are a game-changer,” Cass and Diana said. “They add that final flourish to every surface and are great for expressing your own unique style. “Mix old and new to add whimsy and individuality to your scheme and never settle for ‘on trend’ items if you don’t love and want to enjoy them every day.” Located at Camber Sands in East Sussex, UK, Dixie Daydream was created by ‘The Style Producers’. Fuelled by their love of all things interiors, the pair stepped up to the challenge of transforming a simple static caravan using Wayfair's wide range of unique furniture and decor and home renovation products. The project provided an opportunity for the duo to flex their creativity - pouring personality into the transformed space which embraces a joyful maximalist style. The perfect space for a long weekend, the caravan offers accommodation for up to six adults with two double bedrooms and one twin bedroom. Making for a memorable and stylish British staycation by the seaside, you can book Dixie Daydream here. Filled with statement decor, furniture and accessories and DIY hardware, shop the look at Wayfair.co.uk.