Ukraine has become a war-torn country as Russian President Vladimir Putin was determined to take control, launching the invasion in February 2022. While the war continues, the Eurovision Song Contest on BBC One will go ahead with Ukraine still taking to the stage. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the Eurovision act representing Ukraine this year. The Eurovision Song Contest will this year be held in Turin, Italy, after the country was at the top of the leaderboard in 2021. Italy won thanks to rock band Måneskin who wowed viewers around the world with their song Zitti E Buoni. They have since gone on to release several hit records, including I Wanna Be Your Slave and a cover of Beggin'. While the competition will be set in Italy, all eyes will most surely be on the Ukrainian entry. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Selected to represent Ukraine as the Eurovision 2022 entry is folk-rap collective Kalush Orchestra. Consisting of six members, the orchestra will fuse folk and hip-hop to perform their song Stefania to millions on TV. Their entry is an anthem dedicated to the band's lead singer Oleg Psyuk's mum. Psyuk has spoken out about Kalush Orchestra representing their home country during these devastating times. "Right now, there is a war in our country, [Eurovision's] even more relevant because people are looking for something that is purely Ukrainian, something that contains the ethnic code", Psyuk told Sky News. "It's so important to keep Ukrainian culture popular...and Eurovision is a very good platform for that. "We are now talking on behalf of our country and being heard on behalf of our country. "And music is a very good way to reach this goal and the attention is quite big at the moment. "We feel it as a big responsibility because this is the way that we can be of use to our country, and that's why it's so important for us to be here right now." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' [REACTION]Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [EXPLAINER]UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space... [INTERVIEW] When the band members are not preparing for the Eurovision stage, they are fighting for their country's freedom. They are currently splitting their time between fighting in Kyiv and representing Ukraine in the global singing competition. Unsurprisingly, Kalush Orchestra is the current favourite in this year's entertainment contest. According to bookmakers Betfair, Ukraine has 4/6 odds of winning with Italy in second with 4/1 and then Sweden with 6/1. The UK has been far from lucky in recent years when it comes to the Eurovision Song Contest but things are looking up in 2022. The UK is coming in at 9/1, making the country, as it stands, the fourth most likely to win the show. Representing the UK will be singer Sam Ryder with his song Space Man, who originally shot to fame with his song covers on TikTok in 2020. The Eurovision Song Contest final will air on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.