Jurgen Klopp has spoken out about the state of the Stade de France pitch after it was only laid down on Thursday - with the German hero claiming it is 'good news'. Concerns were had after a last-minute relay of the Stade de France pitch was administered ahead of the crunch clash in the French capital on Saturday night. UEFA confirmed in February that the event would be moved from the Gazprom Arena in Saint Petersburg to Paris amidst the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia. Organisers have since rushed to get the stadium ready in a bid to host the final, but a serious backlog of events meant that the pitch was not laid until 1am on Thursday, according to the Telegraph. It was meant to be completed for France vs Denmark, which is set be held on June 3. But the late decision gave stadium organisers jitters over whether it would be completed in time - yet Klopp has claimed the pitch is okay to play on, insisting he would have 'played on concrete' if such an event had to occur.  READ MORE: Man Utd hero Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions - 'Expect them to be gone' "Usually when the pitch looks new, it's good news," Klopp said. "This is new since yesterday. Not the best news but we will do a normal session as planned. "I saw the refs with their session. The ball drops normal. Somebody thought it would be a good idea to bring a new pitch the day before the game. It's an interesting idea but didn't kill my mood. Both teams have the same circumstances so I'm fine with it. I would have played on concrete.  DON'T MISSArsenal 'outbid West Ham' with Aaron Hickey offer as transfer business begins[GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game' [QUOTES]Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star[OPINION] With both sides set to train on the hallowed turf, Klopp did not seem overly bothered about his team's preparations. And with Los Blancos scheduled to train after them, the former Borussia Dortmund boss told a press conference that he hoped people did not believe he was moaning about the situation. "Real Madrid will train after us. You will hear the same from Carlo," he said. I have no idea how bad or good it is. You don't care if you win. We will go on it and maybe it is fine. I hope no-one makes a story I am moaning. I am not."