Ahead of his return to the UK, a royal expert has warned Prince Harry that his brother William is “angry” and his father Charles is “sad” about his actions. Royal commentator Camilla Tominey said relations between Harry and his wife Meghan Markle and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are still quite “distant”. She said: “I don't know what the Cambridges are thinking about [Meghan and Harry] being at the Platinum Jubilee right now because we know that relations between both couples still remain quite distant.” Speaking about Charles, she said: “Of course, Prince Charles, the only emotions that have ever been used by him and his people about how he's reacted to things like the Oprah interview are sadness rather than anger. So, Dad is sad. I think his brother is angry and sad." Speaking to the Telegraph, Ms Tominey added: “But as was the case with Prince Philip's funeral, brave faces will be put on proceedings.” Express.co.uk readers were asked whether William and Charles should welcome Harry back with open arms. In a poll that ran from 10am on Sunday, May 22, to 11am on Wednesday, May 25, Express.co.uk asked: “Should William and Charles welcome Harry back with open arms?” A whopping 17,380 people answered with the overall response – winning by a landslide of 97 percent (16,776 people) – being “no”, William and Charles should not welcome Harry back with open arms. Meanwhile, three percent (502 people) said “yes” and just 102 people said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their views on Harry’s return. One reader, username Immortality said: “No! Charles and William should keep them at arm's length and even further. “They cannot forget what the duo have said about them and the Royal Family in general.” Username SylviaofScotland said: “Neither Prince Charles nor William should trust Harry ever again.” Username VPH said: “Why on earth should Charles and William welcome them back, family or not.” And username Bristolboy7 wrote: “Harry and [Meghan] Markle have repeatedly made their rejection of the UK abundantly clear – no way back now.” The couple is expected to travel to the UK with their two children, three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet. The couple said in a statement released by their spokesperson they were “excited and honoured” to attend the celebrations. Royal historian Dr Ed Owens suggested that the invitation could be seen as the Queen attempting to heal divides in the family. He said: “This would seem to me to be an attempt at reconciliation. “The Queen would prefer, as she nears the end of her reign, that old wounds are healed and that she leaves Prince Charles to take on the leadership of a family that is functioning and cohesive, even if some members of the family are no longer working royals.” DON'T MISS'She's no fool' Queen is 'breaking free from past' as she prepares William and Kate [LATEST]Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [VOTE]Royal fans warned of 'last major public occasion' they will see Queen as health fears grow [INSIGHT]  However, some readers said Harry and Meghan should not be included in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Username DorothyDay said: “The Queen has stated that Harry and Meghan are much-loved members of her family. “I can accept that sentiment from a grandmother and understand that she would wish to include them in family activities. That is her role as a grandmother. “However, she also has a much larger role as a Monarch and head of the House of Windsor. That role demands that she provides the leadership and wisdom to guide and defend the UK without fear or favour.” They added: “To include Harry and Meghan in any of the public jubilee celebrations in a prominent role will be a serious mistake.”  Another, username Teuchtar2 said: “I am not against reconciliation between them but in no way do I want either Harry or Meghan representing either my monarchy and most definitely my country.”