The bug has mainly been reported in young children across Wales, though some adults have also been affected. The illness stems from a germ called cryptosporidium which can be caught from farmyard animals - especially lambs, calves and goat kids - through contact with infected faeces and other bodily fluids.  Germs can also be caught from the animal's bedding, fencing or by stroking their fur, reports Wales Online. Public Health Wales added that it is also possible that infection can be picked up from other contaminated surfaces in a farm park, such as bouncy castles or sand pits, as well as the wider countryside. Dr Robert Smith from the Public Health Wales Communicable Disease Surveillance Centre said: "Animal petting and lambing events are popular with families and they are a great way to see more of the countryside and experience working life on a farm. "However, it is important that everyone follows good hand hygiene advice to limit the transmission and spread of infectious diseases. "Good hand washing after coming into contact with farm animals, their bedding or dirty equipment or clothing is really important in preventing infection. "Although the number of people seriously affected by contact with farm animals is low, it is important that everyone, especially parents of younger children and pregnant women, are aware of the potential risks. "Pregnant women or those with an underlying health condition including immunosuppression should avoid animal contact. "Infection can also be passed on from animal bedding and fencing or by stroking their fur, consumption of animal food, or ingesting dirt from the environment. "People are encouraged to contact their GP if they experience diarrhoea, especially bloody diarrhoea, watery diarrhoea, fever or flu-like symptoms and explain they have been in contact with a farm or with animals. "GPs are encouraged to submit faecal specimens from patients who may have had animal contact and to indicate this on the request form." Public Health Wales said several of the recent cryptosporidium cases have visited open farms just before becoming ill, where further investigations and environmental sampling are taking place. The NHS trust has issued some simple hygiene precautions to remember: