Emmerdale chef Marlon Dingle (played by Mark Charnock) has been the centre of a major storyline in the ITV soap after he suffered a stroke. Not only has the Dingle favourite had to overcome the aftermath of his illness, but he has also struggled to come to terms with returning home from hospital. While Rhona (Zoe Henry ) returned back to work, her mother Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) stayed at home to look after Marlon. However, according to official Emmerdale spoilers, things are about to get worse for the chef after he suffers another setback. In previous weeks, Mary decided it would be a good idea for Marlon to get some fresh air. Bear (Joshua Richards) and Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) took Marlon to the allotment in the hopes of cheering him up. Although, despite having a great time, Marlon took a turn when his cough got out of control. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut A worried Liam and Bear decided to call an ambulance and poor Marlon was carted back off to hospital. "These I grew on a window ledge from seeds," Liam told Marlon. "I reckon they'd be alright to plant now, what do you think?" Bear replied: "I reckon we'd be free of frost now, I've got this ground all freshly turned over ready for planting." "Are you ok?" a concerned Liam said to Marlon as he struggled to breathe. "I don't think he is very good," the GP continued as Bear replied: "Maybe we should take him home." "I think we need to take him to the hospital," Liam added before Bear asked whether he should call an ambulance. The GP decided it would be quicker to drive the chef to hospital instead. When Mary and Rhona heard about Marlon, they rushed to the hospital to see what had happened. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double  [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [VIDEO] "Has he had another stroke?" Rhona asked the doctor as he replied: "No. "They have run some tests and Marlon has developed aspiration pneumonia." "What does that mean?" Mary asked. "Is that serious?" Liam explained: "I'm afraid so, it would be dangerous without Marlon's condition, but after a stroke it's obviously even worse. "It's not do with a temperature, they think some food got caught in lungs long that's what's causing infection." The doctor proceeded to tell Marlon's loved ones that the next 24 hours would be crucial. In upcoming scenes, Mary tries to reassure a nervous Marlon as he prepares to return home after recovering from pneumonia. Marlon’s anxious as his physiotherapist, Kit arrives at Smithy Cottage to assist him with the next stage of his recovery. However, Marlon is left deflated when he struggles with his physio session. When Kit recommends painting to rehabilitate his motor control, Marlon’s quick to reject the idea. It is clear to see that Marlon is struggling to cope with his rehabilitation. However, will he decided to give up for good when it all gets too much for him? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.