Gary Neville has jokingly backed Richarlison after the Brazilian told Jamie Carragher to 'wash his mouth' before speaking about him or Everton. The 25-year-old, who netted in Thursday night's 3-2 comeback triumph over Crystal Palace, sent a late-night tweet to the Sky Sports pundit following recent criticism of Richarlison's petulance.  Carragher had urged the forward to 'get up' after he went to ground in the 2-0 Merseyside derby defeat to Liverpool in April. Since then, Richarlison has been keen to make his feelings clear and he considered Everton's survival the perfect opportunity to respond. He posted: "@Carra23 wash your mouth before you talk about me and Everton and I don't respect you." Neville then got in on the act, replying: "Know how you feel mate." READ MORE: Liverpool vs Wolves integrity concerns raised over Diogo Jota transfer clause Carragher was surprisingly calm with his response, writing: "I actually quite like this, if Twitter was about when I was a player I’m sure I would’ve called pundits out quite a lot!" Liverpool journalist Peter Harvey responded to Richarlison's post by writing: "Bloody love football! Will Carra take it lying down…?" To which Carragher replied: "I stay loyal to fellow Crosby neighbours!!" Richarlison has really stepped up in recent weeks to help drive Everton towards safety. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football He netted a crucial equaliser in the 1-1 draw with Leicester to earn his side a precious point. It was later followed up with a decisive winner in the 1-0 triumph over Chelsea in what would prove to be an integral three points for Frank Lampard. Despite losing the game, Richarlison was also on the scoresheet in the 3-2 defeat to Brentford last Sunday before striking in the 3-2 victory over Palace. Everton had trailed 2-0 at the break but turned things around after goals from Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin to send Goodison Park berserk. Victory confirmed Everton's place in next season's Premier League as Burnley and Leeds scrap it out on the final day of the campaign. The Clarets will be safe if they beat one of the division's most improved teams in Newcastle at Turf Moor following their 1-1 draw at Aston Villa. Meanwhile, Leeds travel to Brentford looking to pull off a final-day scalp. Everton finish their season at Arsenal, in a game that could yet have implications for the top-four race.