Painting a room is a popular project for budding DIYers. It’s quick, easy, relatively inexpensive, and can be a fantastic creative outlet. The painting process is pretty painless if you start with a plan of attack. Knowing where you want to start and end up, will stop you from running into hurdles, while also providing you with a wonderful sense of accomplishment at the end. Experts at The Paint Shed have shared their top tips on the correct order to paint a room. The painting experts explained: “Painting in the right order will make the process easier, as well as help you avoid any mistakes along the way.” Painting in the wrong order can make the DIY task a nightmare. Once the room is ready to paint its best to work from top to bottom, start on the ceiling and work your way down, explained the painting gurus. They said: “Start by stirring your paint well and then on a secure ladder cut in along the ceiling with a brush. “Then using a roller attached to an extension pole you can paint the rest of the ceiling. “Repeat this process when painting the walls, use a brush for the edges and then a roller, remember to work from the top to the bottom.” When painting doors and windows use a small paintbrush, apply at least two coats of woodwork paint and remember to allow adequate drying time between coats. READ MORE: Property: How to achieve a quick house sale using paint Last but not least is the skirting boards. After sanding any cracks and taping off where the wall and skirting meet, the experts suggest applying two coats of gloss, satin, or eggshell paint with a small paintbrush. Then remove the tape and you are done. However, before picking up painting tools there are a few steps to follow. When starting any painting project, it’s important to first ensure that the surfaces are in good condition. If there are considerable flaws or signs of wear and tear you may need to do a bit of sanding and filing of any cracks and holes. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT]Davina McCall's quiet life at her new Tunbridge Wells home [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘important’ tip to plant rhododendrons [TIPS] Paint tester pots are also a good way to try out a colour before you invest in it. Next start by planning how you want your room to look. The experts highlighted that homeowners “are not limited to a single colour”, instead they can opt for complementary colours, contrasting colours, accent colours or whatever colour scheme suits their home and personal taste. The painting pros said: “Adding colour to highlight mouldings, windows and doors can also be a great way to flesh out a room. “When deciding what colour you want to use, try to imagine how you want the room to feel. Warm or cool? Clean and calm or bright and playful? “This will help you land on a colour family, once you have that you can pick colours based on how they will interact with your furniture, art and the rest of the house.” The experts noted: “Paint colours can look different when dried or at different times of the day, for this reason, we always recommend testing out a few colours before making a final decision. “Creating a mood board is a fun way to create your colour scheme too. “Try pairing your paint samples with soft furnishings already in the room or alongside potential fabrics and textures if you're redecorating the entire room including curtains, cushions and furniture.” Every project is different and Britons may need different materials and accessories depending on their paint, design and the condition of their surfaces, but here is a basic guide to what is needed: Next, homeowners should work out how much paint you will need. If they are unsure, there are calculators available to help plan this. It’s always best to order a little more paint than you need so you have some excess paint for touch-ups later. Once this is decided you can proceed to prepping your room, according to experts. The explained: “Start by emptying the room of all furniture or alternatively you can push it all to the centre. “Cover the floor and your furniture with a drop cloth or a plastic sheet to avoid any paint splatter. “Next, you should apply painters tape or masking tape to the walls, on the corners, doors, light switches, windows and mouldings. “This will make the painting process easier but if you're confident you have a steady hand you can skip this step.”