Health Secretary Sajid Javid is expected to publish a damning report on the tobacco industry as part of ministers' bold ambition to make the UK smoke free by 2030. According to the Government website, leaders have made good long-term progress in reducing smoking rates to their lowest ever level. However, there are still believed to be around six million smokers in England and smoking is still one of the largest drivers of health disparities. The Government reported that tobacco is the single largest cause of preventable mortality and 64,000 smokers died from smoking in 2019. The Tobacco Control Plan, which is set to be published later this year, is expected to suggest that the legal age to buy cigarettes should be increased to 21.  The legal smoking age, which is currently 18, could also be increased if Mr Javid implements the recommendations. The report commissioned by the Health Secretary is also set to back new taxes on tobacco company profits. The report has been drawn up by former charity boss Javed Khan who supports the "polluters pay" ideal which means tobacco companies should pay for the cost of anti-smoking policies. Speaking about Mr Khan's plans, a source said: "The stance he’s taken in the meetings I’ve had with him has been quite radical."  READ MORE: High cholesterol: Swelling in three areas may signal narrowed arteries Mr Khan reportedly wishes to increase the legal age to 25 - but sources expect the age will most likely be changed to 21. It comes after smoking among younger people, aged 18-30, shot up by 25 percent during the first lockdown despite smoking rates falling steadily for the past 20 years, according to the Office for National Statistics. As well as potentially increasing the legal smoking age to 21, the Government are also set to make vaping and e-cigarettes more accessible as an alternative to cigarettes. Taxes on the tobacco industry could also help raise as much as £700 million annually, which could reportedly be used to provide e-cigarettes on the NHS to help Brits quit the bad habit. DON'T MISS: Tory candidate quits after calling teen girls 'creamy and buttery' [INSIGHT]'Pathetic!' Brexiteer slams Boris for 'knifing civil servants' [ANALYSIS]Booze, vomit, punch-ups and parties - Boris has betrayed Brexit [COMMENT] An insider added: "Sajid Javid is interested in health inequality and he is interested in tackling public health issues, but the Government is in hock to right-wing MPs. "On tobacco, they are still nervous about some kind of nanny state attack.” The Government said the pandemic shone a light on the inequalities and health disparities across the country including smoking which causes a disproportionate burden on the most disadvantaged families and communities. Mr Khan said: "I am very pleased to be leading this review into such an important area of public health. My independent findings will help highlight key interventions which can help the government achieve its ambitions to be smoke-free by 2030 and tackle health disparities." 