The singer played beloved character Charlene Robinson during the 1980s and famously married Jason Donovan's character, Scott. To mark the iconic Australian soap coming to an end, the duo will return to the show.  The Can't Get You Out Of My Head singer admitted her return was "emotional". The singers will return to Ramsay Street to bid farewell to the popular soap, which will be coming to an end after 37 years. Kylie's role boosted her into the spotlight and enhanced her career as a pop superstar. "It was lovely and emotional," the 53-year-old stated when asked about her return to Neighbours. "Driving into Ramsay Street was quite something." Talking to Today Extra, she continued: "Firstly, where's all that time gone? "Secondly, everything looks exactly the same. Thirdly, Scott, Charlene, Jane, Harold - it all just came flooding back." Keeping her lips sealed about her final appearance, she remarked that there would be "a lot of talk about memories." Kylie's return was announced by the soap's executive producer Jason Herbison, who took to social media to share the news. He told Instagram: "Scott and Charlene are the ultimate Neighbours couple and it would not feel right to end the show without them. "We are thrilled that Jason and Kylie have come home to play a very special part in our series finale. It has been an emotional experience for them, for us and I'm sure it will be for our viewers." Fans felt mixed feelings towards the announcement. Joise_and_thegang wrote: "I'm excited about this but so sad this iconic show is coming to an end." "I want Rachel and Zeek," penned VanillaThickShake. Ciarahughes1 remarked that she was "So happy" with the news. Luucy_barp added: "So excited but so sad at the same time!" Taylor_lewiss commented: "They're all coming back!!" It comes as Neighbours was axed from Channel 5 in a shock announcement which came earlier this year. Fremantle Media confirmed they were stopping the soap in June, with the final scenes being aired in the summer. Kylie and Jason were last seen on the soap in 1988, and fans are looking forward to seeing what their characters have been up to. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5. 