Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta hailed his two goalscorers after his side beat West Ham 2-1 on Sunday. Rob Holding and Gabriel scored for the Gunners as they moved back above Tottenham into fourth place in the Premier League table.  Arsenal came out on top in a feisty encounter at the London Stadium. Holding opened the scoring in the first half with his first-ever Premier League goal. Jarrod Bowen equalised just before half-time, with his effort deflecting in off Gabriel. But it was Gabriel who put Arsenal back in front. Less than 10 minutes into the second half, the Brazilian joined Holding on the scoresheet for Arteta's side. Holding was named man of the match by the Sky Sports commentary team for his defensive display as well as his goal.  READ MORE: Man City decide Gabriel Jesus price tag as Arsenal plot summer bid  The former Bolton defender came into the side in place of the injured Ben White. And Arteta was keen to single out the 26-year-old after the match. Speaking to BBC Sport, Arteta said: “I am really happy, especially for Rob Holding as he hasn’t played the amount of minutes he deserves. "He was man of the match today. He is always there when we need him."  DON'T MISSHaaland to Man City transfer 'guaranteed' after Guardiola 'agrees new contract' [RUMOUR]Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson slammed 'one of the worst' as part of his game called out [QUOTES]Man Utd 'make swap deal offer to sign Lautaro Martinez' but Erik ten Hag faces setback [GOSSIP]  And in his post-match press conference, Arteta again praised Holding. He said: "To good people, good things happen." Arteta was also complimentary of Holding's centre-back partner. It was Gabriel's fourth Premier League goal of the season. Arteta said: "I think he’s grown so much as a character. Defending and now scoring really important goals for us." The Gunners boss admitted it was not a pretty performance from his side. However, the victory was what was most important. He added: “You have to find a way to win and today we won ugly. We have to recognise that is the way we had done it. "We showed incredible spirit because when we could play the way we wanted to play we had to find a way to play the way they prefer. We adapted. You have to find a way to win all the time to win - forcing mistakes, being brilliant, digging in, clean sheets." Arsenal are back in fourth, two points clear of Tottenham, with four games of the season remaining. Leeds visit the Emirates next Sunday in their next match. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 