Tottenham hero Harry Kane improved on his own record of scoring the most north London derby goals of all time with his brace on Thursday night as he sent the home crowd “wild” against Arsenal. Spurs were in scintillating form in the capital as they dominated from start to finish on their way to earning a 3-0 victory. Tottenham went in to their clash with the Gunners knowing that a defeat would end their hopes of securing a top four Premier league finish. And the hosts got off to the perfect start as Kane thrashed the ball into the back of the net from the penalty spot midway through the opening period after Son Heung-min had been bundled to the ground. “He has been silent for the first twenty minutes, Harry Kane,” remarked Manchester United icon Gary Neville on Sky Sports' commentary after the first goal of the evening. “But he has sent the keeper the wrong way and sent this crowd absolutely wild.” Arsenal then went down to 10 men just after the half-hour mark as Rob Holding was shown a second yellow card for catching Son in the face with an elbow. And Spurs took advantage of their numerical advantage as Kane stooped in at the back post to head home a second goal. READ MORE: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah   Kane’s second goal of the evening means he has now struck an incredible 13 goals in 17 north London derbies. That’s three goals more than Bobby Minter and Bobby Smith both managed against the Gunners during their days wearing the Tottenham shirt. Spurs put the game to bed two minutes after the interval as Son got his name on the scoresheet. And Antonio Conte’s men looked comfortable throughout the second period as Arsenal failed to find a way back into the contest.   Tottenham’s victory means they are now just one point behind Mikel Arteta’s men with two matches remaining. Spurs can go above the Gunners if they beat Burnley in the Sunday lunchtime game and will be looking to set up a nervy season finale at Carrow Road a week later as they face Norwich, who have already been relegated. Arsenal, meanwhile, travel to Newcastle on Monday night, before bringing the curtain down on their season with a home clash against Frank Lampard’s Everton next Sunday. The Gunners still have a top four Premier League finish in their own hands, despite Thursday’s loss. And if Arteta’s side can win their two remaining encounters, they will secure their place in next season’s Champions League.