During lockdown in 2020, Susan, 70, started playing scrabble online to pass the time. She was not looking to meet anyone, but started playing with a man who used a fake identity and alias ‘Brook William’. They started a relationship and she eventually sent him over £17,000. She said: “He sort of love bombed me if you like. It was nice that somebody was actually talking to me and paying me compliments. So yeah I was flattered.” On the BBC programme For Love or Money today, Kym Marsh and Ashley John-Baptiste uncovered the truth about the so-called Brook William in an effort to help Susan draw a line under the horrific online romance fraud she had fallen victim to. Susan explained that Brook claimed to be a deep sea diver who was born in America. He said he was based in Oslo with his 11 year old son but frequently travelled for work. He told her that his last work trip would be his last as it was well paid. She claimed that he asked her for money after three weeks of communication. READ MORE: Angela Rippon 'staggered' as Scottish Power saddles man with £3,000 debt that isn't his Susan refused. She did however help him with food costs but this didn’t stop him asking for large sums to fix his diving equipment. She added: “He came back to me saying the boat had run out of diesel and could I send him money for that and then he sent me pictures of him and the boat.” Brook kept asking for money to cover fuel and equipment, repairs and more. At this stage, Susan had given him around £8,000 and the figure kept rising. During their relationship, Susan was also sending money to Brook’s child, Alex who Brook said was staying with his nanny in Oslo. Whilst Brook was working overseas, he asked Susan to stay in touch with Alex on his behalf. She contacted Alex’s nanny and she told her that Alex was in hospital, and she needed help paying his medical bills until Brook got home. Susan paid for their medical bills and accommodation too. Eventually she had sent Brook over £17,000. After investigating Susan’s case, Ashley found that she was on the end of a sophisticated scam. He found that the scammer was using fake photographs of someone else online and posing as ‘Brook William’. Before finding out the truth , Susan told Kym and Ashley that the scammer had called her the night prior and admitted to lying about their identity. They said they were a financial investor that had put all of Susan’s money in Bitcoin, and that one day she would get her money back. Ashley warned Susan against recovery scams as her details may have been passed on to other people who are just trying to take more money from her by promising to get her stolen money back. Susan said: “I’ve beaten myself up about it. I just couldn’t risk the fact that it was true and this child was in need.” Ashley found that all the photographs and documents Brook had sent her had been fabricated. The scammers stole the identity of an innocent man and child. Susan continued: “I feel like an idiot. “I don’t think I’m the only person he’s done this to whoever he is. There’s probably more than one of them working at it. “I just think they are the lowest of the low to do that, especially to someone who they know is vulnerable and has not a lot of money. “That’s disgusting, no morals at all.” For Love or Money is available on BBC iPlayer.