Married At First Sight Australia remains a huge hit over in the UK and fans have just caught up with season nine. Now the reality TV series has come to an end, they are keen to find out more about previous couples. Belinda Vickers and Patrick Dwyer were part of the previous season, so what happened to them? Fans of the quirky dating series were taken aback when they discovered Patrick and Belinda were no longer together. Throughout the whole experiment, they were seen as one of the strongest and most happy couples of the series. Back in 2021, they announced their split on Instagram, saying: "We do not want the same things in love and life.” Belinda spoke to the Australian magazine Who about the breakup, adding: "We had obviously clicked when we first met and so we didn’t give up on our relationship easily. "We gave it a good go, but unfortunately our differences were just too big to overcome." READ MORE: Are Tamara and Mitch from MAFS Australia dating? As for where Belinda is now, she is now sporting firey red hair and is living her best life with her friends. Fans fell in love with her huge transformation and she has continued to post photos of her best looks on Instagram. Revealing her new look, she said: "Whoever said blondes have more fun, obviously never went red! "I'm so excited to show you all more of my fun and creative style #funfashion #vintagevibes."  In May 2021 she shared a photo of herself with Patrick, and he is seen kissing her on the cheek. She said: "Eight months ago today I walked down the aisle and ‘married’ you." Since their breakup, she has appeared solo in all of her photos and is loving a life of fashion and travel. As for Patrick, he has not been active on social media since November 2021. DON'T MISS... Ella and Brent MAFS Australia: Are Ella and Brent dating? [INSIGHT] MAFS Australia experts accused of 'open hostility' toward couple [DISCUSSION] Melissa MAFS Australia: Where is Married at First Sight star now? [EXPLAINER] In his latest post, he revealed he had gotten his first-ever tattoo. He said: "Today I got my first ever tattoo done! I had wanted to get a tattoo for a while and today I finally went ahead with it. "Massive thanks to @sharpytheblade for doing an amazing job. If anyone is in Melbourne wanting a tattoo, make sure you hit him up." The intricate arm tattoo depicts a boat out at sea, with a compass. Saleswoman Belinda said the couple's breakup was not an easy decision for the pair to make. She said: "I hadn’t been in a relationship before I got together with Pat but if something isn’t right, I realised that it’s better to make the call to end it sooner rather than later. "It’s been an incredibly difficult time though.” They may not be together but the pair parted ways on good terms, with plenty of respect for one another. Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on ALL4