Gary Lineker has sent Real Madrid a reality check after Kylian Mbappe snubbed the La Liga giants to agree a blockbuster contract extension at Paris Saint-Germain. Mbappe has signed a new three-year deal at PSG, ending a long-running saga during which Real seemed certain to lure their latest Galactico to the club. The 23-year-old forward will become the highest-earning footballer in history on a reported salary worth £1million per week. He is also understood to be in line for a staggering £100m signing-on bonus, with freedom over his image rights and performance-based bonuses. Lineker, a former Barcelona star, has sent a message to Real, stating the two Spanish giants 'can't always have things their own way' after becoming accustomed to attracting football's biggest names. He believes there has been an overreaction to Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, particularly the details of his new contract. He tweeted: "I love Spanish football, but the bleating about @KMbappe staying at @PSG_English ruining the sport is a bit much. The 2 Spanish giants have always attracted and paid enormous sums for the game's superstars. No one else got a look in. Can't always have things your own way." JUST IN: Roger Federer played vital role in Man Utd winning CL final Earlier on Saturday, Lineker shared his initial reaction to the news that Mbappe would be snubbing Real in favour of a PSG stay. The Match of the Day presenter admitted he wasn't 'surprised' by his decision for three different reasons... "So @KMbappe is to stay at @PSG_English. Not overly surprised. He's had such a brilliant season playing alongside 2 absolute greats, and it's his home City. Oh, and it appears that he'll now practically run the club," Lineker explained. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag will be watching four Man Utd players closely vs Palace El Chiringuito host Josep Pedreol has revealed private messages Mbappe sent Real Madrid president Florentino Perez after deciding to snub a move to the Bernabeu. The Frenchman thanked him for the opportunity and wished Los Blancos luck in next Saturday's Champions League final, but ultimately confirmed his Paris stay. Mbappe wrote: "I inform you that I have decided to stay at PSG. I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to play for Real Madrid, the club I have been a fan of since I was a kid. I hope you understand my decision. Good luck in the #UCL final." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.