Weeds are a nuisance for gardeners and can be tough to kill off in one clean sweep. While annual weeds have a shorter life cycle, perennial varieties can survive in your garden for much longer, making them even harder to remove. Getting rid of unwanted plants from lawns, flower beds and even pavements is no easy task, but there is one foolproof method that is guaranteed to give long-lasting results. Here’s how to kill perennial weeds in your garden once and for all. Weeds are known for their ability to flourish in almost any environment, which is one of the main reasons they are so difficult to prevent and remove. Unlike annual weeds which have a one-year lifecycle, perennial weeds like dandelions last even longer. For this reason, it is important to “eradicate the main root” of the plant in order to banish them for good, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS). READ MORE:Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ While it may sound easy to simply pluck a surface weed from your garden, it is unlikely that you will be successful in removing the entire root system of the plant. In fact, most weeds will snap or break when hand-picked, leaving the invisible part of the plant completely intact underground, and able to regrow. Luckily, the RHS have shared a foolproof method to ensure that the entire perennial weed is removed and unable to return to your garden. You will need a few items for this method, including: Common perennial weeds found in the UK include bindweed, couch grass, dandelions and spear thistle - all of which can be a nuisance to nearby plants. Getting rid of them is crucial to ensure that your garden doesn’t have to compete with these fast-growing varieties, and this simple method is the best way to do it. The RHS said: “Often these can be forked out, removing all the roots, and burnt or put out with the rubbish.” Simply use your garden fork to lift the plant, digging deep for the roots as you go. DON'T MISS:Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work? [INSIGHT]‘Unleash your green thumb’ - how much you can save by growing your own [REVEAL]Gardening hacks: Do empty toilet rolls really 'protect fragile roots'? [ANALYSIS] In order to permanently remove weeds from your garden, you will need to properly dispose of them once they have been dug up. Never add weeds to a compost heap, as this will allow the plants to seed and regrow. Instead, dispose of the plants in your garden waste or add them to a pile of materials which can be safely burnt in a fire pit. According to the RHS, using a weed-suppressing mulch or membrane is one of the best ways to ensure the perennial growth is completely killed off. They said: “Weeds can also be treated with the systemic weed killer glyphosate, which is applied to the foliage and absorbed into the plant's sap stream. “The weed killer goes all the way to the roots and kills all parts of the plant. “It’s a slow-acting but effective method.” For the best results, always read the advice on the weed killer package to make sure you apply it properly as this will affect the speed of results. Plastic bags should also be used to cover plants in the border or vicinity of the affected area to prevent weed killer damage.