  Former Strictly Come Dancing professionals James, 44, and Ola Jordan, 39, waved their daughter Ella off to her first day of nursery today. However, James revealed that his wife rang him in floods of tears after their daughter started “screaming as she walked away”.     James and Ola welcomed two-year-old Ella into the world on February 27, 2020. Today, their daughter had her first day of nursery, but James revealed on social media that the day didn’t get off to a good start. Addressing his 312,900 Twitter followers, he penned: “Ella went for her first day of nursery today. “@The_OlaJordan dropped her off as I’m too much of a baby. READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview     “Ola then rang me crying saying she had to listen to her screaming as she walked away,” he wrote with a tearful emoji. “I’m sure many of you can relate,” the dancer added. Ola retweeted James moments later with a tearful emoji and the caption: “It was horrendous!!!!!” A couple of hours later, Ola posted an adorable snap of Ella dressed up for her big day.      The toddler wore a cute matching jumper and trousers set decorated with a red cherry pattern. The outfit was baby pink and matched perfectly with her pink trainers. She wore her hair in little bunches with a pink hair clip on one side. The youngster also had a sparkly, bright pink lunch box to complete the ensemble. READ MORE... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter  [INSIGHT] Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [UPDATE] Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [LATEST]     Ella’s mum Ola captioned the photo: “And here she is…..off to the Nursery!!! “It was a big day for our little Ella today and certainly a big day for Mummy and Daddy. “All I can say is that there were a lot of tears and not just from Ella,” she added. James and Ola’s followers sent supportive messages to the pair on what appeared to be an emotional day for the whole family.     Sharon wrote: “Yes we have all been there. It’s gut wrenching hearing them scream I also sat in my car and sobbed. “Once she in there watching the other kids playing you will be forgotten and she will be absolutely fine. I think it’s harder for us parents.” (sic) David Turned penned: “Been there when my daughter started nursery. Although when we went to collect her she was having a great time.” Helen Woods added: “Yep, both of mine made me feel awful then loved it the minute the door closed.”  