Ofgem CEO Jonathan Brearley sat down with Kay Burley to discuss the energy cost of living crisis. Mr Brearley explained the reason for the further energy cost increase, was due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. The energy CEO assured Brits that the energy regulator will make sure customers pay no more than they already are. Mr Brealey then warned that things will get tougher as the market was changing day by day. Mr Brearley told Sky News: "With the Russian invasion of Ukraine we are seeing a sustained increase and further increase in gas prices. "So the difficult news I have is, it is likely in October the prices will go up again. "But what we will do is, we will make sure you pay no more than the cost that you need to for your energy. "And we're not going back to the bad old days where unfair profits were charged by the retailers on top of that."  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike Ms Burley said: "So is that a yes, things are going to get worse before they get better?" Mr Brealey added: "So yes things are going to get tougher as far as we can see. "It's not certain the market is changing dramatically almost day by day. "But we have to warn customers to expect further price rises in October." READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'  Many Britons have been plunged into poverty due to the energy price hike. Speaking to Express.co.uk exclusively, Energy Minister Greg Hands laid out many ways the UK Government was trying to resolve the energy crisis. Mr Hands said: “We also recognise that tackling supply alone is not enough, which is why we are taking strong measures to reduce the British public’s demand for expensive gas, including providing £6.6billion in funding for energy efficiency measures like home insulation." Mr Hands added: “However, while we are taking bold action to enhance our energy security for the future, we recognise that households are facing pressures with the cost of living of now, which is why we have a £22bn package of support. “This includes a £150 council tax rebate this month, and a £200 energy bill discount from October to cut energy bills quickly for the majority of households. 