 Dotty Cotton (played by Milly Zero) has settled into her new life at the Panesars after struggling to connect with her father’s family in EastEnders. But, the aspiring businesswoman may end up having to say goodbye to her new adoptive family when Ash Panesar (Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) comes back home.     EastEnders viewers have seen Dotty clash with Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) numerous times over the years. The bar manager is fiercely protective of her dad’s memory and hits out at anyone who tries to bad mouth Nasty Nick Cotton (John Altman). However, when Sonia turned her back on Dotty for trying to con her out of Dot Cotton’s (June Brown) inheritance, she turned to Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) for help. Vinny has wanted to pursue a romantic relationship with Dotty for some time but she had previously insisted they should be friends. But, when Dotty realised Vinny was the only one who was there for her when she needed him most, she decided to give him a chance. Read more: EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Rocky as he suffers double rejection    This ultimately led to Dotty moving in with the Panesars and she became a surprising asset to Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal). However, in upcoming scenes, this could all be set to change when Ash returns to Walford. EastEnders spoilers reveal Suki will tense up when she reads a letter. She manages to cover her horror when Dotty and Vinny turn up and viewers will have to wait to find out who the correspondence is from.     The pair discuss Ash and question what the doctor will be doing for her 30th birthday. Later, Suki reaches out to Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) for legal advice. The Panesar matriarch will be left stunned when her daughter turns up out of the blue. Suki and Ash have also struggled to see eye-to-eye and their reunion may not go as planned. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Sylvie Carter's long lost sister to arrive [THEORY]EastEnders’ Jean Slater star details heartbreaking message from fan [INTERVIEW]EastEnders' Maisie Smith's details new role with Strictly co-star [VIDEO]    eastenders  Spoilers confirm the mother and daughter will make amends but how long will their ceasefire last? Suki has been behind several of her family’s questionable moral decisions. EastEnders fans were introduced to Suki as being a cancer patient only to find out she had faked the illness to keep her children under her control. Could Ash’s reunion with Suki be a ruse with the daughter being behind the troubling letter?     The doctor may have got herself into trouble and feel her only way out is to blackmail her mother. If Suki believes her daughter wants to return to the family fold, she may push Dotty to one side and even evict her. Although Dotty does have a family in Walford, she’s made it clear she wants nothing to do with Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley). The bar manager struggled to cope with her mother’s revelation that Rocky is her real father and has pushed him away ever since. If Suki abandons Dotty, will she decide it’s time to leave Walford once and for all? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   