Bollywood star KK, whose full name is Krishnakumar Kunnath, died this evening after his concert. The singer had collapsed after his show at Nazrul Mancha auditorium in Kolkata, India. He collapsed after going back to his hotel following a performance of almost one hour, according to news outlet The Hindu. KK was then rushed to the Calcutta Medical Research Institute, a private hospital in south Kolkata. Once at the hospital, the father-of-two was pronounced dead, leaving behind his wife and two sons. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid tribute to the music star on Twitter. In view of his 79.3 million followers, the politician sent his condolences to KK’s loved ones and fans. He typed: “Saddened by the untimely demise of noted singer Krishnakumar Kunnath popularly known as KK. “His songs reflected a wide range of emotions as struck a chord with people of all age groups. “We will always remember him through his songs. “Condolences to his family and fans. Om Shanti.” (sic) Fans of the late musician also took to the social media platform to share their devastation over the news. Prasadtaras1 said: “Absolutely shocking and heartbreaking. A valuable part of my childhood is gone. “Broken heart, emotional evenings, School memories are all attached to his songs. READ MORE...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST]‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show [UPDATE] “His last stage performance in Kolkata. “Still can't believe KK is no more. RIP” Akpvt_ added: “I've never followed Singer KK on any social platform, but trust me, I'm a huge fan of him. “Listen to any of his songs, there's a feeling in those songs. “Today he is not with us, I feel like a joke but it's true! It's not even written about the one you love. Om Shanti #RIPLegend.” (sic) Hitman_views penned: “My whole childhood was preserved in his songs. “Gone so soon SINGER KK. May your soul rest in peace.” RSN_INDIA tweeted: “Heartfelt condolences…. Prayers.”