Jack and Eugenie tied the knot in a beautiful ceremony in October three years ago. The couple exchanged vows at St George's Chapel in Windsor in front of members of the Royal Family and close friends. The service was also streamed to royal watchers around the world and an average of three million people tuned in to watch their wedding. Jack, a British wine merchant and socialite, was first introduced to Eugenie by their friends during a ski break in Verbier, Switzerland, where he was working at the time. The couple had been dating for seven years before tying the knot. On Tuesday, Eugenie shared a loving birthday tribute to her husband to mark his 36th birthday. The royal shared two pictures of the couple on her Instagram feed to celebrate his special day. One picture shows them grinning at the camera in a lush garden surrounded by palm trees. The second snap shows the pair posing for a selfie while on a flight with masks on, although their smiles could be seen by their eyes. Eugenie captioned the post with: “Happy birthday to you my Jack. 36 years today. “What a journey it's been so far. Can't wait for so many more.” Fans quickly inundated the social media post with birthday messages and well wishes for Jack. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate to have 'eyes of the world upon them' One called ‘P.official2001’ made reference to the couple’s child August Brooksbank, who celebrated his first birthday earlier this year. August was born on February 9, and his arrival made Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York grandparents for the first time. The youngster was christened in a joint ceremony with his second cousin Lucas Philip Tindall, the third child of Zara and Mike Tindall in November. The user wrote: “Wishing your hubby all the best wishes for his birthday! May he is always successful and you two will always have wonderful moments side by side with each other and with your lovely little son.” Another royal fan called ‘christiinebeales’ simply shared her admiration for the couple, writing: “I really like and admire these two!!” DON'T MISS Meghan warned about 'cutthroat' industry after Netflix show axed [LATEST] Kate and Camilla vital for future as Queen rewards 'gracious' service [INSIGHT] Queen's health 'more perilous' as Royal Family facing knife-edge [REPORT] This sentiment was echoed by Loislibby16 who commented: “Super cute pic of a super cute couple! More please!!” Lizziehdavis wrote “So cute” while ‘Peg_born’ gushed: “Absolutely adorable. You are a beautiful Momma!” Lucindaclayton105 praised the couple for being down to earth, by writing: “So lovely seeing pictures of you both doing normal stuff x” While ‘my_random_adventures87’ pointed out that the second snap appeared to show the couple didn’t travel abroad on a private jet. They wrote: “Are they flying on a public plane? Because if so, that is awesome and so much better for the environment!” One more called vickipilarheisser pointed out the large grins the pair both have in the first photo, writing: “You both seem so very happy!” And jennifer.oneil.942 fawned: “You two always look like you're having fun together! Happy Birthday!” To mark Jack’s birthday last year, Eugenie shared three photos of her husband, and in two of them, he carried their son August, who was just months old at the time. In one, the baby was cradled in his father's arms while wearing an embroidered jumper that bore his name, while another snap showed the tot being carried in a baby sling. Over the Easter bank holiday, Eugenie shared two snaps on her Instagram Stories showing August taking his first steps. One of the stories shows their son walking cautiously towards a tree in a field of daffodils, while another shows Jack encouraging August to walk towards Eugenie. Princess Eugenie is a member of the Royal Family but she and her husband do not carry out official duties on behalf of the Firm - much like Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. This means the Princess is able to maintain a level of privacy in her home life, while still allowing her to carry out charitable work and carve her own career path.