Last year, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex came under fire after they sat down with Oprah Winfrey to give a tell-all interview. During the chat, which was aired on ITV, the couple made a number of claims which sent shockwaves among the Royal Family. Meghan Markle claimed an unnamed member of the Royal Family made a racist comment about how dark their son Archie's skin might be before he was born. At the time, Buckingham Palace released a statement that said “while some recollections may vary” the issues were “taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. Since the interview, Prince Harry has kept a distance from his family, however, next week he is set to publicly reunite with them for the celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking with Patrick Christys on Friday's GB News, royal correspondent Michael discussed the reconciliation between Prince Harry and his family. He began: “I imagine there's a big semi-military operation going on somewhere in California, in a billionaire’s hilltop fortress, making plans to come here. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines “They're going to be bringing their two children, of course, Archie and their daughter Lilibet, who of course is named after the Queen. "This will be the first opportunity they'll have had to introduce their daughter to Her Majesty the Queen. “I suspect they'll take the opportunity while they're here to have the child christened, baptised at St George's Chapel, Windsor. “And they'll have to be rather circumspect about the way they present themselves while they're here." The expert continued: “The British don't go in for booing, they are far too polite for that, but the way things have worked out since they exiled themselves to California haven't been entirely well received in this country.” He went on to blast the royal, telling the GB News host he would come to regret his interview with Oprah. The expert compared Prince Harry's interview to the regret his late mother, Princess Diana, felt following her BBC interview with Martin Bashir. He said: “I think Prince Harry will come to regret that interview he did with Oprah Winfrey, in the same way, that his dear mother, Princess Diana, came to regret in time her BBC interview with Martin Bashir." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [CAST]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] Michael told Patrick he hopes Prince Harry takes the time during his visit to reconcile with his brother, Prince William. He added: “And of course, this is an opportunity and I hope he takes it to try and mend fences with his brother, Prince William, in particular, who quite clearly resented very much the inference that racism was infecting the Royal Family, as he said, ‘This is very much not a racist family.' “That obviously hurt him because the spotlight was on him. "But there are opportunities and Princess Diana will be willing them to mend their fences because she always believed that her two sons whatever happened would be there for each other." “This is a rare opportunity where Prince Harry can actually reach out to his brother and try and mend those fences because it's important to do it," Michael went on to say. Speaking about the Jubilee, Michael concluded: “Everybody's going to enjoy it and it's going to be far and wide a celebration, and quite rightly so after 70 years. “I mean, an unprecedented reign, and it was great to see those pictures of the Queen in the wartime. “I understand that she was very good at doing hill starts outside Windsor Castle and can still make a fairly good job of changing spark plugs, not on your e-scooter perhaps but elsewhere in the royal stables and garages.” GB News airs weekdays from 6am.