A TikTok account called @home_reimagined shared five cleaning tips that will leave bathrooms looking and smelling fresh - in minutes. The video, titled Five Bathroom Cleaning Tricks You NEED, shows cleaning enthusiasts how to create a fragrant, sparkling bathroom. The first tip was to let your toilet bowl scrubber dry before storing. This can be done by placing the handle on the toilet bowl and closing the toilet seat over it. The second tip helps with banishing odours. READ MORE: I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding "Put essential oils on cotton balls at the bottom of your trash bin." Do this before placing a new bin bag inside, the cleaning enthusiast advised. This easy hack can be done in seconds, but will have your bin smelling brand new in no time at all. Tip number three gives any bathroom a hotel finish. The TikTok creator said: "Stamp your toilet paper for a fancy finish." This can be done by pressing it against the mouth of the tap, and will make guests feel like royalty. For a sparkling shower, the video recommended using a Swiffer for "hard to reach areas" such as above the shower head and tiles near the ceiling. A two-in-one Swiffer starter kit can be purchased on Amazon for £17.99, but there are cheaper alternatives elsewhere. Aldi stocks a £3.99 two-in-one flat mop. @home_reimagined's final tip was another hack to make bathrooms everywhere smell delightful and inviting. "Put essential oils inside the toilet paper roll to keep your bathroom smelling fresh." She added in the comments section: "But never more than one drop on the cardboard so it does not soak through." And evidently these hacks are popular, as a whopping 1.2 million TikTok users have liked the video. The viral video has amassed thousands of comments, too. @tenilletenille said: "The Swiffer is genius." @cynthia_2331 added: "Never thought about the toilet brush. I clean the toilet every weekend and I just put the brush away after." TikTok user @mikalang4 thought one particular technique was time consuming. "Ain't nobody got time to stamp their towelette paper." @anmase_freedom praised: "I love how you use oils and not chemical Febreeze etc." @Lindarita warned: "Love these tips! Just a warning if you have cats - essential oils are very harmful for them to inhale."