Andrew is said to have long had his eye on Adelaide Cottage for his youngest daughter, Princess Eugenie, and her family, but it is now said to be the Cambridges' first choice as they seek to move closer to the Queen. Princess Eugenie and her family currently live at Frogmore Cottage but it is understood Andrew's youngest daughter now hopes to move to Adelaide Cottage. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had kept the royal residence even after their move to the US but allowed Harry's cousin Eugenie and her husband to move into Frogmore one year after their departure from the UK. But it is thought to be a temporary arrangement as speculations grow that Harry and Meghan may return to the UK more frequently after their recent visit to see the Queen just before Easter. Sources close to the Princess told the DailyMail she had been "trying to secure Adelaide Cottage for a while" ready for when she moved out of Frogmore.  According to the source, before Andrew's most recent scandal, it was "definitely" a property he was hoping to secure for his daughter. However, Prince William and Kate are said to be keen to move to the royal lodge on the Queen's estate as the couple have reportedly been planning to move to Berkshire since last year. The royal couple have even enrolled Prince George into a new school there, where he is expected to be joined by his siblings in the new school year. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly keen to have their children brought up in the countryside, close to Kate's parents who play a hands-on role in the children's upbringing. READ MORE: Prince Harry sent warning amid fears Duke may 'target' Camilla Kate and William are believed to have considered several properties on the Windsor estate including Frogmore House and Fort Belvedere, which was the home of Edward, Prince of Wales - the former King before he abdicated the throne in 1936. The Cambridges are also said to be looking at private properties in the area as well as the royal residences. But sources now say that Adelaide Cottage, located on the Crown Estate's 655-acre royal park, is the couple's first choice despite competition with the Yorks. The impressive property has been used as a grace-and-favour home by royal staff and friends of the family in recent years. DON'T MISS:Queen health update: Monarch set on appearing on balcony for Jubilee [INSIGHT]'They're not stupid!' Meghan urged to stop 'using people' [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan may face pressure to 'sell-out' [COMMENT] However, the residence was once home to the late Princess Margaret’s ex-lover, Group Captain Peter Townsend, whose romance with the Princess began after the death of her father in 1952. Currently, Prince William, Kate and their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, live at Kensington Palace in apartment 1A. The family of four moved there in 2017 before Kate gave birth to Prince Louis one year later. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, The Duke and Duchess of Kent, and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent also all live in apartments at Kensington Palace. The royal couple also have a private home in Norfolk, called Anmer Hall, which is on the Sandringham Estate, that was a wedding gift from the Queen. 