Millions of people throughout the UK are preparing to come together to celebrate the historic event next week, with Union flags on show in several cities as a sign of passion and patriotism. But Platinum Jubilee celebrations have been hit by attacks from critics over what the iconic British flag stands for. Some commentators have hit out on social media and claimed the decision to decorate Regent Street with Union flags reminds them of the “fascist” display of nationalism in Nazi Germany. One pro-European Union supporter and political activist claimed the Union Jack “represents blatant fascism and people are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street”. But Nile Gardiner, a passionate Brexiteer who is a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, has launched his own blistering attack against those critics. He claimed this is a perfect example of the "self-loathing mindset of the left" - a group that "hate" Britain and Brexit who associate the Union Jack with the UK's departure from the EU. In a furious outburst, Mr Gardiner told Express.co.uk: "The vast majority of Britons are extremely proud of their country and rightly so. "The British people have done so much for the world, and the world is a far better place thanks to Britain's huge role over the course of hundreds of years. "But these attacks on the Union Jack is the self-loathing mindset of the left - they hate Britain, they hate Brexit and they also associate the flag with the UK leaving the European Union. "They would much rather the EU flag flying over London than the British flag. "In fact, they worship the EU and admire the likes of Emmanuel Macron and EU leaders who constantly attack the UK." READ MORE: Boris on brink as Tory MPs expect to trigger for vote of confidence Mr Gardiner insisted the Union Jack is a "symbol of many centuries of British tradition" and that the country has been a "beacon of freedom, liberty and hope" on the world stage. But he again lashed out at those leaning to the left, accusing them of wanting to "attack their own country to tear Britain down". The foreign policy expert continued: "The Union Jack is a symbol of many centuries of British tradition. "Great Britain has been a tremendous force for good on the world stage, as well as a beacon of freedom, liberty and hope. DON'T MISSWilliam and Kate issued warning ahead of Meghan and Harry's arrival [COMMENTS]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [REPORT]William's Jubilee prep - Duke makes stunning appearance ahead of event [PICTURES] "The Union Jack should be proudly flown not only all over London, but all over the UK. "There are some on the left who will take every opportunity to try and attack their own country to tear Britain down. "This self-loathing approach is very common on the left. "They seek to tear down their own country and it is very difficult to understand that mindset but the far-left will use every opportunity to undermine their own country and this is exactly what is happening here." Earlier this week, Mr Gardiner took to Twitter to shut down "blatant fascism" jibes at the Union flag from a prominent Remainer and political activist. Femi Oluwole launched a furious attack on the Union flags on Regent Street, claiming while there is nothing wrong with flag decorations, it represents "blatant fascism". He posted screengrabs of headlines from several reports, including from Sky News, which said: "Race report commissioned by Government an attempt to normalise 'white supremacy', UN human rights experts claim". The political activist wrote: "People are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street. "There's nothing wrong with flag decorations, no matter how 'excessive'. The issue is what the flag represents. "Right now, it represents blatant fascism. It's our job to fix that." But a furious Mr Gardiner hit back: "Disgraceful comments. "A stupid insult to the Union Jack and everything it represents for a truly great nation that has given so much to the world."