Simon Jordan has admitted that he was wrong to question the appointment of Eddie Howe as Newcastle manager - and has hailed his "outstanding" work at St James' Park. After spending the first half of the season worried about relegation, Howe’s team finished 11th following a 2-1 win away to Burnley on the final day of the campaign. Questions were raised when Howe initially replaced Steve Bruce in November, but a strong second half of the season has seen the Magpies rise up the table, and there has even been talk of a new long-term contract for Howe. Former Crystal Palace owner Jordan did initially pose questions about Howe’s hiring, but on talkSPORT he admitted he had been proven wrong. Yet he has warned Newcastle against handing Howe a new deal despite his work so far in the north east. Jordan said: “Eddie Howe, I was very critical about him not taking the Celtic job and critical of the appointment of him. You cannot look back on his body of work and say that it is anything other than a tremendous job from everybody at the club. “From the recruitment processes that have been brought into the place, to the management of that team, they finished above [Crystal] Palace! Palace have been considered to have had a successful season. “He has done in managerial terms an outstanding job. He has galvanised the fan base. The whole lot, Tindall, I didn’t think they would do it and I have been wrong. Now whether that leads him into a bigger picture we will see. “I don’t think Newcastle need to do anything with his contract now, I think he has another year on this very exciting merry-go-round, with some significant investment whether it’s £60million or £100million in the summer and we will see how he grows into the big expectations of this job, if it is going to be what we think it is going to be which is unleashing a financial powerhouse. Staveley, everybody at that football club has done something that I didn’t think they would do.” The Newcastle boss, who was shortlisted for the Premier League's Manager of the Year award after masterminding his team’s survival bid, is set to be joined on Tyneside by his wife and three children, who will relocate from the south coast in the coming months. Despite his achievements this season, Jose Mourinho was recently linked with his job, to which Howe responded: “People are going to get linked with the job. I have no issue with that. People talk. All I can do while I am here is do my best every day." It is not the first time the Portuguese coach has been linked with the Newcastle job, and in October Mourinho said: “Newcastle job? I’ve decided to stay, I’m not leaving. I signed for a three-year project with Roma and I’m not going to leave my players.”