Want to look younger but don’t want to have cosmetic surgery? Express.co.uk spoke to Dr Jonathan Hopkin, the Global Medical Director of the Laser Clinics Group about the ways to reduce signs of ageing. He recommended five skincare products that should be used daily, and what order to use them in. Dr Jonathan said: “Signs of ageing show when our skin is sun damaged and scattered with sunspots, dehydrated and laxed in its appearance or less firm and tight looking. “This occurs at a faster pace if we don’t protect and care for our skin.” The skincare expert said it’s important to have a skincare routine because “our skin is an organ, and like any other organ it requires that we provide it with the right building blocks to ensure it remains healthy over time”. “Skincare routines enable a consistent level of maintenance in cleaning or cleansing away build up and debris, providing ample hydration, infusing special minerals and vitamins to boost the health of the skin and the right protecting elements to save the skin against the environment around (eg the sun).” READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now As for what the most common skincare issues are, Dr Jonathan said acne, rosacea and dyspigmentation were the “three most common” the clinic deals with. “Acne and congestion effects a very large number of people, especially in their adolescent early adult years,” he explained. “Even if a patient doesn’t experience moderate or severe acne, congestion and pimples can impact the confidence of most people. “Rosacea, which is seen as a centralised redness or ‘flushing’ of the nose and cheek region which affects about five percent of the world’s adult population. DON'T MISS...Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [VIDEO]Weight loss: Caffeine can ‘make it easier to lose weight’ [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [ASTROLOGY] “Dyspigmentation, which is very broad in nature as there are a lot of various types of pigmentation related issues, however more commonly sunspots or solar lentigo are forms of hyperpigmentation that patients are regular seeking remedy for,” the doctor added. “More chronic forms of pigmentation related issues fall under the category of melasma which are much harder to manage and require ongoing commitment and generally a systemic medication.” For anyone wanting to achieve a youthful look, Dr Jonathan said there are a few products that need to be consistently used. “Cleansers and exfoliators to remove build up and debris both morning and night,” he said. “Moisturisers and oils to lock in water after cleansing your face and boosting hydration. “Serums which are packed full of important ingredients like hyaluronic acid, Vitamin A, Collagen, Kakadu Plum and CoQ10 to name a few, which all aid in improving the health of the skin which in turn is reflected in the improved appearance of the skin. “Masks which are great to use in the home, where one can essentially give themselves a ‘mini-facial’ with the benefits of the clean ingredients like turmeric, avocado oil, aloe vera and manuka honey.” And finally, “sunscreens” are “the most important ongoing daily commitment to protect your skin as it’s one of the factors which ages our skin the most”. The skincare expert also shared a simple four-step skincare routine to cleanse, treat, moisturise and protect using Dr Roebuck’s products. NOOSA Nourishing Crème Cleanser - £28 A hydrating and soothing cleanser that leaves skin feeling soft, nourished and most importantly, clean. With restorative ingredients such as Jojoba Oil and Arnica, the cleanser helps accelerate and support the healing process of the skin. LIFESAVER Brightening Toner - £26 A no-fuss, alcohol-free skin saving toner, powered by botanicals to balance, refine and brighten skin tone and texture. With Glycolic Acid at two percent, it is the perfect activity for sensitive skin to combat acne, blackheads and dullness by sloughing off dead skin cells revealing smoother, brighter, healthier-looking skin. NO WORRIES Hydrating Face Moisturiser - £40 For serious moisture (and serious glow) no worries is a light-medium weight moisturiser that hydrates heals and nourishes the skin. It is Dr Roebuck’s number one global bestseller, and it targets and improves visible signs of ageing such as fine lines and dullness through the rich source of vitamin C derived from Cold Pressed Rosehip Oil that brightens the skin and encourages collagen synthesis. DOWN UNDER Collagen Boosting Eye Treatment 15ml - £40 A luxuriously rich eye treatment designed to boost collagen and treat visible signs of ageing in the eye area.