Romain Grosjean has shrugged off an apparent feud with an IndyCar rival despite being told he has "oustayed his welcome" in the sport. Grosjean, 36, was slammed by Andretti Autosport partner Colton Heta and also Graham Rahal for his aggressive racing in last Sunday's race at Barber Motorsports Park. The Swiss born driver drove in F1 with Renault in 2009, before returning for another nine seasons - starting with Lotus in 2012 before moving to Haas in 2016. His final campaign in 2020 was marred by a harrowing accident at the Bahrain Grand Prix. After he hit a barrier at high speed, his car split in half, releasing the fuel and making the car burn. Miraculously though, Grosjean escaped with minor burn injuries to his hands and ankles before being airlifted to a nearby military hospital, and ultimately missed the final two races of the season. Last December, 12 months on, the scars remained visible on his hands. After leaving the American team, he then signed for Dale Coyne Racing to compete in the IndyCar series in 2021. After an impressive rookie year, he then joined Andretti Autosport, and picked up his first podium place at Long Beach. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton 'at his most dangerous' as Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen warned But all is not well with Herta, after he found his No 26 Honda being pushed towards the pit wall on the left by Grosjean’s No 28 as he tried to overtake: "It was a hard fight,” Herta told RACER. “I didn’t really like that he moved once I was alongside him, especially for teammates. Once you get to the inside, you open up the line." Letterman Lanigan Racing Honda went further with his criticism though, telling IndyCar Radio: “Good racing with Colton and Scotty," he said. "Good racing with a lot. Just one particular guy not so clean. We’re gonna have to have a little sit down; a little conversation, about what the hell is going on here." He went on to add: "I’m not gonna play nice. This guy has overstayed his welcome.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'nerve-wracking' feeling ahead of Miami Grand PrixCharles Leclerc must 'rein in' his driving style to beat Max Verstappen in title fightMercedes reveal reasons behind lack of development in blow for Lewis Hamilton Grosjean however, said the spicy moments were simply down to the nature of the track: “Yeah, we touched a couple of times but it was good racing,” Grosjean said. “It was tough out there; just, you know, Barber is a very good track but it is very hard to pass. "If the car in front of you doesn’t have anyone in front then you can try a different line, but they were all in line, so it was quite tricky.” Having been shown the replay, he added: "So, here we touch a bit, and then here we touch again so it’s good racing. I guess it’s IndyCar — wheel-to-wheel action!"