The Mayor of London issued his demand as he discussed the photos of Boris Johnson at Lee Cain's leaving party in Downing Street during the lockdown of November 2020. Mr Khan stressed how important it was not to lie and mislead the public in the House of Commons. The Mayor then explained why he has chosen to away from the investigation as a member of the other political opposition party.    The ongoing investigation into Prime Minister Boris Johnson's alleged rule breaks at No.10 Downing Street has been going on since November last year, The Met has been issuing fines to Tory MPs for their part in the scandal and Sue Gray is expected to release her report on the matter within days. BBC Radio 4 host Justin Webb asked: "You're effectively the crime commissioner for London, do you believe that the Metropolitan police should explain why Boris Johnson is not getting a fine for the party he was at where at least one other person is?" Mr Khan said: "Yes I think they have to... But can I explain this Justin, it's really important to reassure your listeners. "As the police and crime commissioner and a Labour politician, I've assiduously stayed well away from this investigation, not just because it's an operational matter which the police should investigate. JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays     "But just imagine if a politician from one party was getting involved in an investigation into his political opponent. Mr Khan added: "So I've not asked questions about this, I've kept away from this but I think it's important when it comes to trust and confidence. "When it comes to policing by consent when it comes to questions being asked about the integrity of an investigation that the police explain why they've reached a conclusion they have. "And just like you, I suspect, yesterday was the first time I saw the photograph of Boris Johnson raising a glass, clearly bottle of wine laying around. READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear after Queen agrees return to royal fold     "Others with wine in their hand, on a day when he said in the House of Commons, and I speak as a former Parliamentarian and I know the importance of not lying and misleading in the House of Commons that there wasn't a party. Other MPs from across the political spectrum have been calling out the Prime Minister for his rule breaks since the photo evidence was released.