Sir John Curtice told Huw Edwards on BBC News that while the SNP have enjoyed a “modest increase” in support during the local elections, the Greens have “advanced by at least as much”. He said that some SNP MSPs might be asking themselves whether they gave the Greens a “bit of a leg up” by entering into a coalition agreement with the party.    Sir John said: “Well, we’re looking at a modest increase in SNP support, which will be enough for them to get a record share from the local elections this year in Scotland. “But as we’ve seen, particularly in Glasgow, their coalition partners, the Greens, are also advancing by at least as much as the SNP so far. “And, on occasion, it seems pretty clear that the Green advance has come at the expense of the SNP. “This shouldn’t surprise us because those who vote Green might be concerned about the environment.    “And the interesting thing on the national side: On the one hand, these results do confirm, I think, that Alex Salmond’s attempts to fragment the national vote is going nowhere. “But the Greens are now providing some competition to the SNP and to that extent, these elections will indicate that the SNP are not quite so dominant. “I suspect some people inside the SNP will be asking themselves whether or not in allowing the Greens to enter the Government at Holyrood, they’ve given them a bit of a leg up perhaps at the SNP’s expense.” READ MORE: What is the vote for today? Every local election in UK [LIVE]  The Green Party have gained 15 seats on previous results with all 32 councils declared. And the Party won their first ever seat in the Borders, marking further success. Neil Mackinnon was elected in the Galashiels and District ward of the south east Scotland local authority. While the Conservatives retained the position as the highest individual party in the council, there was no outright majority. The SNP claimed nine councillors, equivalent to their tally five years ago, and the Lib Dems rose to three seats. DON'T MISS: Next General Election ‘crunch point’ to decide IndyRef2 [REVEAL]Sturgeon reveals major update in desperate bid to rip UK apart [REVEAL]'Don't need permission!' Sturgeon bites back at no indy plot mandate [REPORT]  Mr Mackinnon said he was honoured to be the first Scottish Green to be elected in the Galashiels. He said: "It shows that people are taking the climate crisis seriously - I hope to be a voice in the Borders for green issues and social justice. "With the cost of living crisis a lot of people are suffering especially in a town like Galashiels with a few deprived areas so I'd hope to be able to do things to combat that." The Greens have had 34 councillors elected this year so far, with the SNP boasting 453.   