Roy Keane has been proven right over his trepidation about Manchester United's decision to appoint an interim rather than permanent manager in the wake of the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Red Devils opted to bring in Ralf Rangnick until the end of the campaign after firing Solskjaer in November. But that move proved to be a disaster, with United finishing sixth with their lowest ever Premier League points total. And it has now been confirmed that the German will not be taking up a consultancy post at Old Trafford as planned, instead taking on the reigns of the Austrian national team. When it was first revealed that Rangnick would be coming in as United's temporary boss, Keane made his unhappiness at the arrangement clear. The Irishman insisted that the move to bring in Rangnick was not "ideal". “First of all, it was disappointing for Ole to finish in such a low obviously going through a difficult time the Watford result was really poor and the performance. Obviously, I’ve argued with Jamie [Carragher] about a manager getting enough time," he told Sky Sports. READ MORE: Rangnick quits Man Utd and opens up on surprising Old Trafford exit "Ole did get enough time and the results and the performances over the last couple of months have been really poor. So, there was no real surprise after the Watford game but the club now have to regroup, get somebody in and get the deed over the line. "I don’t think it’s ideal this interim stuff until the end of the season but it is what it is and they have to get on with it. But ultimately, when I look at the last few performances from the players, they’re nowhere near good enough for Man United but the manager paid the price.” DON'T MISS: Man Utd transfer target Christopher Nkunku drops big hint on future (TRANSFERS)Pau Torres breaks silence on Man Utd and Tottenham transfer rumours (NEWS)Raphinha may favour Man Utd move due to admiration of 'older brother' (INSIGHT) With Rangnick now departing Old Trafford all together, it appears that Keane was spot on when he revealed his uncertainty over the move to appoint him. Though United thanked him for his efforts, his reign will not be remembered fondly. Keane's discomfort over the decision to hold off on appointing a permanent replacement for Solskjaer has been proven right. Rangnick's exit only serves to highlight how badly his appointment ended up being.