Although Netflix’s historical series The Last Kingdom came to end in March, members of the cast have gone on to share a number of key behind the scenes moments. This includes Eliza Butterworth who starred as Queen Aelswith and recently paid tribute to her fellow co-star Mille Brady.  The Last Kingdom met its conclusion after the premiere of its fifth and final season in March. The series which was the onscreen adaption of Bernard Cornwell's book ‘The Saxon Stories,’ depicted the late 9th and early 10th century England. It followed the life of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) during the Viking invasions of Saxon-era England. As well as the kingdom of Wessex's resistance to Viking occupation which was played out in a number of brutal battle scenes. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut As the battles unfolded a number of fan favourite characters tragically lost their lives. Although she wasn’t fighting on the front line with a sword, fans said a tearful goodbye to Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) in season five. During an interview with the Screen Chronicles, Eliza recalled Aethelflaed’s death scene and praised the actress. Speaking on the emotional scene Eliza stated: “Honestly, she just is sensational. Every scene I watched her in I was like ‘Whattt!’  “Obviously there was a scene I got to do alongside her but there were loads, like the one with her and Edith, the gorgeous Stephanie Martini who is absolutely magnificent. “Both of them in their scenes were just stunning and it was just so moving.” On the death, Eliza explained: “It kind of came out of nowhere in a sense, it wasn't the thing we expected to read even as actors reading it in the script. “So acting alongside Mille was just gorgeous and it’s always been so fun playing her mum because I am the same age as her.  DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom exit: Why did Charlie Murphy leave as Iseult? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [INSIGHT] “Being her mother is quite hilarious but I think it reads, there’s something about the writing and you do believe that.” The actress added: “On set when we’re getting ready, I totally feel maternal over them both and then to be a grandma to add to the craziness. “I loved those scenes, I actually really enjoy the emotional scenes, weirdly I feel quite comfortable with those.” Viewers also became overwhelmed with emotion as they watched Aethelflaed succumb to her illness.  Throughout the season Aethelflaed had suffered a number of painful tumours in her breast tissue. However, she ignored them thinking they would heal themselves, sadly this wasn’t the case as she later died from the cancerous tumours in Uhtred’s arms. As fans prepare to see more from their favourite characters in the show’s feature film, Seven Kings Must Die, Eliza confirmed she wouldn’t be reprising her character. She disclosed: “I have to say, I have had a conflict of scheduling. “So, I was meant to be in the film and it gutted me because I got another job which is the one I’m currently on now.” The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 