Oscar-winning actress Grace Kelly became Princess of Monaco when she wed Prince Rainier in Monaco’s cathedral in 1956. Iconic to this day, Grace wore a stunning long-sleeved, lace-covered dress for her religious ceremony. But what was her engagement ring like? Rainier proposed to Grace in December 1955, asking for her hand with a beautiful engagement ring. However, this ring is not as known among royal fans as Grace’s second – and main – engagement ring. The second ring is the most famous one – but why were there two in the first place? Grace’s first ring was a slim eternity band, made by Cartier, and featured heirloom red rubies and white diamonds. READ MORE: Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work?  These red and white stones paid tribute to Grace’s new adopted country as they represented the colours of the Monegasque flag. The princess-to-be wore this ring for her engagement photos, taken at her parents’ home in Philadelphia. The ring was described in the Philadelphia Inquirer as “a handsome engagement ring, which the Prince had ordered fashioned from two family heirlooms, in the form of a diamond circlet and ruby circlet intertwined”. But this ring was later replaced with another, which has often been described as one of the most famous engagement rings in history. DON'T MISS: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXPERT]How to lose belly fat: 5 foods to turn body into ‘fat-burning machine' [GUIDE]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [BEAUTY] Grace’s second ring had a huge 10.5-carat emerald-cut diamond at its centre, flanked by two diamond baguette stones. This ring is thought to be worth a huge £30million, according to Max Stone, diamond expert at jewellers Steven Stone. Grace’s first ring, however, could be worth around £15,000. Speaking about the lesser known first ring, Max explained: “While it’s incredibly difficult to value a ring without seeing the original item in colour, the fact that the ring was designed by Cartier and features heirloom rubies, which look to be around 1.5 carats, along with 1.5 carats of diamonds, suggests it could be worth over £15,000 today. “Although Grace Kelly received the incredible 10.5 carat Cartier diamond ring shortly after, which is now one of the world's most famous pieces of jewellery, the rubies featured in her first ring are likely to be very rare and of the finest quality. “Rubies are also soaring in value right now, so it’s likely the value of this ring will increase even more over time.” But why did Grace get the first ring replaced by another? It was Rainier’s idea, not Grace’s: the Prince gave his bride-to-be a second ring because of the actress’ role in the 1956 film High Society. Starring alongside Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby, this was Grace’s last role before becoming Princess of Monaco. As Tracy Lord, who would marry Bing Crosby’s character Dexter in the film, Grace wore a diamond engagement ring on set. However, after being made aware of this prop, Rainier bought Grace the real deal so she could continue wearing it after filming had ended. After one of the most famous royal weddings of all time, Grace and Rainier went on to have three children, Princess Caroline, Prince Albert, and Princess Stephanie. Grace carried out royal duties until she died in a car accident in 1982, when she was just 52. Rainier died in 2005, aged 81.