Boris Johnson will publish proposals to revoke EU laws requiring metric units to be used and allow shops to sell products in pounds and ounces. ​​The decision has been praised as a “common sense” move by Tory MPs as it takes advantage of Brexit freedoms. The move is an apparent attempt to gain support among Brexiteers following the Partygate scandal. Since 1995, goods sold in Europe have had to display metric weights and measurements. And since 2000 traders have been legally required to use metric units for fresh produce. A Government source said: “We Brits measure our walks in miles and our beer and milk by the pint. And nobody knows what a 4.5kg baby looks like, but we all know a 10-pounder is a whopper. “It’s time we held our heads high about our long history of traditional measures. “And what better way to celebrate Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee than restoring the crown emblem back onto the side of pint glasses so that we can toast her health and service to this country.” Britain currently uses a mix of imperial and metric measures with speed measured in miles per hour and milk and beer both bought in pints. A Cabinet source told the Mirror: “As the British people have been happy to use both imperial and metric measurements in their daily life it is good for the Government to reflect that now we are free to change our regulations accordingly.” The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy will begin its official consultation on Friday into “Choice on Units and Measurement” to consider the advantages of introducing imperial measurements. A Government source said the study will consider options, including the unlikely scrapping of metric measurements and a complete transition to pounds and ounces. CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL? CLICK HERE Mr Johnson pledged to bring back imperial units in shops during his 2019 General Election campaign. He said that measuring in pounds and ounces was an “ancient liberty” as he heralded a “new era of generosity and tolerance” towards traditional measurements. The vast majority of countries use a metric system but the US, Myanmar and Liberia have upheld the imperial system. So what do YOU think? Do you want to bring back pounds and ounces? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.