Camilla Tominey, associate editor at The Daily Telegraph, claimed members of the royal family risk failing to “ingratiate themselves” with the domestic and global public if they “overshadow” the Queen. Ms Tominey said the Jubilee celebrations would be “the most momentous and historic weekend” of the monarch’s reign and all the royals will be treating her as the “main priority”. Ms Tominey said: “I think the main priority for all of the members of the Royal family, as it always has been, is going to be the Queen. “Making sure that she is not overshadowed. “Because actually, regardless of who’s in camp Sussex or Cambridge or no camp at all, nobody is going to ingratiate themselves with the public, both in the UK or overseas, if they overshadow our 96-year-old monarch on the most momentous and historic weekend of her reign.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed they will be attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the start of June. They will be in the UK for the first time since an impromptu visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle in April. Their next visit will mark for the first time the Queen has met the couple’s second child, 11-month old daughter Lilibet Diana. The family will stay in their old home, Frogmore Cottage, according to The Sun, while they are here for the celebrations. READ MORE: 'Staggeringly shameless' Harry and Meghan's Netflix move ripped apart [REVEAL] A spokesperson for the couple announced at the start of May that they were “excited and honoured” to attend the celebrations. The spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” But the pair will not be present for the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on June 2nd. A palace spokesman confirmed that only royals currently engaged in duties “on behalf of the Queen” will be permitted on the balcony. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's 'constant battle' addressed by Bear Grylls [REVEAL]When will Meghan and Harry return to UK for Jubilee? [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle latest in 'line of women' to make royal men 'mad'–CLAIM [REPORT] The spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." Before the celebrations begin, the Queen is hoping to attend the Chelsea Flower Show next week, Buckingham Palace has said, as she continues to make more in-person visits. Members of the royal family will be going to the event at the Royal Hospital Chelsea in London on Monday May 23, ahead of its official opening the next day. The Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent and Princess Alexandra are confirmed to be attending.