Bo Hopkins, a Hollywood actor best known for films such as The Wild Bunch and Midnight Express , has died. The actor died after suffering a heart attack at 84, according to reports. Bo died at the Valley Presbyterian Hospital in Van Nuys, after suffering a heart attack on May 9. The news of his death was broken to a US news outlet, after they were informed by Bo's wife of 33 years, Sian. The star had an amazing career spanning seven decades and was best known for his role in American Graffiti, where he played the role of gang leader Joe Young. Prior to this, he appeared in The Wild Bunch in 1969, The Getaway in 1972 and The Killer Elite in 1975. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog Bo was scouted for these films by American film director Sam Peckinpah. His role as Joe Young in American Graffiti in 1973 solidified his place in Hollywood as an A-star screen villain. Speaking about the role in 2012, Bo said: "I go to car shows because American Graffiti is the national anthem of car shows. "Graffiti got people out draggin’ and going up, and down streets cruisin’. It got people into cars doing that kind of stuff again. "If I told you how many times people have come up to Candy [Clark], Paul [Le Mat] and me at these shows and told us that we’ve changed their lives, you wouldn’t believe it", he concluded to Shock Cinema Magazine. He was then even grabbed up by Quentin Tarantino when he was asked to play the good character in Dusk to Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money. He also featured on the small screen, taking up roles in series such as Hawaii Five-O, Mod Squad, Dynasty, Charlie's Angels and Murder, She Wrote. The actor most recently played a role in 2020's Netflix film Hillbilly Elegy. DON'T MISS... James Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV [ITV] Elon Musk breaks silence after accusations in Amber and Johnny trial  [INSIGHT] Laurence Fox risks seriously dividing opinion over church petition [OPINION] Many social media users took to Twitter to leave their condolences for the late movie star. AnthonyScreenC1 said: "Another great is gone. One of the most natural actors to ever do it. In the 70s, he was a mainstay in many great films. "One of my faves. A welcome presence in any project. Goodbye and Farewell to Bo Hopkins." BilgeEbiri added: "Bo Hopkins was an unforgettable screen presence, as if James Dean had been reincarnated as an unhinged character actor. I loved him. Rest In Peace."