Kalush Orchestra, the band from Ukraine who won the Eurovision Song Contest 2022, have sold their trophy for £712,000. It was sold in order to raise money for the war in Ukraine.  The trophy, which took the shape of a crystal microphone, was auctioned on Facebook.  It was done with the aim of buying drones for the Ukrainian military amid the ongoing conflict with Russia.  The sale of the trophy coincided with the band’s appearance at a charity concert at Brandenburg Gate in Berlin.  It also aimed to raise money for medical care and supplies. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Band member Oleh Psiuk appealed for people to not get used to the war. "I think it should be on the front pages always, until peace comes," said Psiuk, whose Eurovision win had been tipped in the run-up to the event. The war has left more than 4,000 civilians dead and nearly 5,000 injured according to the UN. It has also forced more than 14 million people to flee their homes since Russia invaded on February 24, with towns and cities reduced to rubble. Reuters news agency reported that Ukrainian TV presenter Serhiy Prytula announced that the money raised from the trophy would specifically be used to purchase three Ukrainian-made PD-2 drones. Drones are popularly used by Ukraine and Russia, both as weapons and reconnaissance. While the war was going on, the Eurovision song contest gave the world an opportunity to support and uplift the struggling nation. Ukraine topped the board with a total of 631 points. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Following their win, Kalush Orchestra's lead singer said: "Thank you so much. "Thank you for supporting Ukraine. This victory is for every Ukrainian." "What an emotional night," commentator Graham Norton said at the time of the result. "Not just emotional because Ukraine won, but look at us, there we are. "In the nosebleed, dizzying heights of second place on the leaderboard. "That is our highest position in over 20 years, ladies and gentlemen." Praising the SpaceMan singer, he continued, thanking UK entry Sam Ryder for his talent. "He is a Space Man, a star man, he is the saviour of Eurovision for the United Kingdom. "I am so happy for him, what a night, I hope you have enjoyed it as much as I have."