The Queen’s Speech is an historic tradition which officially opens Parliament for the year and allows a chance for the Government to set out its agenda. For 2022 the speech is expected to mention some bills carried over from the previous session of Parliament as well as giving details about levelling up, broadcasting and Brexit.    The Opening of Parliament is pencilled to begin at 11.30am on Tuesday, May 10, with the Queen’s Speech following shortly afterwards. Tradition dictates no legislation can be passed until the Queen’s Speech has been read out as Parliament will remain’“prorogued' - the term given to when it's suspended. The event usually begins with the Queen's procession, escorted by the Household Cavalry, from Buckingham Palace to Westminster. READ MORE: Prince Harry dealt legal blow as judge slaps down Duke of Sussex    Anyone who wants to watch the Queen’s Speech live can do so by following along with BBC News from 10.30am. The programme is due to last until 12.15pm and it can also be watched online by accessing the BBC iPlayer. Elsewhere, Sky News will be providing live coverage via both its news and YouTube channels.    On Monday Buckingham Palace announced that for the first time since 1963 Queen Elizabeth II would not be delivering the Queen’s Speech. In a statement the Palace said: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament. “At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, the Prince of Wales will read the Queen’s speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with the Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.” The statement added the Queen had to sign a new letter patent to allow Prince Charles to read her speech at the ceremony as a “Counsellor of State”. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry makes 'special announcement' as Duke speaks out on TV [INSIGHT]UK recession warning: Horror forecast  [ANALYSIS]Border Force intercept inflatable dinghy crossing Channel - VIDEO  [WATCH]  