Spain was awarded Blue Flag status for 621 beaches, 103 marinas and five tourist boats. Blue Flag beaches must meet a stringent set of good cleanliness, environmental, safety and accessibility criteria. Fernando Valdés, secretary of state for tourism, said: “We can say loudly that we have the best beaches and the best prepared ones.” As in previous years, the Valencian community was awarded the most Blue Flags for its beaches with 139 winning the award. In Alicante, La Albufereta, Postiguet, Saladar-Urbanova, Sant Joan and Tarbarca were awarded Blue Flags. One visitor to La Albufereta wrote on Tripadvisor: “Nice beach, not too busy. Water was nice and warm.” READ MORE: Benidorm beach loses Blue Flag award for cleanliness Benidorm’s Poniente beach sadly lost its Blue Flag, although officials said they would complain about its rating. However, both Levante beach and Mal Pas were awarded Blue Flags for 2022 making Benidorm a fantastic destination for Britons this year. Levante is one of Europe’s best known beaches with many restaurants and bars for visitors to enjoy. One visitor said: “Very clean beach. Golden sand with clean water. You can have a nice walk on the beach.” Unsurprisingly, Spain’s sunny Costa del Sol is home to some of the country’s best beaches. In the popular tourist resort area of Nerja, three beaches were awarded Blue Flag status for 2022. Burriana, Maro and Torrecilla were celebrated in Nerja while Boliches-Gaviotas, Carvajal, Castillo and Fuengirola beach won the award in Fuengirola. One visitor to Burriana Beach wrote: “This place is just about perfect. The beach is probably close to half a mile in length in a sheltered cove.” Spain’s stunning Balearic islands offer tourists incredible beaches and several were recognised in this year’s awards. In Majorca's capital, Palma, three beaches were awarded Blue Flag status. They were Cala Estancia, Cala Major and Playa de Palma. One visitor to Cala Mejor said: “This small beach had the cleanest water I’ve seen near Palma.” Another said: “Very pretty beach, very clean, a good variety of shops and restaurants with good prices.” The Canary Islands are one of the UK’s top destinations and offer great weather for much of the year. In Tenerife, 12 hotspots met the stringent Blue Flag criteria for 2022. El Duque and Torviscas are two of the island’s loveliest beaches. A visitor to El Duque said: “This was such a great beach. Kids can swim safely in the sea and all the facilities you need are right there.” A tourist who visited Torviscas said: “The sand in the sea is silky soft under your feet. The beach has very few pebbles.”