Need a timely reply? Forget it. Whether you need a new passport, a driver’s licence or planning permission, the delays are so bad that families are missing holidays, drivers are prevented from working and building sites lay idle. Worse still, no one seems to care or have an answer.  Yesterday I waited on the phone for over an hour and had remained number five in the queue for the duration – holding on in the hope of discovering what had happened to a constituent’s passport that hadn’t arrived after 10 months. Even train travel has lost the rigour of a schedule and is no longer dependable. While waiting on the platform, a train can be randomly cancelled because staff haven’t arrived for work. Airports are the worst. It doesn’t matter which way you turn there are delays, cancellations, backlogs and excuses. So how do we get back to a pre-Covid smooth-running country? How do we inject discipline and routine back into the nation? I agree with Jacob Rees-Mogg – getting people back into the workplace on a regular basis is a good place to start. But we also need to create a “working at home” discipline and structure as the WFH phenomenon isn’t going away. In this cost-of-living crisis, people will want to try to save money when and where they can, and if saving on travel is one such way, then so be it.  This new system of oversight can’t be about spying on staff, rather it’s about judging people on output rather than input, and getting things done. Never again can we have reports of DVLA staff watching Netflix, as the public wait for their driving licences, with work a mere distraction from viewing the latest box set. This Covid couldn’t-care-less attitude needs to be consigned to the history books. We need discipline back in the country if we want to put the great back into Great Britain.  Is it time to call for a windfall tax on oil giants? In 2011 George Osborne imposed a £2bn tax on north sea oil and gas. Geoffrey Howe introduced a levy on banks profiting from high-interest rates I hope Rishi Sunak follows their example. There’s a good Tory precedent to do it, an industry almost asking him to do it, and lots of people who’d thank him if it eased the cost-of-living crisis.  Tuesday marked 15 years since Madeleine McCann went missing. Her parents Kate and Gerry marked the date with a message: “The most important thing is, even if we’re apart, we’ll always be with you.” I went to college with Kate and helped her when Madeleine went missing. A year on, she said: “Living with hope is the most exhausting thing.” To read her words this week – “our need for answers, for the truth, is essential” – brought back to me the pain she still suffers.  Operation Mincemeat, is a must-see war film, based on a real event that saved thousands of soldiers’ lives. I raced to see it after talking to the Queen when I was made a Privy Councillor. Her Majesty questioned whether such a mission could be possible nowadays as people aren’t as good at keeping secrets and most things end up online. How right she is!  Research shows that schoolchildren aged between six and 11 spend a quarter of their time daydreaming when they should be listening and concentrating. I’m not sure why the study just looked at schoolchildren. I think I still spend that much time daydreaming when I should be focused, and you might be surprised to know I left school quite some time ago!  The Queen of Spain shows she is a classy lady What do you do if you’re at a function and someone is wearing the same dress as you? Keep your jacket on, or put a shawl around your shoulders? Queen Letizia of Spain did the right thing. She greeted a lady wearing the same dress and immediately saw the funny side, laughed out loud, hugged the lady and posed for a photo. What impeccable manners and classy behaviour.