On the last day of their state visit to Greece, Queen Mathilde and King Phillipe boarded a ferry to visit the Revithoussa LNG Terminal. Queen Mathilde was head-to-toe chic in a white coat and trousers combo, paired with signature pink accessories. The Queen was fashion forward today with a risk-taking white suit from Costarellos, priced at arouns £2,000. Her long white jacket was far from plain, embellished with small pink flowers and one statement pink flower at the bottom of the coat. Her trousers, in the same shade of white, boasted a near identical floral pattern. Colours on the flowers ranged from pink, to red, to blue. READ MORE: Queen Mathilde of Belgium's ruby engagement ring she hardly ever wears  The 49-year-old mum-of-four is far from shy and retiring when it comes to fashion. Today's look screamed fearless and bold. A white belt cinched her in at the waist, emphasising her slim frame. Queen Mathilde paired the white coat and trousers combo with a pink top. The top boasted intricate details such as a ruffled collar and ruched sheer material across the chest. But despite the extravagance of her clothing, the most striking aspect of the outfit was certainly the Queen's headpiece. Electric pink, Queen Mathilde's two-layered headband stole the show, whilst perfectly complementing the rest of the outfit. As for jewellery, she wore classic diamond earrings that dropped slightly from her earlobes. She wore her signature Rolex watch on her wrist. This is reportedly the Two-Tone Ladies Rolex Datejust watch; similar ones are on sale now for £11,950. Overall, she kept makeup to a minimum, not wanting to distract from the outfit. However, she did have a youthful glow and bronzed cheeks. She wore towering fuschia stilettos to anchor the outfit. Fans took to Instagram to praise the Queen's look. @neicie625 wrote: "Love this!!! May be my favourite look from her ever." @isabelq42 added: "This is fantastic! So chic! Is it bold? Absolutely. Does she pull it off? YES!! She looks striking! Wow!!." This is not the first time Queen Mathilde has dazzled in a pink ensemble. Just yesterday, the Belgian Queen wore a pink Dries Von Noten dress. The day before, she wore a mid-length pink number with a matching clutch.