Carol Kirkwood, 60, has announced she is engaged to her boyfriend Steve. The BBC Breakfast presenter confirmed she was dating last June but little is known about her other half.  The star gave BBC Breakfast viewers a nice surprise this morning when she announced the engagement live on-air. She was presenting live from the Chelsea Flower Show while sporting a new ring on her left hand. It prompted colleagues Sally Nugent and Jon Kay to probe the weather star, at which point Carol announced the news. However, little is known at this time about Carol’s fiancé. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain The star confirmed their romance in June last year but did not reveal his identity. Opening up about the love between them, the former Strictly Come Dancing star told Prima magazine at the time: “I don’t want to say too much about my boyfriend. “I will say that he is very kind and very funny – he’s always making me laugh. And extremely handsome, as well. “He always makes me a cup of tea before I go to work in the morning, which is very romantic.  “It’s 2.45am and he often leaves me a little love note for when I come home from work. That, to me, is worth a million red roses.” She added: “He is the best thing that's ever happened to me, without a shadow of a doubt." Since splitting from cricketer and field hockey player Jimmy Kirkwood in 2008, the star has lived in her Maidenhead home. The two were married for 18 years from 1990 until 2008. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] During promotion for her debut romantic novel last year, Carol said of her partner: "He’s only a secret boyfriend because I never talk about him. “I always feel that through my job, I put myself in the public eye and am very happy, but my partner and my family and my friends haven’t, so I’m hugely respectful of their privacy. “I just don’t talk about them, other than to say that my partner is drop-dead gorgeous, he’s funny, he makes me very happy." Following her divorce from Jimmy, her closest companion was pet cat Donald, who the two adopted together in 2000. Sadly, Donald died in 2020. In an interview with the Daily Express, Carol previously confessed that Donald "ruled the roost" at home. "If I'm late back from work, I get a right telling off," she explained. "He can do no wrong. He'll sit outside his treats cupboard. “He looks at me with his big green eyes and I simply can't say no."