The public was provided with a glimpse into the future of the monarchy on Tuesday, May 10, when the Prince of Wales read the Queen's Speech on behalf of his mother, who was unable to head to the Houses of Parliament herself due to mobility issues. As the heir to the throne, Charles is destined to take over from his mother at the end of her reign. And this passage of duties may be a cause of concern for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, according to Australian royal commentator Daniela Elser. The journalist highlighted how Meghan and Harry have been able to maintain a good relationship with the Queen following their decision to step down as senior royals and relocate to California in the spring of 2020. The Duke himself has stressed multiple times during his interviews over the past two years he is very much in touch with his grandmother and shares a profound bond with her. On the other hand, he told Oprah Winfrey in his joint interview with Meghan in early 2021 he will always love his father but "there's a lot of hurt that's happened". The Duke added he would make it one of his priorities to heal the bond with Charles. Appearing on the Armchair Expert podcast and in the mental health series The Me You Can't See, Harry also appeared to criticise his upbringing. Moreover, in his latest interview with a US broadcaster in April he did not answer Hoda Kotb when asked whether he was missing his dad and brother William. READ MORE: Prince Harry dealt legal blow as judge slaps down Duke of Sussex Ms Elser claimed in an op-ed for News.com.au the glimpse into the future provided yesterday and the approaching of King Charles III's reign "should be a cause for serious alarm" for Meghan and Harry, as a number of decisions regarding their own future - including whether their children Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana will get a royal title - are set to be in the hands of the Duke's father. The commentator noted the father and son's relationship may worsen in the near future if Prince Harry criticises the Prince of Wales or his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in his upcoming memoir. Referring to the damaging allegations made by the Sussexes during their interview with Ms Winfrey last year and the brief statement by the Queen that followed, Ms Elser also wrote: "So far, Buckingham Palace’s handling of the Sussexes’ inflammatory interviews has been a tight-lipped refusal to engage, with the Queen famously waiting nearly two days to publicly respond to the couple’s allegations of royal racism and cruelty. "However, the Palace’s persistent reticence to descend into the ruck and maul of fighting a media war has meant they have largely not pushed back and that the Sussexes have had free rein to energetically spin things they want. "Again, this hands-off approach on the part of the Palace could very possibly go out the window under King Charles III. "He has waited a literal lifetime for the top job and his willingness to sit back and take whatever Molotov media cocktails the Sussexes might lob at the Palace in the future could be very, very limited." Ms Elser added Prince Charles's possible decision to take a harder line against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex if they criticised him or the Firm in the future would not just be "a personal" one. Rather, as a constitutional sovereign in the 21st century, Prince Charles must take measures to ensure the survival of the institution of monarchy. Ms Elser also said that the Palace under a new King could take an even harder line against the Sussexes. Prince Harry, Meghan and the Prince of Wales met face to face at Windsor Castle in April, where the Sussexes had travelled for their first joint visit to the Queen since March 2020. Harry did not publicly speak about the encounter with his father but told Ms Kotb how pleasant it had been for him to be able to be reunited with Her Majesty after several months apart. Speaking from The Hague, where he was to attend the Invictus Games, he told NBC's Today: "Being with her, it was great. It was just so nice to see her. "You know, she's on great form. She has always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her." Meghan and Harry will be reunited with the Queen and the rest of the Royal Family in June, as they announced last week they will travel across the pond with their children to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee during the extended bank holiday weekend. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Suss are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."