Designer radiator specialists, BestHeating, polled homeowners on renovation habits unveiling that nine in 10 have taken on a renovation since 2020. John Lawless, content marketing manager at BestHeating, commented: “When renovating a home, it can be confusing to know what to focus on and what will add value. “More than a third (37 percent) spend less than £10,000 when making updates, so hopefully our advice on five priority updates will provide some guidance on getting it right the first time and not waste money.” The first job to consider when doing any renovation work is structural issues. Results from BestHeating’s survey showed that one in 10 have made mistakes when changing a property’s structure, and these issues put people off more than any other factor when purchasing a new home. The experts said before any work is done, the building needs to be structurally sound, so this should be the “first part” of any renovation. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ They said: “This includes replacing ceilings, stabilising walls and fixing damp or leak problems. “Once the property is safe, an important renovation to make is the doors as this is easier to sort before making big changes. “Ensure there are no cracks, and that each lines up in the frame and closes properly. Doors also leave a lasting impression on guests and even smaller adjustments such as replacing handles or adding a door knocker to the front provide character.” If on a tight budget, John recommended painting and sanding doors rather than replacing them. DON'T MIS:‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [COMMENT]Interior design: ‘Key’ to a ‘cosy’ and ‘relaxing’ home [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells [INSIGHT] With the recent rise in energy costs, next on the list should be replacing radiators. According to the experts, they can add value to a house and save money on bills if they are new and efficient. The average three or four bedroomed home has 10 radiators and would cost around £1,600 to switch. The experts said: “Doing this is estimated to add £10,000 to the price of a property, representing a high return on investment.” John added: “With the current economy, it is vital to focus on future costs when renovating, and modern radiators are 50 percent more efficient and can save more than 10 percent on heating bills, which is a massive benefit following the energy price cap rise.” When these are done, the experts recommended taking a look at the kitchen. They said this should be the first full room to be renovated if needed, as it is one of the busiest areas of the home. A new kitchen costs about £8,000, according to the experts, but can add as much as 10 percent to the price of a property. BestHeating experts continued: “Next in line are floors where the main purposes are to change up the design, get rid of marking caused by wear and tear, and problems such as damp and creaks.” John added: “When replacing flooring it could be good to install underfloor heating at the same time which provides good efficiency, comfort and freedom as it allows space to be maximised in a room.” If new flooring isn’t within budget, painting wooden boards could transform a room. When it comes to home renovations, John recommended writing down the order of plans and priorities. He said: “This will provide a list to stick to, and budgets can be set for each change. “If the transformation involves structural or electrical wiring work, professional help should be sought as a substandard job could cause huge problems in the future.”