The French Open crowd was slammed by one of their own players after Novak Djokovic was booed while walking onto Court Suzanne-Lenglen for his fourth round clash with Diego Schwartzman. Alize Lim said she didn't like the crowd's reaction and told them it wasn't "respectful" while previewing the match on Eurosport. Djokovic is playing Schwartzman for the seventh time, hoping to book his spot in the French Open quarter-final where he could face a showdown with his long-time rival Rafael Nadal. The round-of-16 match was scheduled second on Lenglen on Sunday, and the Argentine's fans had already grown impatient before the players walked onto the court following the conclusion of the previous match between Martina Trevisan and Aliaksandra Sasnovich. Fans could be heard chanting "Diego" before the players stepped out, and Schwartzman received a huge cheer when he finally emerged from the tunnel. Reigning champion Djokovic was also initially greeted by cheers but some quickly turned to loud boos as French former world No 135 Alize Lim slammed their response on Eurosport and compared the atmosphere to a football match. "I think there’s both cheering and a little bit of booing aswell. I don’t like that. Come on, [it's] the world No 1. That’s not respectful," she said, before adding: "It sounds like a football match now already the way they are screaming." JUST IN: Naomi Osaka details terrifying experience running from false 'shooter'   Former world No 2 Alex Corretja also slammed the fans, adding: "I don't like that. It's Novak Djokovic. He has given us so much." The two-time runner-up in Paris also called on the fans to: "Just support both and enjoy the match. I hate it when they don't respect the players or boo them." Djokovic still received heavy cheers when he opened the game with a service hold and was then forced to fend off break points in his second game. Despite the love for his opponent in the stands, the world No 1 zoned in and saved the points before getting the first break himself. DON'T MISSFederer 'still has the flame burning' as agent provides return updateDjokovic and Nadal will play 'greatest ever French Open quarter-final'Emma Raducanu 'forgot' she won US Open and discusses being 'absorbed'  It's not the first time the French Open crowd has been criticised this week, as they booed one of their own players who was forced to retire injured on Saturday. Alize Cornet had both thighs heaving strapped and could barely move against Qinweng Zheng on Court Philippe-Chatrier, stopping the match at 0-6 0-3 down. She was booed and whistled at by her home fans and later admitted she felt like it was "abuse".  "The whistles almost hurt me more than the injury itself. It's abuse," she stated after the match. "When you see everything I've been giving on the court for years, it's unfair." 