The Prime Minister is under pressure from all wings of his party. Brexiteers want him to move faster and further on making the most of opportunities outside the EU, while the more liberal wing of the party wants more to be done to help households struggling with the cost of living crisis. In the face of increasingly negative polling for the Tories and fears among MPs that the party might lose the next election, Mr Johnson has sought to ease the nerves of his colleagues. Last Thursday Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed a bumper support package to help with rising energy prices. Then yesterday plans to return to imperial measurements now the UK is out of the EU were briefed. And today, proposals to slash red tape imposed on Britain while still a part of the bloc were unveiled. POLL: Do you want to bring back pounds and ounces? In isolation, the three announcements should have satisfied backbench Conservatives: selling the benefits of Brexit, and helping hard-working households in need. But the Prime Minister may have needed to act earlier to save his political future. For months, MPs have pleaded the Treasury to come up with a plan to deal with the economic crisis. For years, Brexiteers have wanted more action on making the most of being unshackled from Brussels. By now, Tories appear to have very little interest in Mr Johnson's legislative agenda and public anger of lockdown breaking gatherings in Downing Street gives them the perfect excuse to act. The recent announcements look to have done little to stop letters of no confidence in his leadership flying in. DON'T MISS:Inflation, strikes...it's the return of the 70s, says NICK FERRARI [COMMENT]Gove throws full weight behind Boris as Tory rebels plot to oust PM [IN DEPTH]‘Polls spell concern for Tories’ Boris warned ‘brand damage to linger' [INSIGHT] More than five Tory MPs have spoken out against the Prime Minister in the past 24 hours. It is thought as many as 24 have now admitted publicly to submitting letters of no confidence to the chairman of the Conservative Party's 1922 committee that is responsible for leadership elections. If 54 letters are sent in, a vote on Mr Johnson's future will be called. There is a feeling in Westminster that the threshold is now on the brink of being reached. When MPs return to Parliament next week after recess, a vote from Conservatives on whether to boot out the Prime Minister might be top of the agenda. Mr Johnson has shown over the last few days that he is in listening mode, ready to do what it takes to satisfy those who can determine his downfall. But based on the mood in the party right now, he will need to have plenty more announcements up his sleeve if he is to see off his critics' attack. The Prime Minister has seven days to save his political career.