Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan took to social media yesterday to share that a poster for his new programme Uncensored had been defaced with the word “a**e”. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the TalkTV host, 57, hailed the act of vandalism as “free speech”, while laughing it off. Piers reshared a post from a Twitter user named Backpainandwine that read: “Someone had written A**E with a big arrow pointing to Piers Morgan’s face on a bus stop advert for his new show, and that’s why I love East London.” He added: “That’s why I love East London too. Free speech at its finest!” The broadcaster did not seem to take offence over the expletive used as he added a laughing emoji to his tweet. Other Twitter users joined in on the joke as they replied to Piers’ remarks. Sholpin said: “They actually ran out of paint and it was meant to say ‘ARSENAL FAN’ lol.” (sic) Judoviolinpat quipped: “Free advertisement is always great!” MikeDaviesNow wrote: “I write it on the tv screen every time you’re on. It’s worth it but I’ve been through about 300 televisions.” Debra11661905 typed: “Don't worry piers we will still be watching your new TV Talk show.” (sic) For his new show’s first instalment, which aired last month on TalkTV, Piers interviewed former US President Donald Trump. Piers shared the news of his first TalkTV guest with his Twitter followers along with a teaser clip that showed Donald storming off after clashing with the presenter. In the video, Donald could be seen sitting down with Piers as he declared: “Okay, Piers I’m ready.” “I’ll be completely straight to you to your face,” Piers told the former US President. DON'T MISSAngelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine [LATEST]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring [PICTURES]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [INSIGHT] “I think I’m a very honest man,” Donald stated. “Much more honest than you.” Discussing Donald’s defeat in the US Presidential election to Joe Biden, Piers said: “It was a free and fair election – you lost.” “Only a fool would think that,” the former president hit back. “Do you think I’m a fool?” Piers asked, with the politician revealing: “I do now.” “With respect, you haven’t produced the hard evidence,” Piers argued. Cutting the TalkTV host off, Donald exclaimed: “Excuse me! I don’t think you’re real. Very dishonest.” As the pair continued to clash, Donald announced: “Let’s finish up the interview.” He then walked off while ordering: “Turn the camera off, very dishonest.”