Fans of Netflix’s romantic series Virgin River have been eagerly awaiting the release of season four after a jaw-dropping cliffhanger and it looks as though the wait could soon be over. The streaming platform took to Instagram to share an official release date and a number of first-look images.  It’s been almost a year since fans saw Mel Monroe's (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan's (Martin Henderson) relationship hit the rocks. The pair had a major disagreement about the future together after Jack felt the pressure of becoming a father of twins with his ex Charmaine Roberts (Lauren Hammersley). After a brief break-up, he promised to be committed to Mel and attempted to seal his vow with a proposal. However, Mel had a groundbreaking confession which threatened to shake their relationship, after announcing her pregnancy may not be his. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Since the finale, fans have been anticipating the fate of Mel and Jack’s relationship with a number of theories. The cast also kept the momentum going by frequently sharing behind the scenes footage of production up until they wrapped in December 2021. Thankfully for fans, the wait could soon be over as Netflix’s Netherlands and Belgium Instagram account posted exciting first look images and the highly anticipated release date. The series of photos includes Preacher (Colin Lawrence) and Paige (Lexa Dolg) seated outdoors and enjoying a glass of wine, which could hint at a new romance.  Things could also be looking up for Brady (Ben Hollingsworth) who was arrested for being in possession of the gun used against Jack. As he was pictured sharing a touching moment with his girlfriend Brie (Zibby Allen), who also happened to be Jack’s sister. Another snap showed Mel and Jack sharing a loving hug, which could indicate a happy result for the couple, perhaps a prenatal paternity test proved the baby was Jack’s. A third image showed Doc (Tim Matheson) and Hope (Annette O’Toole) were all smiles, despite his heartbreaking diagnosis of Wet AMD. DON'T MISS...Norway’s Eurovision 2022 win 'sealed’ with ‘novelty’ Subwoolfer song [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Benjamin Hollingsworth defends Will Smith slap [INSIGHT] The network paired the images, with a caption which read: “Virgin River is coming back to Netflix on July 20! Here's a sneak peek.” Although there was only this statement and no official announcement from Netflix, fans were sent into a complete meltdown of excitement. @rss1489 wrote: “I can’t wait.” A pleased @gwentblanchard added: “Finally.”  Another fan took to Reddit and shared the post amongst others, to which user Kamera26 stated: “I think Netflix Netherlands just jumped the gun. I'm sure it's legit.” While a sceptical Flutegarden responded: “I don’t think that’s reliable, nothing else I can find online says a release date.” Despite this, Sirenaly2022 commented: “I’m so excited.” Hopefully for fans, Netflix will release an official announcement to clear up any confusion. Virgin River is available on Netflix. 