Motorists have been urged by experts not to risk being charged with “morning after” drink driving as Britons prepare themselves to celebrate a long-awaited Platinum Jubilee weekend. Experts are estimating that over 15 million people will join in with the celebrations at the end of this week. However, they have warned that with at least 16,000 official street parties planned, most of them on Sunday, the school run on Monday morning could be a potential hazard as children return to school after the half term. If drivers drink four pints of medium-strong beer or four large glasses of wine, it can take up to 14 hours for the alcohol to leave their system. And, as the weekend approaches, police officers will step up their efforts to catch the offending motorists. Hunter Abbott, Managing Director of breathalyser firm AlcoSense, said: “Police traditionally step up roadside breath testing in June and are expected to be out in force over the Bank Holiday. READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles “Parents need to watch what they drink on Sunday if they will be driving their kids to school early on Monday. “Forty percent of all breath tests are carried out between 6am and 1pm”. Home Office data shows that in June 2020 (the most recent year available), nearly one in five drivers (19 percent) stopped by police were over the alcohol limit. Cambridgeshire was the UK’s drink-drive hotspot with 38 percent of drivers failing the test, followed by Gloucestershire (35 percent) and Staffordshire (30 percent). DON'T MISS 'War on motorists continues': Drivers angry at councils for new fines [INSIGHT] Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [REVEAL] Drivers warned of 'avalanche' of fines as councils get new powers [WARNING] In a poll conducted by AlcoSense, over a third of motorists (36 percent) thought that the ability to drive is only impaired if they are actually over the legal drink-drive limit. But motorists are in fact 13 times more likely to be involved in a fatal crash at the English and Welsh limit, research shows. Mr Abbott said: “Just a small amount of alcohol slows your reaction time, inhibits judgement, and reduces both concentration and co-ordination - increasing the likelihood of an accident.” An estimated 6,480 people were killed or injured on Britain’s roads in 2020 in collisions where at least one driver was over the drink-drive limit. This includes 220 fatalities, with drunk drivers causing 15 percent of all road deaths. This is according to the latest figures from the Department for Transport. Drivers will also face huge fines, a six-month driving ban, and double insurance prices if they are convicted of drink-driving. If a motorist is driving or attempting to drive while above the legal limit they may receive six months imprisonment, an unlimited fine, and a driving ban for at least one year (three years if convicted twice in 10 years). Experts at Admiral have also revealed that car insurance costs will increase by 152 percent for drivers who are convicted. Being in charge of a vehicle while above the legal limit or unfit through drink can lead to three months imprisonment, a fine of up to £2,500, and a possible driving ban. Driving or attempting to drive while above the legal limit or unfit through drink can lead to six months imprisonment, an unlimited fine, and a driving ban for at least one year (three years if you have been convicted twice in 10 years). Refusing to provide a specimen of breath, blood, or urine for analysis can lead to six months of imprisonment, an unlimited fine, and a driving ban for at least one year. Causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink can lead to 14 years imprisonment, an unlimited fine, a ban from driving for at least two years, and an extended driving test before your licence is returned. On top of the fines, drivers could also face double insurance costs. Admiral Insurance has issued a warning to drivers that a drink-driving conviction could see motor insurance premiums rise by a huge 152 percent. For some drivers it could be higher, if it included a driving ban or disqualification.