Ronnie O'Sullivan plans to play in 'most things' next season after his record-levelling World Snooker Championship success at the start of the month. O'Sullivan's triumph at the Crucible sparked questions about how far he can extend his 30-year career, and he has now seemingly responded. The 46-year-old became the oldest world champion in professional snooker history by beating Judd Trump 18-13 in Sheffield. He is now level with Stephen Hendry with seven World Snooker Championship crowns and has been tipped to become the outright winner down the line. However, O'Sullivan has often hinted at retirement and his plans to take starting a more reserved approach to the snooker season have often been pondered. But the king of the Crucible is eyeing a productive 2022-23 season on the table. O'Sullivan has revealed he plans to play in 'virtually every tournament' next season, suggesting he could return to action at the European Masters in Switzerland in August. Another potential return tournament could be September's British Open, which he withdrew from last year. JUST IN: O'Sullivan refuses to take Ali stance after World Championship success  "The season starts again in August, so I'm pretty much going to play in most things," O'Sullivan added. "Come September/October time, I'll start getting my head down again to practise. I'm just going to play in virtually every tournament." The snooker legend believes he can produce another 'decent' five years and thinks the sport is 'on the up'. But he has stressed that he needs to recover after the World Championship, comparing the gruelling length of matches to Grand Slams in tennis. READ MORE: 'Don't listen to him' John Parrott accuses Ronnie O'Sullivan of lying  He told Eurosport: "It is really good that everybody is excited by snooker again. Maybe it has taken a little turn and is on the up. It is a long time playing at the World Championship, a lot of stress, and I'm just recovering. It is hard work, but it was job done, so worth it. "I'm 46 banging on 47, so to know I can still win it lets me know I could have another five decent years. It is such a long tournament. It is a bit like the Grand Slams in tennis when they play five sets rather than just the three. It is more about lasting the event more than anything."