Hollywood actor Jamie Bartlett has died aged 55. The British-born South African actor's death was confirmed to South Africa's eNCA by a family member. The star is best known for appearing in films including Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom in 2013 and White Lion in 2010. The cause of death has not yet been announced. Following Bartlett's death, tributes have begun to pour in for the star. One fan wrote: "Terrible news hey. Rest in peace #JamieBartlett", while another added: "Super sadness about Jamie Bartlett". Twitter user @marcus_moyo wrote: "Terrible news hey. Rest in peace #JamieBartlett." @Rikkising penned; "RiP Jamie Bartlett. You played the villain with such aplomb, acting, at its delightful best. You will be missed." While @CongoMakaota added: "The Legendary Jamie Bartlett, condolences to the family #ripdavidgenaro." @3lcreador commented: "I grew up watching this legend. RIP Jamie Bartlett." @teewhy_bisuga also said: "RIP Jamie Bartlett. Will never forget how well you played david genaro in rhythm city. May the lord grant your loved ones the fortitude to bear this loss." (sic) Bartlett was born to a South African mum and British dad in Maidenhead, UK. He launched his movie career with the 1987 action sequel film American Ninja 2. Six years later, he also starred in American Ninja 5. He also featured as a judge in the reality show South Africa's Got Talent. The star was in a long-term relationship with Rosa Lixious who was soon inundated with messages of support from followers on Instagram. She has yet to address the tragic news. A day ago she shared a clip of herself and Bartlett dancing in a nightclub surrounded by their friends. She captioned the video: "About last night at @012_lifestyle_brooklyn Champagne poppin." (sic) "@realjamiebartlett @kari_khabola @_enja_69_middleton Thank you for making my night extra special as always," she told her 24,000 followers. Earlier this month, Bartlett had shared a snap of himself and Rosa together. He wrote: "Life is better with my everyday day crush by my side."