Manchester United are currently preparing for their final Premier League match of the season against Crystal Palace. It will be Ralf Rangnick’s last game in the dugout and, for many, the end of the campaign can’t come quick enough. So, though it’s been a dire year at Old Trafford, Express Sport will now take a look at five players who can hold their heads up high. At the start of the season, many were expecting David De Gea to be dropped for Dean Henderson. Yet the Spain international has been back to his best this term, with the veteran producing the sort of impressive displays he managed regularly under Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. De Gea himself has been happy with his performances, with the former Atletico Madrid star saying: "We all know it's been a tough season for us. But for myself, I'm very proud of my season, to be honest. "I worked really hard in the summer to come here, to be ready to play, to show my qualities and to try to help the team and I think I did very well, the best and good as I can. “I think I played very consistent this season and I helped the team a lot, so I'm happy with my performance. “Maybe it's one of my best seasons. I've had very good seasons before but I think it's been a very good one." Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It appeared as though Cristiano Ronaldo would end up at Manchester City at one point last year. Yet United chose to re-sign the veteran instead, delighting fans and sponsors in the process. Though Ronaldo isn’t the player he once was, his 24 goals across all competitions show the Portugal international isn’t done yet. The 37-year-old is now poised to hang around for the Erik ten Hag era, despite the fact the Red Devils will be playing in the Europa League next term. And United will be hopeful Ronaldo takes to their new manager as they set their sights on winning the Premier League title. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yes, Bruno Fernandes hasn’t operated at the same high level as previous years. But the former Sporting Lisbon midfielder has still been better than the vast majority of his team-mates, even if he looks like he needs a summer of rest. With 10 goals to his name, only Ronaldo has scored more than Fernandes. And he’s also clocked up the most assists of any player at Old Trafford with 13 from 45 matches this term. United recently gave him a new contract and are hoping Fernandes can improve under Ten Hag, who encourages risk-taking football. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Anthony Elanga was tipped for a bright future by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But it’s under Rangnick where the Sweden international has produced his best performances this term. Elanga has ousted Marcus Rashford from the German’s pecking order to become a regular in the United team. With three goals, and two assists, he’s certainly done his chances of making the grade no harm at all. Elanga is another player who Ten Hag will look to improve, with Rangnick immensely impressed by the youngster’s attitude and application both on and off the field. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fred has been extremely maligned during his time at United. But the Brazil international has still done well this term, even if the bar is admittedly set rather low. Fred has scored four goals for the club - more than he’s managed for United in a single campaign in the past. And he’s also managed a respectable five assists. With United looking to sign a midfielder in this summer’s transfer window, however, it’s unclear whether Fred will be a key asset for the team under Ten Hag.