Outlander has been airing on Starz and Starzplay and fans have been keen to know if the series stays true to Diana Gabaldon's novels. The sixth outing is made up of eight episodes, with the finale airing today, May 1. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. The finale for season six is just around the corner and Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) sees her future at stake. She faces trial for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) despite the fact she was not responsible. Her fight for freedom will dominate the final episode and she gets lucky in an unexpected way. With war looming, this could be her way out, as the official synopsis suggests. It reads: "Richard Brown and his Committee of Safety arrive to arrest Claire for murder. READ MORE: Outlander star to return for 'future episodes' after brief appearance "However, due to the rising political tensions in the colonies, Brown’s plan to find a judge for a trial does not go as expected." As for whether the story will continue beyond the finale, fans will be pleased to hear season seven is already in the pipeline. Back at the start of April 2022, production started for the new season and a photo was shared of the cast on set. The official Outlander Twitter account shared the news, saying: "The cast and crew are back at it - #Outlander Season 7 is in production!" The photo featured Balfe with Sam Heughan, Sophie Skelton, and Richard Rankin.  Jamie actor Heughan also shared a behind the scenes photo of himself with his co-stars, striking fun poses. He captioned the photo: "Wait!!! Is that @Outlander_STARZ season…. 7!?!?!? yazzz." [Sic] The seventh season will be based on the book Echo in the Bone. Gabaldon's website offers a description of the story and gives some insight into what fans can expect. The website says: "Set in America, London, Canada, and Scotland. DON'T MISS... Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] Outlander season 6 theory: Jamie and Claire flee Fraser’s Ridge [THEORY] Who killed Malva Christie in the Outlander books? [EXPLAINER] "The book’s cover image reflects the internal shape of the novel: a caltrop. "That’s an ancient military weapon that looks like a child’s jack with sharp points. "The Romans used them to deter elephants, and the Highway Patrol still uses them to stop fleeing perps in cars. "This book has four major storylines: Jamie and Claire; Roger and Brianna (and family); Lord John and William; and Young Ian, all intersecting in the nexus of the American Revolution and all of them with sharp points." All of the main cast are expected to reprise their roles for the new season. Future plans for the series were first discussed back in 2019, so season seven has been on the cards for some time. The series is likely to continue for the foreseeable future, as executive producer Maril Davis explained. At the Television Critics’ Association press tour in January 2019, he said: "We'll keep making this until Claire and Jamie are a hundred. "Honestly, we will. There's still many more books to go. And if Starz and Sony are willing, we're willing, and if the actors are willing, we'll keep going."  Outlander season 6 is available to watch on Starz and Starzplay.