The Repair Shop host Jay Blades was interviewed by Nicky Chapman on Saturday who was sitting in for Claudia Winkleman on BBC Radio 2. The 52-year-old discussed an upcoming special of the heartwarming BBC programme linked to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. He recalled how his colleague Steve Fletcher was tasked with restoring an "unbelievable" lantern used by Beefeaters in the Tower of London which was in desperate need of repair. Fascinating family heirlooms have been presented to Jay in The Repair Shop's iconic barn over the past few years, but the host was left speechless over a historic lantern one guest brought in. The father-of-one told Nicky he was looking forward to viewers watching an upcoming episode of the programme which celebrates the Queen's 70-year reign. He said one guest, who was a Beefeater, wanted a 103-year-old lantern, which he used while he was locking up the Tower of London at night, restored. Nicky had a sound clip from the moment Jay was presented with the extraordinary lantern and played it on the radio show. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star The Beefeater told Jay in the clip: "I have brought in a lantern, it's a special lantern to us." "Hold on, let me just take this in for a minute," Jay replied. "We've had lanterns before but we have never had anything like that." After the guest explained the significance of the item a shocked Jay added: "I'm stunned, I am lost for words." After the clip was aired, Jay told Nicky: "To have it in the barn was a real honour, and when you see this lantern, I can't wait for you guys to see it, it's not [a normal lantern]. "Now this is a lantern with its own destination and its own postcode, it is unbelievable, I have never seen a lantern like it." When Nicky asked whether the end result was a massive reveal for the Beefeater, he said: "It was and it was a big repair because the lantern was almost going to fall as the handle was really wobbly and it was really in need of repairing." Jay gushed that his co-star Stev "did a blinding job" at restoring the historic lantern. "He's done us so proud, and I think he's done the country proud with that one," Jay exclaimed. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Steve Fletcher fights back tears over music box [VIDEO]Repair Shop star Jay Blades opens up in emotional update with fiancée [INSIGHT]Jay Blades: The Repair Shop star left 'broken' amid struggles [LATEST] The pair discussed other items which will be coming up in the Jubilee special and Nicky wondered whether the experts still get nervous when tasked with repairing people's prized possessions. Jay explained: "All of the experts get nervous, people bring in an item that sometimes has never left their family and trust us with it. "Each expert looks after that item and they are the only ones who are allowed to touch it and that is the kind of cardinal rule in The Repair Shop. "It's my repair, it's my responsibility, I need to be able to look after it unless there is a collaboration." He stressed how no other person in The Repair Shop is allowed to touch other people's items which need restoring. When Nicky asked if Jay ever felt pressure he confidently replied: "No I never feel the pressure, the team has more than 600 years of experience behind them so I am good." The Jubilee special for The Repair Shop, which airs next Wednesday evening, will see four heirlooms with a royal connection brought back to life. Series 10 of The Repair Shop airs on Wednesdays at 8pm on BBC One.