That is just as well - because the nation’s favourite clock is ticking for Parliament to get through one of the busiest legislative programmes in 15 years. We haven’t got a moment to lose to pass the bills announced yesterday and help unleash the potential of everyone in this country. So as the red carpet is rolled up in Westminster, it's time for us lawmakers to roll up our sleeves. Over the next week MPs are debating the legislative agenda set out in the Queen’s Speech. The package they’re getting to grips with is the result of months of planning behind the scenes. The Cabinet committee I chair has road-tested each proposed law to ensure they'll meet the Prime Minister's priority of helping get our country back on track after Covid. Taken together they tackle the issues our constituents have made clear they’re worried about on the doorstep: addressing the cost of living, keeping people safe, lifting the challenges faced by families and by businesses. We are creating a Britain which we can be truly proud of. From Antrim to Aberystwyth, from Dundee to Derby, bills like the Transport Bill and the Schools Bill will continue our drive to unlock talent and unleash the potential of people and businesses. The Levelling Up and Regeneration Bill will rejuvenate towns and cities, making the most of what is truly great about Britain. By putting power back into the hands of local leaders and the community we will restore neighbourhood pride. We’ll drive forward our work to make the most of our exit from the European Union by introducing a new series of bills, enabling us to shape a new path and capitalise on the new freedoms cherished by our Parliament and by Express readers alike. The Government will make it easier to scrap old EU law through the Brexit Freedoms Bill. We’re delivering the first ‘from scratch’ Free Trade Agreements in over 50 years. And to make the UK an even more attractive place to invest and do business we’re slashing red tape. There’s nothing like the grandeur of a State Opening to put a spring in the step of everyone in Westminster. Yesterday we saw the familiar scenes of Black Rod banging three times on the Commons door, of MPs cramming together into the Lords to hear the Speech - and the not-so-familiar scene of me, a farmer from Nottinghamshire, joining the procession. Today the morning suit is put away, though. We’re back at work to pass the laws which will help set our country up for success. As Big Ben will remind us every hour on the hour, there’s no time to waste.