On Saturday night, the results for the Eurovision Contest 2022 sent shockwaves with BBC viewers when the UK came second to Ukraine in a nail-biting grand finale. UK's entry Sam Ryder came out on top with 283 points from the jury vote, however, when it came to the public vote, Ukraine's entry Kalush Orchestra were crowned the winners with their song Stefania. The crowd cheered with delight as Ukraine won the 2022 competition, and when they arrived on stage, they thanked viewers for their ongoing support. Lead singer Oleh Psiuk said: "Thank you so much. "Thank you for supporting Ukraine. This victory is for every Ukrainian." However, in the band's first interview since their victory, they discussed how they were feeling 24 hours on from the contest. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene Speaking in an exclusive Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, the orchestra said they are hopeful that next year's Eurovision Song Contest will be held in Ukraine. "If President Zelensky says this going to happen, it’s going to happen," Oleh said. "We will host Eurovision in a newly rebuilt and happy Ukraine." Earlier today, it was reported that the UK could play host to next year's competition due to the war currently happening in Ukraine. Despite the uncertainty, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has also urged the competition to come to Ukraine. Following his country's triumph, he said: "We will do our best to one day host the participants and guests of Eurovision in Ukrainian Mariupol. Free, peaceful, rebuilt." Discussing what it meant for Ukraine to win, the lead singer continued: "First of all, I would really like to thank everyone voting for Ukraine, this victory means a lot to us, especially now. "I am so happy our effort really paid off and that we can now bring good news to Ukraine because we’re not getting that much good news in Ukraine, as you know..." DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST]Amanda Holden horrified as BGT crew member 'set on fire' [VIDEO] Discussing the message they would like to send out to the world following their win, Oleh said: "Help Ukraine in any aspect you can, whichever way you can. "Yesterday, I made a statement about Azovstal for a reason, it’s a huge disaster that is really painful for us, people are being held hostage and they are not being let out. "And this is what we’re asking. But this is just one spot, Ukraine is at war. "Missiles hitting residential buildings, people's homes, people who have nothing to do with the war." "I mean it’s like chaos, a sick lottery with all those missiles," he added. " So help us with information, spread the word, use the mass media, make sure those outlets talk about this. This is how you could help us." The singer went on to admit that the band haven't celebrated their win just yet because of the war. "We haven’t really celebrated yet," he explained before adding: "We’ll probably have a big celebration after the war. "Winning Eurovision is fantastic, but there’s so much stuff going on. I mean, people get killed in this war, or they fight in this way, lose their jobs, things like that. So it’s not really the best background for celebration." The Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.