Mr Fox sat down with Ellie Mae O'Hagan, from Class think tank and journalist Jo Coburn to discuss the latest Government decision. The demand for cheaper healthier food has been ongoing in the UK, a health survey from 2019 showed an estimated 28 per cent of adults in England would now be considered obese. The actor, turned political commentator, claimed he didn't think it was up to the Government to get involved in what businesses do. The Reclaim Party founder explained why he didn't want to be told what he can eat by UK Government ministers.  Mr Fox told BBC Politics Live: "I don't think it's up to the Government, I don't think the Government should be getting involved in this stuff. "It's not their business, let businesses act how they want to act how businesses want to act." Ms Coburn said: "Right, so you weren't in favour of the ban in the first place, and what about the U-turn on it?" Mr Fox added: "I don't... I don't want to be told by Government ministers what I can eat, thanks very much."  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike      Mr Johnson's decision to scrap plans on cheap food deals and unhealthy products in the UK has been heavily criticised. The cost of living crisis has plunged some Brits into poverty, leading them to rely on foodbanks to feed themselves and their families. British chef and healthy food campaigner Jamie Oliver said: "This is a wasted opportunity and it starts to erode the whole obesity strategy." “I really hope the PM proves me wrong and shows real leadership to give young people a healthier and fairer future.”   READ MORE: 'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'      The Government have been pledging to create change in the UK food sector. Public Health Minister Maggie Throup said: "We’re committed to doing everything we can to help people live healthier lives." "Pausing restrictions on deals like buy one, get one free will allow us to understand their impact on consumers in light of an unprecedented global economic situation."  DON’T MISS: UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll shows Some health experts have criticised the Department of Health for not doing enough. Tam Fry, chairman of the National Obesity Forum, said: "The truth is nothing much has changed, which is appalling. "Last year's Queen Speech promised action on obesity - particularly in the early years. This year it didn't mention the obesity crisis once. I will chastise the Department of Health and Social Care for failing to monitor children's health properly for 20-plus years." 