The Foreign Secretary announced this week the Government’s plan to give billions of pounds less in foreign aid to international organisations such as the United Nations. Instead, the Foreign Office will spend the aid money on individual projects and countries in a bid to promote foreign policy. However, GB News’ Colin Brazier has argued the Government should be more concerned with the cost of living crisis. Brazier noted: “There are some Red Wall Tories who think the foreign aid budget is immoral and corrosive. “That it’s wrong to send money abroad when there are food banks at home. “They point to our £12bn aid budget – smaller than it was – but still enough to cancel out the recent rise in National Insurance. “The Government seems to be inching towards their position, albeit slowly.” Read more: Prince Harry 'plotting to bring monarchy down' claims royal expert “What Liz Truss announced in the Commons today might sound bureaucratic and technical, but it’s actually highly significant,” he continued. “We’re cutting out the middle man. Less money for the UN and World Bank. These multinational bodies really do know how to spend your cash. “David Miliband, for instance, who runs the International Rescue Committee in New York, earns a million dollars a year. “We will now give money directly to countries we think deserve it. An example of this is Poland, with whom we’ve struck a bilateral deal to fund humanitarian efforts in Ukraine.” He quipped: “Well, I’ve no idea whether Liz Truss knows her Dickens, but she’d do well to study the character of Mrs Jellyby in Bleak House, who famously is so keen to help the poor of Africa that she neglects her own children. “As Britain faces an acute cost of living crisis, foreign aid cannot be ring-fenced. “An army of NGOs, charities, politicians and academics will circle the wagons whenever a cut is even suggested. “But these aren’t the people who are struggling most right now. If the Tories want to help the poor, charity has to start at home.” DON'T MISSDoctor slaps down idea of all-vegan hospital meals 'Already an issue' [INSIGHT]Headteacher blasts unions claiming students' behaviour is ok [INTERVIEW]Scheming' Sturgeon shoots herself in foot as independence bid 'failed' [VIDEO] GB News viewers agreed with Brazier as @lynnjackson57 tweeted: “Well said Colin Brazier the voice of common sense.” @Shelltop8 added: “@GBNEWS Foreign Aid has to be directed sensibly to meet the mutual interests of Britain and the nations concerned. “It has been poorly managed & badly targeted, given to those that don’t share our values, corrupt regimes & organisations and unsurprisingly wasted. Reduce and reform please.” (sic) Aid charities have criticised the Government’s new plan for focusing more on promoting UK trade than ending poverty. Currently, nearly 40 percent of the UK’s aid budget is given to the UN, the World Bank, European Union and other global bodies to spend on aid. But, this will be reduced to 25 percent by 2025 in a bid to “focus funding on UK priorities”. This new approach will mean the UK can “control exactly how taxpayers’ money is used”. GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel on weekdays at 6am.