Rafael Nadal’s injury record isn’t a cause of concern for Mats Wilander as the French Open creeps closer. The Spaniard will be aiming to win a 22nd Grand Slam of his career when the tournament starts on May 22. And he’ll have to be at his best amid competition from some of the best players on the planet. Nadal has won a stunning 13 French Open titles over the course of his career, more than any other player in history. However, as the tournament at Roland Garros prepares to commence, there are some fears over the 35-year-old’s fitness. Nadal said last week that daily training was a challenge for him and that he’d be taking a doctor with him to Paris as he prepares for action. He’s only just recently returned from a stress fracture in his ribs and he’s had issues with his foot, too. But Wilander has insisted he’s not concerned about Nadal and compared the Spaniard to a horse because of how he’s able to ‘run as fast as he can and fight’. “No, not at all. Rafa's career is like that,” Wilander told Marca when asked if he was worried about the Spaniard. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I always compare Rafa to a horse: he will run as fast as he can and fight. His effort has no limits, his limit is injuries. “He will continue until an injury does not allow him to play anymore. “The reality is that he has learned to come back from injuries and he always comes back. You always see something different in him when he's back. “One day he won't be able to come back. He hinted that he might not be able to last year and the results have proven him wrong. “It is true that he could feel injured in Rome, but he knows how to preserve his physique to give himself a chance at Roland Garros.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Wilander does think, however, that Carlos Alcaraz will pose a threat to Nadal’s chances of Grand Slam glory. The 19-year-old has been in stunning form of late and, at the start of the month, beat Alexander Zverev to win the Madrid Open. And Wilander thinks he’s ready to make a big impact in France, saying: “I never saw someone with his way of acting and his freshness. “He is relaxed on court, the opposite feeling when you see Nadal on court, he never seems to be relaxed and that he has the best attitude I have ever seen. “I love how he acts, it is very important for tennis that there is a player who seems to be enjoying himself so much, who likes to compete so much and who hates losing. “It's like the example to follow: I don't want you to be like Nadal, like Federer or Djokovic, I want you to be like Alcaraz because he has everything.” Former tennis player Alex Corretja, meanwhile, thinks Nadal is entering the tournament with a ‘question mark’ hanging over him. "It will be decided by whether Djokovic and Nadal will keep their consistency or whether Alcaraz's enthusiasm will come to the fore,” he said. “That is the only thing that should be 'unpacked' in the coming weeks. "It's difficult to say who has the best chances... If you look at the ATP list and the moment, Novak is in a good position, and Rafa is the only one with a question mark. "He is in a great position before coming to the tournament. I'm not sure if I should call him the exclusive favourite, because it depends on whether Nadal will get into his rhythm. "Alcaraz should be placed a little below them, because he is younger and we don't know how he will cope with two weeks of play and five-set matches. “Novak still deserves credit to be the favourite, as we speak."