Married At First Sight Australia's Olivia Frazer and Domenica Calarco were breakout stars of the 2022 season. The quirky reality TV series featured a fierce rivalry between the two brides, which started over Domenica's OnlyFans account. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the stars are now. Olivia came into the spotlight after sharing a nude photo of Domenica with the MAFS cast during filming last year. Since then the pair have struggled to make amends and Domenica has since spoken out about Olivia's latest updates. Olivia left fans in shock after sharing a photo of herself in lingerie, and they believed she was considering setting up an OnlyFans account herself. Domenica told her Instagram followers she has "no respect" for Olivia and sarcastically wished her "good luck". They are both at Australian Fashion Week this week and Domenica said she would "walk the other way" if she ran into Olivia. READ MORE: Patrick and Belinda Married At First Sight Australia: Where are they? Olivia on the other hand, said she was not worried about seeing the rival bride. "I wouldn't go up to her, that's for sure. But I also wouldn't run away. "I've done nothing wrong so I have no reason to run," she told Daily Mail Australia. Olivia opened up to her Instagram fans about her biggest regrets about having been on the show. She told her fans: "I do absolutely take accountability for everything that I've said. "I always have, I always did. You guys just never got to see it. "Let's just say, I'm friends with most of the cast still. "So there's no way if I was as awful as I look on TV that I would walk away with so many friends and the love of my life. "Jackson [Lonie] wouldn't put up with that [expletive]." Olivia and Jackson are still together to this day and they shared a romantic photo in front of a sunset on Olivia's Instagram page. DON'T MISS... Are Domenica and Jack from MAFS Australia back together? [INSIGHT] Ella and Brent MAFS Australia: Are Ella and Brent dating? [EXPLAINER] MAFS Australia experts accused of 'open hostility' toward couple [DISCUSSION] The photo was captioned: "Our first off-camera date." As for Domenica, she was partnered with Jack Millar for the ninth season of MAFS. They have been through a difficult journey, having split up after the series ended. However, after the reunion aired, they shared photos that suggested a rekindled romance. She shared a photo of herself with Jack on Instagram, saying: "What a wild ride it's been, couldn't have done it without @jackomillar holding my hand." In the photo, Jack is seen kissing her on the cheek and their hands are intertwined. Meanwhile, on Olivia's socials, she was asked whether she and Jackson would consider setting up an OnlyFans account. She said: "Absolutely not opposed to it. It’s good money … I don’t know, maybe.” This came after Domenica's OnlyFans account came to light.  Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on ALL4.