James Martin may have danced six inches off his waist, but the celebrity chef also modified his diet. How did he lose weight without restricting or counting calories, and still enjoy food? The chef's substantial weight loss "totally changed" him. Not only did his skin improve as a result of his new healthy lifestyle, the chef revealed that he felt more confident than ever. Some even thought that James looked taller, which, while "ridiculous", speaks to how "comfortable" the chef now looked, he said. But how did he do it, and why? READ MORE: Michael Mosley shares diet for rapid weight loss - what to avoid  James said he was "self-conscious" when it came to his frame. Watching himself on TV, he was aware of his size, and he also noticed that his costumes on Strictly were tight. But the weight soon dropped off, with James rehearsing a whopping eight hours a day, five days a week, for four months, alongside dance partner Camilla Dallerup. However, this level of activity was not sustainable: "Maintaining the loss was extremely difficult, and I was really in danger of piling it back on," he told The Herald in 2006. In order to keep the weight off, James addressed his diet. "A chef's diet is notoriously bad, despite the lovely food you're preparing for other people all day. "We tend to cram in calories on the hoof, and at the end of a long day the last thing you feel like is going home and cooking a proper meal for yourself." So he decided to swap processed food for "fresh" produce, making a "conscious decision" to cook at home. "I no longer stuff my face with really bad things such as takeaway pizza, Mars bars and fizzy soft drinks, which I used to have tons of during my working day, just like almost every other chef in the country. "Now I eat fish twice a week as well as loads of vegetables and fresh fruit." Oily fish is a great source of protein, which keeps the body fuller for longer. Additionally, Omega 3 fatty acids are known to help factors such as high cholesterol and high blood pressure, with James sharing that heart disease runs in his family. The chef even fronted a campaign to see the nation eat more oily fish: "Heart disease is actually preventable." For other slimmers on their weight loss journey, James simplified the process: "To say that good food is elitist is just tosh. "Good food is simply cooked food - it's not rocket science." In more recent years, James Martin revealed another weight loss tactic - drinking water and cutting out fizzy drinks. "The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird," he told Hello.