Liberal Democrat MP Christine Jardine took aim at the Boris Johnson’s Government for their lack of response to the ongoing cost-of-living crisis fuelled by hikes in energy prices and inflation. The Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak has been under mounting pressure to provide additional support but has so far failed to do so. The Conservative minister Rachel MacLean has suggested struggling families should take on more hours and seek better-paid work opportunities to cushion the effect of rising prices. For Ms Jardine, the remarks are further proof that the Government is disconnected from people’s financial struggles. Speaking to GB News, Ms Jardine slammed: "It shows that this government really has no empathy. "What about people who are struggling, who are genuinely struggling, who are already working as many hours as they can and are finding that the cost of living, and the energy bills are just making life impossible. "I don’t think for people in this country and the struggles that they’re facing, (the government) doesn’t understand and doesn’t realise that what they really need is action to improve the economy. "You need to stop diddling, introduce a windfall tax and just get on with trying to fix the mess that we’re in." UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson is reportedly considering imposing a windfall tax on oil and gas giants, as Shell and BP saw their profits go through the roof with oil and gas price hikes. Tory MPs have expressed their discontent at the Government’s lack of response since the Queen’s Speech when no mention of the cost-of-living crisis was made. A survey from the Office for National Statistics showed a quarter of respondents are struggling to pay their bills and 17 percent have opted for loans or credit cards to get by. READ MORE: Russian threat to UK ramps up amid Finland NATO bid When asked about her thoughts on the comments made by conservative minister Rachel Maclean, Ms Jardine said: "you know what? It just reminds of Norman Tebbit’s get on your bike and look for a job that pays bill. "It’s so out of touch with the reality of life for so many people in this country. "It’s easy to say: get a better job. "And yes, there will be people who are thinking: I can get a better job, I can maybe work more hours." DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris scrap protocol and get DUP back into Stormont? [POLL]'Endemic' Whitehall sickness cost £350m [REPORT]Have Your Say: Boris urged to rip up hated Brexit deal - should he? [POLL] "But that doesn’t work for everybody", Ms Jardine added. "What about the single parents who can’t work more hours? "What about pensioners who are struggling in this? "How about should they go back out to work until 75?"