Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles visited the National War Memorial in Ottawa earlier today. The royal couple is on a four day visit to Canada, and for day two, Camilla opted for a bright blue coat and accessorised her outfit with a well-loved nude leather bag. The blue coat is believed to be new in the Duchess’ wardrobe. It was collarless but had small applique detailing at the top of the coat where it met around her collar. The shape was A-line, with pleats forming from the waist and it hit just below the knee. Underneath the coat, Camilla wore a navy floral dress. READ MORE: Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' In terms of jewellery, alongside her stunning engagement ring, the Duchess chose a string of pearls and pearl drop earrings. Her handbag was a small nude number, by designer Bottega Veneta. The exact design is the ‘Intrecciato small leather shoulder bag’ and it’s worth a whopping £2220.40. Royal fans wanting to copy Camilla’s style will be disappointed as the bag is no longer available. DON'T MISS...Carole Middleton 'in charge' of George, Charlotte and Louis [EXPERT]Prince William pictured on ANOTHER key royal mission assigned by Queen [LATEST]Prince Edward takes the Tube after Duke of Edinburgh engagement [PICTURES] On her feet were her trusty Sole Bliss chunky heels. Camilla had chosen the nude suede, with a black toe Ingrid heels for the occasion. They retail at £159 and come in an array of colours and materials. Following the wreath laying, and despite a packed schedule, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall went met with the crowds who had lined the streets. Following the wreath laying, and despite a packed schedule, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall went met with the crowds who had lined the streets. They then headed inside where they met the Governor General of Canada. Their tour of Canada forms part of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. While Charles and Camilla are in Canada, several other members of the Royal Family are busy making appearances across the UK. Kate Middleton stepped out alongside Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward for a Buckingham Palace garden party today. 