Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, has taken to social media today to share a selfie along with a reflective cryptic quote. The actress uploaded a selfie on Instagram, where she boasts a following of 11.9 million. In the picture, Jada could be seen wearing a luxurious emerald velvet blazer that she paired with gold jewellery. She kept her makeup classic with a subtle winged eyeliner over smokey eyeshadow in earthy tones. Along with her picture, Jada added the caption: “Smile within your heart and be reminded that life is a gift and so are you.” It comes after her husband Will is said to have travelled to India by himself on a leisure trip to practice yoga and meditation. A source told PEOPLE, that the Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air star embarked on the trip “for spiritual purposes”, after he was pictured at Mumbai airport. Will previously publicly apologised for slapping Chris Rock, before resigning from the Academy. In a statement shared on Instagram, Will said he “deeply regrets” his behaviour at the Oscars and added that he is “a work in progress”. Will Smith walked onto the stage to slap comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada, sporting a buzzcut. Jada has alopecia, a condition that causes hair loss. On his official Instagram account, Will expressed “regret” over his actions at the awards ceremony and also explained why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”. He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [INSIGHT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson says she knows 'how Helen Skelton feels' after split [UPDATE] “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." Will added: ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. “I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. “I am a work in progress. Sincerely, Will.”