Dame Joanna Lumley, 76, has entered the ongoing discussion surrounding the Queen’s upcoming events to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. The legendary actress said the Royal Family will likely be “thrilled” but also “terribly anxious” over Her Majesty’s wellbeing with such a busy schedule. She explained that there are concerns the monarch may get “massively overtired” but she will be “pragmatic” about what she can do. Joanna said: “I’m sure all the royals will be thrilled, but I also think they’ll be terribly anxious that the Queen will get massively overtired. “I think she’s pragmatic, though. She’ll know how much she can do,” the Absolutely Fabulous star added to Radio Times. Her comments come after Her Majesty has faced health issues in recent months including the impact on her mobility. Joanna will have an important role in the Jubilee celebrations, presenting the Platinum Jubilee Pageant and the Jubilee Big Lunch. She will share her hosting duties with veteran broadcasters, Kay Burley and Alastair Bruce. Joanna recently spoke out about her happiness to be involved in the historic event. She said: "The Queen made a promise when she was terribly young, she said her whole life would be in service of us, her people and she would never falter and never waver from it and she never has. "I can't think of anybody who's ever made a promise like that in public and kept to it. So I'm a great fan of the Queen, I just think she's remarkable. "She's a pretty special person and I think we would all love to be loved by the Queen and I think she loves us all. "I think she looks at her people, not only the people here but the people of the Commonwealth and anybody who looks up to her, I think she treats them all with love, so I love her for that." Joanna also reflected on the importance of the celebrations following the “miserable” years of the Covid pandemic. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions [PICTURES]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog [LATEST] She said: "We've all had such a miserable two years, and we emerged from the darkness and found ourselves facing the most horrific war and in this country such deprivation and anxiety. "I think we've just got to say for the five days, let's kick up your heels and make it all work, make it happy, make the Queen know how thrilled we are with her", she told the PA agency. Joanna will be presenting the event for Sky News. Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee will take place over a four-day weekend which begins on Thursday. They will kick off with the military spectacle of Trooping the Colour on June 2. More than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 250 horses from the Household Division will stage the display on Horse Guards Parade in central London, with the colour trooped by the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards. Some 400 musicians from 10 military bands and corps of drums will march amid pomp and pageantry. The Royal Family will travel from Buckingham Palace along The Mall to the parade ground. The Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Princess Anne will make their way on horseback. You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.