Erik ten Hag has already made a strong impression at Manchester United, according to reports from inside the club. Ten Hag only officially started at United on Monday, but has already begun to stamp his authority on the beleaguered team following their dreadful 2021/22 season.    Ten Hag insisted on starting early at United in order to begin work on turning around the sinking ship. The Dutchman was originally set for a break between concluding the season with Ajax and starting at Old Trafford, but he decided to cancel his Ajax deal early in order to get to work. He held his first press conference on Monday and struck a confident tone, explaining how he intends to go about his business at United. Ten Hag has begun work on United’s plans for the summer transfer window and is also busy finalising his staff for the 2022/23 season. It has only been a matter of days, but the 52-year-old is already giving off the right impression, according to Norwegian outlet Dagbladet TV. The report says he ‘set the standard’ by joining early and ‘has been well received by people in the club’. After the poor standard under Ralf Rangnick, he is now sending a ‘strong message that people must work hard’ to turn things around, according to Dagbladet’s source inside the club. JUST IN: Man Utd and Arsenal target Victor Osimhen to be replaced  There is set to be a huge turnover of players and staff this summer, with Ten Hag’s regime marking a significant shift at Old Trafford. Several players are poised to leave this summer, with many out of contract and others deemed not up to the standards required. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are all out of contract, while Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata are expected to depart when the window opens on July 1. DON'T MISS Liverpool star Sadio Mane reveals he nearly joined Man Utd Barcelona list 10 stars for sale offering Man Utd and Arsenal bargains Carlo Ancelotti can surpass Man Utd legend Sir Alex Ferguson Meanwhile, there is a similar situation in terms of staff. Rangnick hired coaches Chris Armas and Ewan Sharp and psychologist Sascha Lense but they will all leave along with the German. Mike Phelan could stay at the club but will no longer be a presence in the dugout, while goalkeeping coach Richard Hartis and set-piece specialist Eric Ramsay are reportedly set to keep their positions. Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren have been confirmed as Ten Hag’s assistants, while another first-team coach could still be recruited. Ten Hag worked with Van der Gaag at Ajax last year and McClaren worked with the Dutchman during his spell in charge at FC Twente and has previously worked at United as Sir Alex Ferguson’s assistant. 