Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the former president of the golf equipment and apparel retailer reward Cristian on the production floor for being such a hard worker and persevering even when things were tough in his life. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. Mr King admired how hardworking Cristian was, and how welcoming he was of new staff and customers. Christian explained to the undercover boss that he never misses a chance to work overtime so he can take care of his family. Christian started playing football when he was younger because all he needed were his boots and ball. However he said that growing up was challenging as his mum did not have insurance for her medical bills. READ MORE: Martin Lewis suggests what woman, 65, with no pension savings can do - 'quite good thing' Mr King believed that Christian is the type of person that you would want everyone in the world” to be like." “Willing to sacrifice what they have for other people,” he added. After the undercover boss revealed himself, Mr King knew he wanted to give his employee a great opportunity. He said: “I’m 52-years-old and I’ve never been touched in a way that you’ve touched me, sacrificing your future for your family.  “So to help out with your mother’s medical expenses, I’m going to give you $10,000 [around £8,000]. “On top of that, I don’t want you to work full time anymore.” Cristian responded: “I’m speechless.” Mr King continued: “I want you to work part time, and we’ll give you $15,000 [around £12,000] each year for two years so you can make your full salary today and can go back to school.  “In addition to the $30,000 [around £24,000], I want to pay for your school fee’s so you don’t have to be under all this pressure and know that your family is taken care of.” “When I heard your story I just wanted to help you,” Mr King said. In tears, Christian said: “I’m crying because I’m happy, I don’t know what to say.” Undercover Boss is available to watch on All 4.