Indications of high blood sugar include increased thirst, hunger, and urination. However, when internal damage becomes a factor, other telling signs emerge. Doctor Michael Dansinger verified that type 2 diabetes can lead to nerve damage, which can lead to several bodily sensations. "See your doctor straight away," Doctor Dansinger recommended if you experience tingling, pain, or numbness in your hands or feet. Nerve damage could also lead to stomach issues, such as nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea. Such a health complication could also cause a lot of bladder infections or issues with emptying the bladder. Doctor Dansinger added that nerve damage may also lead to problems getting or keeping an erection. And diabetics might begin to feel dizzy and lightheaded if they've had high blood sugar for some time. READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong' High blood sugar can also lead to frequent yeast infections, which can develop on the genitalia, between the fingers and toes, and on the armpits. Also be warned of hair loss on the toes, feet, or lower legs, or noticing brown patches of raised skin on the neck, armpit or groin. High blood sugar can also result in eye damage, such as blurred vision, seeing rings around lights or dark spots, and not being able to see well at night. Uncontrolled diabetes is a risk factor for high blood pressure, heart disease, and kidney disease. If at any point you are struggling to control your blood sugar levels, speak to your diabetes health care team. It is imperative to get blood sugar levels under control, as the longer diabetes is not well managed, the more severe the impact can be. Experts at the Mayo Clinic divulge that the potential complications of diabetes can also include dementia. "Poor control of blood sugar levels is linked to more rapid decline in memory and other thinking skills," the health portal stated. Aside from regular monitoring of blood glucose levels, which can be done via a glucometer, a healthy diet and regular exercise is key to effective management. Moreover, weight loss (if overweight) and diabetes medication (if necessary) can be helpful. People first diagnosed with type 2 diabetes may be advised on lifestyle adjustments to better manage their blood sugar levels. Medication, such as metformin, could also offered to help bring down blood sugar levels. "If your blood sugar levels are not lower after taking metformin, you may need another medicine," the NHS added. "Over time, you may need a combination of medicines. Your GP or diabetes nurse will recommend the medicines most suitable for you." Medication can lead to side effects, which may be unpleasant, such as: People who experience side effects should consult with their diabetes nurse or doctor.