Coronation Street and Emmerdale fans will need to keep their eyes peeled for a new addition at the Rovers Return and the Woolpack. ITV hopes to change the way soaps influence drinking culture and the network has teamed up with Heineken to tackle the issue. This Morning's Dr Zoe Williams explained how a simple move could have a huge impact on viewers and characters in the soaps. Soap lovers have been immersing themselves in the fictional worlds of Weatherfield and Emmerdale village for many years. The characters caught up in the drama have become second families to dedicated fans and the impactful storylines have left a lasting impression. Both the Rovers and the Woolpack are popular settings for the characters and they are undergoing an important change. Dr Zoe Williams is backing the initiative to have Heineken 0.0 draught on tap at both pubs. The subtle change is being implemented to normalise the consumption of alcohol-free drinks, which could in turn influence future storylines. READ MORE: Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the GP said pubs have been the central focus of soaps like Coronation Street and Emmerdale as "it makes people want to go down the pub". Yet introducing alcohol-free beer could allow for characters to use the pub as a sanctuary, where they can open up about issues like their mental health. Dr Zoe added: "[It] can be the setting where these conversations could start and it could be quite powerful actually. "Because I think the idea of having Heineken 0.0 at the bar, it's not to make a big deal about it being there, it's becoming the norm to see it there. "I think just seeing the characters ordering it and it not being a big deal is what's impactful. "It could be interesting to see storylines on soaps where people start to open up about their mental health in the setting of a pub because that could be quite powerful." She opened up about how she lost her own mum to an alcohol-related death and she is now celebrating a recent shift in opinions on alcohol-free drinks. The GP added: "On the one hand we do have this British culture where we do enjoy going down to the pub or having a drink with friends, and I value that as well. "Alcohol is definitely a large part of my social life, but on the other hand, it causes a lot of harm when it goes too far. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twistSally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star?Emmerdale theory: Wendy Posner blamed for Faith Dingle's death "I have personal experience of that professionally, when we think about people who have a dependence on alcohol it can literally happen to anybody, different people from all walks of life." Dr Zoe believes soaps do play a part in influencing drinking culture in the UK. She added: "I think this is just a genius idea having Heineken 0.0 in some of the most famous pubs in the world. Seeing that being normalised, it's a big shift. "Drinking alcohol has always been such a big part of the culture in soaps as well. "This means we will start to see it as normal in our own lives and I hope it will create a shift in normalising drinking alcohol-free beers. "[Soaps] are so popular in this country and they are watched by so many people. "We immerse ourselves in these made-up worlds with these made-up people. "What we watch on TV, especially if we are consuming several hours a week of soaps, they are like our extended family and what we see might make us want to follow." The alcohol-free beer will be seen on soaps from April 29. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.