 Motorists are being urged to take extra caution when driving in the predicted heatwave later this week and next week, with forecasts showing it could be hotter than Turkey in some parts. Bright sunlight can cause a strong glare across a car’s windshield which can distort a driver’s view of the road.  This could cause drivers to not have proper control of the vehicle or a full view of the road and traffic ahead. This may leave some drivers with a £1,000 fine and three penalty points on their driving licence. Andy Alderson, CEO and Founder of Vanarama, said drivers should be aware of potential fines as millions are set to hit the roads. He said: “With the UK experiencing a heatwave, many people will plan to hit the road to visit summertime attractions. READ MORE: Pensioner hit with £170 fine after parking row  “However, if drivers are not prepared for driving in bright sunlight, they could put themselves and other road users in danger. “To prevent being dazzled by the sun when driving, motorists should check their windscreen is clean before setting off, wear polarised sunglasses, and keep a safe distance from other drivers when the sun is distorting their view.” Weather forecasts are estimating that some areas will see temperatures soar to 26 degrees in the mid-May mini heatwave. Motorists are also being advised to look out for changes to the road conditions when it gets hotter. DON'T MISSLoophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars [SHOCKING]POLL: Do you think cyclists or drivers should have priority? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [WARNING] READ MORE: Pensioner hit with £170 fine after parking row   In hot weather, road surfaces can change which may affect “steering and braking” which would put road users and others at risk. The Highway Code outlines what drivers should be aware of when it comes to driving in hot weather. Rule 237 advises: “Keep your vehicle well ventilated to avoid drowsiness. “Be aware that the road surface may become soft or if it rains after a dry spell it may become slippery.  “These conditions could affect your steering and braking. “If you are dazzled by bright sunlight, slow down and if necessary, stop.” Drivers may also experience long delays on the roads as Britons make the most of the warm weather. The AA warns road users they may suffer from “heat exhaustion”, especially older passengers and younger children.  “These conditions could affect your steering and braking. “If you are dazzled by bright sunlight, slow down and if necessary, stop.” Drivers may also experience long delays on the roads as Britons make the most of the warm weather. The AA warns road users they may suffer from “heat exhaustion”, especially older passengers and younger children. They may not be able to tell the driver how they are feeling and could become ill.