 Meghan Markle’s father, Thomas Markle, is reported to be in a Californian hospital after having a stroke. The news broke on Tuesday, May 24, with GB News presenter Dan Wootton saying the 77-year-old was receiving “urgent medical treatment” in hospital.  Mr Wootton said Meghan’s father was due to appear on his GB News show ahead of the Platinum Jubilee. In the wake of the news, Tom Bower, a journalist working on Meghan’s biography, said the duchess had not yet made contact with her estranged father, urging her to go and visit him. He said: “Meghan has always said that she's a very compassionate person. “And if compassion was at all necessary right now, it would mean she would go to her father's bedside, about two and a half hours' drive south of where she lives, and give him some comfort and reassurance. We wait to see what happens.”  Thomas was loaded into an ambulance by paramedics on Monday night in Tijuana, Mexico, and taken to a hospital in Chula Vista, California, as reported by TMZ. He was reportedly unable to speak and had to communicate by writing his symptoms on paper. Meghan’s father was planning on flying to the UK in the next few days to be in London for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. In a statement to the Daily Mail, Thomas’s daughter and Meghan’s half-sister, Samantha Markle, confirmed he was recovering in hospital stating he “just needs peace and rest”. She said: “My father is recovering in hospital. We ask for privacy for the family, for his health and wellbeing. He just needs peace and rest.”  Meghan and her father have had a famously strained relationship since her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018. Thomas had planned to attend the wedding to walk his daughter down the aisle, but after news of a staged paparazzi photo shoot broke, he cited health concerns as his decision not to fly to the UK for the nuptials. Since then, the retired television lighting director and director of photography has given several high-profile interviews to the British press in which he has made repeated claims of being shut out of his daughter’s life. So what do YOU think?  Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.