Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg has clashed with Sky News host Niall Paterson over the UK Government's plans to slash waste and improve efficiency in the civil service by cutting thousands of unnecessary jobs. Mr Rees-Mogg was challenged on the motives behind the job purge which the Sky News host suggested had been "ideologically driven," the idea received a decisive slap down from Mr Rees-Mogg leading to a fiery back and forth between the pair. The Sky News host told Mr Rees-Mogg: "This is all just ideological, isn't it? I mean, rather we understand the conservative desire to see a smaller state. "You're certainly not talking, as I understand that you're one of those voices around the Cabinet table disagreeing with potentially a windfall tax on the energy companies." Mr Rees-Mogg replied: "The only bit that is ideological is that we should spend taxpayers' money probably not wastefully. "You may or you may call that ideologically." "I am just suggesting targeting the public sector rather than the private sector is ideological," argued Mr Paterson.  Mr Rees-Mogg hit back: "Do you think that any of your viewers thinks we should waste taxpayers' money and employ people we don't necessarily..." "That's a farcical question of course of they don't," interrupted the Sky News host. 'You are saying this is purely ideological, but it's about efficiency, it is about doing things properly, governing effectively and recognising that every penny we take in tax has to come off the backs of people working hard." Mr Paterson argued: "You've been in power since 2010, iff there's inefficiency in the Civil Service, it's down to you. "Someone else might have been wearing the rosette but it was the same colour as it were." "What I'm saying is we're getting back to the 2016 levels, which we got to through a measure efficiency drive," replied Mr Rees Mogg. But there were good reasons for taking on extra people..." Mr Paterson jumped in: "Brexit and Brexit cost money and we had to hire more civil servants. DON'T MISS The best way to beat obesity and poverty is in the kitchen, say MPs [REVEAL] Have your say: Should Britain cave to EU's trade deal threat or walk? [REACT] Liz Truss urged to rip up Northern Ireland protocol [INSIGHT]  Mr Rees-Mogg replied: "Bare in mind when the extra people were [rimarily employed post-2016 Boris Johnson was not the Prime Minister and it could have been done very differently." It comes after Boris Johnson has tasked ministers with cutting around 90,000 Civil Service jobs to free up cash for measures to ease the cost-of-living crisis with possible tax cuts. The Prime Minister was understood to have told his Cabinet on Thursday that the service should be cut by a fifth. Mr Johnson made the demand during an away day with ministers in Stoke-on-Trent as his Government comes under intense pressure to ease the pain of soaring prices. 