Liverpool have been left to 'wait' on a decision from Aurelien Tchouameni after the Monaco reached personal terms with both the Reds and Real Madrid. Tchouameni is one of the rising stars of the European game and has starred in Ligue 1 over the past two seasons. He is set to be one of the most in-demand midfielders during the upcoming summer transfer window. And it appears that two clubs have pulled ahead in the race to sign the French international. According to RMC Sport, Tchouameni is giving himself 'a few days' to come a decision on his next destination. The 22-year-old is said to have already 'reached an agreement' with both Liverpool and Madrid and will 'make his choice' before the end of the week. Tchouameni has left his representatives to negotiate personal terms with his suitors, while he focused on the end of the season. Now Monaco have secured a third place finish, Tchouameni is now turning his attention to where his future lies. READ MORE: Liverpool fans 'scammed' as Anfield celebrated third Aston Villa goal It appears that it will be a straight shootout between the Reds and Los Blancos for the midfielder. After he agreed terms with the two rivals, Monaco moved to secure their own deal with both clubs. The Ligue 1 side are said to be seeking a fee in the region of £67million in exchange for one of their 'best elements'. With both Liverpool and Madrid said to have 'agreed' a deal with Monaco, it is now up to Tchouameni to decide where he will be playing next term. DON'T MISS: Liverpool sweating on Thiago for Champions League final (NEWS)Liverpool star Thiago produces ridiculous 'illegal' assist vs Wolves (INSIGHT)Best and worst signings in the Premier League this season - Big Debate (TRANSFERS) One club he 'already knows' he will not be joining though is Paris Saint-Germain. That is despite the reigning Ligue 1 champions having 'pushed hard' over recent weeks to convince him to move to the Parc des Princes. PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi is said to have taken personal charge of negotiations for Tchouameni. But despite Kylian Mbappe requesting they do 'everything' to convince Tchouameni to sign, the Monaco star would appear set on moving to either Anfield or the Bernabeu.