Having a respiratory condition that affects one’s ability to do everyday tasks or get around could make them eligible for Personal Independence Payments (PIP). The non-means tested and non-taxable benefit is available to help Britons with added costs of long-term disabilities, illnesses or conditions. While it's how the condition affects the person which is linked to eligibility, sufferers of the following respiratory tract conditions could qualify for PIP:  READ MORE: NatWest sheds light on new online banking scam tactic - 'Did you click on the link?’  New data from the DWP has shown an increase in the amount of people with respiratory conditions receiving PIP. PIP is offered at four different weekly rates depending on what the claimant has difficulties with and the severity of their condition. The daily living aspect provides £61.85 per week on the lower rate and £92.40 on the higher rate for those who struggle to do certain tasks like eating, cleaning or socialising. The mobility aspect helps claimants who struggle navigating or physically getting around, and Britons do not necessarily need a physical disability to claim it.  This aspect offers £24.45 on the lower rate and £64.50 on the higher rate. People who receive the higher rate of the mobility aspect can potentially use their benefits towards the cost of leasing a car, scooter, powered wheelchair or wheelchair accessible vehicle through the motability scheme. Additionally, if their condition is affecting their ability or limiting their capacity to work they could also be eligible for Employment and Support Allowance. To be eligible for PIP, claimants have to be between the ages of 16 and state pension age.  As part of the application process, Britons will have to fill out a claim form and then attend an assessment to see the severity of how their condition impacts their lives. Many charities have noted that some people may find their claims rejected as they, be it on purpose or accidentally, omit certain aspects of their condition. It is vital that Britons are as honest as possible about their condition on the claim form. However, Benefit Answers has also noted that it doesn’t bode well for them to over exaggerate their difficulties either.  It has been advised that Britons answer the claim form questions based on how they feel the majority of the time, rather than on their best or worst day. Due to the nature of certain ailments, people may find they are perfectly able to do a task on one day but cannot do it the next. Each question has additional space where claimants can then add further relevant information. This is where they can then note that they may sometimes be able to perform the task but are usually unable to.