Rising energy bills have become a huge concern for Britons up and down the country and analysis by energy experts Boiler Central recently found Google searches for terms such as “help with energy” and “can’t afford energy” have shot up. The kitchen is one of the largest drains on our home energy. Fridge freezers, hobs, and dishwashers can quickly add to energy bills without realising. There has never been a better time to make small but effective changes to your household energy usage and the kitchen is a great place to start, according to experts at Love Energy Savings. One of the first ways to save on energy bills isn the kitchen is to heat the water for cooking “efficiently”. The energy experts said: “A lot of energy in the kitchen is used to heat water. So, make sure you are doing it in the most efficient way possible.” It is much more efficient to heat water in a kettle rather than on the hob. “If you need water for cooking, heat it in the kettle and transfer to a pan. Only fill the kettle up with the exact amount of water you need rather than to the brim.” One woman took this onboard before sharing what she has called her “game changer” pasta trick in a bid to help families cut down on their energy bills. Instead of cooking the pasta from scratch for around 10 minutes on the hob, it can be soaked in cold water first and then takes just a couple of minutes to cook as it's already soft. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Cheapest’ ways to cook food to save on energy bills It's a tip Sarah Hyland saw online and decided to give it a go herself to save money on her energy bills. After attempting the trick herself, she was so impressed with the result that she decided to share it with others in the reduce your supermarket spend Facebook group. Sarah Wrote: "Omg game changer pasta alert. I tried it. Soak pasta in cold water for a few hours. Yes it looks hideous grey and grim. Empty water. Add boiled water from the kettle to cover pasta. Boiled for literally a minute. Pasta perfection." It was also recommended to use the microwave. According to the experts, microwaves are one of the most “energy-efficient” appliances. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove ‘very stubborn’ limescale deposits from taps [TIPS]Gardeners warned to avoid planting tenders until the end of May [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Highly effective’ method to get rid of moths in homes [COMMENT] The energy pros said: “It is very energy-efficient to use a microwave to heat up food rather than a hob or oven. “Slow cookers are also very energy efficient. “If you are going to use your oven or hob, there are ways in which you can do this efficiently. “Make sure food is covered when you cook on the stove, as it will heat quicker and save energy.” Britons could also turn their oven and hob off a few minutes early to make the most of the heat. As tempting as it is, try not to open the oven door when you’re cooking. What’s more, make sure that pans are roughly the same size as the hobs, otherwise excess energy from the space not covered by the pans will be wasted. By switching off kitchen appliances which do not need to be left on standby, homeowners could save a great deal of money. The experts said: “Your fridge and freezer may need to remain on all the time, but the rest of your appliances don’t. “Keeping appliances on standby accounts for up to 16 percent of the average household’s energy bill.” Homeowners can see for themselves how much energy their household is using by installing an energy monitoring device or smart meter, according to energy experts. They said: “This can help you identify which are your most wasteful appliances. “Get into the habit of keeping your toaster, kettle, microwave, oven and washing machine unplugged at the wall. “This simple measure could help you save around £35 on your annual energy bill. “As an extra incentive, it will reduce the risks of an electrical fire.”