Russia's State Duma deputy proposed to put "Poland next in line for denazification after Ukraine" with a post on his Telegram account. Oleg Morozov is a member of the Kremlin's party United Russia's Superior Council and Duma deputy. It comes as the Russian authorities blocked the accounts of the Polish embassy in Moscow on Friday. The high-level Russian official wrote that a potential military operation against Poland would be a response to Warsaw's statement that Russia is a "cancerous tumour". He wrote on Telegram: "With its statements about Russia as a "cancerous tumour" and about the "indemnity" that we must pay to Ukraine, Poland encourages us to put it first in line for denazification after Ukraine." The Russian authorities blocked the accounts of the Polish embassy in Moscow as a retaliatory measure to the condemnation and sanctions. The State Duma's direct military threat against Poland came after the Polish Prime Minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said in an article in The Telegraph that he considers the Russian world "a cancer that poses a mortal threat to the whole of Europe". READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin 'more likely than not' to push nuclear button He added that, in his opinion, the country needs to be "eradicated". In a briefing on Friday, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov attacked the Polish Prime Minister for calling to "root out" Russia's "monstrous ideology". Mr Peskov said: "This is the quintessence of that hatred towards Russians that has regrettably, like a metastasis, infected the entire Polish leadership and, in many ways, Polish society." In his article, Morawiecki compared Vladimir Putin with Adolf Hitler or Josef Stalin and said that he is more dangerous than them, due to the advanced weapons at his disposal. DON'T MISS: Putin's land grab bid for WHOLE of Ukraine seized as troops drop plansPutin ‘more dangerous than Hitler or Stalin’ warns Polish PMRussian Ambassador doused in blood red paint - VIDEO Reacting to the article, Mr Peskov said that "this shocking statement, unfortunately, is hysterical and unacceptable". Warsaw has consistently argued for tougher Western sanctions on Moscow and has expelled 45 Russian diplomats, prompting a tit-for-tat response from Moscow. The Russian ambassador was doused with red paint by protesters on Monday as he laid a wreath at the Soviet Military Cemetery in Warsaw. Russia demanded an official apology and warned of "further steps" if it is not satisfied with Poland's response. 