It’s been a busy week at the Cannes Film Festival for the family of Elvis Presley. Not only did the first cinematic biopic of The King debut, but also his granddaughter Riley had her first movie as a director screen in War Pony. Additionally, the music icon’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley and Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling accompanied director Baz Luhrmann and title star Austin Butler on the red carpet for Warner Bros' Elvis, but sadly there was no sign of the late star's daughter Lisa Marie Presley at either. However, Lisa Marie shared a rare and emotional post praising the new biopic of her father. The 54-year-old had said: “I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie Elvis twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever. What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced.” Elvis' daughter has now shared a post celebrating Riley’s movie too and claims why she wasn’t able to attend Cannes this year for the premieres with her other two daughters. Sharing a picture of Riley and her co-director Gina Gammell, Lisa Marie wrote: “I’m SO PROUD of Riley and Gina for making such a labour of love in War Pony. I watched them for 7 years write and finally make the film. I can't tell you how proud it makes me that they are getting the acknowledgement they both deserve in Cannes and winning the Caméra d'Or Award. What a job well done. What two forces to be reckoned with. Congrats my loves #ginagammell #rileykeough.” War Pony was also written by the pair, with a plot that follows the intertwined lives of two young Lakota boys, living on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. Her 33-year-old daughter replied to the post: “Love u mamamama.” And then Elvis’ daughter wrote: “I wanted more than anything to be at Cannes to celebrate with everyone and bring the girls but the ex told me no.” Lisa Marie had Harper Vivienne Ann and Finley Aaron Love Lockwood with Michael Lockwood, an American guitarist best known for performing with their mother, Aimee Mann and Fiona Apple. The couple divorced in 2016 after 10 years of marriage. Elvis’ daughter previously had Riley and her late son Benjamin with her first husband Danny Keough. In her post on her father’s biopic, she shared how much he would have loved to have seen it. DON'T MISSElvis movie: Priscilla defended 'wonderful' Colonel to Tom Hanks [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis 'would hate being virtually recreated' like ABBA digital avatars [ELVIS HOLOGRAM]Elvis movie star ‘had chills’ over personal connection to The King [ELVIS ACTOR] Lisa Marie added: “It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022 and War Pony’s release is TBC.