Arsenal are interested in bringing Serge Gnabry back to the club, according to reports. It is also claimed Gnabry would be open to a return to the Emirates. The Germany international is out of contract at Bayern Munich at the end of next season. Bayern therefore may look to sell this summer in order to avoid the risk of losing him for free in 12 months' time. Reports have claimed Gnabry is open to leaving the Bundesliga giants and has rejected an offer of a new deal. And Sport Bild reporter Christian Falk says Arsenal are interested in signing the 26-year-old. He claims Gnabry 'can imagine' returning to the Gunners. However, Falk says it is likely to be difficult for the north London club to complete a deal this summer after failing to qualify for the Champions League. READ MORE: Man Utd legend Paul Scholes believes Frenkie de Jong can solve long-term problem  He tweeted: "TRUE✅ @Arsenal are interested in Serge Gnabry. Gnabry can also imagine a comeback with the Gunners. After missing the Champions League, this is financially unrealistic this summer. Next chance: 2023 when Gnabry is a free agent @BILD_Sport." Gnabry spent five years at Arsenal between 2011 and 2016 after joining from Stuttgart as a teenager. He made 18 first-team appearances for the club before leaving for Werder Bremen in 2016. Gnabry signed for Bayern Munich just a year later and has established himself as a key component for the German side in the last few seasons. He has made over 170 appearances for the club, scoring on 63 occasions. However, his contract situation has led to speculation over his future at the Allianz Arena. Former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger was criticised by supporters for allowing Gnabry to leave the club. DON'T MISSBarcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star [GOSSIP]Kylian Mbappe’s mother ‘furious at Real Madrid’ after PSG star rejects transfer [REPORT]Gary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate's England squad as 'superb' star misses out [SOCIAL]  But Wenger explained in 2020 how his departure came about, claiming Bayern had an agreement with Bremen to sign him a year after they purchased the player from the Gunners. Wenger told beIN SPORTS: "I bought him at the age of 15 from Stuttgart and he was injured a lot. "We had an agreement with him you know. I had given him out on loan to West Brom and he didn't play a game. He came back, he was injured. "We worked very hard with him for six months and he went out with the German national team, Under-21s, and Bayern made a deal with Werder Bremen. "He wanted to sign in the end, didn't want to extend his contract (with Arsenal) and I was very sad that we couldn't get over the line with him because I knew he would have a great career." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here