The state pension triple lock typically guarantees the sum rises each year by the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. While the measure was temporarily suspended this year due to warped earnings data, it will return next year. However, an expert has warned the triple lock increases may not be enough to sustain retired Britons. The 3.1 percent increase this year actually represents a fall in real terms, meaning pensioners lose out. The organisation Kinesis has warned: “With the UK already on the cusp of a pension poverty crisis, and energy prices rising by an average of 54 percent, a state pension simply isn’t enough to make retirement as golden as it should be.” Private pensions have also presented issues for Britons in the current climate. READ MORE: Scam warning as woman, 59, loses £48,000 by ‘sharing screen' There is the fact these savings are not protected by the triple lock, making them potentially more volatile. Indeed, funds have had a poor start to 2022 as a result of the war in Ukraine and economic uncertainty. It does not seem as if the matter will improve in the near future, creating worries for retirees. As a result, Britons have been encouraged to expand their horizons when planning for retirement. DON'T MISSState pension: Queen’s Jubilee means you could be paid early [LATEST]Pension Credit shake-up proposed as 850,000 Britons miss out [UPDATE]Couple left ‘penniless and homeless’ by vicious Facebook scam [VIDEO] Jai Bifulco, Chief Commercial Officer at Kinesis Money, an organisation managing gold, silver and digital assets, said: “People’s hard-earned wealth is currently under threat, but retirement savings especially. “Many are currently sticking to the status quo and do not realise the impact this could have on their wealth in later life.” Mr Bilfuco said it was encouraging to see individuals look at alternatives for their income. However, the expert encouraged Britons to look for stability when it comes to their retirement income. For this reason, he suggested cryptocurrency may not be the most appropriate choice. Mr Bifulco continued: “There are, however, other paths people can take to protect their wealth in preparation for later life. “As a starting point, individuals can limit the amount of money they store as cash savings, and begin to explore assets that are recognised for their price stability. “Gold offers a proven capacity to store value over time and is now more accessible than it has ever been, through its digitalisation. “Gold has shown resilience during notable economic crashes, more so than stocks and bonds, and brings with it a track record for value appreciation, seen over the past 50 years. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Better yet, you can now also earn a yield on gold, providing a steady and stable return for those sacred golden years.” Gold investment is not without its risks, it should be noted. Like all financial assets, when investing there is a chance a person could lose capital. It means individuals could get less back than they originally put in. For this reason, many will wish to speak to a financial adviser before making any key decisions. These professionals can offer assistance, often tailored to suit a person’s needs. Express.co.uk contacted the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), but they declined to comment.