The summer solstice marks the beginning of the summer, but the exact dates vary depending on where in the world you are. The UK is in the northern hemisphere, and therefore summer begins in June, according to the astronomical calendar. The Met Office explained: “The astronomical calendar determines the seasons due to the 23.5 degrees of tilt of the Earth's rotational axis in relation to its orbit around the Sun. “Both Equinoxes and Solstices are related to the Earth's orbit around the Sun." This year, summer will begin on June 21, 2022. The summer season will end on September 23, 2022. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'means business' - but his 'action is based on anger' In 2021, summer began on June 21 and ended on September 22, meaning this year we get one extra day of summer, based on the astronomical calendar. However, the Met Office explained that meteorologists are also interested in the beginning of the meteorological summer. It stated: "Meteorological summer will always begin on June 1; ending on August 31. "The meteorological seasons consist of splitting the seasons into four periods made up of three months each. DON'T MISSHow to save money: Eat out in restaurants but pay less with top tips [REVEAL]Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more [INSIGHT]Three face yoga massages to 'improve the appearance of a double chin' [INTERVIEW] "These seasons are split to coincide with our Gregorian calendar, making it easier for meteorological observing and forecasting to compare seasonal and monthly statistics. "The seasons are defined as spring (March, April, May), summer (June, July, August), autumn (September, October, November) and winter (December, January, February)." hat is the summer solstice? The summer solstice marks the onset of summer, at the time of the longest day. Typically this is around June 21 in the northern hemisphere and December 22 in the southern hemisphere. The Met Office explained: "Solstices and equinoxes are the astronomical transition points between the seasons and mark key stages in the astronomical cycle of the Earth. "In a year there are two equinoxes (spring and autumn) and two solstices (summer and winter). "The dates of the Equinoxes and Solstices aren't fixed due to the Earth's elliptical orbit of the Sun." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The summer solstice marks the onset of summer, at the time of the longest day. Typically this is around June 21 in the northern hemisphere and December 22 in the southern hemisphere. The Met Office explained: "Solstices and equinoxes are the astronomical transition points between the seasons and mark key stages in the astronomical cycle of the Earth. "In a year there are two equinoxes (spring and autumn) and two solstices (summer and winter). "The dates of the Equinoxes and Solstices aren't fixed due to the Earth's elliptical orbit of the Sun."