Novak Djokovic has admitted Arsene Wenger played a role in his straight-sets victory over Aljaz Bedene at the French Open. The world No 1 needed just an hour and 44 minutes to defeat the Slovenian 6-3 6-3 6-2 and admitted it helped him to have the former Arsenal manager watching on during his match. Djokovic advanced to the second week of the French Open with a straight-sets victory over Bedene, extending his record over the world No 195 to four wins and zero losses. And it was a star-studded affair as Wenger, Clarence Seedorf and Zinedine Zidane all watched on from their seats on Court Philippe-Chatrier. After the match, the world No 1 admitted that he was given extra motivation when he noticed Wenger in the crowd. "It's an honour to have legends of the football world coming to watch. It's a great feeling when someone of their level of success and personality comes to watch,” he admitted. “I saw Arsene at the beginning of the match and it positively affected me." The reigning French Open champion said he didn’t notice Zidane but was honoured to have football legends watching his match and enjoying the sport. JUST IN: Rafa Nadal surprised as boy runs on court after French Open win   He added: “I saw Wenger and Clarence Seedorf, not Zidane. It’s an honour when they come, most of us tennis players watch and follow football.” Djokovic was one of the players who went to the Santiago Bernabeu earlier this month during the Madrid Masters to watch the second leg of the Champions League semi-final between Real Madrid and Manchester City. And he could be in the stands for the final at the Stade de France tomorrow night, with Saturday marking his day off at the tournament before he next faces Diego Schwartzman in the round-of-16 on Sunday. DON'T MISSWimbledon ranking points decision 'shameful'Fuming Belinda Bencic rows with French Open umpire over time violationFrench Open star slapped with £8k fine for hitting child with racquet   His long-time rival Rafael Nadal is one player who will definitely be cheering on his beloved Real Madrid when they take on Liverpool, as he admitted he had a ticket ahead of the tournament. “I am here to play... but I have my tickets ready,” he said before his French Open campaign. With Nadal and Djokovic in the same quarter of the draw - and now just one match from facing each other for the 59th time - the Spaniard will also have his day off on Saturday and be able to go to the Champions League final after earning his own straight-sets win over Botic van de Zandschulp on Friday. 