With traditional fuels, like petrol and diesel, being banned in new cars from 2030 and the current rise in fuel prices, electric and hybrid car models have never been more popular. And now, a new study by motor experts at Confused.com has revealed the most eco-friendly cars for 2022. Tesla took the 17th position in the Cleanest Cars index despite being a manufacturer that only produces electric cars. The car manufacturer also ranked poorly in its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) scoring 40, compared to Peugeot’s 92. Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a self-regulating business model that helps a company be socially accountable to itself, its stakeholders, and the public. By practicing corporate social responsibility, also called corporate citizenship, companies can be conscious of the kind of impact they are having on all aspects of society, including economic, social, and environmental. READ MORE: The car brands that hold their value best The CSR data was one of the main reasons Tesla ranked low in the study’s index despite being 100 percent electric. This is because drivers who are eco-conscious may consider other aspects like CSR scores which make a company overall sustainable and ethical. On top of that, the prices of running a Tesla model were much higher compared to other manufacturers. The cheapest Tesla car cost £783 per 12,000 miles compared to the most efficient Smart car model at £206 - a huge difference of 117 percent. DON'T MISS Scrapping MOT could lead to 2.9million dangerous cars on UK roads [WANING] Drivers react to tales of charging woe [INSIGHT] Motorists face frightening ‘perfect storm’ of spiralling costs [REVEAL] At the other end of the scale, Peugeot has been crowned the most sustainable car for 2022 as it has five cars ranking in the top 65 electric cars. The French manufacturer also has an incredible CSR data score of 92, and the fourth-highest Tech Share Rank, which analysed the use of turbo engines, gears, hybrid StopStart technology, and engine type. Volkswagen follows in second with four cars making the top 65 electric cars. Volkswagen also has a fairly good CSR score of 86 and ranked in first place out of all car manufacturers for the use of advanced fuel-efficient technology in their models - giving it a high tech share rating. SMART, has the highest number of electric cars in the index with 11 making the top 65. The manufacturer also ranked in first place for having the most fuel-efficient electric car. This helped SMART to take third place overall (joint with Fiat and Citroen) and had a CSR Data score of 87. However, SMART has a low tech share score of 11 - potentially its main reason as to why it didn't claim the crown. See the full table below: Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, said: “If you fancy making the move to a clean, green car, you could find they’re cheaper to run than most. “You pay much better rates of car tax on electric models, while better safety features will certainly help when it comes to finding car insurance. “However, modern technology could also make insuring an electric car more expensive than some conventional fuelled models. “This is because these models can be more costly to replace or repair if you make a claim. “Always shop around so you know you’re being offered the best price.”