Ben Shephard and contestant Robert Peston poked fun at the Prime Minister on the most recent episode of the ITV game show, Tipping Point: Lucky Stars. The cheeky swipe compared the Prime Minister to the coin pusher machine.  The Tipping Point celebrity spin-off series saw three famous faces take on the extraordinary machine for a chance to win money for charity. The star-studded lineup featured Loose Women’s Judi Love, The Only Way Is Essex star Pete Wicks and journalist Robert Peston. While the original series shows members of the public competing to take home the cash prize, the stars were going to donate the £20,000 prize to charity. However, as the games began, both the host and contestant took a swipe at the British Government. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene After introducing the guests, Ben went straight into the general knowledge questions. Following a correct answer about ABBA, Robert took on the giant arcade stye machine, which meant he could release a coin into the machine. As he did so, Ben joked about his coin release technique while advising him to focus on timing.As he pleaded: “Come on, come on,” Robert had struggled to knock the tokens off the shelf, which led Ben to comment: “They're just going to sit and tease you.”  After one of the counters dropped into the fourth drop zone, the audience gasped at his misfortune, while Judi remarked: “Really?” As a result, Ben, who also hosts Good Morning Britain, joked: “It's like when you're interviewing a politician and they just won't give you an answer: ‘Really? Really?’” While laughing, Robert responded: “Yeah, that's the Boris Johnson of machines.” This comment left the other contestants and the studio audiences in fits of laughter. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INSIGHT]ITV removes key shows from Saturday viewing with a schedule shake-up [INSIGHT] Ben added: “Sitting on the edge, they're going to sit on the edge and tease us sadly, nothing drops from the machine.” Unfortunately for Robert, his technique was unsuccessful as the scores didn’t change in his favour. As the episode continued, Judi was the first contestant to be eliminated after scoring last place with a sum of £400. After Pete and Robert battled it out, the TOWIE star came out on top with a win of £1,600, while Robert came in second place with £800.  Throughout the episode, Ben had the audience and contestants in consistent laughter with a double entendre joke. This happened after Robert attempted to take down the counters, which Judi had pushed closer to the edge during her turn. As a result, Ben joked that Robert was “after Judi’s danglers,” which led the audience to roar with laughter. Tipping Point is available on ITV Hub. 