Dogs all over the UK are accompanying their owners to the polling booths as they make their decisions during this year's local elections. Members of the public will be voting for a variety of public roles, including councillors, mayors and assembly members. Local elections in England, Wales and Scotland decide which political party takes control of a council area, or in some cases, no party will take overall control. Pictures of dogs at polling stations have become somewhat of a social media tradition in recent years. The wholesome tradition often sees the hashtag #dogsatpollingstations go viral when there is an election in the UK.  Images have circulated online showing cute images of the furry companions waiting patiently outside the polling centres for their owners as they cast their democratic vote. Politicians have also been taking part in the trend as PM Boris Johnson was snapped at the ballot box accompanied by his pet dog Dilyn earlier in the day. In 2021, London Mayor Sadiq Khan was also pictured with his dog Luna outside a polling station. READ MORE: Boris Johnson crumbles to EU as he ABANDONS Brexit masterplan Animal charity Blue Cross has offered advice for voters thinking of taking their canine friends along to the polls. They warn owners to be aware of dognappers and the warmer weather. The charity advised people against leaving their dogs tied up outside the polling station - warning it can make them a tempting target for thieves.  DON'T MISS: Brandon Lewis issues EU threat over hated Brexit deal after Peston [INSIGHT]Labour ‘likely’ to gain seats but will struggle to take councils [COMMENT]Local elections: Do you need a photo ID to vote? [ANALYSIS] Blue Cross also recommended pet owners not to leave their dogs in the car – as this could pose a risk to their pet’s health in warmer temperatures. In England, more than 4,000 councillors in 146 councils are standing for election in major cities, including all 32 London boroughs. Councils dictate much of what happens in your local area, ranging from bin collections, potholes, planning issues and the general investment in your area. Polling stations are open from 7am today (May 5) to 10pm tonight. The first batch of results are expected to be announced at midnight and the last on the weekend. 