The discussion on Good Morning Britain came after MP Rachel Maclean said people should work longer to deal with the cost of living crisis. ITV hosts Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid invited activist Femi, who was opposed to the idea, and broadcaster Sophie Corcoran, who agreed with the MP, on to the show to share their thoughts. However, the interview took a turn when Richard suggested to Femi that Brexit couldn't be blamed for the economy. Femi explained getting another job is not an option for everyone, as he told the hosts: "The issue isn't that she was giving advice. "The issue is because Jacqueline Rowe, the anti-Brexit, anti-poverty campaigner, they've made a lot of advice as to how people can cope with this cost of living crisis. "The issue isn't the advice, the issue is if I was your mate and I and I gave you advice about how to budget better, that's advice." READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle He continued: "If I owed you £1,000 and I was refusing to pay it and then said you need to budget better, that's a rubbish move for me on my part. "The government is the reason why things are as bad as they are. They're the reason the people that cut the benefits and the people that have chosen to tax..." Richard went on to interrupt: "There are other factors, like what's happening in Ukraine." "Of course, there are," Femi hit back before Richard chimed in: "The Bank of England is saying that's having a major effect." He went on to ask: "Do you think she has got a point? We are too quick as a society largely because of social media to jump on the heads of people who are still going into areas which yes, are controversial, but some people would say, need saying. "In other words, God helps people who help themselves, it's an old saying but it has a degree of wisdom to it." "As I said the advice isn't the problem," Femi replied. "The problem is they're the people that have chosen to make life harder on top of the stuff like Ukraine. "When they say they can't help people more, the reason why they can't help people more is because they say that they need to look up the long term future of the economy." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] "And according to our government, the damage they've done to the long term future of the economy via Brexit is twice as bad as the pandemic," the activist added. Sophie went on to say that the UK has made bad decisions when it comes to the energy crisis. "This lockdown that you approved of is the reason why we have this cost of living crisis," the broadcaster fumed. The segment also sparked a huge backlash with viewers, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. Some slammed host Richard for his comment, "God helps people who help themselves." Tony raged: "#GMB Richard shut your bloody mouth!! the Lord helps those who help themselves, so work 3 jobs is that what was meant?" (sic) Andrew M tweeted: "God helps those who help themselves!! FFS Madeley!! #GMB." "I have lost count of the times I shout 'Oh shut up Richard!' When watching #GMB," Christine Marriott added. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.