Passengers caught up in the rush-hour chaos on the day of the line's opening took to Twitter, with one describing the hitch as a "classic start". Transport for London (TfL) confirmed just after 9am that the station had reopened following the fire alert. The line had been suspended between Paddington and Tottenham Court Road. One Twitter user with the handle@dougmorton said: "Just got evacuated from Paddington Elizabeth line station." Another, Albert Evans, shared images of large crowds outside Paddington Station. He said: "On the way to Elizabeth Line launch and there appears to be an issue at Paddington Station."  A third with the handle @wladd73 wrote: "Classic start to #ElizabethLine fire at Paddington train not going that far." Jay Peper said: "Trains already won't stop at Paddington because of 'fire alarm activation' #ElizabethLine #PurpleTrain." Bradley Russell posted: "Elizabeth Line already not stopping at Paddington. Great start." Another with the handle @peasmoldia said: "Elizabeth Line at Paddington has just been closed owing to a fire alert. Ha ha ha - that didn’t last long did it?"  Another Twitter user, Will Wood, said: "London Fire Brigade reported to be on their way to Paddington #ElizabethLine to 'carry out their checks'. Apparently someone pressed the fire alarm." Megan Specia, London correspondent for the New York Times, posted a video of crowds outside Paddington Station. She tweeted: "Went down to scope out the opening of the Elizabeth line to find…Lots of unimpressed people finding out the station is closed at Paddington due to an emergency." It comes as hundreds of people gathered in central London on Tuesday morning in an attempt to be among the first passengers on the new line.  Around 300 people queued outside Paddington Station ahead of the service's opening at 6.30am. The crowd cheered and rushed forwards when the doors opened at around 6.20am. The first train departed on time at 6.33am carrying hundreds of excited passengers. London mayor Sadiq Khan, who also travelled on the first train, said: "It's a landmark day. I'm excited. I'm like the little boy before Christmas."  Mr Khan said the Elizabeth line is a "game-changer" that will "transform our city". He added that the trains are "fit for a Queen" after Her Majesty visited Paddington last week to mark the completion of the Crossrail project. Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted: "Absolutely delighted that the Elizabeth Line has opened to the public today. "Long-term investment in UK infrastructure pays off - with this project alone supporting 55,000 new jobs, 1,000 apprenticeships, and forecast to boost the UK economy by £42 billion."