Sue Gray's long-awaited Partygate report is finally set to be published this week and reports have suggested the document will feature photographs of illegal gatherings. Ms Gray is said to have handed more than 300 images to Scotland Yard from her investigation.  Mr Cummings claims that the photographs would show that the Prime Minister "obviously lied to the Commons and possibly to the cops". The imminent release of Ms Gray's reports comes as the deadline for Downing Street officials to object to being named in it has passed. Referring to photographic evidence held by officials, Boris Johnson’s former chief adviser wrote in his latest blog: "One of the consequences is that I expect photos of the PM will emerge very quickly, within the next 24-48 hours. "Any reasonable person looking at some of these photos will only be able to conclude that the PM obviously lied to the Commons, and possibly to the cops, and there is no reasonable story for how others were fined for event X but not him."  Mr Cummings claims the PM was not fined by the police for attending certain events because the police did not investigate his attendance at those events. It comes following reports that Scotland Yard only investigated Mr Johnson for six of the rules-breaking gatherings he attended - but it was unclear why. Mr Cummings also said some junior staff at No 10 were told to attend events for which they have now been fined. He wrote: "This process for checking lawfulness was particularly crucial in No10 because No10 itself was exempted from some regulations (e.g so it could be part of the mass testing pilot) so staff did not know exactly what rules applied internally from day to day. READ MORE: Burley has Clarke squirming over Johnson's Sue Gray one-to-one meeting "They weren’t told ‘it’s your job to keep tabs on all the rule changes’, they were told ‘the PPS has a process to ensure everything is lawful’. "Obviously you knew *an actual party* (such as clearly happened in 2021) would be against the rules but many of the fines were for events that junior staff thought were a normal part of work and had been approved as lawful." Last month, the Prime Minister, chancellor Rishi Sunak and the PM's wife all received fixed penalty notices for attending a birthday gathering for the PM in No 10. All three apologised with Mr Johnson saying he felt "an even greater sense of obligation to deliver", while the chancellor said he was "focused on delivering for the British people". Opposition parties are also calling for the Prime Minister to explain the purpose of a meeting he had with Sue Gray over her report into the Partygate saga several weeks ago. The pair are understood to have met at least once over an update on the report's progress while it was being drafted, but a spokesperson for the Gray inquiry disputed a government source's assertion the pair discussed including photographs in her report. It is reported that while Ms Gray sent the calendar invite for the meeting, the original idea for it came from Downing Street.   However the Liberal Democrats are launching a Commons bid to force the Government to publish minutes from the meeting and clarify who arranged it. Deputy Leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats Wendy Chamberlain said: "The public would be rightly angry if it turns out Boris Johnson put pressure on Sue Gray to water down her report into illegal Downing Street parties. "A lack of transparency at this pivotal moment risks undermining the entire inquiry. "We deserve to know whether this meeting really was an attempt to turn the report into a Downing Street stitch-up." 