Britain's Got Talent host Ant McPartin and Declan Donnelly were left speechless during a performance from NHS and frontline workers who sang a song to symbolise the last two years of the coronavirus pandemic. Judges Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon were also brought to tears after members of the act also broke down while audience members gave a standing ovation. As the members of the act walked onto the stage, Amanda asked, "Who have we got here?" One of the women from the group answered: "We are the Front Line Singers," to which Amanda replied: "Oh right, we have got nurses and paramedics." The woman confirmed: "Nurses, paramedics, police officers, teachers, physio and some theatre performers who got some jobs on the front line during the pandemic." "Okay, so tell me how it all came about?" Amanda asked, wanting to know more about the singing supergroup. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy A gentleman stepped forward and took the mic, explaining: "My daughter Gina and her partner James, they are theatre performance writers. "They wanted to write a song that would bring hope and unity to something positive after what we have been through." Amanda praised the group for their work and said: "It's fantastic that we can be a part of it, thank you." As they performed and came to the end of their performance, the whole room erupted with applause and not one person was left in their seat. As the camera turned to Ant and Dec backstage, Ant became emotional and struggled to hold back his tears. Giving their opinion on the performance, Alesha began: "Oh, don't cry, you're going to set me off, I found that really moving, actually. "I really did, I hung on to every single word you said, and so poignant and so lovely because we are in debt to you and your services, we are, and it was very touching, so thank you so much." David Walliams added: "Yes, I mean it was just the perfect marriage between the incredible things you have done for us all and this wonderful song, it was just an amazing moment." DON'T MISS...BGT viewers 'expose' how Witch performed bad apple trick [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell speaks out on retiring from Britain's Got Talent [LATEST]Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury [WATCH] Amanda emotionally praised: "It was just wonderful that we can be part of it all, really, and you get this moment because it was tremendous, thank you very much." Simon Cowell congratulated the performers and said: "What we have gone through the last two years, it's surreal and then out of it comes moments like this. "It gives us a chance to say thank you to you because it is people like yourselves who have protected us, we have good times ahead, I think." All four judges were set on their decision very quickly, and all decided to send the group round to the next stage of the competition. They walked off the stage and joined Ant and Dec to discuss how they were feeling, when Dec said: "That was such a special performance, it was emotional, it was moving." One member of the group broke down in happiness and said: "Today was a good day," before Ant simply replied: "Thank you." Viewers of the show were in awe of their performance, with Katheeln Scholes commenting: " Loving the front line choir, well done everyone xxx #BritainsGotTalent." @emmamacwalters added: " Front Line Singers. What a choir. Emotional, moving and beautiful song @BGT #bgt." Jon Ingham praised: " Wow! That was a beautiful song! #BGT." Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV. Loving the front line choir, well done everyone xxx #BritainsGotTalent 