Prime Minister Boris Johnson was probed by the ITV presenter on Tuesday about the current cost of living crisis and unprecedented rise in inflation. Johnson claimed the government had taken great steps to tackle the UK’s economic woes, but Susanna Reid was forced to interject several times to get her arguments across. Johnson was left frustrated after Reid cut across his claims the government had achieved a strong economic position after emerging from the Covid pandemic. “That is what we are achieving,” he began. “It’s because of the steps this government took during the pandemic to get us out of the pandemic in a strong way. “With the fastest economic growth in the G7,” he tried to continue as Reid spoke over him. She interjected: “Okay, we’ve heard you say this before.” READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Johnson shot back: “Well, you’ve just told me I haven’t been on your programme for five years, so you can’t have heard me.” Reid argued: “But I do listen and watch all your other interviews.” With energy bills skyrocketing and benefits failing to match the severe rise in inflation, Johnson struggled for answers during his first GMB appearance in half a decade. He was left with his head hanging after being relayed the story of 77-year-old pensioner Elsie, who spends hours at a time on the bus to ensure her bills don’t get too high. Johnson was left stuttering as he tried to defend his achievements as Prime Minister over Reid’s questioning. The ITV presenter was left unimpressed as the PM finished his answer by cutting across her next line of inquiry. “Let me just make the point,” he interjected, as Reid conceded “Okay.” “Having a high-wage, high-skill economy, having youth unemployment at or near-record lows, which is very different from the economic crises I remember in my youth.” DON'T MISS:Dan Walker shares thank you as he confirms BBC leaving date [UPDATE]Outlander season 6 finale leaves fans divided as Claire’s fate unknown [REACTION]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT] As he continued talking over her, Reid shook her head and clarified: “Prime Minister, we understand. “This is not helping Elsie and it’s not helping people on benefits who are not seeing their benefits going up in line with inflation.” Johnson still insisted there were encouraging signs in the UK’s current economy, but fell silent as Reid plowed ahead with her arguments. “And it’s not helping from whom you took away £20 a week in universal credit,” she continued. “It’s not helped by people who now face a National Insurance increase.” Johnson insisted some of Reid’s claims were untrue, and signed off by confirming he still has no plans to resign despite being fined for Downing Street parties. He concluded: “I’m getting on with the job I was elected to do in discharging the mandate I was given.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.