Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has spoken out after his side's 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night. Goals from Bruno Fernandes, Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane gave the Red Devils all three points. And it also boosted their chances of playing in the Europa League next term - instead of the dreaded UEFA Conference League. Manchester United were comfortable throughout the match against Brentford and turned on the style in the final home game of the season. And Rangnick, speaking to Sky Sports after the game, is adamant the Red Devils can be successful under Erik ten Hag and that they need 'top-quality' players in order to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. "So far we haven't been able to speak,” he said. “Erik's focus is on winning the Dutch league, our focus was on our games. It's obvious quite a few players will leave and there is a need for top-quality players. “I strongly believe that if everyone works together we can bring Man Utd back to where we need to be. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "Other clubs only needed two or three transfer windows to challenge but from now on we need to bring in top-quality players who really help raise the level. If this happens then I don't think it should take too long." On his side’s performance, he added: "We were in control for most parts. “In possession that was one of our best performances this year. It was the type of performance we wanted to show to our supporters. We played with Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic and that gave us some quality in midfield. “It was not too easy for Brentford to take the ball away from us. In the first half we played too many square and back passes but in general it was a good performance. "In the end I'm not happy with the results [overall], especially in the last four or five weeks. “Until the West Ham game we were still in the race in three competitions. We had good moments until that West Ham game, we conceded fewer goals but in the last few weeks performances have not been as good as they should have been. In general we have lacked consistency." Fernandes also spoke out after the game. And he admitted that, while he was delighted to score, he wanted to land the big trophies. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Last game of the season at home, we wanted to give a good result and good performance,” he said. “We know our standard has not been the same as we expect but last game of the season we finish well at home. “Now we have more games to go so focus on those. We know that we always have to give something. The fans have been amazing supporting us. “We know that our season has not been at the level it should be but there is nothing we can do now but finish in the best way possible, win games and after think of the next season. "It is a long time since I scored! Obviously I am happy but those numbers don't count for me. I want to get numbers with trophies and not with goals."