Johnny Depp’s $100 million defamation trial with his ex-wife Amber Heard is on-going after weeks in court. The Hollywood star has occasionally commented on his involvement in a potential Pirates of the Caribbean 6 during questions, admitting he had hoped to give Captain Jack Sparrow a proper ending. However, the star claims this didn’t happen since he was dropped by Disney a couple of days after his former spouse’s 2018 op-ed in which she claimed she was a victim of domestic violence. It certainly sounded final when Depp was asked at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia by Heard’s attorney Ben Rottenborn: “The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film? Correct?” The star, who at another point said he felt “betrayed”, simply responded: "That is true, Mr Rottenborn.” Yet a viral video may offer hope that he’s not totally shut the door on Captain Jack. The footage is captioned: “A fan tells Johnny Depp he will always be Captain Jack Sparrow and he responds with Jack’s voice!” Depp is captured leaning out the open window of the back seat of a car as fans shout: “Love you Johnny!” One is heard enthusing: “You’ll always be Captain Jack Sparrow!” Suddenly, to their delight, the 58-year-old responded in his Pirates of the Caribbean character’s British mumble. Depp is heard saying: “He’s still around somewhere, I see him now and again! He shows up now and again.” It’s no secret the actor enjoys playing the character, having in the past put on the costume to visit hospitals and schools. One time he even appeared as Captain Jack on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland, although people going by in the boats didn’t seem to realise it was him. Aside from this new video, Pirates producer Jerry Bruckheimer was recently asked for an update on the franchise and there appears to be some hope there too. DON'T MISSPirates: Johnny Depp’s Jack Sparrow ‘bravest acting ever’ – Rob Lowe [JACK SPARROW]Johnny Depp's lavish generosity to Pirates of the Caribbean crew [JOHNNY DEPP]Pirates star on Johnny Depp overcoming Disney’s Jack Sparrow ‘worries’ [EXCLUSIVE] Speaking with The Sunday Times he said: “Yes. We’re talking to Margot Robbie. We are developing two Pirates scripts — one with her, one without.” The female-led spin-off has been in the works for a while, but all the more interestingly is the fact that Jerry won’t close the door on Depp reprising Jack Sparrow. Asked if the star could return for Pirates 6, he replied: “Not at this point. The future is yet to be decided.” The trial continues in its sixth and final week.