Britons who find themselves in hospital, or similar institutions, for more than 28 days will see their payments for certain benefits suspended. Not reporting changes like this could see people being accused of benefit fraud, facing fines up to £5,000.   There is a long-standing rule for ‘extra cost’ benefits like Personal Independence Payment (PIP) in that if they are in certain accommodation for a while, benefits will be suspended. This will usually mean a ‘pause’ in one’s PIP claim. However, some claimants are exempt from these rules, namely if they are: READ MORE: State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether - ‘huge pressures’  This exemption will remain with those who turn 18 during their hospital stay as well, so they will keep receiving their benefits. Additionally, people who are terminally ill and go into hospice will not stop receiving their PIP, unless it is an NHS hospital. One sometimes overlooked aspect of this rule is the fact multiple hospital stays could count towards it. If a person goes back into hospital within 28 days of leaving, it will then count as part of the same stay.     This could potentially take people over the 28 day limit, even if their first or second visit did not individually last 28 days. For example, a PIP recipient, aged over 18, goes into hospital for 20 days and is then discharged home. After 10 days at home they go back into hospital. They will stop receiving PIP if they stay in hospital for eight more days, totalling 28 days across the two visits.  Britons must report their change of circumstances to the DWP as soon as possible to avoid potential benefit fraud claims. Benefit fraud is committed when someone claims benefits they are not entitled to, either by not reporting changes in their circumstances or by providing false information, which carries a maximum penalty of £5,000. However, it is equally important that Britons also tell the DWP as soon as they return home, when their PIP should start again. Citizens Advice urged: “Tell them even if you only go home for part of a day - they should pay you for that day.”  People will need to tell the DWP: