Holidays and time to spend on hobbies and interests featured in the top 10 things the over 50s are satisfied with, along with being debt free, having good health and knowing the children are happy. A fifth of adults this age with kids still living at home also admit they are more than ready to get them moved out - and move on to the next stage of their life. It also emerged more than one in 10 have a more active sex life than they ever had before. Three quarters of adults said having time to relax is what really makes them feel content, with those 50 and older likely to take four or more minibreaks or weekend getaways in an average year. Simon Thompson, managing director of Warner Leisure Hotels, which operates 15 adult-only hotels across the UK and commissioned the research, said: “It’s no surprise that the results found a huge part of what makes people happy is simply having time to enjoy life. “Our guests love unwinding in whatever way suits them - from dancing the night away to live entertainment, to relaxing in our spas, learning something new like archery, or indulging in delicious three-course meals. “By the time they reach their 50s, people are more open to simply doing what they love when they want.” Things that make adults over 50 feel serene also include learning to be happy with what they’ve got (54 percent), and enjoying a leisurely tea or coffee in the morning (35 percent). Simple pleasures such as sunny days with clear skies, a good night’s sleep - and seeing old friends also featured in the list. But the research found those under the age of 30 describe themselves as least content with life overall, stressing most about their finances and work/life balance. Older Brits are most likely to consider themselves a "glass half full" person, compared to other age groups, with 40 percent of over-50s feeling this way. This compares to just 24 percent of under-30s, and only 28 percent of those in their forties. Across all age groups, finances are the main thing that keeps Brits from feeling truly content with their lot (39 percent), and 38 percent worry about their fitness levels. The research also explored the happiest moments of Brits’ lives to date, with the birth of children (32 percent) at the top of the list. This knocked most people’s wedding day into a distant second place (21 percent), while 17 percent said their happiest memory was the day they met their partner. For 12 percent, their happiest ever event was finally getting to go on the "dream holiday" they’d always wanted, according to the OnePoll.com data. Simon Thompson added: “It’s nice to think that the older you get, the better it gets. “It seems the 50s are the age when people start to appreciate what they have – and have more time to enjoy it.” THE TOP 30 THINGS THE OVER 50S ARE CONTENT WITH: