The past two years during which the world has suffered the covid pandemic is a case in point. Two years ago who knew we’d all be isolating, keeping our distance, queuing outside shops and wearing masks?. When it came, we adapted. Now, as there appears to be light at the end of the tunnel, we are facing another problem, food availability. First it was due to a shortage of delivery drivers caused apparently by Brexit and job losses during the pandemic. Now it’s the effects of war in Ukraine. Something needs to be done and I believe I have at least a partial solution. In the area that I call home there is a lot of land that fulfils no useful function. It isn’t home to animals, or used for food production. It just lies unused, overgrown and neglected. It is all in private hands. My partial solution to food supply worries is simple. Give local councils the power to take it over and hand it to local management groups for food production. Councils can already impose compulsory purchase orders on property, why not let them take over unused land for food production for the community? During this pandemic we have been urged to keep our distance, have the jab, isolate if we cough, all to protect the community from a virus that many won’t get and the majority will recover from. Food production for the community is even more important. We didn’t all get the virus, but we all need to eat. Of course landowners are likely to object but in the absence of any clear plan for the land on their part food production would take priority. If they aren’t willing to volunteer the use of their land then more forceful measures might be necessary. In the words of Star Trek’s Mr. Spock, ‘The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the one.’ I would envisage councils being funded by central government in the first instance to provide machinery, seeds and polytunnels to the management groups. After that the management group would be responsible for maintaining the machinery and growing enough to provide seeds for the following year. For that reason the group would ideally be made up of experienced horticulturalists and enthusiastic gardeners for growing, with mechanics and various other trades for maintenance and at least one person to manage the finances. It might sound like communism but in reality it’s just common sense. Why tolerate unused land when there are empty shelves?. Why tolerate unused land when children are going hungry?. Any society, any country, any planet, that stands back while children suffer and starve is far from the great civilisation it thinks it is. The other advantage of course would be the scheme’s contribution to fighting climate change. If the food is grown and distributed locally it’s carbon footprint would be greatly reduced. I know some will say it can’t be done, that you can’t just take land off people. To them I say this, we are living through a time of great change.   We can’t carry on as we have been no matter how unpalatable that may sound. We cannot allow the minority to hold on to something which could be used to benefit the majority. Anything we can do to reduce our impact on the only home the human race has must increase our chance of survival. The food we eat has to be grown somewhere, why not on our own doorsteps?. In world war two there was a slogan, Dig for Victory, used to encourage people to grow their own food to reduce Britain’s dependency on imports. I would suggest a similar slogan for this scheme, DIG FOR SURVIVAL. What do you do in your car if you take a wrong turning?. You backup and go the right way. That’s what the human race needs to do. We’re on the wrong road, we need to backup and take the right one. As a wise man (me) once said: "sometimes the key to the future lies in the past". 