Cancer survival rates have seen drastic improvements in the past decade, but those of pancreatic cancer have lagged behind. This is partly due to the timing of symptoms, which often arise once cancer has spread. And the later the diagnosis, the slimmer the chances are of receiving curative treatment. One sign of the disease may be pain that intensifies when lying down. When symptoms of pancreatic cancer start to emerge, they usually include a yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes. This is caused by a build-up of bilirubin - a dark substance made by the liver. Cancer.net explains: “Doctors often call pancreatic cancer a ‘silent disease’ because there are not many noticeable symptoms early on. “Also, there are currently no specific tests that can reliably find cancer for people who do not have symptoms. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: Can you smell that? The warning sign that shows up on the loo “When people do have symptoms, they are often similar to the symptoms of other medical conditions, such as an ulcer or pancreatitis." As the disease advances, however, symptoms may include pain in the upper abdomen, upper back or arms. This pain is often described as being "dull" and may come and go. It usually strikes in the upper abdomen or about the middle or upper back. DON'T MISS: Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER] Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT] High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] Hopkins Medicine explains: “This is probably caused by a tumour that has formed in the body or tail of the pancreas because it can press on the spine.” Alternatively, the pain may start in the middle abdomen and radiate down the back. “Pain can be worse when lying down and can often be relieved by leaning forward,” notes Hopkins Medicine. Because cancer destroys the cells that produce insulin, blood sugar levels may skyrocket. This is why health professionals advise anyone with a suspicious diagnosis to come forward for evaluations. The deadliness of pancreatic cancer is attributable to several characteristics. Firstly, the tumour is protected by a shield of connective tissue and blood vessels, making it difficult to protrude.