She warned Meghan that she would have to "live with that for the rest of her life." This came after their father, Thomas Markle, suffered a stroke earlier this week. He was rushed to hospital on Monday evening after losing his speech.   Speaking to GB News's Dan Wootton Tonight, the Duchess of Sussex's sister said: "He's been through so much. "Two heart attacks, a pandemic and now a stroke." She claimed: "Never did [Meghan] contact him to work it out. "God, if two heart attacks, a pandemic and a stroke don't speak to her then it's between her and God now. "There is no other way. "If she can't find it in her heart and doesn't have the moral conscience to reach back to him while his life hangs in a balance and he's reaching out to her then there is no point. "Shame on her in my opinion. And she's going to have to live with that for the rest of her life. "She doesn't have a lot of time to fix this, and it is her moral obligation to fix this." READ MORE: Samantha Markle claims father 'tortured' by Meghan's 'disregard' Ms Markle also accused her sister of "elder abuse", saying: "Her disregard for him, never reaching out, through two heart attacks, through a pandemic, knowing that he was trapped in the house because of media pressure. "All things taken together, it really took a toll on his health, and she had to know this wouldn't be good for him. "So I feel there is a negligence there in my opinion and I feel like it is in my opinion elder abuse because she had to see what was happening." "She wasn't blind to it, she saw what was happening in the media so I don't understand how she could just do nothing, watching it all." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry hire Michael Jackson's 'loyal' ex-bodyguard [REVEAL] Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' [REPORT] Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [INSIGHT] Ms Markle previously called Meghan's actions "unforgivable". Speaking after her father's stroke, Ms Markle told the Daily Mail: "My father is recovering in hospital. "We ask for privacy for the family, for his health and wellbeing. "He just needs peace and rest. Godspeed. We are praying. "He just needs some rest." She added: "It's a travesty how much he's been tortured and how much he's had to go through thanks to my sister's disregard the past few years. That is unforgivable." Thomas Markle was loaded into an ambulance in Tijuana by paramedics on Monday at around 9.30pm. According to TMZ, Mr Markle was unable to speak, instead being forced to write his symptoms down. He was initially transported to a hospital in Tijuana, Mexico, where he pictured breathing through an oxygen mask. The 77-year-old is later thought to have been transported to a hospital in Chula Vista, California. His latest health issue means he is unlikely to be able to return to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee, which he had planned to do. Express.co.uk contacted Meghan Markle for comment.