Sir Robert Neill, Conservative MP for Bromley and Chislehurst, accused tube drivers of “playing a political stunt” by effectively shutting down vital public transport during the Queen’s jubilee celebrations. The strikes are planned to take place at Green Park and Euston station on June 3, which would directly impact the service of thanksgiving for the Queen’s 70-year reign at St Paul’s Cathedral. Sir Robert also suggested that mayor of London Sadiq Khan was “washing his hands” of the issue because it was politically expedient.     Sir Robert told Andrew Pierce on LBC: “It’s cheap and it’s cynical and it’s thoroughly nasty. It’s basically putting two fingers up to the Queen and putting two fingers up to the ordinary, hard-working public who want to enjoy the day and celebrate the public holiday. It’s really appalling. “There seems to be some suggestions of bullying, as I understand it. It’s not a pay dispute, which is not surprising. The average tube driver gets about £56,000 a year. “So it’s not about money, it’s about some discontent in the workplace. Well, if they’ve got that, then they should negotiate first. “And then why choose those days and those stations if it’s that important? The timing and where they’re doing it makes it clear that, actually, this is about playing a political stunt by a very hard leftwing trade union.”    “The running of TFL is the responsibility not of the Government but of the mayor of London. The real question is what is Sadiq Khan going to do about this? “And I think we’ve scarcely heard a peep out of Mr Khan. I have not seen him rushing out to condemn [the strikes]. “Here’s after all the chair of TFL. Has he been sitting down with the unions and the management to sort this issue out? “The mayor seems to be washing his hands of it, turning a blind eye to it. Is that because he depends on the trade unions for the support of his Labour party?” READ MORE: Tube strike boss earns £124k a year [REVEAL]  The general secretary of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) announced the strikes earlier this week. The action is said to be in relation to “sustained bullying and intimidation” towards the tube drivers by a “toxic” manager. Mick Lynch said: “Staff at Euston and Green Park have suffered years of sustained bullying and intimidation by a manager who has created a toxic working environment. “The union has tried in vain to reason with management but they now will not let local representatives be part of a review into dismissals at the stations, instigated by the manager.” DON'T MISS: William and Charles anticipating controversial Harry and Meghan return [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry SNUBBED after inviting Sadiq Khan to California home [REPORT] Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London [REVEAL]  He added: “Our strike on June 3 will cause significant disruption to people wishing to celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. “However, if Tube bosses do the right thing, and deal appropriately with the manager in question, we can find a just resolution to this dispute.” Transport for London downplayed the seriousness of the strikes, saying there would be “no disruption” during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It said: “We hold our people to high standards and ensure everyone is treated fairly. We’re aware of this dispute and are carrying out an urgent review in a bid to resolve it.”   