June has almost arrived and the first signs of summer are beginning to appear, which means it's the perfect time to add bedding plants to your garden. These fast-growing flowers are ideal for adding a quick splash of colour to beds and borders - but they will only grow successfully if planted correctly. Here’s how to plant summer bedding plants for a full, vibrant display in just a few weeks.  Bedding is easy to plant and can have quite the impact with little time or effort required. These bright, seasonal plants should be added to the garden in late May or early June, and are best used to fill gaps or empty spaces in flower beds and borders. Planting popular bedding varieties like petunias, sweet peas, busy Lizzies and marigolds is easy to do, but preparation is key to ensure the plants are able to thrive. READ MORE: ‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer Moisture is essential to prevent the roots or soil from drying out, so it is important to always water your bedding plants while they are still in their original tray or container. Notcutts garden centres said: “Whatever plants you’ve picked out, it’s essential to give them a good watering before they’re actually planted. “Submerge the whole pot, root ball included, in a bucket of water and leave it for a couple of minutes to thoroughly soak through.” While the plants absorb the water, it is a good time to move onto the soil preparation. Start by removing all weeds from the bed or border you have chosen for the plants and use a fork or spade to turn the soil. According to B&Q, this will help to aerate and break up any compacted lumps of earth, providing a “better structure” for the roots to grow. You can remove weeds by hand or with a hoe, taking out any large stones as you work through the soil. Once you have cleared the space for the bedding plants to grow, it’s a good idea to mix in some organic matter to enrich the soil. Multi-purpose compost works well alongside soil improver or manure to enrich the soil with nutrients. Apply this mixture in the ratio of one bucket per square metre, using a fork to spread the compost out deep into the planting site. DON'T MISS:When to trim box hedges to encourage 'bushy' summer growth [INSIGHT]How to permanently kill perennial weeds - best method [REVEAL]The 5 gardening jobs for June - everything you need to do this month [LATEST] Depth is crucial when it comes to placing your bedding plants, so use the existing pot as a guide while digging the planting hole. The hole should be a little wider than the container which holds the plant, and should be planted at the same depth as it is in the pot or tray. Make sure the top of the root ball is level with the soil surface and add or remove soil from the bottom of the planting hole as necessary. To transplant the bedding, carefully push the plants out from the trays or pot, taking care to only handle it from the root ball or leaves. Slowly lower the plant into the prepared site where it will continue to grow. Fill any gaps around the plant with more compost or surrounding soil to create strong support for the plants. Ensure the roots remain well below the surface of the soil before watering - taking care to avoid the leaves. Bedding plants require a lot of moisture so try to water the bed every day, especially during dry spells throughout summer. B&Q said: “The foliage of many bedding plants acts as an umbrella, so even after rain; always check the soil around the plant to see if it still needs watering.”