Mauricio Pochettino is a shock managerial target for Spanish club Athletic Bilbao, who are prepared to offer him a way out of PSG this summer, according to reports in France. The Argentine is facing a nervy wait to discover his fate in Paris despite winning the Ligue 1 title this season at the Parc des Princes. Yet PSG's embarrassing last 16 capitulation to Real Madrid in the Champions League led to an internal inquest behind the scenes at the club. Pochettino was appointed to try and help his former club win their first-ever European Cup but so far, he is yet to come up with the goods - much like predecessors Thomas Tuchel, Unai Emery and Carlo Ancelotti. His side were also knocked out of the Coupe de France in the last 16 on penalties to Nice, meaning PSG will only finish the season with one trophy. While Pochettino remains confident he will keep his job, the board could be set to make a change in the dugout once the campaign has been concluded. READ MORE: Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axe According to L'Equipe, Bilbao are keen on appointing Pochettino in what would be a major coup for the Basque side. There is also reportedly interest from elsewhere in La Liga. The former Tottenham manager currently has one year remaining on his deal in the French capital but a return to Spurs has long been mooted - despite the arrival of Antonio Conte last November. Spurs are expected to continue with their current boss but the Italian could yet walk away at the end of the season if he fails to deliver Champions League football. However, as of now, Bilbao are the only side to register a firm interest in Pochettino since he was overlooked for the Manchester United vacancy. DON'T MISSNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool ace Mohamed Salah details meaning behind Real Madrid tweet - 'It's revenge time'Seven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-up  Pochettino held secretive talks with the Old Trafford board about taking over from Ralf Rangnick for the 2022/23 campaign - a decision that has not proved popular at PSG. But United eventually decided to push ahead with the appointment of Erik ten Hag, who will arrive in the coming months from Ajax. It was a bitter pill for Pochettino to swallow given that his future with PSG remains uncertain and furthermore, he'd also previously spoken to United about taking over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the 2020/21 season. He has faced plenty of unwanted criticism in France for the nature of his side's performances on various occasions this season. Pochettino also failed to deliver the Ligue 1 title last season after replacing Thomas Tuchel in January 2021 - missing out to Lille by a single point. It's left a stain on his reputation as PSG boss and after a productive summer in the transfer market that saw the club land Lionel Messi, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Achraf Hakimi, Gini Wijnaldum, Sergio Ramos and Nuno Mendes, more was expected of his team. Tottenham are seemingly open to the idea of bringing Pochettino back to the club one day given the good times shared together and the overriding feeling of sadness following his brutal sacking. The 50-year-old has maintained a professional relationship with Daniel Levy since his departure in November 2019 and has already been clear that he has unfinished business in north London.