Peter Wright, 65, first joined Skeldale Veterinary Centre more than 40 years ago under the management of the renowned Alf Wright. The Yorkshire Vet star has reflected in a new interview about his decision to leave Skeldale and how he is settling into his new role at Grace Lane Veterinary Practice. Peter continues to star in Channel 5's The Yorkshire Vet with new episodes airing every Tuesday. The new series of The Yorkshire Vet turns viewers' attention to the new generation of surgeons. As Peter settles into his new role, he has reflected on how far the industry has come. He said: "Leaving Skeldale Veterinary Centre in Thirsk after 40 years, initially working as a veterinary assistant to James Herriot and for the last 20 years as senior partner, I am now working part-time at Grace Lane Veterinary Practice in Kirkbymoorside, a beautiful market town. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown "My daily routine is very similar though, and I like the fact that I have retained some of the longstanding clients who have appeared on The Yorkshire Vet over the last seven years and have also been introduced to many new ones. "I think it’s obvious to viewers that the warmth, humour and resilience of Yorkshire people, particularly farmers, still shines through", he added to The Yorkshire Post. Peter previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the difficult decision to leave Skeldale and the progress he made because of the opportunity. He said: "I was there from being the new boy and then I gradually became (a) partner. "I then became a senior partner. I ran the practice for almost 20 years, and I have lots of happy memories of working there. "But, at the same time, I am what is called a mixed practitioner. In other words, I deal with all creatures, all shapes and sizes. "And to take the farm side away from me, you know, it had to stop because it wasn’t economically viable anymore and I couldn’t do that work anymore. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICS] Amber Heard sobs and tells court Johnny Depp kicked her to the ground [COMMENT] Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview [LATEST] "But I had to continue what I loved and that is being a mixed practised vet." The vet also discussed his retirement decision with his wife Lin who surprisingly changed his mind. He recalled: "I was at a crossroads when I left Skeldale, it was no longer economically viable to do farm work. "I thought, should I retire? And I went home to discuss it with Lin. "There was silence and she said 'Well, I don't want you under my feet.' "Lin is more than happy, but it gives me the chance to do other things." He also met his "hero", TV chef James Martin, for one of the cooking maestro's upcoming programmes. Peter said James had "wanted to be a vet" previously and it was an honour to sit alongside him and experience traditional Yorkshire food. The Yorkshire Vet airs on Tuesdays on Channel 5 at 8pm.