The Queen has been snapped touching up on lipstick while sitting to watch the Royal Windsor Horse Show on Friday. Her Majesty was joined by celebrities such as Tom Cruise and Helen Mirren for the Platinum Jubilee equestrian performance which begins a series of events to mark the Queen's 70-year-reign on the British throne. The Queen was seen fetching a red lipstick out from her black handbag as she admired the horsemanship from the royal box. "You don't see that very often," ITV Royal Editor Christ Ship told Good Morning Britain on Monday. Her Majesty seemed unphased by the celebrities and crowds as the 96-year-old took care of her lipstick. While during her makeup, the monarch sat in a formal dress with a tartan blanket keeping acting as a leg warmer.  The audience rose to their feet applauding and cheering when the monarch arrived at the arena close to Windsor Castle for the musical and theatrical romp across the centuries called A Gallop Through History. The event was staged by the Royal Windsor Horse Show which has been welcoming spectators for the past three days including the monarch who spent part of her Friday touring the show grounds after earlier missing the State Opening of Parliament. The Queen clearly enjoyed the show and at its finale, when her own horses and ponies were led around the open-air arena, appeared enthralled, beaming as the animals passed the royal box. Comedian Omid Djalili, who acted as the narrator for the event, could not resist a joke and said to the monarch: "Thank you for choosing us over the State Opening of Parliament."  Dame Mirren gave a heartfelt tribute to the Queen, telling the head of state: "For all these years you have carried our nation. You have been at its heart, its drumbeat. You have given us purpose and when situations have been challenging your hope, guidance and leadership have been unswerving. "I address you on behalf of all your loyal subjects. We commend and admire the way that you carry out the affairs of state with such dexterity and poise. "I therefore speak on behalf of a grateful nation and commonwealth when I give you our sincere and most loving thanks." Despite ongoing mobility issues the Queen had walked to her seat in the royal box after she was driven into the Castle Arena escorted by mounted divisions of the Household Cavalry. DON'T MISS Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President [VIDEO]Joe Biden will 'absolutely' run for second term in 2024 [INSIGHT]Joe Biden rages at Ukraine intel leaks and says its an ’overstatement [ANALYSIS] She was joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex for the show that reflected her life-long passion for horses. A tri-service guard of honour featuring the Coldstream Guards, RAF Regiment and Royal Navy was in place for the Queen's arrival which was signalled by the National Anthem being played by military musicians. Among the celebrities taking part in the show were Damian Lewis and Katherine Jenkins, an all-star cast of British and international talent for Sunday's performance which was broadcast live by ITV. Tom Cruise, best known for action film franchises Top Gun and Mission Impossible, later told ITV presenters Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham that the Queen "is a woman I greatly admire".