Piers Morgan has paid a glowing tribute to Andrew Symonds following the tragic news of his death in Queensland. Symonds, who played 26 Tests, 198 one-day internationals and 14 T20s for Australia between 1998 and 2009, was confirmed dead by police after being involved in a car crash. In a statement, officers said early investigations had suggested Symonds' car "left the roadway and rolled". They added: "Emergency services attempted to revive the 46-year-old driver and sole occupant, however, he died of his injuries. The forensic crash unit is investigating." Only in March, the 46-year-old attended a memorial service for another cricket great, legendary leg-spinner Shane Warne. His passing came just days after former wicket-keeper Rodney Marsh had also died, in what has proved a harrowing period for the sport in Australia. And among those to pay their respects on Twitter this morning was TV presenter Morgan, 57, who was also a close friend of Warne. "Devastating news to wake up to, another Australian cricket legend taken from us way too soon," he wrote. JUST IN: Graham Thorpe 'seriously ill' in hospital as family of England legend release statement "Andrew Symonds, 46, killed in a car crash just two months after his great mate Shane Warne died. Magnificent all-rounder, wonderful character, Aussie sporting icon." He signed off with post with RIP ‘Roy’, the nickname of Symonds, and a picture of the all-rounder celebrating the 2006/07 Ashes win with Warne. Morgan wasn't the only one to take to social media and air their thoughts on Symonds, who famously scored his first test century at the MCG Boxing Day Ashes match in 2006, the same match in which Warne took his 700th Test wicket. Former teammate Adam Gilchrist wrote: "Think of your most loyal, fun, loving friend who would do anything for you. That’s Roy." DON'T MISS:Ben Stokes comes agonisingly close to hitting six sixes in an over in record-breaking 161Joe Root was sounding like a broken record and quitting as England skipper felt inevitableBen Stokes comments on 'key ally' Joe Root as he replaces him as England Test captain Jason Gillespie added: "Horrendous news to wake up to. Utterly devastated. We are all gonna miss you mate," while another former Baggy Green, Darren Lehmann posted: "Look after yourself up there great man. Loved him so much and our thoughts are with the family at this time." Indian legend Sachin Tendulkar was also poignant, writing: "Andrew Symond’s demise is shocking news for all of us to absorb. Not only was he a brilliant all-rounder, but also a live-wire on the field. I have fond memories of the time we spent together in Mumbai Indians. May his soul rest in peace, condolences to his family & friends."