Kylian Mbappe will reportedly turn down the chance to move to Real Madrid and will instead sign a new contract to stay at Paris Saint-Germain. And his decision to remain in France could be great news for Arsenal as it means PSG are now unlikely to pursue Gunners transfer target Darwin Nunez. PSG had looked destined to lose Mbappe this summer as he had been widely expected to move to Real, who he supported when he was growing up. In fact, Los Blancos had been so desperate to get their hands on the 23-year-old that they submitted a bid of £137million for the player last year when he had less than 12 months remaining on his current deal. That bid was rejected and PSG have now been able to persuade the blockbuster star to put pen-to-paper on fresh terms. And he is reportedly set to be handed a £100m signing-on fee to stay at the Parc des Princes and could earn around £4m per month as well as other top-ups. With Mbappe leading the frontline alongside fellow superstars Lionel Messi and Neymar, PSG probably won’t want to try and fit Nunez into their team as well. So Arsenal could jump to the front of the queue in their attempts to land him. READ MORE: Liverpool offered Eddie Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal forward weighs up future   Mikel Arteta’s side are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah this summer when their contracts at the Emirates Stadium expire. And after allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to rip up his Arsenal deal and sign for Barcelona in January, the Gunners will be seriously short of options up front if they don’t recruit. Nunez has been in scintillating form for Benfica this season and has racked-up an incredible 34 goals in 41 matches. Six of those strikes came in the Champions League as the Portuguese giants reached the last 16 before succumbing to Liverpool. The 22-year-old showed he has what it takes to perform against English teams as he found the back of the net in both legs of his side’s showdown with Jurgen Klopp’s men. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football      Nunez has scored 47 goals in 84 games since joining Benfica in 2020 and has also been capped eight times by Uruguay. And he is regarded as one of the best young strikers on the planet. The ace has been attracting interest from a string of top clubs, with Manchester United and Liverpool also rumoured to be in the running to sign him. But the youngster would become a key man at the Emirates Stadium and could provide the Gunners with the catalyst they need to compete for honours once again. So Arteta and transfer chief Edu could pull out all the stops to sign him this summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 