Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed that star midfielder Fabinho will be unavailable for this Sunday’s FA Cup final against Chelsea. The Brazilian suffered a hamstring injury against Aston Villa earlier this week which is likely to keep him sidelined for the remainder of the season. Fabinho has made 29 league appearances for the Reds so far this season and has been an integral part of Klopp’s midfield. But the 28-year-old will not be available for several of Liverpool’s most important games. Speaking ahead of the cup final, Klopp said: “We have to [cope]. Because we can cope (without Fabinho). Having him or not having him is a difference but it is all fine. “That’s normal stuff that happens. It’s never in a position where you have 12 options, it’s always in a position where you [don’t]. We have a few players. Hendo came on and played incredible, he has played super games this season at 6 so that is not a problem.” JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'cuts Ajax celebrations short' for Man Utd transfer meet Captain Jordan Henderson, veteran James Milner and academy graduate Curtis Jones are all capable of stepping up in the absence of their teammate this weekend. However, whether they are able to replicate the defensive know-how and physical presence of Fabinho remains to be seen. Thankfully for Liverpool fans, Klopp also revealed that he is expecting the midfielder to return in time for their Champions League final against Real Madrid later this month. The German said: “There’s a good chance that he will be available for the Champions League final.”  Liverpool’s chances of winning the quadruple now appear slim, though a treble would be an enormous achievement for the Anfield outfit. Klopp’s side are currently three points behind Manchester City in the league with just two games remaining, and they also have a lesser goal difference. If City fail to get over the line with just 180 minutes of football left to play then the Reds will be waiting to capitalise, though Fabinho is unlikely to feature. It remains to be seen whether Klopp pushes for a summer signing or two to bolster his ranks in midfield, especially with some of the fringe players – such as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain – linked with moves away from Merseyside.