The BBC is set to spend £50million researching what viewers watch so they can make more of the shows which are enjoyed by those who pay their licence fee up and down the country. While GB News hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster praised the BBC for their quality coverage, Liz pointed out they forgot a key group of people when they created thier content. Liz remarked: "I totally believe in the BBC, I think it's great for national culture and live events. "We've got them to cover the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, they do great things to bring the country together. "I think Strictly Come Dancing, even though I don't get it, still does that. "But it's just the management, I'll have to choose my words. I'm not a fan of the present incumberance." READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah "It's like the NHS, too much management," Eamonn added. "But if £6.5million is going to be set aside, this is where they go wrong, into bespoke research into harder to reach, niche and diverse audience. "They're obsessed with people who don't want to watch them and make programmes for them which turns everyone else off." Liz cut in: "I'll tell you who's not covered by the BBC - white, working class lads in rundown areas of the post-industrial Britian, North West, the Midlands, parts of Scotland, Northern Ireland, south Wales. "They don't get a look in now." Isabel agreed: "You are so right and they desperately need it as well." It came after Eammon passionately defended the licence fee and the rival broadcaster. Eamonn remarked: "There's a lot of good things that they do. Can anybody think of anything they shouldn't be making or feel they get it wrong? "I do feel like the BBC get a right pasting sometimes. DON'T MISS...BBC backlash as It's A Sin clips censored at BAFTAs as drama 'snubbed' [REACTION]Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' [LATEST]BAFTA winners blast Boris Johnson over Channel 4 privatisation plan [INSIGHT] "There's no need to get this pasty because people pay, what is the licence fee? £150? Right okay, good luck to you the next time you're settling your Netflix bill or your Amazon Prime bill. "I'll tell you what I don't like about viewing today. I'll have watched something you've not watched, she might have watched it and then she recommends something. It's disjointed." Isabel agreed: "We never watch stuff together. There was a thing where we'd watch something as a nation at nine o'clock the night before and we'd talk about it the next day. "We miss that don't we?" "It is bad for society!" Eamonn stated as Liz agreed: "You'd go to school and be like, 'Oh did you see Monty Python last night?'" Christopher Biggins added: "Years ago you used to get 20 million viewers and now they get excited if there is three!" "I remember presenting The Holiday Show, Monday night, eight o'clock, BBC One, 15 million viewers, it was like regular," Eamonn continued. Isabel went on to note she thought the BBC did good childrens television due to the quality and focus on education. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays on GB News from 6am.