The Platinum Jubilee weekend is fast approaching and budding chefs are scrambling for ideas of what to make their families and friends. These three-way biscuits are some of Mary Berry's "absolute favourites". Mary's mini three-way biscuits are a delicious treat for both cooking novices and kitchen aficionados. The preparation time is less than 30 mins. The cooking time is between 10 to 30 mins, so chefs won't miss out on the Jubilee festivities. And there will be plenty of cookies to go around, with this recipe making 20 little biscuits of each variety, so a yummy 60 in total. READ MORE: Four ways to store avocados to 'keep them fresh for longer' - video Mary Berry makes these sweet little biscuits with her own grandchildren. The recipe is simple enough so that kiddies can get involved in the cooking process for some added fun this weekend. For those who don't want to spend too much time in the kitchen on the day, the dough is freezable or can be made in advance and stored in the fridge for up to two days. From just one batch of dough, cookie fans can create biscuits of the chocolate, almond or lemon variety. The recipe is also suitable for vegetarians. For the biscuit dough 175g/ six ounces of butter, softened 75g/ two and a half ounces of caster sugar 175g/ six ounces plain flour, plus extra for dusting 75g/ two and a half ounces of semolina For the chocolate chip biscuits 50g/ one and three quarter ounces of milk or plain chocolate chips For the lemon biscuits One lemon, finely grated zest only One to two tbsp demerara sugar For the almond biscuits One tsp almond extract 40g/ one and a half ounces flaked almonds Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas mark four. Line three baking trays with baking paper.To make the biscuit dough, whisk the butter, sugar, flour and semolina together in an electric food mixer until a soft dough is formed. Be careful not to over-beat the mixture. Those who do not have an electric food mixer can add the butter and sugar to a mixing bowl and beat with a wooden spoon until soft and creamy. Next, stir in the flour and semolina. The dough should then be divided evenly into three. Dust the work surface with flour before kneading each batch. Chocolate chip biscuits Knead the chocolate chips into one portion of dough and shape into 20 balls. Space them well apart and arrange on one of the baking trays. Press down with the back of a fork into round discs about 5cm/2inch in diameter and bake in the oven for 10 minutes, or until the biscuits are a nice golden-brown. Lemon biscuits Knead the lemon zest into the second portion of dough. Form this into a long sausage shape (about 20cm/8in long) and roll in the demerara sugar. Cover this in cling film and leave in the freezer for around half an hour, until firm and nearly frozen. Slice into 20 even balls, each about 1cm/½in thick. Space them well apart and arrange on one of the baking trays and bake for about 10 minutes, or until the biscuits are a pale golden-brown. Almond biscuits Knead the almond extract into the remaining dough, with most of the flaked almonds. Shape into 20 balls. Space them well apart and arrange on the third baking tray. Place a few almonds on top of each ball of dough and press flat with the back of a fork into discs about 5cm/2in in diameter. Bake these in the oven for around 10 minutes, until the almond biscuits are a nice golden-brown. The celebrity chef recommends freezing the roll of lemon cookie dough. This means you can create perfectly round biscuits. Everything can be prepped at the same time, but each tray of biscuits should be baked separately to ensure that they are cooked evenly. Once one batch is baked, these can be transferred to a wire rack to cool before moving on to the next. For busy chefs, these biscuits can be stored in an airtight container for up to three to four days. The dough can be stored in the fridge for one or two days before flavouring and shaping into balls.