The Labour leader dramatically announced on Monday that he would resign over Beergate if he receives a fine from Durham police. Jo Tanner, the Communications Advisor to Boris Johnson’s 2008 Mayoral campaign, has since said Sir Keir's tactics have stolen headlines from the State Opening of Parliament. Policing minister Kit Malthouse said the Queen's Speech will contain "assertive new measures" to help both people and the nation pay the bills. Speaking to BBC Newsnight, Ms Tanner said: "It’s distracting attention from the Queen’s speech. "The Government are going to really need something good in that Queen's speech to get some attention and get back on to the policy issues that I think everyone really wants the Government to do. "I think fundamentally the Labour team have clearly had a good look at what they think in terms of evidence, they are thinking the gamble is there to be taken. "I think it shows some bravery that probably Keir Starmer doesn't have." READ MORE: Macron caves as EU poised to offer Britain major post-Brexit role  The Queen's Speech will contain new measures to "dynamise" the UK to ensure people can pay the bills, a Government minister has said. But while policing minister Kit Malthouse acknowledged Government "alarm" at predictions of soaring inflation, he downplayed hopes of rapid help being announced on Tuesday. The Prince of Wales will read the Queen's Speech for the first time as the monarch misses the State Opening of Parliament for the first time in almost 60 years. The Queen, 96, pulled out of the ceremonial occasion - when she reads out the Government's legislative programme for the forthcoming parliamentary session - as she continued to experience "episodic mobility problems". In the Queen's absence, Charles will take on the head of state's major constitutional duty, in a move which will be interpreted as a significant shift in his responsibilities as a king-in-waiting. The Duke of Cambridge, also a future monarch, will attend the State Opening, the first time he has done so, with the royal function of opening a new parliament delegated to both Charles and William by the Queen. At the same time, the event is an important moment in the political calendar as Boris Johnson seeks to regain the initiative after the rows over lockdown parties and the heavy losses suffered by the Tories in the local elections. Mr Malthouse declined to give much detail but insisted there will be "quite a lot of nice things coming in this box of chocolates" when asked about the contents of the Queen's Speech. DON'T MISS Susanna Reid blasted by GMB fans over Keir Starmer beergate U-turn [VIDEO]Kay Burley leaves MP squirming over 3 Beergate excuses [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer will NOT be fined over Beergate, warns Tory MP [ANALYSIS] Asked if there might be a cut in VAT or cuts in income tax, he told LBC: "That's for a budget, that wouldn't be for a Queen's Speech, but I think what you will see today is us taking advantage, for example, of Brexit freedoms to strengthen our economy and make it more dynamic, as well as doing a variety of other issues. "I don't want to get reprimanded by the Speaker by telling you but I think you'll find there's quite a lot of nice things coming in this box of chocolates." He said there will be "assertive new measures", telling GB News they would "dynamise our economy, drive it forward, so that in the medium term we can pay our bills both at home and as a nation". Speaking to BBC Breakfast, he said the Speech will be about looking at opportunities to "remove some of the regulation which is holding us back, really grow our economy strongly into a high skill, high wage economy". But he said while it is an "incredibly challenging" time for people, legislation can take "many months, sometimes over a year, before it hits the statute book".