The US military is at risk of running low on missile launchers amid the ongoing efforts to ship anti-tank weaponry to Ukraine. A US senator has warned the "closet is bare" amid concern from an international military analyst that the Pentagon has reached the point where no more Javelins and Stingers can be sent to counter Russia's invasion of Ukraine without running down America's own arms supplies. US Senator Richard Blumenthal told a recent meeting of the US Congressional Armed Services Committee: "The closet is bare. "Just to give you one example the United States military has probably dispensed about one-third of its Javelin anti-tank missiles to Ukraine." Pentagon officials are reportedly concerned about the level of stockpiled missiles dropping below the level the US military itself needs. "I think we are at that moment now with Javelins and Stingers," warned international affairs analyst Mark Cancian. He told CNN: "The recent aid packages have not included anymore of these missiles. "To me, that indicates that war planners have raised a flag here and civilian leadership doesn't want to exhaust these inventories further." Biden has pressed the US Congress to approve his proposed $33 billion assistance package for Ukraine, including more than $20 billion in military aid. The United States has rushed $3.4 billion worth of weapons to Ukraine since Russia invaded on Feb. 24, including howitzers, anti-aircraft Stinger systems, Javelins, ammunition, and body armour.  Demand for Javelin missiles remains high as the war shifts from around Kyiv, where they were used to stop Russian tanks from advancing on the capital to an artillery battle in Ukraine's east. So far, the United States has sent more than 5,500 Javelin systems to Ukraine, the Pentagon said. According to a bulletin from Ukrainian officials, 1,026 Russian tanks have been destroyed. The Pentagon is monitoring the US stockpiles of Javelins, Stingers, and their components on a daily basis. DON'T MISS: Russian soldiers 'raping Ukrainian men and boys' [REPORT] Unhinged Russian media claims Ukraine using 'satanic black magic' [REVEAL] Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [INSIGHT] After failing to capture the capital Kyiv in the early weeks of a war that has killed thousands and flattened cities, towns, and villages, Russia has accelerated its attacks across southern and eastern Ukraine. Russia's military said it would pause military activity at the Azovstal steelworks in the port city of Mariupol during Thursday daytime and the following two days to allow civilians to leave. In an early-morning address, President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine stood ready to ensure a ceasefire in Mariupol. "It will take time simply to lift people out of those basements, out of those underground shelters. In the present conditions, we cannot use heavy equipment to clear the rubble away. It all has to be done by hand," Zelensky said.