Ovens are one of the most used appliances in the kitchen, yet they often go overlooked when it comes to a regular clean. While there are numerous ways to clean the inside of your oven, typically the oven racks need to be removed in order to be properly scrubbed. Though there are a number of cleaning products available to buy which are said to speed up the job, many people veer away from these as they do not wish to use harsh chemicals in the place their food cooks. However, this is where baking soda comes in exceptionally handy. The leavening agent, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is renowned for its many cleaning uses around the home. Your oven is one of them. According to experts from Brendid.com: "Cleaning dirty oven racks doesn’t have to take a lot of time or effort." READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers  They say that baking soda provides an "easy, natural way to get your oven racks as sparkling clean as a new oven." Baking soda is alkaline and works to dissolve build-ups of grease, grime and dirt. The particle structure of the white powder also works as a mild abrasive. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans' hack for removing suncream stains from clothes [COMMENT]London set to lead house price crash as bills soar [REPORT]House prices: Most and least expensive homes sold in the UK [INSIGHT] Begin by laying an old towel, or a rag large enough to fit the racks, in the bottom of your bathtub. If you do not have a bathtub, you can use a large container, such as an under-bed storage box. Next, lay the oven racks on top ensuring they are covered by the towel’s surface. Fully submerge the oven racks in hot water. At this stage, it is a good idea to wear rubber gloves to protect your hands from the temperature. Sprinkle baking soda over the oven racks. A generous serving will work well for heavily soiled metal. Add in half a cup of dish detergent and then leave your oven racks to soak in the cleaning solution. Once soaked, wipe clean with a wet microfibre cloth. If your racks have tough grime on them, you may need to scrub them using a sponge, however, avoid using steel wool or brushes. These items may scratch the stainless steel and lead to rust in future. When complete, thoroughly dry your stainless steel oven racks after cleaning them to prevent leaving stains.