Netflix’s historical drama The Last Kingdom aired its fifth and final season in March, which brought a close to the Uhtred of Bebbanburg’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) quest to become a leader. With the series now wrapped up, Father Benedict star opened up about a particular disappointment from the show’s final season.  Father Benedict (Patrick Robinson) was introduced to fans in season five, described as “a holy man with a troubled heart”. However, it was soon revealed that he struggled with an unhealthy gambling addiction. Although his habit was widely known, Benedict was in debt and owed money to Aelfweard (Ewan Horrock). Ahead of the final season’s arrival, the announcement of Father Benedict’s addition left fans with mixed feelings as the character didn't exist in the original novels. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue The Last Kingdom was the onscreen adaptation of a series of books written by Bernard Cornwall. Although Father Benedict was a new addition to season five, one of the major things which were accurately reflected from the novel, was the amount of action. Throughout the series, there were a number of nail-biting wars as the fight for power saw the Saxon and Vikings go up against each other on multiple occasions. Viewers have Bernard to thank for this, as his novels also accurately portrayed many of the historical battles which actually took place.  Speaking on his disappointments, the action is one thing actor Robinson wished he took part in during season five. When asked about the violent scenes, he revealed: “Being here and doing this has been fantastic. “And this is going to sound really weird, but I wish I was younger. “In other words, doing a production like this, if I was younger I’d get more enjoyment out of all the action that’s going on and wishing I could do it.”  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star on ‘sensitive’ Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom exit: Why did Thea Sofie Loch Naess leave as Skade? [EXPLAINER] Robinson continued: “All the horseriding, all the battle scenes, the fights, all of that. “If it was happening 10, 15 years ago, I’d be right there saying, ‘Yes, give me that, let me try this.’ I’m still part of it but there’s a bit of me that says, ‘Oh I wish!’” Thankfully, fans who also loved the action will be able to see their favourite characters return as the show will release a feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. The film is expected to portray the last three novels, which went unadapted after the season finale was announced.  In an announcement, the executive producer Nigel Merchant disclosed: “We couldn’t be more thrilled that Netflix have allowed us to come back and shoot this movie version and to reunite with so many friends, both amongst the cast and crew. “We started at Carnival developing the show a decade ago, we’ve been filming for eight years and just to finish it off in such a special way, we all feel very grateful that we have been allowed to do this,” he concluded. Fans can look forward to seeing the likes of Uhtred, Aelswith (Eliza Butterworth) and Sihtric (Arnas Fedaravičius). Thankfully for fans, Seven Kings Must Die could hit the screens sooner than later as Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon took to Instagram to announce production had officially wrapped. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 