Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has spoken about how he is looking to transform his new club into title contenders. However, Roy Keane has already spoken out about how significant of a challenge that will be. The Red Devils finished the season in a fitting fashion on Sunday, losing 1-0 to Crystal Palace. Ralf Rangnick’s side were disappointing from start to finish and rarely managed to carve out any openings, and they had to rely on Brighton beating West Ham to ensure that they were playing Europa League football next season. United are in need of a major reshuffle, and Ten Hag is expected to do exactly that when he enters the Old Trafford dugout. And the Dutchman already has hopes of ending the Liverpool and Manchester City ‘era’ at the top of the table. He said: “In this moment I admire them both. Liverpool and Manchester City play fantastic football, but you will always see an era can come to an end. I look forward to a battle with them and I'm sure other clubs will want to do that. JUST IN: Tottenham 'promise' Antonio Conte six signings but he may still be tempted to quit club “I don't see this as a risk. I think this club has a great history and let's make a future. I'm really excited to do that with the people around in the club – work hard, be 100 per cent committed and I'm sure we will have success.” Of course, targeting returning to the top of the Premier League will be music to the ears of many United supporters. But, if United legend Keane is correct, the changes that Ten Hag must implement will need to be monumental to bridge the gap. He told Sky Sports: “Whatever their problems, they have to look at where Man City are, where Liverpool are. Man City, Liverpool and these other teams aren't going to take it easy over the summer. “They're going to reinvest, get players in and get stronger. Klopp might stay on, Pep might stay on. It comes down to recruitment: getting the right players in and getting players out of the door, because the last few years just haven't been good enough.” “How many times can you say it? The biggest frustration for me, when they've had these disappointments, is the reaction they've shown. There's been a real lack of leadership, not enough characters in that dressing room.” United are expected to be busy over the summer and reports have circulated that signing a striker, midfielder and defender is the bare minimum that Ten Hag expects. But the former Ajax boss will have targets in other positions all over the pitch, as well as helping those already at the club improve – and he will need to see marked progress from his troops if they are to be considered capable of lifting the Premier League trophy in the coming campaigns.