Prince Harry designed Meghan Markle’s engagement ring himself, which had a central diamond, sourced from Botswana, and two smaller diamonds on either side of it. The central diamond was significant because Botswana was where the couple allegedly got engaged, while the other two diamonds belonged to Princess Diana. However, the engagement ring was altered a few months after Meghan and Harry’s wedding. In June 2019, the Duchess of Sussex made headlines as she attended the Queen’s Trooping the Colour and eagle-eyed fans noticed she was wearing a different engagement ring on her left hand. Gone was the gold band featuring the three diamonds, and in its place was a simple diamond eternity band. It was assumed that the Duchess had wanted an upgrade, or perhaps her fingers had swelled during her pregnancy. Meghan had not worn her engagement ring or wedding ring when pregnant with Archie. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover The Sussexes’ son was born on May 6, and the Trooping of the Colour was one of the first times Meghan had been seen in public since giving birth. Since she hadn’t been wearing any rings during her pregnancy, it made sense her fingers had swollen and therefore she needed a new ring. However, it was later suggested that the new ring wasn’t Meghan’s idea at all. Harry decided to give his wife a new ring for another reason. DON'T MISS:‘Nifty tricks’ to keep ants out of your home - including 29p deterrent [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains [INSIGHT] The Prince chose to upgrade the band at the same time that he ordered a bespoke eternity ring for Meghan as a gift for their first wedding anniversary, insiders claim. In the royal biography Finding Freedom by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, published in August 2020, the authors wrote: “On May 19, 2019, Harry also surprised his wife of one year with the gift of a ring that he had created with jeweller-to-the-stars Lorraine Schwartz, a favourite of Meghan's. “The conflict-free diamond eternity band paid homage to the family of three with Meghan’s, Archie’s and Harry's birthstones (peridot, emerald, and sapphire, respectively) on the underside of the ring.” The jeweller told Omie and Carolyn that Harry wanted to make the eternity “special”. Lorraine added: “He’s the loveliest person ever. So romantic, so thoughtful.” When Harry proposed to Meghan back in 2017, he thought carefully about the design of her engagement ring. During the couple’s first sit-down interview with the BBC, Harry said: “The ring is obviously yellow gold because that’s [Meghan’s] favourite, and the main stone itself I sourced from Botswana and the little diamonds either side are from my mother's jewellery collection, to make sure that she's with us on this crazy journey together.” Harry and Meghan later got married on May 19, 2018, in St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle. The Duchess’ wedding ring was a simple gold band made from Welsh gold from the Clogau mine in Dolgellau, North Wales. This is a tradition within the Royal Family as all members are given Welsh gold bands on their respective wedding days. As for Meghan’s dress on the big day, the Duchess donned a simple floor-length white number with a wide neckline, long sleeves, and a veil. It was designed by British designer Clare Waight Keller, designing the gown under the iconic Givenchy label.