Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray all paid tribute to their old rival Jo-Wilfried Tsonga as the former world No 5 retired at the French Open. The 37-year-old’s career came to an end with a four-set defeat to Casper Ruud at his home Grand Slam and tournament organisers held an emotional ceremony for the former semi-finalist. Tsonga’s increible 18-year career came to an end with a 6-7(6) 7-6(4) 6-2 7-6(0) defeat to the eighth seed on Court Philippe-Chatrier, and the 18-time title winner was honoured with a tearful ceremony on the court following the match. The Frenchman’s former coaches, fellow French players and family members took to the court to pay tribute to the former top five star, who was played a series of video tributes from the Big Four. Starting with Murray, the three-time Major champion said: “Hey Jo, I just wanted to send you a quick message to wish you a happy retirement and also to congratulate you on an amazing career. You’ve achieved so much with so many highlights, you’ve been a great ambassador for the sport. I always loved watching you play and competing against you so you’re gonna be sorely missed. All the best mate.” Tsonga had managed to defeat all of Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray at Grand Slams during his career, and beat the Big Three when they were all the respective world No 1s, and became a great rival to the legends of the sport. Djokovic shared his own kind words for the 37-year-old as he said: “Jo is one of the most charismatic players ever to play the game and I was very happy to share the court with him many times and we get along very well, he’s a really nice guy.” “And he brought I think positive attention and popularity to our sport not just because of his dynamic game style but also his charisma, his personality, so it’s a big loss for professional men’s tennis to have him retire but I wish him all the best. He definitely should be happy about his career and his achievements, and he’s made his mark and legacy in our sport.” Nadal added: “Jo is very charismatic. I know him since we were kids, good guy. I think he brings a lot of positive things to our sport so I’m sad to see him going but we’re getting old so [it’s] gonna happen to everyone.” Federer paid tribute to his old rival in French, saying: “It was a pleasure to share the court with you, to play against you. And to lose against you. Enjoy the moment, Jo-Willy.” Tsonga had an admirable 18-year career, reaching the final of the Australian Open in 2008 as well as producing two runs to the semi-finals of both the French Open and Wimbledon, and three quarter-final appearances at the US Open. He won 18 career titles, reached the final of the ATP Finals in 2011 and won Olympic silver in the doubles at London 2012.