The spiralling cost of living doesn’t appear to be slowing the housing market down and if anything, it appears there’s more demand than there is supply. However, house prices have been breaking records for four consecutive months this year, as the market has seen a £55,000 average increase across the UK in the last two years. And southern UK county Hampshire is experiencing a notable increase of nearly £200 by the day. In the past year, house prices in Hampshire have risen by 12.5 percent since 2019, and now possesses an average sold price of £380,141 up from £337,636. Several areas are starkly contributing to this percentage increase, with some places reported to be seeing house prices rising as high as £200 per day according to the Office of National Statistics. Topping the list of the largest increase in house prices over the last year is Winchester, with average asking prices rising by 14.7 percent in the year to March. This increase has seen prices jump from £442,568 to £507,658 in a year, equating to an average £65,090 rise, equivalent to £178 a day.  READ MORE: Winchester: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home  Test Valley follows suit, seeing a 17.9 percent rise in prices from £346,127 to £408,052 in the year to March. This means prices are up £61,925, which works out to an increase of £170 a day. The New Forest, Basingstoke and Deane, and Eastleigh have also seen stark price increases in the year to March, with numbers coming in at a 16.1 percent, 15.2 percent, and 14.4 percent rise respectively. HampshireLive has compiled a list of all of Hampshire’s local authorities and ranked them in order of how much the average price of homes is increasing per day - see below: Area // Price in March 2022 // Price in March 2021 // Annual change // Average per day // percent annual change  According to Rightmove, there are signs the housing market is starting to ease, which should have a knock-on effect on prices. Despite the market appearing to be much more active than that of 2019, there has been a drop in numbers of those contacting estate agents, and sales are down 17 percent overall in the last year. Properties on the market are also down by 55 percent to 2019, which means supply and demand should remain out of kilter for the remainder of the year. DON'T MISS: Inside narrow £1.3million terraced house that’s only 9 feet wide [PICTURES]‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k [INSIGHT]The ‘key’ front door paint colours to ‘maximise’ your house value [ANALYSIS]     So what does this mean for the housing market? Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property science said: “Though demand is softening from the heady levels we saw this time last year, the number of buyers enquiring is still significantly higher than during the last ‘normal’ market of 2019, while the number of homes for them to choose from remains more constrained. “We anticipate that the effects of the increased cost of living and rising interest rates will filter through to the market later in the year, and a combination of more supply of homes and people weighing up what they can afford will help to moderate the market.” Nathan Emerson, CEO of Propertymark said: “The year-on-year increase shows there is still plenty of momentum within the housing market, however, we are now seeing some signs of things starting to cool. But we keep coming back to the issue of low supply being the main driver of rising prices. "Our member agents are telling us that it’s still an issue and that the number of people looking to buy remains far higher than the number of properties they have listed. This, coupled with incredibly low borrowing rates, is likely to maintain prices in the short to medium term.”  John O’Malley, CEO at Pacitti Jones in Glasgow said: “It appears we are reaching a steady plateau in the housing market following the pandemic property boom. “Whilst frenzied buyer activity has calmed down, the market is definitely holding strong and we are now seeing higher volumes of vendors feeling more comfortable about putting their property on the market before making an offer on another. “Pricing remains very robust with substantial offers being made across the whole market, and in most cases are still significantly in excess of Home Report value. “It appears that people are more comfortable with a new normal, and whilst we should not forget the economic challenges ahead, for now we are taking the view that the market has stabilised.” 