The emergency situation occurred on a flight between the Leonard M. Thompson International Airport in the Bahamas and Florida on Tuesday afternoon (May 10). An audio recording of the extreme situation was released following the incident in which an unknown passenger can be heard calling for help over the radio.   Speaking to air traffic controllers, the passenger said: “I’ve got a serious situation here. “My pilot has gone incoherent. “I have no idea how to fly the aeroplane.” Reporting the news, local network WPBF 25 News attached dramatic footage of the small aircraft remarkably touching down safely at the airport.  ABC News who first obtained the audio recording of the incident said the aircraft was understood to be a Cessna 208 Caravan turboprop plane. Shaken air traffic controllers can be heard saying: “Maintain wings level and just try to follow the coast, either north or southbound. “We’re trying to locate you.” The light aircraft was seen flying off the coast of Boca Raton. Such flights are common in the region, and it's common to have just one pilot on board such aircraft. READ MORE:Face masks on planes and airports no longer needed  Air traffic controller Robert Morgan told reporters he'd printed out a layout of the cockpit of the plane’s model to guide the passenger into making a safe landing. Mr Morgan was hailed as a hero for guiding the passenger into bring the aircraft safely to the ground. Speaking after the dramatic event, Mr Morgan said: “I knew the plane was flying like any other plane. “I just knew I had to keep him calm, point him to the runway and tell him how to reduce the power so he could descend to land.” DON'T MISS:British boxer drowns ‘trying to save his dog’ in Benidorm [REVEAL]Brexit trade rows spill into Europe over EU deal [REPORT]EU 'doesn't care' about tensions with UK over hated Brexit rule [INSIGHT]  Mr Morgan, with over 20 years of experience as an ATC was made aware of the emergency during his lunch break. A colleague rushed over to him and said: “There’s a passenger flying a plane that’s not a pilot, and the pilot is incapacitated so they said you need to help them try and land the plane.” Although Mr Morgan is also an experienced flight instructor, he has never flown this type of aircraft. He added: “I said, ‘All right, we are going to get you to a runway. What do you see now?’” “He said he was just passing the shoreline near Boca. “Before I knew it, he said, ‘I’m on the ground, how do I turn this thing off’?”   Miraculously, the passenger managed to safely bring the plane to a stop. When it was all over, he and Mr Morgan embraced when safely on the ground. Speaking after the incident, Mr Morgan said of the passenger: “He told me that he couldn’t wait to get home and hug his pregnant wife.” It is still unclear why the Cessna’s original pilot was incapacitated. The Federal Aviation Administration has said the person suffered a “possible medical issue.” The agency is investigating the incident. Mr Morgan, meanwhile, says he’s happy to have helped – but doesn’t consider himself a hero. Speaking to CNN, Mr Mogran ended: “In my eyes, he was the hero. “I was just doing my job.” 