FairFuelUK chief executive Howard Cox said on Friday that the day's wholesale diesel price was 8p less than petrol, but that diesel was 14p more than petrol at the pump. He told GB News: "There's a 23p difference. They're using that as their cash [cow] to rip us off easily." He told Nigel Farage: "Petrol is not so profitable at the moment, in fact some areas I understand they’re losing money in the forecourts. "But why are they doing this? What we want is transparency and fair pricing. "When you drive into a garage and you hear that oil prices have gone up or they've come down, you have no idea what the price is going to be." Mr Cox claimed the fuel supply chain was taking advantage of drivers.  Figures from the RAC Foundation show that on Friday, May 20, the wholesale diesel price was 125p. This compared to a wholesale petrol price of 135p. The average petrol price at the pump was 168p whereas diesel's average was 181p, according to the RAC Foundation. Fuel prices have climbed to record highs in recent weeks as households continue to grapple with a cost of living crisis. Chancellor Rishi Sunak cut fuel duty in March in a bid to ease the burden at the pumps.  READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON AND THE SUE GRAY REPORT Fuel duty was cut by 5p a litre for 12 months at a one-off cost of £2.4 billion. But some motorists complained the saving was not passed on at forecourts. This week saw Conservative MP Robert Halfon repeat his support for a windfall tax on oil and gas giants. He said "desperate times call for desperate measures" and accused the companies of "ripping off" customers by not passing on the fuel duty cut thus making life "very difficult for millions of people across the country".  DON'T MISS: Sainsbury's diesel announcement to impact every petrol station in UK [REVEALED] Nicola Sturgeon tests positive for Covid hours after Brexit talks [LATEST] Boris Johnson and Sue Gray held private meeting [REPORT] The chairman of the Commons Education Select Committee suggested money raised from the levy and from scrapping green levies could be put towards a further rebate on people's energy bills. Put to him that this would be a one-off move, he suggested action could be taken on a yearly basis until the cost of living crisis is over. He told BBC Radio 4's World at One programme the Government should impose a windfall tax now and "then look at what happens". He said: "I reckon there are arguments on both sides on this in terms of employment and investment, I get it.  "But I think desperate times call for desperate measures and we must do this, and we must do it quickly." Jacob Rees-Mogg set out fresh opposition from within the Cabinet as he argued it is wrong to raid the "honey pot of business". The Brexit Opportunities Minister said the one-off measure on North Sea firms would ultimately see the public pay more tax. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Friday that he cannot "magic away" soaring energy expenses.  Instead he vowed to use the "firepower" of Government to "put our arms around people" as the Government did during the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Johnson has not ruled out the move, instead urging firms to invest their soaring profits, and Downing Street hinted a decision would be coming soon. During a visit to Hilltop Honey's factory in Powys, Wales, Mr Johnson said: "I'm not going to pretend to you that we can magic away every single expense that people are going to face as a result of a global spike in energy prices. "But be in no doubt that this will come down, we will get people through it. We will use the firepower we have built up to put our arms around people, just as we did during the pandemic." 