The actor was the perfect gentlemen as he made the gesture to help the Duchess of Cambridge navigate some steps on the red carpet at the event in Leicester Square last night. A snap captures the moment the 59-year-old Hollywood star assists Kate, as Prince William appears to smile. The actor's chivalry to the future Queen sent royal fans into overdrive on Twitter, with some suggesting Kate was "fangirling" and one joking that the Duke of Cambridge was "jealous". Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter said: "They've met so many big names, they're not generally fazed by celebrity, but I think perhaps William knows Kate's dying!" The royal expert finished her light-hearted tweet with a crying with laughter emoji. One Twitter user, @duchessangi, commented: "Tom is a very handsome man, and more distinguished with age. They are equally blushing... he is holding the future Queen's hand, and she is holding Maverick's hand." Another Twitter user, @Poshwonderland, said of William: "His face says it all. Bucket list check. Love it. Catherine deserves all the moments." A third, @sarahlustne, wrote: "I think William was jealous, who wouldn’t want to hold Tom’s hand!!" Another Twitter user with the handle @JamieFr10016993 said: "Cruise is the one who’s dying. Catherine is exquisite!" A royal fan account, @TRHDukeDuchess, added: "William knowing Kate is fangirling from the inside lol." READ MORE: Cruise greets Kate and Will on Top Gun red carpet - but fails to bow  A sixth Twitter user, @figurewizard, commented: "It looks like William was reaching out to offer the same but Tom beat him to it." Another, @Jazzyels27, said: "To be a fly on the wall when they get home, I can imagine William ribbing Catherine about this for some time." One more, @lorna_adair, added: "It’s a case of William the third wheel, Cruise is acting like a gentleman, Kate will be swooning on the inside." Kate, 40, and William, 39, dazzled as they attended the UK premiere of Top Gun: Maverick on Thursday. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex stuns in silver for glamorous dinner at Windsor Castle [PICTURES]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'fly-on-the wall' show dismantled [ANALYSIS] The couple stole the show as they mingled with the star-studded cast led by Hollywood royalty Cruise. The Duchess showed off her incredible figure in a full-length black and white dress. She wore her hair sleek and straight around her shoulders and accessorised with a pair of dangly earrings. Meanwhile, William was dapper in an Alexander McQueen tuxedo teamed with loafers with "F-18" embroidered on them, a nod to the fighter jets in the movie. Speaking at the premiere, Cruise said he had "a lot in common" with the future King. He added: "We both love England, and we're both aviators, we both love flying." 