Flies lay eggs and these turn into maggots. Maggots then become flies and lay more eggs - the cycle repeats. They reproduce incredibly quickly, particularly in environments that are warm and moist. These pests are also attracted to food, particularly meat and fish which they help to break down. This means bins are a natural place for maggots to breed. While maggots are not harmful, they can pose an unpleasant and unsightly problem when they infiltrate your rubbish bin. Maggots can be a nuisance at any point of the year, however, they are particularly problematic over late spring and summer, when flies are more active. So, while you may also be wondering how to keep flies out of the house, it is important to know what to do if maggots take over your home. Maggots can survive for eight to 10 days before turning into a fly, but they can cause a lot of damage during that time. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap trick’ to rid homes of fruit flies At this time in the year (when maggots are most common), it is best to prevent the pest by eliminating anything they could feed upon. Edward Jones, HomeCareHow’s founder advised: “Check stored food items that may be their source of nourishment. “Be wary of dirty and rotting areas. If your foundation is rotting, maggots are most likely present in the different rooms of your home.” Those contending with these pests, fear not, knowing how to kill maggots instantly will get rid of them permanently. According to experts, boiling water is the “most impactful” way to kill maggots quickly. DON'T MISS: ‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer [TIPS]Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [EXPERT]‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds with natural methods [INSIGHT] Nicholas Martin from Pest Control Hacks said: “Maggots are actually highly vulnerable to many things. “They consist mostly of protein, which makes them most vulnerable to boiling water.” The pest control expert explained that boiling water causes protein coagulation and kills maggots instantly – and naturally. He added: “Don’t forget that maggots can live in cool and warm water, so it must be boiling to kill them.” Homeowners can follow up by sprinkling a good amount of baking soda over the bin to eliminate any unsavoury scents. Not only does this solution effectively kill maggots but is also natural and free so there’s no need to waste money on insecticides. What’s more, Nicholas isn’t the only person who practices this technique. Ray Brosnan, pest expert, similarly recommends pouring boiling water over the area where the maggots are gathering to remove them quickly. He said: “All you need to do is rinse away the remains afterwards. “A sprinkling of baking soda over the area is recommended after the scalding to eliminate any bad smells that may linger.” After using baking soda, all residue of the maggots should disappear completely. For an equally organic solution, the expert suggests spraying the maggots with warm water mixed with concentrated lime juice and salt. This natural DIY remedy will ensure your home is maggot-free quickly. Plus, many of these ingredients are kitchen staples that you may already have hidden in your cupboard. While boiling water is often powerful enough to eliminate maggots permanently, you can also tackle this pest with a bleach mixture. This method is not as natural as the first, but Nicholas explains that it’s equally as powerful. He explained: “You can mix bleach 50/50 with water and pour it onto maggots to kill them quickly. “If the maggots are in your trash can, you can also close it after pouring bleach inside to kill those maggots that are not covered with the liquid with toxic bleach fumes.”