This came after Princess Beatrice appeared at a royal garden party, which took place at Buckingham Palace yesterday. She attended the engagement alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Responding to her appearance at the event, many royal watchers on social media suggested the Princess should play a bigger role in the Royal Family. Elizabeth Rose wrote on Twitter: "I am pleased Princess Beatrice was there, as I think she is lovely and should play a bigger role. "The Gloucester's are so dedicated and always busy and The Wessexes and Cambridges are just marvellous. "I adore them all". Karen added: "Lovely to see Princess Beatrice attending more events, hope she becomes a full time working royal". Another Twitter user, Cari, agreed, suggesting there has been too much emphasis on Kate and William. She wrote: "Why so focused only on the Cambridge’s. "Time to start focusing on Princess Beatrice now. "She’s been royal her whole life". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice steps to fore in rare royal outing Lia Reichardt added: "I wish Bea all the best. "It’s great to see a family supporting one another." Meanwhile, Pippa praised Beatrice's appearance at the event, writing: "Well done, Beatrice." It was recently announced that Princess Beatrice would not be appearing on the balcony during Trooping the Colour. DON'T MISS: 'She looks lovely!' Princess Beatrice wears chic look for garden party [PICTURES] Princess Beatrice's name changed as Queen branded original 'too yuppie [REVEAL] Inside Queen's relationship with five balcony-snubbed grandchildren [INSIGHT] Only working royals will appear for the iconic balcony moment, the palace announced, which will take place on the first day of the Queen's Jubilee. A Buckingham Palace source said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional trooping the colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2 June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." This means that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will also be absent from the balcony. Princess Beatrice's father, Prince Andrew, and her sister Eugenie will also not appear. However, they are all expected to be in attendance at other Jubilee events, including a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral.