One expert claims that households have lost £1,900 per year in unclaimed Pension Credit. Those who reach the state pension age, which is currently 66, can be given extra money through Pension Credit if they are on low income. The benefit payment tops up a claimant’s weekly income to £182.60 if they are single and their joint weekly income to £278.70 if they have a partner However, experts are sounding the alarm that those eligible for Pension Credit are not claiming the crucial benefit support. Currently, pensioners are dealing with a nine percent inflation rate and energy bills are forecast to hit £2,800 by October of this year. According to a recent report from the Centre for Ageing Better, 2.1 million Britons of pension age are living in relative poverty. This represents 18 percent of the population. In recent years, due to the pandemic and rise in the cost of living, this trend of pensioners falling into financial hardship has continued. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Kim Chaplain, a specialist advisor for Work at the Centre for Ageing Better, outlined why it's important for older people who are in financial stress to claim support through Pension Credit. The pensioner expert notes that 850,000 families are entitled to Pension Credit in the UK, however they are not claiming the benefit. Around £1.7billion in Pension Credit went unclaimed between 2019 and 2020, which comes to round £1,900 per year for each eligible household Ms Chaplain explained: “On the face of it there are two potential major issues causing this low rate of Pension Credit uptake. “The first is the complexity of the pension credit claim form, which is demanding and requires evidence to be submitted alongside it. Many of the people who might be entitled need support to complete it. “The second is associated with the first: it is a very intrusive process. Many people are not comfortable, and indeed may well be embarrassed, about the need to claim and therefore choose to try to get by without it. “Some may well believe that even when they have been through the process they are unlikely to get any additional support.” Recently, the Government has made a conscious effort to get people on Pension Credit however Ms Chaplain believes further improvements can be made. She added: “There is an enormous number of people being thrust further into hardship unnecessarily due to a system which isn’t reaching as many people as it can. “The government’s recently announced campaign to boost uptake of Pension Credit is a welcome step, and we will be interested to see the effects it has. “As things stand, some customers find it difficult to access the Pension Credit service unless they have a good local community support from the likes of the Citizens Advice, or the Council for Voluntary Service.” Specifically, the pensioner expert called for “good, personalised support” which would be triggered once someone claims their state pension for the first time. “This support could also kick in when someone is already claiming the basic state pension but their circumstances change significantly, such as following a bereavement,” Ms Chaplain said. “Pension Credit is a great concept, and one that many families desperately need, but improvements need to be made to maximise uptake and help those struggling the most.” Express.co.uk has reached out to the DWP for comment.