The Big Bang Theory follow-up is proving just as popular as the original CBS sitcom as it comes to the end of another smash hit season. However, launching a brand new series based around nine-year-old Sheldon Cooper (played by Iain Armitage) was no easy task for producer Steve Holland when they had Emmy award-winning Jim Parsons’ original performance to contend with. Executive producer Steve and the creators of Young Sheldon didn’t think it was possible to replace Big Bang star Jim until they saw Iain’s audition. Sheldon’s childhood adventures begin when he was just nine years old and still growing up in Medford, Texas as a science prodigy and outcast. Unfortunately, young actor Iain had nearly a decade of Jim’s iconic performance as adult Sheldon to be compared to. “Obviously, casting Sheldon was a seemingly insurmountable challenge at the beginning,” Steve recalled. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack “We were like, ‘Can we find a kid whose nine who can do what Jim Parsons did?’ “‘That doesn’t seem possible! We’re not going to find that.’” Jim has been awarded no less than four Emmy awards for his work on the original hit series. He has received two further nominations, one for his performance as Henry Willson in Ryan Murphy’s Netflix miniseries, Hollywood. The comedy star has also picked up a Golden Globe for his Big Bang role and has since appeared in a number of films and stage productions since breaking out on the sitcom. Replacing him for the new prequel series in 2017 seemed a daunting task until the producers received footage of Iain’s work as an emerging star. Steve told The Wrap: “And then we got this audition tape from Iain’s mum, who’d shot him on tape and sent it in. “Like, ‘Who is this kid?’ And we started Googling him and he had done red carpet theatre reviews on Broadway when he was, like, seven!” DON'T MISS:Joanna Lumley denies royal drama will overshadow Jubilee [OPINION]Stranger Things season 4: Fans slam Hopper’s escape [REACTION]The Blacklist season 9 dealt blow with record-low ratings [LATEST] Iain was almost immediately thrust into the world of performing after being born to Scottish actor Euan Morton - he’s even named after British stage icon Sir Ian McKellen. His career first gained traction with his YouTube series Iain Loves Theatre, and in 2015 served as a young correspondent for Perez Hilton during the Tony Awards. He later landed roles in the popular series Law and Order: Special Victims Unit and a more prominent part as Ziggy Chapman in Big Little Lies around the same time as getting cast in Young Sheldon. “His dad is a theatre actor and he’s a big theatre fan,” Steve added. “You can find these videos online. This kid is a unicorn. “So, casting him was a really important piece of the puzzle.” After overcoming arguably the biggest challenge presented by the sitcom spin-off, the writers were then tasked with filling out Sheldon’s childhood before meeting up with Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and the rest of the gang. “Everyone knows the ending of the story,” Steve explained. “If you’re a Big Bang fan you know what happens to Sheldon. So, how do you tell a show that has stakes? “We’d have big internal discussions. Some of it is, you know where the story goes but we’d find ways to tell the story so it doesn’t unfold in the way you think it’s going to unfold.” The first five years of Young Sheldon have been packed with plenty of surprises so far, and there’s no doubt the series will continue to impress with its already confirmed sixth season. Young Sheldon is available on CBS in the USA and airs Sundays on E4 in the UK.