Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag resisted the temptation to delve into specifics after Marco van Basten recommended who his first signing should be at Old Trafford. The Ajax legend believes that Chelsea's Hakim Ziyech would be a good fit given the success of a past partnership in Amsterdam. United are expected to chase reinforcements up top and out wide this summer. Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata are in their final few days at the club while there is uncertainty over the futures of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood. Van Basten believes that Ziyech would be a viable transfer option to give United a new ingredient on the wing. His numbers at Chelsea have been far from jaw-dropping, but the former Netherlands boss told Ziggo Sport's 'Rondo': "What comes to my mind now is that I think Ziyech, who already plays in England, could be a very good footballer at Manchester United for Erik." Thankfully for United fans, Ten Hag was alongside Van Basten on Monday night's show and had the opportunity to respond face to face. JUST IN: Three star players Arsenal could lose after Champions League failure But instead of delving into whether a swoop for Ziyech could be on the cards, the 52-year-old played down transfer speculation as part of the job. "Of course this was already the case at Ajax," he said. "You take that in and then you have to continue to work well with the dressing room and with people within the club. You have to analyse well and make the right choices." The Blues were thought to have bagged themselves a bargain when they nabbed Ziyech from Ajax for £33million in 2020. Six league goals since then make for a disappointing return, but with three more years on his contract at Stamford Bridge, United may not be able to sign him on the cheap. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s likely response as Man Utd board ‘want decision made over three players’ [REPORT]Four signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap despite Tuchel comments [TRANSFERS]Newcastle try to 'tempt' Jose Mourinho into leaving Roma despite Eddie Howe heroics [GOSSIP] The Moroccan, who is famed for his sublime left foot from the wing or attacking midfield, was at his best under Ten Hag in the Eredivisie, bagging 21 goals in all competitions back in 2018/19 along with a league title and a Dutch Player of the Year award. While his quality has shone through in flashes at Chelsea, he has often had to settle for a bit-part role. United had been linked with a summer move for Ajax winger Antony, among a host of stars tipped to follow Ten Hag to his new club. But the incoming boss appeared to suggest that he will not chase the Brazilian for fear of hurting his former side, pointing out that 'there is nobody at the club that can take over his position'.  It remains to be seen if that will spur Van Basten's Ziyech tip into action, but a player Red Devils fans could be forgiven for getting excited about is Jurrien Timber. The 20-year-old centre-back has had a superb season at Ajax, and Ten Hag claimed that 'every top club in Europe has got him in their sights'. The latest developments signify that United fans don't have long left to wait before the imminent management change at Old Trafford. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick has less than a week before his final touch-line outing, as his side travel to face Crystal Palace on Sunday.