Arsenal and Manchester City are reportedly £20million apart in their valuations of Gabriel Jesus - but a deal is still expected to be struck. The Gunners have prioritised a summer deal for the Brazilian striker, who will have just one year remaining on his current City deal at the end of the season. Mikel Arteta is desperate to bolster his frontline after the Gunners failed to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January and they could also be set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah, who are both due to become free agents when the current campaign concludes. Jesus has emerged as Arsenal's primary summer target in recent weeks, but a new report from The Independent claims that the two clubs have different valuations of the 25-year-old. City valued their man at £60m, while Arsenal would like to strike a deal for a sum closer to £40m. However, the report goes on to outline that nobody expects the deal to collapse due to financial differences and that 'everyone believes' that a deal is 'done'. READ MORE: Man Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' in Ten Hag boost City are willing to do offload players in the summer after striking a £51million deal for Erling Haaland earlier this week. As well as Jesus, Raheem Sterling and Rihad Mahrez are two other big names that City would be 'prepared to listen to offers for'. Jesus has been with City since 2017 but has often been second-choice under Pep Guardiola. Even the departure of club legend Sergio Aguero - who left the Etihad last summer - hasn't aided Jesus in his bid to become a regular under Guardiola and the ex-Palmeiras man could decide to pursue regular first-team action elsewhere in the summer. The striker's agent, Marcelo Pettinati, confirmed earlier this week that talks have been held with Arsenal over a potential transfer. Jesus' agent also confirmed that the City star 'liked the project' at the Emirates, with Arteta on the brink of taking the Londoners back into the Champions League. DON'T MISS However, Pettinati also hinted that a deal for Jesus would not be straightforward. The star's representative claimed that six other clubs are interested in striking a deal for the City man if he becomes available in the coming weeks. Pettinati said: “We had talks with Arsenal about Gabriel Jesus. We like the project – it’s a possibility we’re discussing. There are six more clubs interested in Gabriel. He’s focused on the final games with Man City; we’ll see.” When Jesus himself was quizzed on his desire for regular action after netting four times against Watford last month, the City ace gave little away. He said: “It’s not just me, it’s [all] the players."