Coronation Street icon Kevin Webster has been involved in an array of dramatic storylines over his time on the cobbles. From his on-again, off-again relationship with Sally Metcalfe (played by Sally Dynevor), proudly bringing up his girls Sophie (Brooke Vincent) and Rosie (Helen Flanagan) and most recently, getting involved with Abi Franklin (Sally Carman), Kevin has always been at the heart of the show. Looking ahead to his 40th anniversary on the show, Michael spoke about his future as the much-loved mechanic. Addressing whether he would leave the show anytime soon, Michael told Express.co.uk: "I love it, what's not to like about it? "I have actually been blessed with the actors I have been put with, which has made my job so much easier. "It's not like coming into work, I have been blessed with the people I work with, so it's great." Touching on the many storylines Kevin has been involved in over the years, Michael revealed he was "proud" of his work. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? "I am always proud, I am just pleased to be a part of the show, and it is a fantastic place to work, it gives you a good working yourself. "That's all I want to do is do my best, and hopefully, the viewers like it." Michael explained he never thought he would still be playing Kevin Webster as he originally was cast as another character. "No, absolutely not, I came in as Neil Grimshaw the paperboy at first, I wasn't up for Kevin Webster," he recalled. "I had an audition for Kevin, and I got the job for 12 episodes, went off and then got a call asking if I wanted to come back, how time flies!" In recent months, Kevin has been supporting his ex Abi with her custody battle for son Alfie against Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). In a trailer released by ITV, things are set to come to a head as Abi's rivals Imran and Toyah (Georgia Taylor) takes place. A dramatic week of episodes starts with a flash-forward of Imran leaving a chilling message for Toyah in which he reveals his plan to destroy Abi. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Nicky proposes to Daniel in romance twist  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb's exit confirmed  [LATEST]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [WATCH] She has been blissfully unaware of the lies Imran has told about Abi surrounding her drug use in order to get sole custody of Alfie. Throughout the week, viewers will be taken back and forth between the action, which centres around the horrific car crash as both Toyah and Imran lie unconscious in the wreckage. With emotions boiling over, the stakes are at their highest as Abi, Kevin, Imran, and Toyah go head to head for baby Alfie. Kevin will fight for Abi to stay in Weatherfield after she revealed she plans to go to Costa Rica with Alfie. Later in the week, Kevin and Abi are questioned about their involvement in the crash as police are convinced it wasn't an accident. Did Kevin tamper with the breaks of the car on purpose to give Abi another chance at a life with her son? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.