Jane Fonda, 84, has returned to Glamour Magazine, over sixty years after she first appeared on the cover. The Grace & Frankie actress reflected on her lengthy career and the period of her career 60 years ago when she "doubted" she would make it past 30 years old, while settling into the "final act" of her life. Jane stunned in the snaps for the magazine photoshoot, with the snaps glorifying her youthful appearance. The actress stunned in a figure hugging white trousers and a tight-fitted white top, complete with statement green puffed sleeves. While in another snap, Jane went for a pink ensemble including a sheer top, a long rain coat, along with chinos and pumps. She also made sure to turn heads as she posed in a black skin tight long-sleeved maxi dress. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown In the interview, Jane spoke about her lengthy career as well as her late mentor Katherine Hepburn's dislike for her. Jane first appeared on the front of Glamour Magazine in 1959 when she was just 18 years old and was yet to strike big in the industry. Reflecting on the cover 63 years later, Jane said: "At that time in my life, I doubted I would live past 30. "Just thinking about that filled me with hope. I didn't give up. I kept going. I tried to get better. I did." She added that in those days, magazines simply just put models on the cover and that if she was told at the time she would still be working now she "wouldn't have believed them". The actress also revealed that when she turned 60 she realised she was approaching her "final act" in life and it "wasn't a dress rehearsal". Jane said: "One of the things that I knew for sure is that I didn't want to get to the end with a lot of regrets, so how I lived up until the end was what was going to determine whether or not I had regrets." The actress worked with Katherine Hepburn in the 1981 drama On Golden Pond, and Katherine made it "clear" she did not like her. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICS] Amber Heard sobs and tells court Johnny Depp kicked her to the ground [COMMENT] Amber Heard shows jury photo of Johnny Depp after alleged drugs binge [LATEST] Jane said: "She said she learned to admire me but she didn't really like me. She took me under her wing in a certain way and that was important." Jane made her professional debut in 1960 on Broadway and on screen, and she went on to become one of the biggest movie stars of the 1960s and 1970s with films like 1968's Barbarella. She is also one of the most popular actresses in the history of the Golden Globes having earned an astonishing 15 nominations. This includes seven wins for films like 1962's Tall Story, 1972's Klute, 1978's Julia and 1979's Coming Home. The legendary actress welcomed her first child, a daughter named Vanessa Vadim, with her first husband, Roger Vadim, in September 1968. Although the pair’s marriage only lasted from 1965 to 1973, Jane went on to find love again with her second husband, Tom Hayden. The lovebirds welcomed two kids together after their 1973 wedding. Their son, Troy Garity, became a well-known Hollywood actor and their daughter, Mary Luana Williams, followed in her dad’s footsteps and became a social activist. Jane and her three children attended the 42nd Life Achievement Award Gala together, with Jane focusing on her life with her family as well as her acting career. You can read the full interview in months Glamour Magazine