Emile joined the cast of Emmerdale in 2020 and his character Ethan has been at the centre of some extremely topical storylines. Not only has the lawyer been racially profiled by police when drugs were planted on him he has also been subjected to racial abuse at the hands of the client who attacked Billy Fletcher (played by Jay Kontzle). Therefore, he has become an incredibly important part of the ITV soap and away from the small screen, the actor is also trying to make a difference as a voice for the younger generation. There has been some confusion over Ethan's age in the past, with a storyline involving his estranged mother leading some viewers to think he was 20 years old. In a scene with Victoria Sugden (Isobel Hodgins), the character was seen looking at his birth certificate from 20 years ago. However, in his profession as a qualified lawyer, he needs to be trained for three to six years, meaning he is more likely to be 24 or 25-years-old. This is very similar to Emile's real age as the soap star turned 25-years-old last month as he celebrates his birthday on April 21. Due to his maturity and life experiences, it wouldn't be hard to mistake the actor's character for being someone in their late 20s, or early 30s. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan The actor most recently spoke about his age in an interview when discussing the casting of a black actor to be the new Doctor Who. Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa will take on the role from Jodie Whittaker in upcoming scenes and Emile addressed how this casting was not something he saw when he was younger. Emile explained: "I didn’t see a Black Doctor Who coming. I think it is just incredible. I texted my mate as soon as I heard and said ‘Can you believe it?’ "It’s on the same level – just as big as having a prospective black James Bond, it is that huge. Young people will see a black person as Doctor Who – as a hero. "Me and my mates used to be in the playground playing at being David Tennant – to have a generation of black people see a black Doctor is a gift. Representation matters.” Talking about his own character and how age is relevant, the 25-year-old said: "I’ve benefited from the progression that’s been made with regards to diverse TV casting. "Hiring people of colour should be just as normal as hiring anyone else. "And playing a young mild-mannered ambitious professional like my character Ethan is part of that," he told The Mirror. No matter what age you are, however, an individual can still be subjected to racial abuse, as viewers have seen in this week's episodes. Ethan was beaten to within an inch of his life earlier this week when he told racist Jordan (Jack Parr) he would not be representing him in the case of a racist attack against Billy. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] Not happy with being told he was a racist, Jordan made derogatory comments toward Ethan before launching an assault on him. The coming weeks and months will see Ethan hugely impacted by the abuse he was subjected to but he will have the support of his boyfriend, Marcus Dean (Darcey Grey) and father, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin). Emile said on Emmerdale highlighting racism in society: "I think it's really brave and also they're showing it in its most huge form. "Usually when we see series or dramas talk on the topic of racism, it's more covert racism and it's not really too harsh. "But here we see someone who is actually very overt with it. His [Jordan's] language is disgusting." Speaking on ITV's Lorraine earlier this week, Emile also spoke about his own, personal experiences of being subjected to racist abuse. The actor said: "At school, I had sly quips and digs with regards to being black. At the time people might think that’s funny, that’s a joke. "But since the Black Lives Matter movement, there’s more licence to call people out. "Whereas before, I might internalise certain digs or racial slurs that can lead to some self-deprecation or self-hatred, which isn't good for anyone. "Things probably haven't changed fully, but there is progress," he continued before stating some of the scenes in the show were "uncomfortable" to film. The soap star said: "Some of the lines and dialogue is kind of vile, and uncomfortable to hear, but it kind of fuelled my responses. "I probably wouldn't have had the kind of temperament that Ethan does - but Ethan deals with it in the only way he knows how to." It seems this is going to be an ongoing storyline for Emile and Ethan as racism will not end with Jordan's exit from the show. Emile won't be going anywhere in the near future, as it seems bosses have a lot in store for his character and his relationship with Marcus as well. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.