The BBC will be celebrating 25 years of Silent Witness when the crime series returns tonight at 9pm with a six-part story called History. The next instalment of the story will be airing tomorrow (May 24) and features a stellar cast which sees the return of a very familiar face. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the cast and where you may have seen them before. Emilia Fox will be reprising her role as lead Dr Nikki Alexander, who will be coming face to face with the woman she replaced at the Lyell. Fox is an actress and producer, who has stared in Hollywood movies as well as many TV shows with some of her biggest roles in The Pianist, Dorian Gray and The Trial of Christine Keeler. She has been part of Silent Witness since 2004 when former lead Amanda Burton departed the series as Sam Ryan. Fox said about joining the show and taking over from Burton: "When I took on the role, I was assured I would be playing a totally different character to Sam Ryan, not least because there was no way I could ever fill her shoes.” She added to the Radio Times how “thrilled” she was to welcome Burton back to the show. READ MORE: Silent Witness: Why did Liz Carr leave as Clarissa Mullery? Making her highly-awaited return to Silent Witness is Derry-born actress Amanda Burton in her iconic role as Sam Ryan. Burton was originally part of the forensic drama between 1996 and 2004 before departing to pursue other projects. She has starred in a myriad of shows and films including Waterloo Road, The Level, the television film series The Commander, and Midsomer Murders. More recently, the actress has starred in the ITV drama White House Farm, Marcella and Anne Boleyn. David Caves is coming back as David Caves after joining Silent Witness back in 2013. Silent Witness is Caves’ most well-known role but the actor has also featured in the Natalie Portman-led movie Jackie, Channel 5 family drama 15 Day and the film Ironclad: Battle for Blood. Back for another series is Genesis Lynea as Dr Simone Tyler, who will be getting stuck into a series of new cases. Prior to landing Silent Witness, Lynea appeared in Casualty, Sky’s A Discovery of Witches, Shadow and Bone, and The Baby. Veteran actor Hugh Quarshie is no stranger to screens with roles in the likes of Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace, Highlander and Red Sparrow. He is best known for his turn in Holby City as Ric Griffin and has also featured in Breeders, mini-series Stephen, Absentia, Doctor Who, and Vera, among many other credits. Matthew Gravelle plays Tom Faulkner and is perhaps best known for his parts in Broadchurch, Manhunt, Keeping Faith and Exile. Actor, writer and director Ian Puleston-Davies plays DSI Ronnie Boyle after starring in Tin Star, Pennyworth, Marcella, and most recently D.I. Ray. DON'T MISS...Silent Witness: Who is Clarissa's husband in Silent Witness? [ANALYSIS]Emilia Fox husband: Is Emilia Fox married? Who is Luc Chaudray? [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness: Why did Richard Lintern leave Silent Witness? [INSIGHT] Following on from roles in Vera, In The Dark, and Gold Digger, David Leon will be appearing in Silent Witness as Oscar Harris. Actress Gina Bramhill will be starring as the character Fiona Mashaba after starring in Us, Flatshare, Doctor, Frayed, and Kate & Koji. After starring in ITV’s remake of The Ipcress File, Shireen Farkhoy will be portraying DS Martine Chalal in Silent Witness. Her other roles have inlaced Doctors, Vera, and The A Word. Other cast members in Silent Witness include Lloyd Everitt as David Mashaba, Emma Beattie as Alice Reynolds, Gaia Wise as Jo Reynolds, and Diana Bermudez as Rosa Hernandez. Silent Witness airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm