According to Doctor William Li, signs of lupus can include "extreme fatigue, pain or swelling in the joints" in addition to "butterfly-shaped rashes on the face and hair loss". Doctor Li said: "Because lupus is a condition in which the immune system overacts and attacks the body, foods with an immune system-calming effect might help ease the symptoms." Calming foods that Doctor Li recommends include: broccoli, cherry tomatoes, oranges, and strawberries. As for a beneficial beverage, green tea tops the list for lupus patients. Lupus UK, a national charity, said: "Lupus is often triggered in people where there is family history of lupus and/or other immune system illnesses such as arthritis, MS and rheumatism." When treated in the earliest of stages, symptoms can improve, the NHS noted. The difficulty, however, is getting the diagnosis in the first place. READ MORE: Erectile dysfunction diet: Six dinner foods to lower your risk of impotence symptoms 1604362 Diagnosis can be difficult because lupus can be similar to other conditions. The symptoms of lupus: Inflammation may also affect the lungs, heart, liver, joints, and kidneys. There can be periods where symptoms flare-up for a few weeks at a time. DON'T MISSStatins: Three supplements that may worsen side effects [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares secret to longevity [TIPS]Fungal infections kill more people than breast cancer [INSIGHT] When symptoms settle down, this period is known as remission. For some people who have lupus, the severity of their symptoms might be constant. Treatment for lupus Anti-inflammatory medication is typically used to treat symptoms of lupus. Ibuprofen would be one example, which would likely be used in conjunction with hydroxychloroquine for fatigue and joint issues. Steroid tablets, injections and creams for kidney inflammation and rashes may also be utilised. "Two medicines, rituximab and belimumab, are sometimes used to treat severe lupus," the NHS added. "These work on the immune system to reduce the number of antibodies in the blood." Self-help To help manage the symptoms of lupus, in addition to medication, the NHS recommends a "healthy, balanced diet, including vitamin D and calcium". Sources of vitamin D include fortified foods, salmon, and tuna fish. As for dietary sources of calcium, this includes dairy products, such as milk. Feeling stressed out can make symptoms worse, so it's advisable to incorporate helpful stress management techniques into daily life. One such example could be exercising, but make sure to "pace yourself" and to "use high-factor (50+) sunscreen" when outside.