The Duke and Duchess of Sussex released a statement in 2019 saying they were working to become "financially independent" and would be taking a "step back" from the Royal Family. The couple said that they planned to split their time between North America and the UK. The Queen later announced after "many months of conversations and more recent discussions" Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would be stepping back completely from their roles as senior royals in spring 2020. After their exit from the Firm, they moved to America to carve out their own path and career. They now live in California with their two children Archie, two, and Lilibet, who turns one next month. Since moving stateside, the couple have only returned to British soil together once – when they visited the Queen at Windsor Castle last month. However, the pair have been tipped to make a return to the Royal Family in the future, as their departure was a "blow for the monarchy" according to royal author Tina Brown. The author of ‘The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil’, claims the Sussexes were a "modern royal couple" and that they hold a certain appeal to connect the monarchy to a "younger generation". Speaking about the relationship between the Royal Family and Harry and Meghan, Ms Brown said: "Well Harry and Meghan leaving was definitely a blow for the monarchy because they did represent a more modern – dare I use the word 'relatable' – modern, royal couple who could be deployed to connect more, essentially, with the younger generation. "So losing them was actually quite a blow." READ MORE: Queen's health 'more perilous' as Royal Family facing knife-edge She added: "And I think that there will be an effort to somehow reel them back in at a certain point – not for a bit, but I think my guess is that they will want to come back actually." The royal author, who previously served as editor for Vanity Fair, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Harry could return to service when the Queen dies. She said: "I think when the Queen does die, I do believe there'll be a kind of desire for Harry to serve his country. "I think he's going to want to rethink it, probably. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle slammed as 'worst of Woke-flix' [INSIGHT] Harry warned Queen 'needs protecting' from his royal 'hand grenades' [REVEAL] Prince Charles tasked with 'sensitive trip' to Canada [REPORT] "And frankly I don't think the entertainment efforts are going that brilliantly, you know, sitting in Montecito." Ms Brown’s comments could allude to the multi-year deal the couple signed with Netflix back in September 2020. The pair announced two projects in the works for the streaming giant, including a docuseries following competitors in the Invictus Games, a sporting competition launched by Harry in 2014 for military servicemen and women. The second project, an animated TV series called Pearl, was revealed to be axed by Netflix as part of its cutbacks after a drop in subscribers. Meghan had teamed up with Sir Elton John's husband David Furnish to executive produce the show which focused on a "12-year-old heroine who finds inspiration in influential women from history". It was due to be released as part of the couple’s lucrative deal with the US streaming giant, worth in excess of $100m (£72m). However, Netflix confirmed on Sunday that the animated series is no longer in production. After quitting the Firm, the pair also added an estimated £18million collaboration with Spotify to their roster. So far the couple has only released a holiday special programme for the platform, which saw celebrity guests including James Corden feature. They’ve also announced a second project entitled Archetypes which is currently being produced. The podcast is hosted by Meghan who will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast.