Barcelona President Joan Laporta is seemingly at odds with Xavi over the issue of Frenkie de Jong's future in Catalonia. Manchester United and Manchester City are among the clubs believed to be keeping tabs on the Dutchman, and he is set to be in high demand if put in the shop window this summer. With Barca still strapped for cash, De Jong has reportedly been pinpointed as a player that the club would be willing to let go. The 25-year-old is a big name on the European stage, and carries with him an impressive pedigree having burst onto the scene as a youngster with Ajax. Heavy links to Man Utd are therefore unsurprising as former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag prepares to take the reins at Old Trafford. City are also believed to be interested, with Pep Guardiola keen to bring in midfield bodies as both Fernandinho and Ilkay Gundogan look to be on their way out. It is still unclear as to whether De Jong will be sold on or not. In a recent interview with Radio Catalunya, Laporta appeared to leave the door ajar before slamming it again. JUST IN: Chelsea left Barcelona-bound Andreas Christensen fuming as details of 'final offer' emerge "We will do what is best for the club," he explained. "If the economic levers that we want to activate come out, no player will leave for economic reasons." Xavi, meanwhile, has repeatedly discussed the importance of economic factors this summer and De Jong could be key to raising the necessary funds to press on. It seems as though the President and the manager are trying to pass the responsibility of De Jong's future onto each other. AS claim that Xavi privately harbours doubts about the Dutchman, and would be keen to offload him before signing Valencia's Carlos Soler as a replacement. DON'T MISS: Martin Tyler delights fans with claim Liverpool may need 'F1 race director' to seal title With an apparent lack of consensus on De Jong as the summer window edges closer, the flames of transfer speculation show no signs of dying down. Reports indicate that the Catalan side could pocket £58.5million by selling the metronomic midfielder, and parting ways with the former Ajax youngster is, by many, seen as preferable to ditching one of the club's exciting homegrown stars. All the while, interested parties are waiting to pounce should an opportunity come about. United's interest is believed to be genuine with the likes of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic both expected to leave in a few weeks' time, but the absence of Champions League football next season could ultimately prevent the deal going through.  A spot in Europe's top-tier competition is believed to be a high priority for De Jong should he have to leave the Camp Nou, which could give the upper hand to City or Paris Saint-Germain. Barca are also exploring a deal for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski, who is reportedly keen to crown off his career by taking on a new challenge away from the Bundesliga. The Pole is on course to finish his third consecutive season having scored at a rate of more than one goal per game. 