The Prime Minister today refused to apologise for the mass gatherings in Downing Street during lockdown after the Metropolitan Police announced their investigation into the events had resulted in a total of 126 fines. Appearing in public for the first time since the Metropolitan Police concluded its investigation into the events, Mr Johnson did not directly respond when asked if he would say sorry to the public for the behaviour of himself and his workers.   According to the report by Sky News, the pair discussed where Ms Gray believed the Metropolitan Police were with the inquiry, and Whitehall's understanding of where the police were on interviews. Labour Party deputy Angela Rayner slammed Mr Johnson and demanded an explanation behind the meeting. She tweeted: “The PM must explain why he held a secret meeting with Sue Gray to discuss her report despite claiming her investigation was completely independent. “The report must be published in full - with all accompanying evidence.“The public deserve the truth.”=[   The news report stated that the details of the meeting are yet to be disclosed. The report claimed: “The Prime Minister is saying he wants to disclose the maximum available information now to get the issue out of the way so would not have pressured her to drop the report.” Multiple sources told Sky News that the pair would not have discussed the judgements that senior civil servant Ms Gray was preparing to come to in the report. A Number 10 spokesperson said: “The prime minister commissioned the investigation led by Sue Gray and has been clear throughout that it should be completely independent.  READ MORE: Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing'   “As he reiterated again today, the decision on what and when to publish rests entirely with the investigation team and he will respond in Parliament once it concludes.” The meeting is understood to have taken place on a date before the Commons voted to refer Mr Johnson to the privileges committee which happened on April 21. On Thursday, the Metropolitan Police confirmed they had ended their investigation into lockdown-breaking parties in Downing Street and Whitehall, and had given out 126 fines for 83 people. The £460,000 investigation into the partygate scandal, which has lasted nearly four months, has already resulted in fines for the PM, his wife Carrie Johnson, and Chancellor Rishi Sunak over a birthday gathering for the prime minister. DON'T MISS: Labor's lead over ScoMo narrows as Aussie's head to the pollsPrince Charles snapped on snowmobile Ann Widdecombe blasts Nicola Sturgeon