Dame Joan Collins, 88, had been out sightseeing during a trip to Paris with her husband Percy Gibson, 57. The Dynasty actress filmed herself standing on the streets of Paris outside the famed Place Vendome which is a monument to the glory of the armies of Louis XIV. Joan delivered commentary during the video before a motorbike could be heard revving its engine before it came into view, in a clip uploaded to the picture-sharing site. She began: "Hello welcome to Paris and the Place Vendome and there she is there for about four hundred years." Joan abruptly stopped speaking as the bike circled onto the pavement and headed towards the actress. Following the incident, the actress shared her disbelief at almost being knocked over by the motor scooter but was fortunately left unscathed. READ MORE: Piers Morgan talks reconciling with Meghan - 'Ripped Prince away' She said: "I can't believe that motorcycle almost knocked me over. I had to jump out of the way." The veteran star took to Instagram and shared the video clip in view of her 275,000 Instagram followers. Joan captioned the post: "Near #deathinparis by #scooter." Fans flocked to the comment section as social media users inundated the star with messages of support.  Rene Horsch commented: "Omg!… thank god you’re ok… I can’t believe that happened to you!… Well, you didn’t miss a beat, and the video of you and Percy looks great! Cheers to you both!!!" Alexis Carrington Colby echoed: "How rude but you both look fabulous! I wish you both a wonderful time there and watch out for the scooter drivers!" Joan Collins fans remarked: "Some people have no respect for others. Glad you're not injured." Beaumont Emily added: "Oh Joan. Be careful!" DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen stuns fans with rare pic of daughter[LATEST]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife[INSIGHT]Katya Jones' ex Neil apologises as he addresses relationship rumours[STRICTLY] Joan looked chic in the video as she sported a black and white top teamed with a pair of cream trousers and a wide-brimmed sun hat. The ageless beauty's signature brunette tresses were tied back into a ponytail and she covered her eyes with a pair of sunglasses. Her husband looked equally dapper in a white shirt which he teamed with beige trousers. The couple enjoyed some downtime as they toured the streets of Paris. Meanwhile, Joan recently gushed over Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee Celebrations which will be held next month. She penned: "An #honor to have been part of the #queens #jubilee #celebration on @itv and will be on @gmb later!" The Dynasty actress was a part of a candid television broadcast dedicated to Her Majesty which aired Sunday on ITV. Fans flocked to comment on the post, as Debra gushed: "What a spectacular show!!! The Queen was so touched. When her horse was paraded past her, she nudged the person next to her and said 'that's mine'! with a huge grin on her face. She is just too sweet!!! So good to see her smile. Well done everyone." Marion Coffman remarked: "Wonderful, and really good to see the Queen enjoyed it so much."