Norway has already turned a few heads with their 2022 Eurovision Song Contest Entry. The singing duo, known as Subwoolfer, took to the stage in the semi-final wearing banana yellow wolf masks to match the theme of their song 'Give That Wolf A Banana'. Subwoolfer is set to take to the stage in Turin, Italy, tonight for the final of Eurovision. The singing duo formed in 2021, and are known for their onstage aesthetic. Subwoolfer typically perform in black suits, yellow wolf-head masks, yellow gloves and a pair of dark sunglasses. They complete the look with a bright yellow tie. The banana yellow colour scheme is apt for their song, which focuses on feeding a wolf a banana. They also often appear with backup dancers dressed in yellow morph suits, black trousers, bowties and black sunglasses. Subwoofer's singers go by the pseudonyms Keith and Jim, but their real identities remain a mystery to the public. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Ellie Warner's boyfriend makes surprise cameo after crash The duo's desired anonymity has led to some speculation on social media about who they might be. Among the names thrown around are the Ylvis brothers, Gaute Ormåsen, Ben Adams, and Erik & Kriss, but none of these have been confirmed. They have a backing musician who goes by the name DJ Astronaut. A fictional story about the band's origins has been published, stating they began their career "4.5 billion years ago on the Moon" and claiming to be the "most successful band in our galaxy". After being picked to represent Norway in Eurovision, Give That Wolf A Banana has been streamed at least eight million times on Spotify. In 2022, the duo received a Melodi Grand Prix 2022, part of a Norwegian music competition. DON'T MISSThe historical reason why Portugal set to win Eurovision 2022 [INSIGHT]Eurovision winner: What science says about predicting a winner [REVEALED]Sweden Eurovision 2022 song lyrics: Meaning behind Hold Me Closer [EXPLAINER] Give That Wolf a Banana is a single released by the duo which reached number four in the Norwegian charts. The song will represent Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin, Italy. The lyrics include: "And before that wolf eats my grandma "Give that wolf a banana." Norway has claimed victory at the Eurovision Song Contest three times. The nation has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 60 times since making its debut in 1960 and has only been absent twice since then. Norway's three victories in the contest were achieved by Bobbysocks in 1985, Secret Garden in 1995 and Alexander Rybak in 2009. Norway also finished second at the 1996 contest, with former Bobbysocks member Elisabeth Andreassen. Norway has finished last in 11 Eurovision finals, having received "null points" four times.