Its strong energy trade links to Russia have seen the country reluctant to agree on a full embargo on oil and gas imports, despite pressure from other EU nations. On Wednesday (May 19), Berlin announced plans to work out alternative sources of energy and cut ties with Putin, as part of the sanctions to condemn the invasion of Ukraine. As it was announced, the plans include funding and incentives to promote more energy-efficient standards in heating and building. Moreover, the country intends to get rid of subsidies for gas heating and construction projects that do not meet the new Efficiency House 40 standard. This will be achieved by renovating buildings with the lowest energy performance, as well as by rolling out solar roofs to quickly ramp up renewable power generation. In an article in The Times today, journalist Oliver Moddy blasted the country for displaying a pretentious concern over common interests, disguising its own interests in energy. He connected this tactic to “suppressed” patriotic feelings of the German citizens, which have their routes all the way back to the shame over the crimes of Nazi Germany. In fact, Mr Moddy claims that Germany “will never be a wholly normal country” because of its Nazi past but he says that the country should, however, “act like one”. Among others, the journalist suggests that the country is hesitant on providing military equipment to support Ukraine, because it “fears this would make them vulnerable to direct Russian attack”. Headlined “Repressed Germans are in knots over Ukraine”, the article claims that the German Chancellor, Olaf Scholz, fails to honestly admit his country’s interests. According to Mr Moddy, this leaves Berlin open to “charges of hypocrisy”. The journalist said: “There are two underlying problems that can to a certain extent be fixed. “The first is that Germany is not good at frankly formulating its national interests, which often get blurred into high moral principles or arguments about Europe as a whole.” He claims that the country is facing backlash from allies due to a “cynical and sanctimonious” refusal to cut ties with Russia. Although, he says, objections to the embargo on Russian oil imports “vanished” as soon as Berlin found alternative ways to cover its energy needs. The journalist argues that Berlin’s national interests in diplomacy are often dressed up in spurious-sounding concern for the welfare of others. The second issue, according to Moody, is Germany’s suppressed patriotism. He says: “You can hardly define your national interests if you struggle to admit they are legitimate”. And he goes on to suggest that Mr Scholz “feels he can’t be seen explicitly to argue Germany’s corner without being decried as a small-minded nationalist”