  Match of the Day host Gary Lineker, 61, has been forced to speak out after rumours started circulating on social media that James Corden was gunning for his job. James, 43, recently shocked his fans by announcing he was quitting his role as host of The Late Late Show in the USA after eight years.      Gary took to social media to clear up rumours regarding his future on Match of the Day. The ex-footballer has been hosting the popular football review show since the late '90s and is a staple of British sports coverage. However, some fans believe the star’s role might be under threat from James after he announced his departure from The Late Late Show, as he is now set to return to Blighty. There has been plenty of speculation on social media, which has finally prompted Gary to address the rumours. READ MORE: Johnny Depp's ex-fiancé Jennifer Grey 'heartbroken' over trial     Taking to Twitter yesterday, he told his 8.4 million followers the truth about his future on the show. “Getting a number of texts from friends asking if I’m quitting @BBCMOTD after reports on Twitter of my possible successor,” he wrote. "So it’s only fair I give you the bad news now: I’m afraid I still have 3 years to run on my contract, so you’re stuck with me for a while." His followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on the rumours.      Guile O’Teen wrote: “It’s hard to imagine never watching MOTD ever again, but James Corden hosting would definitely make that happen.” Bobin Hood commented: “You have your faults, but you’re not James Corden… And that’s good enough for me.” “Well thank God for that Gary!” Anne Berg penned, “I think the other guy is more suited to American audiences!” Rapper AJ Tracey added: “30 more years hopefully.” READ MORE... Donny Osmond says Michael Jackson 'left him in the dust' [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden spills on 'primal' sex life with husband Chris Hughes [NEWS] Cristiano Ronaldo announces daughter's name amid devastating loss [NEWS]      “If it’s Corden who they’re lining up to replace you, could you stay for another 50?” asked Kristian Sturt. While Kevin Palmer joked: “But carpool karaoke is being added to Match of the Day next season right?” James reportedly turned down a £40 million multi-year deal to remain as host of the Late Late Show, which he has hosted in the USA since 2015. A source told the Daily Mail that the deal wasn’t enough to sway him from wanting to spend more time with his family and move back to the UK.      They said: "He could have gone down the cash route with Gavin and Stacey, taken the cheque and written it forever, but he chose not to. This is the same.” Another source told the publication: "James wants to write, make films and he loves the theatre. "He is only in his early forties. There is a lot more out there." Express.co.uk have contacted James for further comment.   