The former This Morning star recently talked to chef James Martin on his ITV show, James Martin's Saturday Morning. As they talked about their careers and the various paths they have led them down, Ruth Langsford talked about the surprise of landing a role at QVC and confessed she "didn't see it coming". "One thing that makes you feel comfortable is, tell us about this QVC thing you've been working on," James, 49, stated. He added: "Because you've been doing this for quite a while now and it's gone from strength to strength." "I have, yes," Ruth replied and James went on: "It's a big hit that you've got." "Thank you. It is a big hit," the 62-year-old agreed. "I always feel like I'm showing off when I say that, but it really has been." READ MORE: The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional James continued: "Well it is, I mean out of everything you've done, it's one of those jobs - I find this is one of those things that everything I've ever learned has come together for this moment. "Because I've spent 30 years doing this, 40 odd years of cooking, you're cooking without thinking about it and interviewing somebody, people find it quite difficult, but when you do QVC that's another step up." Ruth explained: "When something is a completely different thing to everything I've done before... I didn't see it coming. "I'm delighted it did, I did not see it coming, I didn't go looking for it. "So QVC approached me, and I was like, 'Wow, yeah, course I'll go and talk to them,' and it's gone from there." She added: "You say about fashion, I know I liked clothes, I know I liked to try and look stylish. "But when you say about, 'maybe this moment was coming,' when I look back, one of the things I was good at at school was needlework." In 2017, the broadcaster started presenting Ruth Langsford's Fashion Edit alongside Jackie Kabler. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Jean Slater becomes killer in hospital plot [THEORY]Phil Spencer explains appeal of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]BGT judges sent into panic as risky ice act results in injury [VIDEO] Ruth was most recognisable for co-presenting ITV's This Morning with husband Eamonn Holmes. The two hosted the popular daytime show for 15 years, but Eamonn confirmed in December he'd be joining famously "anti-woke" news channel GB News. In a new interview last year, Eamonn confessed that while he accepted he had been let go from the ITV show, he was confused as to why he allegedly received no explanation. The 62-year-old said: “I don’t have any issues with that at all. “I just have issues with why they can’t tell you your time is up." Speaking to The Times, he added: "Just have a conversation, any conversation. I was given no reason why I was blocked." The duo began co-hosting This Morning in 2006. Prior to this, Ruth had already been part of the ITV show’s on-air team since 1999. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs weekly on ITV from 9.25am, while This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.