Richard Hammond, 52, has said that he has replaced his flashy car collection with a pick-up truck. The car enthusiast admitted he would rather travel around in a Land Rover instead of the cars he has driven on TV. The former Top Gear presenter said he fears he is having a midlife crisis due to the big change. However, he explained the crisis was somewhat in reverse, as instead of buying sports cars, he had sold them. Despite that, he is still a car enthusiast, and runs a restoration business, The Smallest Cog.  He also revealed he prefers to build things as he reaches middle age. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain The star said last week: “Am I having a midlife crisis? “The archetypal, stereotypical thing is buying a sports car and I've got rid of most of mine.” The mechanic explained that his midlife crisis is more likely to involve taking a car apart. He added to the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine: “My midlife crisis is more likely to involve dismantling the red sports car and rebuilding it.” Richard went on to say that he no longer takes unnecessary risks during filming. In the past, the host would perform daredevil stunts with Top Gear co-stars Jeremy Clarkson and James May. During 2006’s season, the host sustained serious injuries and was placed in a coma following a crash.  It was the result of crashing a jet-powered Vampire at more than 300 mph. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The car flipped when one of the front tyres failed. After having to be cut from the vehicle, Richard was rushed to hospital and was lucky to survive the accident. As a result of the damage sustained, the father-of-two would later reveal that he experienced depression, paranoia and memory loss. Nearly ten years later, during The Grand Tour filming, he had another brush with death, after his Rimac concept one supercar crashed and burst into flames down a Swiss mountainside. He opened up about how he no longer wishes to perform such stunts due to his wife Mindy, 56, and daughters Izzy, 21 and Willow, 18. Speaking to The Mirror last week, he said: “I don't want to risk taking myself out of their lives because we all have a lot of fun together. “I wouldn't want not to be there to fulfil that role.” It was reported last year that Richard was selling his collection of classic vehicles for hundreds of thousands of pounds to fund his TV show, The Smallest Cog.