Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling is in no rush to decide where his future lies as summer transfer speculation intensifies but he has made his stance clear on Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. The north London clubs are two sides linked with the 27-year-old ahead of crunch talks with Man City at the end of the season. However, according to The Athletic, Sterling has expressed 'no desire' to join Arsenal, and sources close to his situation have also denied suggestions that Tottenham are frontrunners for him. His view of Antonio Conte 'doesn't surpass professional respect', which may all but end their hopes of securing his services. If Sterling leaves Man City this summer, he expects to join one of Europe's most decorated clubs after flourishing into an elite winger under Pep Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium. But as he enters the final 12 months of his City contract, he has a 'strong' commitment to the club, and an extension is plausible. The England international's future will likely depend on where he fits in Guardiola's plans, especially after last summer's £100million deal for Jack Grealish and the recent capture of Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland. He is understood to be unlikely to remain at the club if he believes he won't be a certain starter in the biggest games. JUST IN: Man Utd dealt Nunez transfer blow as PSG open with big-money bid The report adds that Sterling's current focus is entirely on City's heated Premier League title battle with his former club Liverpool. If Guardiola's side collect four points from their final two games, Sterling will lift his fourth league title since joining from Anfield in 2015. And he could deem that as a perfect end to a silverware-laden stint in east Manchester; it would be his 10th trophy in seven seasons. But no decision will be made until after England's four Nations League fixtures from June 4 to June 14. READ MORE: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah Sterling recorded his 23rd and 24th goal contributions in his 46th appearance in all competitions this season against Wolves on Wednesday. His goal and assist helped the Citizens to a dominant 5-1 win at Molineux to re-open the gap on Liverpool to three points. He has registered 17 goals and seven assists this term while jostling for a position in the team with Phil Foden, Riyad Mahrez, Bernardo Silva, Gabriel Jesus, Kevin De Bruyne and Jesus. And if he decides to leave this summer, he could present a significant cut-price coup for his suitors, given his contract situation. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here