Silent Witness returns to BBC One tonight, May 30, with the third episode of season 25. The upcoming instalment marks the halfway point in the TV series and Simone Tyler (played by Genesis Lynea) is reunited with a detective from her past. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is joining the cast for the upcoming episode. Florence Clarke stars in the upcoming episode and she is played by Christine Bottomley. Christine is a 43-year-old English actress known for her roles in The Arbor, My Boy and Solitary. She graduated from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in 2001 and one of her first roles was in an episode of EastEnders. She went on to star in episodes of Torchwood, Massive and Land Girls. Her latest credits include Back to Life, The Nest and Domina.  Another member of the Clarke family is Richard and he is played by Adam Clayton-Smith. The screenwriter and actor enjoys photography, and he is the co-founder of Think Louder, an online learning company. He is also a father and enjoys capturing special family moments on his camera. His TV credits include Doctors, Living It, I'm Karen Taylor and Interns. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Ellie Clarke is played by Ella Schrey-Yeats, an actress who made her TV debut as Paola in His Dark Materials. The actress is also a lover of dance and Kung-Fu and has kept fans up to date with her hobbies on Instagram.  Mia is played by Laura Marcus, an actress who studied at The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama. She has experience in theatre and music and has worked on the series Laugh Lessons. Sutara Gayle is a British-Jamaican actress and singer, who is known for her roles in Run Fatboy Run and The Dark Knight. The star is also a fan of music and has won awards as a lovers rock reggae singer. She has previously starred in Ghosts, Anthony, Small Axe and The Duchess. She played Gloria in Silent Witness back in 2021, featuring in a few episodes. The star has made a comeback for the new series.  Darryl Simmonds is played by Simon Lipkin a 36-year-old actor known for his roles in musical theatre. The West End star also has a number of TV credits including Doctor Who and The Amazing World of Gumball. Fans may also recognise him from The Beaker Girls, which has been airing on CBBC. His theatre highlights include Avenue Q and Rock of Ages. DON'T MISS... Silent Witness' Jack Hodgson star admits fears over helicopter stunt [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in Silent Witness series 25? [EXPLAINER] Silent Witness blunder: Fans spot error in autopsy scene [DISCUSSION] Hugh is played by Paul Thornley, a British actor who is known for his stage productions. In 2016, he played Ron Weasley in the Original London Cast of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. His other credits include The Mercy, Grimsby and London Road.  Nadia Albina is an actress known for her roles in Beautiful People, Doctors and Whites. Viewers may also recognise her as Eva from Marcella or Jenny from Innocent. Duncan Preston plays DI Johnny Campbell in the upcoming episode and he is a 75-year-old English actor. He is known for his work with television writer Victoria Wood and has starred in Acorn Antiques. His other credits include EastEnders, Surgical Spirit and Emmerdale. The Shakespearean actor has worked alongside huge names like Ian McKellen and Judi Dench.  Lainy Boyle has a guest role in the latest episode and she is known for her roles in Trollied, EastEnders and England's Forgotten Queen: The Life and Death of Lady Jane Grey. She is also a mother and wife to actor Nigel Boyle, who played Buckells in Line of Duty.  Silent Witness continues tonight on BBC One at 9pm.