The Monegasque royal took to her Instagram account to share an adorable picture in which she can be seen cuddling her seven-year-old daughter, who is sitting on her lap. Both Charlene and Gabriella donned fashionable outfits ahead of their appearance at the Montecarlo Fashion Week. The royals smiled and looked straight into the camera while on a comfortable-looking white sofa. The photograph was accompanied by a poignant caption, which made clear just how important this moment was for Charlene and Gabriella. Prince Albert's wife wrote: "I loved every moment preparing my Princess for her first official event. "We’re looking forward to a great evening at the fashion awards." The post was hailed by many royal fans, happy to see Charlene once again active on social media after a months-long break, taken while the princess was undertaking treatment at a facility outside of Monaco. One royal fan, rotesposito, wrote: "Finally Princess Charlene is back." Another Instagram user, khamana18, commented on the post saying: "You both look splendid!" Similarly, vhquality67 wrote: "Oh how proud you must be!! And may I say, love love love your hair too!!! Much love from a little part of the UK xxx" READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' And locarolfuddy added: "You and your daughter are looking gorgeous." Mother and daughter appeared together at an event during the principality's fashion week, of which Princess Charlene is the patron. Little Gabriella and her twin brother Prince Jacques have made several public appearances over the past months as they are being slowly introduced to royal duties. However, the outing at the fashion event marked the first-ever engagement Gabriella and Charlene carried out together. While at the event, Charlene spoke with the French newspaper Nice Matin about her return to duties after experiencing health woes as well as being at the fashion awards with Gabriella. Speaking about the outing with her daughter, Princess Charlene said: "Gabriella, like all little girls her age, loves princess dresses, doing her hair and even trying on my lipsticks. "Gabriella has her own style and I like to encourage that individuality. "The mother/daughter fashion outing for the Montecarlo Fashion Awards delighted me and for the first time we went on stage together. "She wasn't nervous at all, rather amused and she could have even put on a show on stage!" Princess Charlene was far from the public eye for several months after she remained stuck in South Africa with a severe ENT infection in May last year. The princess, who had travelled to the nation to carry out conservation work with her foundation for less than a fortnight, was given the go-ahead by her doctors to finally get on a flight back to Monaco only in November. Despite her return to the principality, Charlene did not immediately resume her royal duties. A few days after her trip back to Monaco, Prince Albert announced his wife had decided to be admitted to a facility outside of Monaco to be treated for the "exhaustion, both emotional and physical" she was experiencing. Charlene left the clinic in mid-March and a few weeks later joined Prince Albert and their children at the Monaco E-Prix. In early May, Charlene co-hosted with Albert, Gabriella and Jacques the Sainte Dévote Rugby Tournament.