Kate told Rip Off Britain presenter Gloria Hunniford that alarm bells started to ring when she was shopping for Christmas presents last December and her card was declined. When she checked her account she saw EE had taken a staggering £1,3000 - nearly 50 times what she would usually pay. The mum from Immingham in Lincolnshire appeared on Rip Off Britain earlier today after receiving the shock bill of £1,300 from EE. Kate had previously purchased a EE portable wifi dongle so her children could connect to the internet from their family campervan while away from home. She told the show: “I was actually ordering Christmas presents and my card got declined." “I thought that was really strange so I looked at my account and I had a £1,300 bill come out from EE." READ MORE: Thousands of carers will get £245 on top of usual benefits next month She continued: “I thought, ‘how on earth could that happen?’” Kate's bill is usually around £33 so she went to the storage unit where the campervan was to check on the wifi unit, but it had disappeared. She added: “It must have been stolen - that’s the only explanation that there could be. “I was very, very disappointed to find that someone had done this." DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] “It was heartbreaking to be honest," Kate added. EE explained that wherever the dongle now was someone had been using a lot of internet on, going way above her monthly data allowance. However, because she didn’t report it within the first 24 hours of it being stolen, they refused to give her the money back. Kate said: “I was outraged and shocked, I thought as a victim of crime they would have been more understanding." A complaint to the Ombudsman service found in EE’s favour concluding that it was Kate’s responsibility to monitor her bills. The programme spoke to EE which said it was very sorry to hear about her situation. However, it added the Ombudsman had ruled it was within its rights to maintain charges as it was the customer’s responsibility to look after their device and report it stolen. An EE spokesperson said: “We’re very sorry to hear about what happened to Mrs Hales and that her device was stolen."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They continued: "We have reviewed her complaint thoroughly and as a gesture of goodwill have made an offer to halve her total bill under the circumstances.” The show’s Consumer Rights Expert Martyn James said EE should have helped more. He told the programme: “It is very clear her usage of the dongle has increased dramatically from her usual monthly fee to well over £1,000. “That is an extraordinary amount of consumption and should have flagged up warnings.” Rip Off Britain continues weekdays at 9.15am on BBC One. 