A group of strangers decided to team up to move a car blocking trams from going past. The car owner chose to park their vehicle almost in the middle of an active tram line in the centre of Sheffield.  However, the residents of Sheffield were not going to just watch. Instead, they decided to spring into action and pick the car up. A video posted by Sheffield Online showed a group of men approaching the car before lifting it up and slowly shuffling over to one side. Before the car was moved, the tram driver attempted to notify the owner of the vehicle with a blasting horn. READ MORE: British drivers slam the idea that elderly drivers are dangerous Unfortunately, the driver was nowhere to be found. The group, which consisted of seven men, was being cheered on by other bystanders who watched from the sidelines. And in the end, the little red Fiesta was no match for the lifting men despite having its hand-break on. The car was eventually moved off the tracks and the tram was able to drive past. DON'T MISS Major new driving laws to be introduced in June will target motorists [URGENT] Further Highway Code rule changes expected after rise in road deaths [REVEAL] 'Long-term' production threats may see drivers waiting years for EVs [INSIGHT] Several people have taken to social media to express their views of the situation. Writing underneath Sheffield Online’s post on Facebook, Tracey Storey commented: “Nice one. “Good to see something good happen in Sheffield. “Plonker of a driver!” Char Myers-Abdulazeez added: “Who says there's no community spirit!! Well done lads!!” Another user named Eileen Maher said: “Well done everyone. Hope the driver got a huge parking ticket!!” Naomi Evans agreed saying: “Well done lads. That car driver needs to retake their test and learn how to park properly!” Others pointed out that it makes for a nice change to see people coming together to help. Pam Hanson said: “Very well done lads, nice community spirit, need more like you in this city.” Teresa Holland added: “Nice to see some kind people help others. Makes a change from fighting.” Peter Carradice joked: “I hope they get free tram travel for life.” It is not known who the driver was and whether they received a fine for their parking.