Russian threats to unleash nuclear warfare during the invasion of Ukraine ramped up a notch this week as Britain and Ireland were shown being destroyed in a simulation on Russian state TV. During a broadcast of ‘News of the World’, presenter Dmitry Kiselyov said: “Just one launch, Boris, and England is gone.” The propagandist’s nuclear sabre-rattling echoes that by Russian President Vladimir Putin during his 10-week war in Ukraine. On Thursday, she was quizzed by Anne McElvoy on ‘The Economist Asks’ podcast about the risk of Putin pressing the nuclear button. Ms Gottemoeller was asked if the world is on the brink of nuclear war. She replied: “My answer is no. “I think there will be everything done – not only in Washington but in capitals across the world – to prevent that from happening. “Let us not forget the influence of the Chinese here. “There has been a delicate balancing act ‒ Xi Jinping does not want to completely alienate his pal, Vladimir Putin.” She added: “But I do think that capitals across the world, including Beijing, are doing everything they can to push back against the notion of nuclear escalation.” Xi’s role in putting pressure on Putin is deemed incredibly important by experts. The two leaders have an incredibly close friendship and, in a joint statement before the Olympics began earlier this year, declared that a “no limits” friendship exists between their two nations. However, several months on, the relationship of the two superpowers has been put under strain by Russia’s unprovoked military assault on Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Priti Patel migration plan 'set for remarkable results' - new study lays bare huge impact [LATEST]Brexit Britain’s ‘historic role’ in battling Putin hailed as UK leads from the front [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Has EU exit helped in fight against Putin and to support Ukraine? [ANALYSIS] Signs of disagreement between Moscow and Beijing have emerged during the invasion. China’s Ambassador to the US, Qin Gang, told state-backed broadcaster Phoenix TV in March that the Chinese-Russian relationship did have limits. He said: “China and Russia’s cooperation has no forbidden areas, but it has a bottom line. “That line is the tenets and principles of the United Nations Charter, the recognised basic norms of international law and international relations.” In March, China’s Premier Li Keqiang described the situation in Ukraine as “grave” but stopped short of criticising Russia. He told a news conference: “We support and encourage all efforts that are conducive to a peaceful settlement of the crisis. “The pressing task now is to prevent tension from escalating or even getting out of control.” To subscribe to ‘The Economist Asks’ go to your normal podcast provider.