Alexander Dreymon and hopefully several others will be returning in the upcoming Netflix Original film Seven Kings Must Die, a special, feature-length instalment of The Last Kingdom to cap off the story of Uhtred of Bebbanburg. Unfortunately, his long-running co-star Eliza Butterworth has revealed she won’t be coming back as Aelswith in the final outing for the series. Despite rumours to the contrary, Eliza has confirmed Aelswith will not be returning in the highly anticipated The Last Kingdom film, Seven Kings Must Die. The two-hour special is set for release next year and finished filming in March 2022. Although it was reported a number of familiar faces would be joining Alexander’s final battle, Uhtred is currently the only character who has officially been confirmed to return. Despite being listed among the cast, Eliza has finally set the record straight as she discussed her experience filming the series’ fifth and final season last year. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role “I have to say, I have had a conflict of scheduling,” she admitted. “So, I was meant to be in the film and it gutted me because I got another job which is the one I’m currently on now.” Aelswith’s longevity in the series has come as a surprise for some fans, especially after her recovery from being poisoned at the end of season four. She has since become one of their favourite parts of The Last Kingdom and was long-assumed to make at least a brief appearance in the one-off special. Although Eliza was originally expected to return by the show’s producers, her next acting gig’s location issues have sadly made this impossible. Eliza explained: “I’m working on Tenerife and that was the scheduling conflict. So I am unfortunately not in the film.” The actress is currently working on a new series for Sky Studios called A Town Called Malice starring Jason Flemyng and Dougray Scott. The eight-part drama features a group of petty thieves from South London who relocate to Spain. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return [SPOILERS]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [INTERVIEW] While it didn’t take long for the actress to start booking new roles outside of the medieval drama, she still tried her hardest to find a way to return to the role which launched her career to international success. “We tried everything, it was so hard,” she told The Screen Chronicles podcast. “I know they tried everything to get scheduling to work but, again, due to Covid and flying… the film of The Last Kingdom takes place in Budapest. “And where I currently am now in Tenerife, they were just so worried about things happening.” The Last Kingdom certainly hasn’t been the only series affected by the pandemic, but fans can at least rest easy knowing there won’t be one final twist of fate for Aelswith after surviving the last five seasons. “But I do think Aelswith went out with a bang,” Eliza continued. “I couldn’t be more pleased with her crazy character conclusion. “You’ve got to imagine… she is in the film, but she’s just chilling! She doesn’t need to be in the action anymore. “She’s killed a guy, she’s done her dues. She’s just killing it, looking at her sea views.” Now the film is in post-production, Express.co.uk will be keeping fans updated with further news regarding the cast, plot details and release dates. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.