Mr Miliband sat down to talk to journalist Sophie Raworth to discuss the Labour party Beergate scandal. Mr Miliband claimed Sir Keir had great integrity despite accusations of lockdown rule breaks. Mr Miliband was previously elected head of the Labour party in 2010. The British politician erupted when asked by Ms Raworth if he would try again to become the leader of the Labour party if Sir Keir stepped down in the future. Mr Miliband told the BBC: "Look it's who Keir is someone of great decency. "Great integrity, you know he looked at the issue when the police investigation was reopened. "And he said well obviously if I get a fixed penalty notice, I'll go." Ms Raworth said: "If he goes, would you have another go?"  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike Mr Miliband added: "Don't be ridiculous, no! He's not going, he followed the rules. "And you know you said at the beginning, Sophie... That is a mixed set of results. "Actually Keir has brought us back from a terrible defeat in 2019, we made gains across the country. "Not just Westminister and Wandsworth but Rosendale and Cumberland, right across Britains South Hampton. READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship' Mr Miliband added: "Now where are we at, you know, we're at a staging post we've shown that we've changed from 2019. Sir Keir slammed Prime Minister Boris Johnson for breaking lockdown rules, encouraging Mr Johnson to resign and step down from No.10. The leader of the Labour party has now vowed to quit if the Durham police issue him with a fine and find him guilty. A spokesman for Durham Constabulary said: "Earlier this year, Durham Constabulary carried out an assessment as to whether COVID-19 regulations had been breached at a gathering in Durham City on April 30 2021. "At the time, it was concluded that no offence had been established and therefore no further action would be taken. "Following the receipt of significant new information over recent days, Durham Constabulary has reviewed that position and now, following the conclusion of the pre-election period, we can confirm that an investigation into potential breaches of COVID-19 regulations relating to this gathering is now being conducted." 