Manchester United should sign Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma this summer, according to Darren Bent. The former Tottenham striker has previously put Bissouma's name forward as an ideal signing for Arsenal. But Bent now thinks the Mali international would be a great piece of business for the Red Devils. United have long been linked with a move for West Ham star Declan Rice. However, the Hammers are wanting around £150million for the 23-year-old and Bent cannot see that move happening. The pundit agrees United need to improve in midfield and says Bissouma would be a good alternative to Rice. United are set for a major rebuild this summer under new manager Erik ten Hag. And Bent believes the 25-year-old should be one of their priority buys. READ MORE: Man Utd board 'tell Erik ten Hag to scour free agent market' as budget emerges  He told talkSPORT: "Listen, they need a holding midfield player. They should have got one of them in a little while ago. "I don't think they're going to stump up the money [for Rice], West Ham look like they're happy to hold onto him. So someone I'd like to see them sign, I think he's a really good player, Yves Bissouma. "I think he's a top player at Brighton, really good. I think he's gettable as well. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag' [SOCIAL]Man City can sign three players after Haaland 'done deal' to land Liverpool blow [TRANSFERS]Tottenham could stand in the way of Raheem Sterling to Arsenal transfer [TRANSFERS]  "I think he would improve Manchester United as well because he's not just your average box-to-box, he can get about. I think he's a top drawer midfielder so I would probably go out and get him." Despite his history at Spurs, Bent is an Arsenal supporter. And in January he suggested Bissouma as an ideal midfield partner for Thomas Partey at the Emirates. Bent said: "I would like to see Arsenal go and get Yves Bissouma from Brighton. I really like him, I think he's a top, top player.  "I think he's gettable as well. Him and Partey in the middle of the park, that is what you call protection in front of the back four by the way. "You let the likes of [Emile] Smith Rowe, [Martin] Odegaard bomb forward. If you can Yves Bissouma, I think he can turn into a top player in this league, I really do. Yeah I really like him. "He's one of those players that can be box-to-box but if you ask him to sit there, he's comfortable in possession. Yeah he's a top player." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 