The Secretary of State appeared via video link on BBC Breakfast where she discussed the government's plan to help families who are struggling to pay for their electricity and gas bills. However, the segment took a turn, when the MP seemed to squirm in her seat over the BBC host's line of questioning. "You say the Chancellor is looking at tax and we hear whispers, maybe a U-turn windfall tax might happen and there are other possibilities," Kay fumed. "I just wonder this is happening on your watch, this is a crisis for the economy, isn't it? "Prices are up by nine percent, we are just reporting today, is it time for an emergency budget to layout practical reality and plans?" "This is a very serious global inflation spike," the MP hit back as Kay interrupted: "Yeah, so what are you going to do now?" READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain She continued: "It's having huge effects right around the world. "What we have done in the UK is we have put together this household support fund that people can access. "We have made the cuts of course to petrol duty and as I've said the Chancellor is working on what more we can do in terms of support to households, but I recognise it's a very difficult time that the country is facing. "The important thing is getting economic growth up, getting those jobs, those high paying jobs into our country, attracting the investment that is what we need to do to sustain ourselves through what is a very severe global economic storm." The host seemed to get frustrated by Truss' reply as he asked: "Okay, sure. "So if you can't tell us what more you're going to do, can you tell us when you will tell us what you're going to do?" She replied: "I'm afraid that's a matter for the Chancellor rather than me to be able to say exactly when those additional measures will be put in place, but I know he's working very hard on that. "He did a fantastic job of making sure people were supported through the COVID-19 crisis, but we now seeing the fallout of COVID-19 in terms of global supply chains in terms of the price spikes of commodities, and I know he's working on what more can be done to support families." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] Kay went on to point out the Chancellor's actions during the pandemic has raised people's expectations of what he can do to help people now. He raged: "We have figures like this, and people want to see evidence of what's actually going to happen now. "Do you appreciate that there is this kind of frustration in people's lives at the moment that they want to see and feel and know a bit more clearly what you're doing?" Truss agreed with Kay and explained she understands it is a worrying time for people. The segment sparked a strong reaction from viewers, with many accusing the MP of dodging the questions. Mick Wood tweeted: "It’s all in the message and public perception, we deserve truth and integrity and not this nonsense." User @sdiddsy fumed: "Liz Truss is walking talking car crash of a Foreign Secretary. The current Tory administration lurches from one crisis to another because they try to appease whichever right-wing faction is shouting loudest at the time. It’s all about them. #BBCBreakfast." (sic) While Ash added: "Liz Truss is completely useless on #BBCBreakfast. John Kay asking straightforward questions and she's doing an excellent job of waffling c**p. The people within the government are not on the same page as the rest of the country, they're on huge earnings and are living comfortably." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.