Last month, Queen legend Brian May released his Gold Series re-issue of 1998’s Another World, his second solo album following on from Back to the Light. The title track was accompanied by a brand new music video shot in the Canary Islands, by Tenerife’s Teide Observatory, where the rock star did his Physics PhD research; plus on the tiny island of El Hierro where he revisited the leaning tree that features so iconically on the album’s cover. Now, as a special gift to his fans in that part of the world, the 74-year-old has released a Spanish language version of the song. Brian debuted this fresh take of the Another World music video called Otro Lugar at his Greenwich Planetarium album launch last month, where he spoke of what inspired this interpretation. On the night, producer Simon Lupton – who helped host the evening – said it was: “A real treat in particular for Brian’s Spanish speaking fans.” The Queen rocker replied in the native language of the Canary Islands, before translating: “This is for you because the Spanish world has always been incredibly kind to us and to me.” Brian said of shooting the music videos in Tenerife: “We filmed two versions of Another World in the Canaries. In fact, we went out mainly to do the Spanish one at the beginning. So it’s kind of fitting that the Spanish one turned out better than the English one! We managed to shoot a lot more in Spanish than in English strangely enough and maybe I worked harder on it, I don’t know. But the shots just seem to come nicely together. When you’re watching this (and you’re English speaking), bear in mind that the Spanish words mean almost exactly the same as the English words. They’re about a parallel universe and what could have happened in Another World.” Otro Lugar was originally released in its audio format for the 1999 compilation album, Baladas 99, joining the likes of Robbie Williams and Joe Cocker. The track now features on Another Disc, which is included on the 2CD and box set formats of the Another World re-issue; along with a special collection of remixes, rarities and live tracks. On returning to the El Hierro tree in the music videos, Brian said: “The tree is a great symbol for Another World for me. And we revisited it. It’s a really ancient tree. It's a kind of juniper. It's a Sabina, as they call it here. But its form is extraordinary - it’s grown in a very harsh environment with constant high winds. So the only way it has survived is by bending - in a long sweeping curve, the tree resembles a beautiful woman with her head thrown back in the wind.   So we had an amazing trip with these three islands and the gods have been with us. I don't know if someone's looking after us because everywhere we've been, we've had the perfect weather for the shots, and this video should be stupendous.” DON'T MISSBrian May tears up after watching childhood dream come true – WATCH [ALBUM LAUNCH]Brian May’s ‘joy’ over Freddie Mercury’s Bohemian Rhapsody choice [FREDDIE]Queen ‘in talks for special Platinum Jubilee Concert’ says Brian May [QUEEN AND ADAM LAMBERT] Brian added: “So this has been a dream for me, to revisit the places which fuelled my life and also fuelled the creation of this album Another World, particularly the pine forest which encircles the central volcano, El Teide. And that forest is a very special place for me, for many reasons. And that's the place I want to be when I leave this planet, because to me, it's the closest place to Heaven.” Another World is out now.