Manchester United are planning a ‘big restructure’ ahead of the Erik ten Hag era, according to reports. Richard Arnold is keen to drive the changes at Old Trafford. And some at the club are unhappy with their current staff, believing they’ve got ‘too big for their boots’. United have already moved to tinker with their structure over the past 12 months. John Murtough and Darren Fletcher were both hired last year, Arnold has replaced Ed Woodward and Ten Hag will take over from Ralf Rangnick as manager come the end of the season. But, despite those adjustments, the Manchester Evening News say more changes are on the horizon. Arnold is said to think that a number of ‘significant’ changes are needed to change the club’s image. Sources say some staff have even got ‘too big for their boots’ - which is another reason things will be overhauled. Arnold is unhappy with United’s social media strategy, too. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Staff at the club reportedly disagreed with the decision to endorse a tweet by Paul Pogba slamming a story that was released in October. That message supposedly undermined their campaign against online abuse that they launched a year ago. And whether the changes make a difference on the pitch remains to be seen. United have endured a nightmare campaign, despite the positive signings of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer. They were dumped out of the Carabao Cup by West Ham in September, just as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in the dugout was starting to fizzle out. United then exited the FA Cup in January under Rangnick, losing to Middlesbrough on penalties. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And they were sent crashing out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid in March after losing 2-1 on aggregate. United are also now set to miss out on a place in the top four. And that means they’ll be playing in the Europa League or perhaps even the UEFA Conference League next term. Former United coach Rene Meulensteen, meanwhile, has admitted he had high hopes when Ronaldo retuned. “There were a lot of expectations, even from myself,” he said. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “When Ronaldo comes in, he comes in for one reason only and that’s to improve the team and basically get United challenging again. “They were second in the league, so no reason to believe anything else. “For some reason there was that lack of consistency at the start of the season and performances started to fall away. “The season has been derailed more and more. “You saw the frustration kick in when they got knocked out of this competition, then they got knocked out of the FA Cup, then they lost ground in the league. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They changed managers against and Rangnick came in. “Rangnick’s impact has not brought what everyone expected, to push for the top four and Champions League is so important. “They have been derailed and irritation has turned into frustration. “When I see United play, I see a team that is lost. They are lost completely. “There is no cohesion, no organisation, no structure, any basic thing that you need in any successful performance is not there.”