Better Call Saul season six is the Breaking Bad prequel's final ever series and so far, it has not disappointed. AMC and Netflix have aired its midseason finale which has left the show on a major cliffhanger and set up Better Call Saul for its final lot of episodes. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the ending of season six, episode seven. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) had spent the entirety of season six so far doing everything they can to discredit fellow attorney Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian). They were trying to make it seem as if Howard was a drug addict in order to bring about a quick settlement in the Sandpiper Crossing case which would see Jimmy receive a $2million payout. The plan was mostly going swimmingly with Howard very much down on his luck throughout series six's seventh episode. He then went to pay Jimmy and Kim a visit to give his congratulations on the plan working. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate In this final scene, Howard goes to their apartment for this purpose, but also warns them that he was intending on making their lives not worth living as a result. It is in this moment that the door opens and in walks cartel kingpin Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). Jimmy and Kim are terrified and tell Howard to leave them to it. But, instead of listening to his foes, the attorney begins to make jokes. He tells Lalo that he should find himself better lawyers than those at Better Call Saul. These turn out to be Howard's final words as Lalo's anger turns towards him. He shoots Howard in the head, with blood and brains splattering over the couple's apartment as they scream in shock. Fans were left stunned by the unexpected and last minute death of Howard, which wasn't predicted. But upon analysing the episode, there were a few reasons as to why Lalo shot Jimmy's rival. DON'T MISS...Barry Manilow's appearance on This Morning sparks frenzy  [REACTION]Better Call Saul’s Patrick Fabian on ‘emotional’ Howard exit [EXIT]Better Call Saul: Why did Patrick Fabian leave as Howard Hamlin? [CAST] Firstly, Lalo didn't want to leave any witness at the scene as he had only returned to Albuquerque from Germany after visiting to learn more about Gus Fring's (Giancarlo Esposito) lab. He didn't want word getting out that he was in town so needed to silence anyone who could have disclosed his whereabouts. Lalo also wanted to scare Jimmy and Kim by showing exactly what he was capable of doing. He did initially intend on letting Howard go but the longer he stayed, the more Lalo realised what kind of man he was and knew he had to go. Sadly, fans are going to have to wait a little while before Better Call Saul returns. The crime drama has been split into two parts with the final six episodes yet to air. Once it is back, a new instalment will be released every week until the grand finale during the week of Monday, August 15. Better Call Saul season six, part two, premieres on Monday, July 11, on AMC in America and the following day on Netflix.