It seems unlikely that Jose Mourinho will ever forget the infamous 'ghost goal' that was scored against his Chelsea side by Luis Garcia of Liverpool in the Champions League semi-finals back in 2005. The Blues were denied a final showdown with AC Milan in Istanbul as a direct result of Garcia's bizarre strike for the Reds that sunk Mourinho's men at Anfield exactly 17 years ago today. The first leg at Stamford Bridge ended goalless at the conclusion of a tense and cagey encounter, with Didier Drogba and Frank Lampard both spurning clear-cut chances to hand Chelsea a welcome advantage over the course of the 90 minutes. The west Londoners were eventually made to pay in the second leg on Merseyside as Garcia grabbed the only goal of the game to send Liverpool into the Champions League final for the first time in 20 years.However, the nature of Garcia's winning strike was hugely controversial and will live long in the memory of all those connected to the fixture as a result of the debate over whether the ball actually crossed the line. The Spaniard poked towards goal from close range after just four minutes and was adjudged to have given Liverpool an early lead despite appeals from Chelsea's players that William Gallas had cleared the danger before the ball had gone in.Whether or not Garcia's goal should have stood is a question that will likely never be answered due to a lack of clear-cut evidence based on camera angles from the footage of the match and the lack of goal-line technology in 2005. Mourinho was adamant that Anfield's famously hostile atmosphere played a key role, though, as he aimed a cheeky jab in the direction of the Reds when quizzed on the matter back in 2019. JUST IN: Arsenal could finally sign Arthur Melo as Juventus ‘plan swap deal’ "Anfield is a magic place to play, it is a beautiful place to play," said Mourinho in his role as a pundit for BT Sport. "They can even score goals that the players don’t score, like it happened in 2005."It wasn’t Garcia that scored the goal, it was the crowd that scored the goal, but now it isn’t possible with VAR and goal-line technology. Anfield can create miracles, but this is more than that."I have to say this is a magnificent place to play football, even people not in love with that club they have to admit that it is a magnificent club, incredible stadium, and one of the best atmospheres I have ever played football in is Anfield." Garcia's immediate on-pitch reaction to his bizarre 'ghost goal' against Chelsea back in 2005 may have also helped the referee to make his decision after the Liverpool man wheeled away in celebration to leave minimal doubt as to whether he thought the ball had crossed the line. He admitted as much to BT Sport two years ago when asked for his view on the incident, which ultimately set up one of Liverpool's greatest European nights by sending them through to that season's legendary final in Istanbul."My reaction to the goal is straightforward, when they touch the ball, I wait for it to bounce and then I go to celebrate," said Garcia."I don’t wait around, I just run off to celebrate. My reaction means I saw the ball going in. Nothing more to say, your honour." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here