Sky News may no longer get automatic access to Tory ministers following an interview with Kay Burley and Rachel MacLean where the latter claimed struggling Brits should consider working more hours amid the cost of living crisis. The Tory MP also suggested workers move to a “better-paid job”. No 10 reportedly feels Maclean was treated unfairly by presenter Burley. Downing Street will judge whether to send a minister onto Sky News’ morning programme on a “case-by-case basis”, according to The Telegraph. The safeguarding minister in the Home Office spoke to Burley on Monday morning. During the interview, she remarked: “I think what we need to focus on now is over the long term. “We do have these short-term pressures on us that we're all aware of. Read more: Richard Madeley hits out he blames Brexit for UK economy “But over the long term, we need to have a plan to grow the economy and make sure that people are able to protect themselves better, whether that is by taking on more hours or moving to a better-paid job.” “It may be right for some people, they may be able to access additional hours,” Maclean added. “But, of course, it is not going to work for people who are already in three jobs.” After the interview, the MP argued her comments were taken out of context. On Wednesday morning and Thursday morning broadcasters interviewed Kit Malthouse and Dominic Raab respectively. However, neither politician appeared on Sky News’ morning news programme. After Maclean’s comments aired, the Tory MP received a backlash from angry viewers and opposition parties. Shadow work and pension secretary Jonathan Ashworth called her “completely out of touch”. DON'T MISSBen Shephard sparks uproar over 'waste of time' Raab grilling [INTERVIEW]Eddie Hearn in fiery GMB clash as campaigner calls for boxing ban [VIDEO]GMB's Kate sparks uproar with 'abhorrent' Kit Malthouse interview [INSIGHT] Maclean was branded “tone-deaf, out of touch and condescending in a cost of living crisis” by shadow foreign secretary David Lammy. However, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis defended the minister. He told Sky News: “In some sectors people will already be working very long hours.” But a support provided by the Government will ensure “people [had] more money in their pocket to deal with these global challenges”. After the backlash, Maclean revealed in a statement that she had been sent a death threat. She said she had received a “torrent of personal attacks, including a threat made against my life”. Maclean added that moving forward she would “focus on helping people which is what I got into politics to do”.