Romelu Lukaku could be set for a swift return to Inter Milan with the deposed Serie A champions making the Chelsea striker their top transfer target. The Belgium international has struggled to impress on his Stamford Bridge comeback, and the Nerazzuri are prioritising a deal for their former forward over the signing of free agent Paulo Dybala. That is according to Italian outlet Calciomercato, who claim Inter Milan have 'no doubts' over their decision to focus upon a move for Lukaku. The former Everton and Manchester United striker scored eight goals in 26 Premier League appearances, and struggled for game-time under Thomas Tuchel towards the end of the season. Lukaku has already outlined his desire to return to Inter Milan one day, having apologised for a controversial interview with Sky Italy which was broadcast in January. The 29-year-old said: "I really hope in the depths of my heart to return to Inter, not at the end of my career, but at a still good level to hopefully win more." Lukaku enjoyed a prolific two-year spell in Italy, netting 64 goals in 95 appearances and helping Antonio Conte's side to lift the Serie A title last season. It was this form which convinced Chelsea to break their transfer record and re-sign the striker for £97.5 million, but rumours are already circulating that this latest return could be over this summer. Reports suggest Lukaku has split with Federico Pastorello, the agent who brokered his Stamford Bridge return, to work with lawyer Sebastien Ledure in an attempt to force through a return to the San Siro. The striker's desire to make the move seems to be matched by the club, with Simone Inzaghi's side now exploring ways to structure the deal. However, this revived interest could scupper an expected move for Dybala who was linked to Inter Milan after failing to agree a new contract with Juventus. Manchester United and Tottenham have been credited with an interest in the 28-year-old, but the Argentina international could yet remain in Italy. Inter Milan had been considered the frontrunners for Dybala, but recent reports now indicate Jose Mourinho is keen on signing the second striker at Roma. The 'Special One' has just led the club to their first European trophy in more than 60 years following their Conference League final victory over Feyenoord.