No surprise to me, the bottom of the list was Sweden, the one that refused to be panicked into mass lockdowns or the hundred other life-wrecking miseries inflicted on us by the Johnson government. What the WHO did not include in its research was the simple truth that Sweden refused to close down thousands of bars, cafes, restaurants and pubs; nor close theatres, cinemas or any form of entertainment. The Swedes could continue to walk the streets, relax in the parks, swim in the pools. Over here Boris Johnson, the obedient servant of blithering idiots from the SAGE Committee – now duly knighted as per the British tradition with public sector failures – did exactly as they told him and told the rest of us he was “following the science”. Lives were destroyed, careers wrecked, small businesses that young people had toiled to set up never recovered, shops with no customers went bankrupt and the entire civil service learnt the new lifestyle of “working from home” – meaning doing virtually no work at all. You may have noticed they still are. On the altar of Covid our prized NHS was broken, as evidenced by the hundreds of thousands of people needing attention who were rebuffed as Covid became the only priority. The figures over here have still to emerge to reveal how many have died prematurely for lack of attention from an entire medical profession on work-to-rule. More than the real Covid death toll? Probably. Today we are told at last that Covid need not be exaggerated and, with vaccination, we can learn to live with it as we do with annual flu and the common cold – both of which were once lethal. But the heritage of the Government’s panic-stricken reaction to Covid is still with us in the crashed economy, the spiralling charges, taxes and prices. The tales of misery among the very old and poor are at every hand. Officialdom and government tell us it is all very sad but it simply had to be done or the half-million-dead predictions of the SAGE idiots would have come to pass. But the figures from Geneva and Stockholm reveal this is all one big lie, or why are the Swedish figures the lowest in Europe? Analyse a bit more and it becomes clear that everything we have suffered, are suffering and will continue to suffer for a long time yet derive from that single panic-stricken misjudgement – how to handle Covid. It was far away the biggest single governmental cock-up of my lifetime. In a fair society those behind it – politicians, bureaucrats and pseudo-scientists – should never work again on the taxpayer’s payroll. ----------- Voters can be pretty weird creatures and at no time do they behave more strangely than in mid-term local elections. Technically they are voting for local councillors but many use that little pencilled cross to vent their irritation at assorted grievances. Lifelong devotees of major parties take a one-vote “holiday” from that loyalty while intending to return at the next general election. Nationwide, the results look bizarre. No-hopers for government can kid themselves they have a chance. Monster Raving Loonies think they might make the Cabinet one day. In Northern Ireland the party whose historic military wing, the IRA, once visited 30 years of violence and murder upon the province gains more votes than any other single party, and seeks secession. The good news is that all the other parties, despite their differences, are passionately opposed to it. In Scotland a clear majority has voted to retain as their government the party and leader who have been steadily maladministering their country into bankruptcy. This will continue so long as the demonised Sassenachs pay for the deficits with their subsidies. Meanwhile down south the two major parties are consumed only with the issues of who had a slice of birthday cake or a glass of beer two years ago when rules so obscure nobody knew about them forbade such vicious practices. If a newly-arrived Martian, here to study the theory and practice of elective democratic government, could see all this he would surely ask: “Are you lot completely bonkers?” and fly back home for a bit of common sense. ---------- One day no doubt the full story will be told of the quite extraordinary resistance of the last Ukrainians inside the sprawling but now gutted Azovstal steelworks. It really does look as if they are going to fight to the last man. Which would make it reminiscent of the Battle of the Alamo. “Deep in the heart of Texas, by the town of San Anton…” runs the ballad that commemorates the siege of the old mission house called The Alamo where in 1836 a group of Texan independence fighters, abandoned and alone, fought to the last man against a superior Mexican army after the women and children had been escorted to safety under a flag of truce. Legends like Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie (he of the huge hunting knife) were among the resisters who fought and died there. The house still stands, a tourist attraction and shrine. Will Azovstal and its resisters-to-the-last-man now create their own legend? This time, with modern technology, the whole world is watching. Incidentally, if you are ever in a bar brawl and things are going badly, just shout “Remember the Alamo” and any Texans in the joint will weigh in and help you. Useful to know? ---------- As I predicted, the scheme to ship illegal immigrants landing on the Kent coast straight to the tropical charms of Rwanda has already run into problems. Unlike the women and children fleeing the hell of Ukraine with no more than the clothes they stand up in, these immigrants have already paid handsome sums to traffickers to bring them over. Most are fit young men. Unlike the destitute Ukrainians, entering legally and therefore blocked by our useless bureaucracy, the illegals have slogged across half the world to be here and nowhere else. Now they are to be told to get on a bus not for a comfy hotel for processing but to an airport to board a flight to Kigali? And if they physically resist, do we handcuff them? Carry them on board in chains as the cameras flash? What an image to go viral. Now the lawyers are offering their services – free. So each appeal passes to the courts to be dealt with, very slowly, when their lordships up on the bench can have several weeks to think things over. As I suggested, it’s a nightmare in the making. ---------- Conservatives, and the media who support them, are foolish to continue clamouring for the resignation of Sir Keir Starmer over a bottle of beer in Durham many months ago. If the Tories want to achieve power and hold on to it, being opposed by Keir Starmer is seriously good news. If he were toppled, the leadership of Labour might pass to a real danger. Being opposed by Sir Keir is a gift from the gods. ----------