The BBC political editor has been doing the broadcast rounds to discuss the early results from Thursday's local elections across the United Kingdom. Boris Johnson's Conservative Government have taken a blow in London losing a number of high-profile councils to Keir Starmer's Labour. However, Laura Kuenssberg has argued that the results overall for the Tories may not actually be such a grim picture. Ms Kuenssberg told BBC Breakfast: "It's been a grim set of results for Boris Johnson. "But has it been completely ghastly Armageddon? No, it hasn't been actually. "If you think of what the Tories have gone through in the last six months, all those allegations the Prime Minister found to have been broken a law. Think about how people are feeling about their family finances right now. People are feeling increasingly hard up and concerned about what might lie next. "But that hasn't turned into a really, really strong punishment for the government."   She added: "As some of Boris Johnson's allies will say, well, we've been in charge for a long time. "We're midterm, the Prime Minister has been through a massive amount of turmoil in the last six months. "This actually isn't a set of results that's too shabby." The Labour party has won control of three flagship Conservative London boroughs in the local elections with Wandsworth and Barnet borough councils, and Westminster City Council, all previously controlled by the Conservatives, now in Labour hands.  It is the first time Labour has ever won Barnet and Westminster since both councils were created in the 1960s. The new Labour leader of Wandsworth suggested his party's victory signalled "time for a change" at the top of Government. Barnet's Conservative group leader said the result did not "bode well" for the Conservatives at the next general election, as the partygate scandal and the cost of living crisis impacts on the party's vote share. Labour victories in the three London councils are regarded as a bellwether for the party's performance at the next general election. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: Remainer civil servants' plot to scupper £10bn trade deal [REVEAL] Local elections: 'Postal vote?' Boris mocked as Carrie absent  [INSIGHT] Starmer is Corbyn mk2 so Boris is safe whatever - ROBERT TAYLOR [SPOTLIGHT] Conceding defeat, the Conservative leader of Barnet, Daniel Thomas, said Labour's gain was a "warning shot" from Tory voters. He added: "Clearly if Labour are to get a majority in Parliament they need to win Barnet. They won the council, if they win our parliamentary constituencies as well, then it doesn't bode well for us to form a Government in future general elections." Westminster City Council had been in Conservative hands since the authority was created in 1964. The symbolically-important council oversees local services on Parliament's doorstep.