The Duchess of Sussex has previously spoken out about her struggles after having her first child Archie and adjusting to married life.  The announcement aims to strengthen the workforce in America by catering for the childcare needs of families first.   On Wednesday, Meghan announced with the Marshall Plan for Moms the ‘National Business Coalition for Child Care’ in collaboration with the Archewell Foundation, founded by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The coalition aims to bolster the United State’s economic recovery by supporting working mothers and advocating for policies which aid them. A survey conducted by McKinsey & Company and Marshall Plan for Moms revealed that 69 percent of women looking for word said child-care benefits could sway their decision on where to work.  It also found nearly half of women who had left the workforce did so over child care. Founder of Marshall Plan for Moms and Girls Who Code, Reshma Saujani said: “Our report shows that you can attract, retain and advance women in the workforce only through the provision of offering child-care benefits.” The Duchess said in a statement: “Families everywhere, and especially working moms, are asked to shoulder so much. “This has only been heightened by the pandemic, with increased caregiving responsibilities, rising prices, and economic uncertainty. READ MORE: Treasure hunters think they've found Nazi treasure in SS brothel  “As it’s been said many times, it takes a village to raise a child.” She added: “Today, we’re sending a message that childcare isn’t just a community imperative - it’s a business imperative. “Creating a stronger workforce starts with meeting the needs of families.” In 2019 following the birth of Archie, Ms Markle spoke to ITV’s Tom Bradbury about the struggles of motherhood: “Any woman especially when they’re pregnant, you’re really vulnerable, and so that was made really challenging. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Would you accept King Charles as regent this year? (POLL)GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut (REACTION)Coffee impacts cholesterol levels depending on your gender - study (REVEAL)  “And then when you have a newborn, you know. And especially as a woman, it’s a lot.” “So you add this on top of just trying to be a new mom or trying to be a newlywed it’s ..yeah.. thank you for asking because not many people have asked if I’m okay.” “But it’s a very real thing to be going through behind the scenes.” Meghan then admitted to Mr Bradbury that she was in fact “not really okay” and that she was “struggling” after the birth of her first child Archie. Now, after the birth of her second child, Lilibet, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed that they will bring their children to the UK in June. 