Someone in Australian authority clearly told Djokovic he could play in the Australian Open, but while he was en route to Melbourne someone else changed their mind. Djokovic successfully challenged it, so the federal government found another technicality, this time Djokovic couldn’t counter, so he was deported. Fortunately for Australia, Djokovic had made an error on his immigration documentation, he had not respected social distancing when he had Covid in December, and he’s not the world’s most popular athlete anyway, so public antipathy limited Australia’s blushes. But looking at the issue dispassionately, it’s easy to conclude the Serb was badly treated. The first thing to say about Djokovic is that his refusal to take a Covid vaccine is entirely consistent with everything he has done in his life. As a junior, he frequently wheezed and sneezed in reaction to some wildflower by the side of a tennis court, and the early part of his professional career was dominated by high-profile mid-match retirements when his body rebelled. It became a running joke in the tennis world, culminating in Andy Roddick saying in an on-court interview at the 2008 US Open that Djokovic had so many injuries he probably had “bird flu, anthrax, Sars, common cough and cold”. Djokovic turned the corner when he didn’t retire from his quarter-final at the 2010 Australian Open despite leaving the court to vomit. That match was spotted by a dietitian who identified an intolerance to gluten and dairy – not great for a kid who had grown up with a pizzeria as the family business. From 2010, Djokovic’s retirements became rare, he won 19 Grand Slam titles over the next 11 years and dominated men’s tennis. Such was his relief at finding a diet that worked for him that he even “wrote” a short book Serve to Win (the ghostwriter was never credited) in 2013 on how he had overcome his body’s tendency to rebel, and in 2016 he opened a vegan restaurant in Monte Carlo (since closed). Accompanying his dietary self-knowledge is a deeply held belief that the human body has remarkable powers to heal itself. In 2017, a long-running elbow problem resulted in him retiring from his fourth-round match at Wimbledon, following which he was advised to have surgery. He refused, choosing instead to sit out the rest of the year to let nature heal the injury. When it resurfaced after his abortive comeback at the 2018 Australian Open, he finally succumbed to surgical intervention; he claims he cried for three days because he couldn’t honour his principles. (The intervention did the job – by July 2018 he was Wimbledon champion and won seven of the subsequent 11 major titles.) Against that background, it should surprise no one that his natural approach to the COVID-19 vaccines was that he didn’t want to take them. Even if he hadn’t got Covid in July 2020 at an event he organised with a somewhat cavalier approach to medical safety, he would probably still have trusted his body to develop its own immunity. Yet by the start of 2022, this was not an option for him, at least not one that allowed him to ply his trade at all the major tournaments on the global professional tennis circuit. Australia made it very clear that, unless he was vaccinated, he would not be allowed to play the Australian Open. There are a number of medical elements that are very disturbing about this. The most obvious is that the roles of vaccination and testing were badly mixed up. If the aim is to keep an event safe, then testing is the main tool. If the aim is to lessen the load on the medical services, then vaccination has some justification. By the end of 2021, it was clear that Covid vaccines may reduce the likelihood of serious illness and death, at least for a limited time, in the most vulnerable but they do not prevent vaccinated people from getting Covid. While criticism of the lack of safety measures at Djokovic’s Adria Cup in 2020 is legitimate, denying him entry to the Australian Open would only have been justified if he had refused to take the stipulated tests to prove he was Covid-free. But it’s worse than that. By the start of 2022, there was alarming evidence that the case for Covid vaccines was seriously flawed. A Lancet editorial cited evidence that unvaccinated people with natural immunity (which Djokovic had) were ten times less likely to contract the virus than those who did not have natural immunity and were vaccinated. It was also clear from UK data that those who had natural immunity and got vaccinated had an almost threefold increase in suffering from systemic side effects. There was absolutely no scientific or medical justification whatsoever for Novak to take the vaccine especially as it would not help reduce the chances of him passing it on to others. The decision then became an individual one and for that given his age and fitness would put Djokovic at extremely low risk of suffering serious illness from the virus indeed. None of this is to take sides with those who choose not to be vaccinated – it is still too early to do that. But given the evidence above, and that once vaccinated you cannot be unvaccinated, the argument in favour of vaccine mandates is very flimsy. Yet Djokovic was denied the chance to play his most successful major tournament on the basis of a vaccine mandate. (Legally, the ultimate reason for his deportation from Australia was that his presence might incite anti-vaccination sentiment – yes, it might have done, because there was a lot of justification for at least anti-mandate sentiment.) Those tempted to boo him when he appears at Roland-Garros and Wimbledon to defend the two Grand Slam tennis titles he still holds might stop to consider whether such treatment is fair. This is a man who has stood by his principles, even though it may deny him as prominent a place in tennis history as might otherwise have been the case (indeed the title he had made his own was won in January by his main rival Rafael Nadal, who has never beaten Djokovic at the Australian Open). Whether one agrees with Djokovic’s stance or not, his moral courage and the legitimacy of his case ought at least to be acknowledged, and he may well end up on the right side of history. Chris Bowers is a writer, broadcaster and tennis historian and the author of Novak Djokovic: the biography (John Blake, 2017). Dr Aseem Malhotra is a Consultant Cardiologist and President of The Public Health Collaboration 