Departing Countdown host Anne Robinson, 77, has become the latest celebrity to voice her views about transgender people's rights. The famously tart-tongued presenter stated that she views a woman as “someone with a vagina,” and went on to rage about “men in women’s changing rooms”. While Anne adds that people are “entitled” to disagree with her opinions, she said she is “horrified that we can’t have a debate” about the issue. In a new interview, Anne stated: “A woman is someone with a vagina...I’m horrified by the lack of safety in women’s changing rooms, in swimming pools and that sort of thing. “I think the most interesting statistic is that the amount of trans [people] who actually surgically get altered is minuscule. “So, you are talking about men in women’s changing rooms," she added to The Telegraph. READ MORE:Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show According to data from LGBT+ charity, Stonewall, it is estimated that around one percent of the population identify as trans and non-binary. The report also states that gender reassignment surgery is not something all trans people want to undergo. However, for those who see surgery as an important part of their transition, it has become increasingly difficult due to NHS waiting lists and the effects of the Covid pandemic. Conversations regarding whether transgender individuals should be able to access single-sex facilities has been hotly debated in recent years. It was highlighted again last month when the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) ruled that trans people can be excluded from such facilities if reasons are “justifiable and proportionate”. A statement from the watchdog said: "Service providers wishing to limit services to a single sex are legally able to do so, provided the reasons are justified and proportionate.” Anne’s comments sparked an angry response from India Willoughby, who is best known as the world’s first transgender newsreader. India took to Twitter to rage: “No surprise that Anne Robinson is a member of Prosecco Stormfront. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand Prix[LATEST]Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival[INSIGHT]Dennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death[NEWS] “Trans women at all stages of their transition have been using the Ladies for 50 years - there has NEVER been safety issues. “Thank God you’re going. @RachelRileyRR far nicer and more talented.” It comes after Anne stepped down as the host of Countdown after just one year. Announcing the news in a statement last week, Anne said she “had a blast” hosting the show, but admitted that she “stayed longer” than she had signed up for. She said: “Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks." Anne’s last episode is set to air this summer with a new host set to be announced in due course.