Leah Wood, who is the daughter of Rolling Stones legend Ronnie Wood, has opened up about her latest venture in the same week as the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Following in the footsteps of her father, the artist and environmental activist will participate in the One Planet, One Chance exhibition. The exhibition features art celebrating the earth, sea and its beautiful animals, marine life and ecosystems, which urgently need our help and has been curated by Leah and Zebra One Gallery’s Gabrielle Du Plooy. The exhibition will showcase pieces that include Damien Hirst’s cherry blossoms, Andy Warhol's Flowers, Bob Dylan’s sunflower and countryside paintings and Bein Eines’ Earth. Similar to her rock legend dad, Leah has a passion for artwork and painting. The 43-year-old said: "I fell into becoming an artist. I am lucky that I am able to paint and spread the message to the world. I’m blessed to have this talent." READ MORE: Raquel Welch, 81, in daring look as ageless beauty stuns fans Speaking about the exhibition, the 43-year-old said: "I hope that visitors will come away feeling inspired and encouraged to take whatever action they can to protect our planet and to consider how they can manage their footprints. "I’m hoping the show will provide encouragement, awareness and enlightenment for any still in the dark about exactly what is happening to our fragile plan." Like her mother Jo Wood, Leah has a passion to save the planet and the pair are also ambassadors for Cool Earth charity - where a percentage of the proceeds from the exhibition will go to help protect endangered rainforests. She explained: "Yes, me and my mum are both ambassadors for Cool Earth. I really wanted her to be on board, because I had been an ambassador for about a year and I felt we could be a powerful, mother-daughter team and that it would be fun.  "My family is big when it comes to charities close to our hearts, like Tusk, Cool Earth and Sea Shepherd." She continued: "I think being involved as an ambassador for Cool Earth really helped with my interest in environmental activism. Having Dame Vivienne Westwood by your side as an ambassador really helps. "She’s one amazing, iconic woman, who is really passionate about the planet." One Planet, One Chance exhibition was launched after a meeting with Zebra One Gallery’s Gabrielle Du Plooy, and Leah decided to take the opportunity to raise funds and awareness for charities that deal with rainforest protection and conservation. DON'T MISS... Bradley Cooper unrecognisable as he plays play Leonard Bernstein[LATEST]Jeff Bezos kisses girlfriend Lauren Sanchez in cosy display[PICTURES]Monty Don: Gardeners' World host shares new of family arrival[INSTAGRAM] A host of artists passionate about conservation have also contributed work to the project, including photographer El Hardwick, exploring how to heal a damaged planet, Chris Fallows’ Lightbox photographic encounters with iconic animals in extraordinary moments. In addition photography from explorer, photographer and environmentalist Konrad Bartelski - from the Norwegian Arctic to Antarctica - as well as a collage by Seana Gavin. Leah's artwork includes a bee, butterfly and polar bear paintings. Speaking about what visitors can expect from the exhibition, the artist commented: "They will hopefully be inspired by what they see. "The show is a celebration of our planet and these brilliant creatives get powerful messages across with their works." Jo and Leah aren’t the only members of the Wood family to care about conservation. Ronnie has been a patron of the wildlife charity Tusk since 1991 and Leah’s younger brother Tyrone is a director of Project Zero, which is working to restore and protect the world’s oceans. The exhibition will launch with a Private View at Koppel Project on 2 June and will open to the public on 3 June, before moving to Zebra One Gallery’s virtual exhibition with key pieces available to view in person at the Hampstead gallery until June 16. To visit or find out more information at @zebraonegallery or @leahwoodofficial