Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, the former leader of the Brexit Party shared his concerns that the Tories face losing the next election over the immigration issue with the Rwanda policy not deterring people from coming to the UK as “no one believes Rwanda will happen”. Mr Farage said: “Rwanda isn’t working at all, and here’s why. “They’ve heard it again and again, in Dunkirk and Calais, the British Government’s going to get tough. “Pushback, remember that? Pushback, they’re going to turn the boats round and push them back to France. “That policy was dropped last week. Every other blood-curdling crime we’ve heard from Priti Patel and Boris Johnson has resulted in absolutely nothing.  “No one there believes Rwanda will happen.” Mr Farage doubled down on the message that the Tories need to ensure the Rwanda policy is followed through with action if they want to stop more dangerous and illegal crossings. He continued: “If, and only if, those planes start taking off from Manston and take hundreds of young men to Rwanda, then it will be a deterrent.  READ MORE: I will end the the cost-of-living squeeze and boost Britain “But already we have six legal claims against the Government using the Human Rights Act, and we were told today by a Downing Street spokesman that the original plan for the deportations would start before the end of May, and has now been delayed by several months. “And that takes us into June, July, August - the water gets warmer, the sea gets calmer, and I think the Conservative Government is going to be overwhelmed by this crisis. “This hasn’t gone away. Do you know something, there are one million people now on the waiting list for social housing, many of them in Red Wall seats. “This will guarantee a Labour/Lib Dem/SNP coalition at the next election.  DON'T MISS:Susanna Reid speaks OAP Elsie at centre of Boris Johnson interview [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly reacts as critic blasts only 'unemployed' watch show [REVEAL]Boris Johnson reacts to unpaid carers’ energy bills rising by £450 [INSIGHT] “This issue alone will do it, let alone the economy.” According to Sky News, over 250 people arrived in Dover over the Bank Holiday weekend, after an 11 day pause in crossings due to poor weather conditions. At least 6,947 people are thought to have made the journey so far in 2022, more than three times the amount that had travelled here this time last year. By the end of 2022 the figure is projected to reach nearly 60,000. 