Now, new images have emerged of The Royal Oak, an idyllic country inn tucked away near the tiny village of Swallowcliffe in Wiltshire where the TV personality had often been a regular between filming.  James recently presented The Grand Tour on Amazon Prime alongside Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond, having previously hosted hit BBC show Top Gear with the duo for 12 years. Pub landlord, Chris Byett took on the project at the same time as James, about two years ago. The once rough, over-grown and neglected building received a large cash-injection several years ago, in a massive renovation project which saw the addition of the oak room, kitchen and toilet block, while the upstairs was redeveloped into six letting rooms. Chris told WiltshireLive: "I think we've done a good job, I think the staff are a lot stronger and we have a great kitchen team headed by Jonny Sutcliffe who was the previous head chef and the food has always been well respected."  Since Chris and James took over The Royal Oak during lockdown in 2020, the pub has received interest from all over the world - from the far reaches of the United States to all over Asia, where James and his Top Gear team had been filming. Chris said: "I think we might be quite surprised at the distances people are prepared to travel just to come and have a meal in James May's pub. The pub accounts manager, Jamie confirmed this, revealing that the pub has welcomed tourists from Canada, America and Singapore in recent weeks. Chris added: "The nature of our businesses hasn't been massively affected by Covid because we're not a boozer, we don't have people all rammed together. We've very much got a book first culture, because it's a popular place and we don't want to disappoint people so we do encourage bookings." Local villager and regular of 20-years Tim Razzle previously told WiltshireLive that anyone who visits The Royal Oak has to try the cheese soufflé, if, saying it is the "most delicious" item on the menu. The pub is a much better place to visit than it was a couple of decades ago, according to Tim, although it still has the same bones. "In the modern world, villages require a pub, it is their only commercial operation and social centre and that's what this is," he added.  The interior of the building has an abundance of natural light with wooden features and furniture giving the place an earthy feel. Simple, antique ornaments and oldy-worldly books adorn the shelves and share the walls with an impressive selection of artwork from local artist Elaine Heseltine Carp. A large conservatory oak room leads to an open garden, where carefully planted flowers blossom and a beautiful grand-old tree grows. There is now furniture out the front and back, which has been very popular, with customer's enjoying cocktails on these long summer evening. The furniture is strikingly beautiful and designed by Mathew Burt, based in Hindon near Salisbury - the pieces are very exclusive and the pub owner, Chris says that it is a "pleasure to be associated with Mathew." If you're thinking of giving this place a whirl, it's worth mentioning that The Royal Oak pub hosts a quiz night every first Monday of the month, and a tasting menu night takes place every couple of months - so be sure to check the date if you don't want to miss out. 