Mr Browder spoke exclusively to the Express about what would happen if Putin lost the war in Ukraine. Rusian President Vladimir Putin has been waging a brutal war on neighbouring Ukraine for well over two months now, with no clear end in sight. Peace talks seem to be on hold as no agreement to end the war has been agreed upon. Mr Browder discussed what the Russian people would do to Putin if he lost the war, claiming they would take him out in such an event.  Mr Browder said: "I don't think he'll have an opportunity to act. "Because I think the Russian people will take him out very quickly if he loses the war. "Russians don't like losers... They like strong men, not losers. "And if he's seen to be a loser they won't allow him to continue." JUST IN: Rwanda scheme questioned after MP claims housing in Britain would cost the same Many military experts have been warning that if Putin loses the war, his people will turn against him, which may be fueling his need to continue despite losing more than 20,000 soldiers since the beginning of the war. The US Central Intelligence Agency Director, Bill Burns explained why Putin may not admit defeat despite major Russian losses to an audience at an event organised by the Financial Times in Washington Mr Burns said: "He's in a frame of mind in which he doesn't believe he can afford to lose. "I think he's convinced right now that doubling down still will enable him to make progress.    Garry Kasparov, chairman of the Human Rights Foundation, warned on CNN: “It’s a matter of political survival and in many cases – probably in this case – a matter of physical survival.” “I think that Putin knows that losing this war is not an option for him. For a dictator for life, losing the war, it’s devastating.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been imposing tough financial sanctions on Russia since the start of the invasion of Ukraine, to try and de-escalate the bloody onslaught. Ms Truss said: "We are inflicting economic pain on Putin and those closest to him. "We will not rest until Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity is restored. "The Lukashenko regime actively aids and abets Russia’s illegal invasion and will be made to feel the economic consequences for its support for Putin. 