A new health screening service, especially made for middle-aged women, is the first of its kind in the UK. Superdrug is now offering an in-clinic blood test, administered by nurses, to check key hormone levels. The test checks levels of reproductive hormones, vitamins and minerals, cholesterol, and your thyroid profile. Caris Newson, Head of Healthcare Services at Superdrug, commented on the service that is available from Thursday, May 12. "At Superdrug, we are passionate about helping people make the right health choices for them. "Our peri-menopause health screen service makes it as convenient as possible for people to get professional advice." The service offers women "strategies to manage their symptoms or pursue treatment options which could significantly improve their quality of life". Reproductive hormones The blood test checks for oestradiol, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinising hormone (LH). READ MORE: High blood pressure symptoms: 2 head sensations that can be warning signs of hypertension Fluctuations in these hormones not only reduce fertility capability, it increases the risk of osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease. Doctor Sara Kayat, Superdrug's medical ambassador, cautioned that female hormone levels can at times "drop back to normal levels". "Therefore, normal hormone levels in someone with menopausal symptoms does not rule out the peri-menopause," she explained. Superdrug's test also checks for calcium, magnesium and vitamin D levels, as these are related to menopausal symptoms. Cholesterol levels are also checked, including high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol, and triglycerides. If high cholesterol is identified, then the risk of cardiovascular problems increases. Moreover, thyroid function is also checked, as thyroid malfunction can mimic menopause-like symptoms. The blood test checks thyroid markers such as FT4 and thyroid stimulating hormone. Doctor Kayat sympathised that the time leading up to the menopause can be "a very confusing time for women". "Whilst most cases can be diagnosed by a doctor based on symptoms alone, many women understandably would also like to have blood tests to confirm the diagnosis," she added. Symptoms of peri-menopause According to the NHS, the menopause can lead menstrual changes, hot flushes, night sweats, difficulty sleeping, and a reduced libido. Furthermore, people can experience issues with memory and concentration, headaches, mood changes, and vaginal dryness. Superdrug's peri-menopause health screen service is a fasting test, meaning no food or drink should be consumed before the blood test. If possible, the test should also be taken as close to day three of your menstrual cycle. For patients who do not have a period, the fasting blood test can be taken on any day. The service costs £99, and bookings can be made online here.