As the half-term holidays commence, staffing shortages and computer failures left 30,000 passengers stranded last week alone, with many queueing for hours at airports across the country. Airport security is one of the busiest areas in transit hubs and the region most prone to long queues at peak times. Though staff shortages are out of passengers' hands, there are some ways holidaymakers can organise themselves ahead of travel to speed up the security process. According to Charles Stewart, managing director at eurochange, passengers should think carefully about what they are packing, as well as what they are wearing. Although hand luggage restrictions are well known, many people do not think about how their travel outfits could slow them down. Mr Steward said: "[A] reason why people tend to get held up as they pass through security is because they’re wearing the wrong clothing. "Belts, watches, clothing with metal hardware and jewellery, are all items that you’ll inevitably be told to remove before you pass through the metal detectors. READ MORE: ‘Shambles’ at Bristol airport with huge queues "So save yourself some time by keeping these items within your cabin or carry-on baggage. "Not only that, if you’re wearing a heavy coat or shoes with thick soles, you’ll likely be told to take them off. "So if you can, try to wear practical footwear that can either easily slip off or doesn't have large platform soles.” However, anything you do pop in your cabin bag must be in accordance with UK hand luggage restrictions. DON'T MISSeasyJet drops Passengers at Luton, bags at Gatwick [REPORT]BA cancels over 100 flights- full list [EXPLAINER]Disgust as TUI passengers told by TEXT their holidays are cancelled [INSIGHT] Mr Steward explained: “It’s always beneficial to look into the airport's security measures ahead of time to ensure that you don’t unintentionally bring anything prohibited through security. "Often, liquids and aerosols in your carry-on bag need to be kept to under 100ml, this includes deodorant, cosmetics, perfumes and even water, and they must be transferred into a sealable clear bag." These rules apply to all flights departing UK airports. According to Gov.UK, if you do take liquids in your hand luggage, containers must hold "no more than 100ml" and must be "in a single, transparent, resealable plastic bag, which holds no more than a litre and measures approximately 20cm x 20cm". Contents must fit comfortably inside the bag so it can be sealed, and the bag must not be knotted or tied at the top. Passengers are limited to one plastic bag per person and this must be shown to staff at the airport security point. Mr Stewart said: “Before you arrive at the airport, separate all of your 100ml liquids into a small travel bag that’ll be easily accessible when you reach security. "Don’t worry if it’s not clear, you’ll be able to quickly transfer the contents into the sealable plastic bag that the airport provides.”