Robin Parkinson, who played Monsieur Ernest Leclerc in 'Allo 'Allo! And Lieutenant Wood in Dad’s Army, has died at the age of 92, surrounded by his loved ones. His family released a statement today announcing the sad news. The actor, whose real name was Christopher and middle name was Robin, was a familiar face in the comedy world in the 1970s and 1980s, playing Monsieur Leclerc in the BBC sitcom 'Allo 'Allo! from series seven. A statement issued on behalf of his family read: "Robin Parkinson, actor, known for 'Allo 'Allo and as the voice of Button Moon, has died peacefully at the age of 92 with his wife and daughters by his side." Robin’s career spanned more than four decades in film, theatre and television including a number of TV series such as Girls About Town, The Many Wives Of Patrick, The Young Ones and Rising Damp. He also reprised his 'Allo 'Allo! role as Monsieur Ernest Leclerc for the West End stage version and tour of Australia in the 1990s. Robin featured in theatrical productions, with his first professional appearance being in the Birmingham Repertory Theatre production of The Imperial Nightingale. This was followed by performances at the Belgrade Theatre in his native Coventry and multiple West End productions. The actor was also well known as the voice of children's TV series Button Moon and for the 1980s TV adverts for Tunes and Babycham. His daughter, Sarah Parkinson, was married to comedian Paul Merton until her death from breast cancer in 2003, aged 41. Have i Got News for You star Paul issued a statement at the time which said: "After her initial devastating diagnosis of cancer in February 2002 Sarah successfully lived with the disease for the next 19 months. "She refused chemotherapy because she knew it would finish her off. Instead, she boosted her immune system with a mixture of nutritional therapy, yoga, meditation, positive thinking and laughter. "Consequently she led a full and active life right up to the last couple of weeks when her condition suddenly worsened." In Rising Damp, Robin played Desmond, the love interest of Miss Jones. DON'T MISS...Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [TWITTER] Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE] Dan Walker issues apology over Strictly partner Nadiya's warning [ADMISSION] Eric Chappell, who wrote the show, died last month aged 88. In 2018, 26 years since the BBC stopped airing 'Allo 'Allo!, some of the cast reunited in character for Gloucester Goes Retro Festival. Vicki Michelle, who played Yvette Carte-Blanche, joined Richard Gibson as Gestapo Officer Herr Flick, Kim Hartman as Private Helga Geerhart, and Guy Siner as Lieutenant Gruber. Missing from the beaming photographs was Gorden Kay, who played cafe owner René Artois, as he died in January 2017 aged 75. It had been suggested the BBC stopped making new episodes of the World War II comedy because of its portrayal of Nazis. A source claimed to The Sun the broadcaster blamed political correctness and feared characters like Herr Flick would cause offence. But a BBC source denied these claims, adding: "If we were 'too PC' we wouldn't have brought back Till Death Us Do Part." They also pointed out repeats of the show were airing "without any fuss".