In the past females were pushed down the line of succession following the birth of a male relative. However, the Princess, who turned seven yesterday, was able to keep her position as fourth in line to the throne due to recent changes to the Succession to the Crown Act 2013.  It states: "In determining the succession to the Crown, the gender of a person born after October 28, 2011, does not give that person, or that person’s descendants, precedence over any other person (whenever born)." If the changes hadn’t been brought in, Charlotte would have been relegated down to fifth in line to the throne with Louis taking her spot. However, her older brother Prince George could have made all the headlines for himself if he'd been born a girl. This is because the Succession to the Crown Act 2013 meant William and Kate's first born would go on to become king or queen, whatever their gender.  George is third in line to the throne after his father William and grandfather Charles with Prince Harry being sixth in line to the throne after Louis. Charlotte is the Cambridges’ middle child and is known for her confident and cheeky personality. All three Cambridge children have largely grown up away from the spotlight only appearing in public at certain royal events. These have included Trooping the Colour, Easter Church services and Prince Phillip’s memorial at Westminster Abbey. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's Netflix Jubilee plans ruined  However, according to reports, the children could take a starring role in next month's Platinum Jubilee festivities. According to the Telegraph it is likely that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will only confirm their children’s attendance at events at the last minute. The trio have accompanied their mother to the Chelsea Flower Show in the past. Therefore, they could accompany the Duchess of Cambridge to Superbloom: the Tower of London project to flood the moat with flowers, complete with a slide. DON'T MISS:  Radio host slams Meghan Markle 'friend' for savaging Duchess [REVEAL] Harry's biographer hits out at Duke 'manipulating' Jubilee party [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's Netflix Jubilee plans ruined [SPOTLIGHT]  It’s also possible that they will attend the Trooping the Colour, making their debut in the traditional carriages. Louis, the youngest of the Cambridge children, is the same age as Prince William when he rode in a carriage at Trooping the Colour. Four-year-old William rode with his mother Diana and the Queen Mother in 1987. They will also appear with their parents on the Buckingham Palace balcony, according to reports in The Telegraph. It is less clear if other members of the Royal Family, such as the Duke of York and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, will be appearing at the festivities. 