At the start of June commemorations will be held across the British Isles to mark Queen Elizabeth II passing 70 years of service. Her Majesty is the first serving monarch to reach the milestone, with her historic feat being recognised by an extra long bank holiday weekend for Brits. Buckingham Palace has announced that several tours will be taking place between Thursday, June 2 and Sunday, June 5. Among the Royals taking part are Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to celebrate the Queen reigning for seven decades. The duo will spend some of the bank holiday weekend visiting Wales. READ MORE: 'Dangerous content' Harry issues warning for Archie and Lilibet  Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will take a trip abroad to Northern Ireland. And Princess Anne will head north of the border to visit Scotland. All members of the monarchy will attend public events to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Meanwhile, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are likely to remain in London and attend events over the four-day weekend. At present, it’s not clear which engagements Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex will participate in.   Earlier this month Harry and Meghan said that they were “excited and honoured” to attend the commemorations for the monarch’s milestone in June with their children Archie and Lilibet. In March, William and Kate completed a tour of the Caribbean to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. Altogether they visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. Other Royal Family tours which have also already taken place in 2022 include: DON'T MISS: Dr Shola slams Alan Titchmarsh comparing Queen to Nelson Mandela [WATCH]Consumers face 'energy bill SHOCK' in direct debit payments [ANALYSIS]White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [NEWS] For her Diamond Jubilee celebrations, in 2012, the Queen and Prince Philip made an extensive tour of the country over a three-month period. However, this time around her Majesty will not be completing a tour around the UK. In recent months the 96-year-old has suffered with mobility issues and endured a bout of Covid. Last week she was unable to attend the opening of parliament and was instead replaced by Prince Charles.  Since ascending to the throne in 1952 her Majesty has only missed three sessions of parliament, including her most recent absence. For the 2022 celebrations, the Palace has announced a gathering on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the Trooping the Colour ceremony will be limited to just working Royals. The event is due to take place on Thursday, June 2 and is expected to feature 18 members of the Royal Family. But Harry and Meghan have been omitted from the line-up after the pair gave up official Royal duties two years ago. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." At the service of thanksgiving on Friday, June 3 there will be no ceremonial journey made to St Paul’s Cathedral. The Queen will also use a different entrance rather than scaling the steep steps. 