Tap to Tody star Stacey Solomon has sparked a frenzy after sharing a series of snaps of herself and her fiance Joe Swash dressed up ahead of the BAFTA TV Awards this evening. Fans of the Loose Women panellist, 32, were left convinced that the couple had secretly tied the knot and admitted to thinking that her post was a wedding announcement. However, after reading Stacey's poignant caption about being nominated for a BAFTA, they realised that the pair had not yet made it down the aisle. It comes as Stacey's show Sort Your Life Out was nominated for a BAFTA in the Features category. Before heading to the glitzy event this evening, the mother-of-four shared a series of snaps with her beau while dressed up to the nines. Stacey wrote: "Here we go... Off to the Baftas with my best friend. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady "Couldn’t do any of it without you. "Never felt so nervous & proud," she added alongside a heart. Stacey went on: "No matter what I’m so grateful to even have been nominated. Never ever ever did I think I’d be saying that. "Thank you all for your constant kindness and support "To the moon and back. Happy Sunday everyone. "Lots of love from your bafta nominated neat freak," she ended the post. The first snap showed the happy couple gazing lovingly at each other as they posed in the grounds of Pickle Cottage. Stacey wore a stunning, cream coloured jumpsuit which looked straight out of the pages of a bridal magazine. DON'T MISS... Geri Horner chats to David Beckham after 'skipping Brooklyn's wedding' [UPDATE]Dennis Waterman dead: New Tricks and Minder star dies aged 74 [BREAKING]Janette Manrara addresses behind the scenes struggles of BAFTAs [ANALYSIS] Featuring wide, flowing trousers, the top half featured thin straps going over the star's shoulders as well as a deep v-neck design. But it was the detailed, pearl-beaded overlay which captured the most attention and elevated the look. Meanwhile, Joe had opted for a classic look and appeared dapper in a suit, white shirt and bowtie. Following her post, Stacey's fans rushed to the comments to share they thought it a very different announcement. The Great British Bake Off star Laura Adlington wrote: "Genuinely thought you’d got married!!! You look stunning. Have the best time xxx." @victoriablundell1980 replied: "I did too! I thought that was their wedding outfits! They both look great!." The One Show host Angela Scanlon agreed, commenting: "WEDDING vibes" alongside a heart face emoji. Instagram user @wendy_quinn18 added: "When I saw this pic on my watch screen I thought you’d got married, perfect pair, enjoy xx." @insideournewbuild wrote: "I thought you’d got married for a minute! Stunning," while @missquinne_0808 chipped in: "Ngl I thought this was a surprise wedding announcement yous look so good, enjoy and good luck x." (sic)