Later this year, Jay Blades and the rest of The Repair Shop team will open its barn doors to launch Edinburgh’s TV Festival. Producers Ricochet will create the special session to mark the fifth anniversary of the hit BBC show that has transformed itself from a daytime programme to a must-see primetime show. Over the past five years, The Repair Shop has cemented itself as one of BBC One’s most loved programmes. Managing Director of Ricochet, Joanna Ball, said: “I am so proud of The Repair Shop and the incredible team, both on and off-screen, that lovingly craft the programme. “We are looking forward to fixing some items for some TV legends and bringing the magic of the barn to the TV Festival.” Creative Director, TV Festival, Stewart Clarke, added: “We are beyond thrilled to have The Repair Shop as the opening entertainment session at this year’s festival. Read more: Jay Blades' Repair Shop co-star's role in his engagement to fiancée “I love the format and, as we return to an in-person festival, this is the perfect opening entertainment piece.” Over the years, Jay and the host of experts have created Comic Relief and Children in Need specials, four Christmas specials and a Jubilee celebration. The Edinburgh TV Festival special will feature the restoration of some unique items in the usual fashion. It will also include some behind-the-scenes production secrets. Syeda Irtizaali, Portfolio Editor, BBC One, BBC Two & BBC Four, noted: “There is a magical quality to The Repair Shop. “Its heady mix of warmth and escapism combined with expert craftsmanship has been a huge hit for BBC One and we are so proud we can extend that magic to the TV Festival." The Repair Shop first aired on BBC Two in 2017 before moving across to BBC One. Meanwhile, earlier this month, host Jay opened up on the request he makes of his co-stars ahead of each series airing. DON'T MISSJay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode' [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Chris Shaw leaves guest in tears over restoration [VIDEO]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [INTERVIEW] During an appearance on This Morning, Jay shared his joy at the show returning for a ninth series. "I am unbelievably excited,” he said. “Well, the whole team is excited for us to be back because we have been filming during lockdown. "I could not wait for all of you to see it and I am so glad you all got to last night. "The stories, the items, the repairs, it's just phenomenal." Continuing, Jay addressed the show’s success: “We've got over 600 years of experience between us in the barn so we are quite safe with regards to fixing things which come through the door. "Having those kinds of figures [seven million] does have a responsibility and we don't want to become the same old show. "So every year I ask the team in front of and behind the camera to give 60 percent more [each series]. "So that means to push ourselves to repair something we have not done before and for this series, you are going to see that - it's unbelievable." The Repair Shop continues on BBC One on Wednesday at 8pm.