The Turkish leader said talks with the two countries about joining the Western alliance were not at the "expected level" as he says he cannot say yes to "terrorism-supporting" countries. The objection by Turkey is expected to hold up a deal that would allow for an expansion of NATO following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. All 30 NATO members must approve plans to enlarge the military alliance. Mr Erdogan told reporters last week: "For as long as Tayyip Erdogan is the head of the Republic of Turkey, we definitely cannot say 'yes' to countries which support terrorism entering NATO". Sweden and Finland have reportedly refused to extradite members of the banned Kurdish Workers' Party PKK, which is considered a "terrorist organisation" in Turkey.  According to Turkish media, the extradition list also includes the anti-government publisher Ragip Zarakolu, who lives in Sweden. The objection is also believed to be because the countries' halted arms exports to Ankara in 2019. Despite Erdogan's comments, Sweden and Finland have said they condemn terrorism and welcomed the possibility of coordinating with Ankara. The Turkish President also said Turkey wanted to see an end to the war between Russia and Ukraine as soon as possible, but that the situation was becoming more negative each day.  READ MORE: Turkey considers using Nato expansion talks to end Cyprus dispute  He said: "On Monday, I will have phone calls with both Russia and Ukraine. We will continue to encourage the parties to operate channels of dialogue and diplomacy". Representatives from both Sweden and Finland met with the Erdogan on Wednesday to try and resolve Turkey's opposition to their NATO applications. Both countries were hoping for a quick accession process as they look to increase their security following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Prior to the meeting, Turkey outlines five conditions for it to back Sweden's membership. DON'T MISS:  Putin on alert as Poland orders five HUNDRED rocket launchers [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin breaks silence on Putin health fears [LIVE]‘Catastrophic’ chemical weapons are not a ‘red line’ for the West [ANALYSIS]   According to a list published by the president’s directorate of communications, the conditions demand that Sweden lift sanctions against Turkey, including an arms export embargo, end “political support for terrorism”, eliminate sources of terrorism financing and halt arms support to the PKK and its armed Syrian offshoot YPG. It comes after Erdogan announced that Turkey would soon launch a new military operation in northern Syria to create a 19-mile "security zone" along the border. Regarding the military offensive, Turkey has said the US must fulfil its duty in the fight against terrorism and if it does not, the country warns they will take care of things. Erdogan repeated a frequently voiced threat - the Turkish military could suddenly strike at night. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.