In one of the most widely circulated clips of the conflict in Ukraine, a recording of the heroic Snake Island defenders telling a Russian warship to “go f*ck yourself!” became a viral sensation and became a poignant symbol of Ukrainian people fighting against the incursion by Moscow. The island is now making headlines once again after Ukraine launched a brace attack on Russian forces that now control the Snake Island. In recent days, Ukrainian forces began an audacious attack on the now Russian occupied island. Aerial footage, for which their is no exact date, filmed by a nearby drone shows Ukrainian Su-27 fighter jets firing rockets at buildings held by the Russians. Two Su-27s enter very low from the south of the island and drop what appear to be high-drag bombs, scoring direct hits on the main complex and buildings on the eastern side. After the initial strikes there appear to be at least two major secondary explosions. READ MORE: UK to spend another £1.3billion on high-tech kit to help Ukraine It is believed the Ukrainian fighters have caused serious damage or have completely destroyed a missile bunker or a fuel storage unit, along with the island’s main complex. Kyiv said in a statement on Saturday that an armed drone had destroyed a Serna-class landing craft and a missile defence system at Snake Island. At this stage it is unknown whether anyone has died in the bombings, or whether Ukraine has managed to take back control of the island. The Russian defence ministry is yet to confirm the attack. It was originally thought that the 13 sailors based on the Black Sea isle were killed when Russian forces opened fire. Eventually it emerged that they had all survived the attack, and were captured by the Russians. They were later exchanged in a prisoner swap, in exchange for 11 Russian civilian sailors. DON'T MISSBritain's top general slams cuts to Army in face of Russia threat [INSIGHT]Putin's allies: Superyacht impounded - full list of yachts seized [ANALYSIS]Nuclear war ‘likeliest since Sixties’ after Russia threats [REPORT] Roman Hrybov, the Ukrainian border guard who told the Russian warship to “go f*ck yourself” was awarded with a medal for his services in March. Ukraine’s defence ministry tweeted at the time: “Roman Hrybov, the author of the famous ‘Russian Warship, Go F*** Yourself’ phrase, returned from Russian captivity to his native Cherkasy region. Glory to the Hero! #GlorytoUkraine.” In the widely circulated radio exchange, a Russian voice is heard saying: "This is a Russian warship. "I propose you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and unnecessary victims. Otherwise you will be bombed." Snake Island is an uninhabited but strategically important strip of land in the Black Sea, about 186 miles west of annexed Crimea.