Charles Leclerc has not had a good time of it at his home track in Monaco and the Ferrari driver's bad luck continued when he crashed one of the most iconic Ferrari's in F1 history on Sunday. The 2022 Monaco Historic Grand Prix had around 200 cars running throughout the weekend, celebrating cars throughout the years.  A host of drivers from the past took to the famous track with the likes of Roberto Moreno and Michael Lyons running throughout the day. Leclerc was given the honour of racing around in Lauda's 1974 Ferrari F1 car around the Monaco track. But disaster struck as Leclerc appeared to lose the rear end of the car heading into La Rascasse. The 24-year-old then skidded backwards into the barriers, damaging the iconic F1's rear end. Leclerc sat still in the cockpit before driving away from the incident slowly and inspected the brakes when he got out the car. And he made fun of the crash later on, mocking his own record at Monaco.  He tweeted: "When you thought you already had all the bad luck of the world in Monaco and you lose the brakes into rascasse with one of the most iconic historical Ferrari Formula 1 car." The 1974 Ferrari was Lauda's debut season in F1 where he recorded an impressive nine pole positions. But reliability issues for the Ferrari prevented Lauda from mounting a serious challenge for the title that season. Lauda went on to win his first F1 world title a year later before picking up two more in 1977 and 1984. The Austrian stayed in F1 long after his retirement, taking on a managerial position at Ferrari from 1993 to 2001.  He then joined Mercedes in 2012 and played a key role in bringing Lewis Hamilton to the Silver Arrows before he passed away in May 2019. Leclerc has had regular bad luck at the Monaco Grand Prix dating all the way back to his debut in F1. The Monacan crashed out on his debut F1 race in Monaco while at Sauber before having to retire from the 2019 race with Ferrari. The 2021 race looked to be Leclerc's turning point in his home race after taking pole position. But a crash in the final minutes of Q3 resulted in Leclerc being unable to start Sunday's race after a failure in the left driveshaft was detected. He'll be hoping for better fortunes this year in his battle with Max Verstappen for the 2022 world championship.