Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz Fletcher has revealed that she and her husband of seven years have welcomed twin boys today with a sweet announcement on Instagram. In view of her 87,600 followers, Liz shared the happy news. She wrote: "They are here!! "My heart is filled with so much love and gratitude," she added. Coronation Street star Brooke Vincent left a row of heart face emojis. Instagram user @marieslattery54 wrote: "Congratulations Liz and kelvin and kids on your new arrivals," alongside heart emojis "Congratulations to you all, so happy for you xx," penned @annksav. While @treaneygram added: "How wonderful! Congratulations to you all!" The couple married in a romantic ceremony in November 2015 and had known each other since they were children. Kelvin and Liz share two other children together, Marnie and Milo, who were born following their nuptials. Earlier this year, Kelvin announced that Liz was pregnant for a third time. He said: "We just recently found out, to add another curveball if you like. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan growing ‘more and more concerned about Queen's health' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, daringly flashes leg in skirt with VERY high split [ANALYSIS]Carol Vorderman shows off incredible curves in slinky skintight dress [UPDATE] "We don't really do things by halves and then we found out we're having not just one baby, but two!" he said to the BBC.The couple have shared their efforts at attempting to revive a 120-acre farm in the Peak District with their fans on BBC's Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure.The pair previously spoke to BBC Radio 2's Zoe Ball, where Liz candidly admitted that her spouse had to "persuade her".Zoe asked The Strictly Come Dancing winner's wife: "Liz, when Kelvin suggested this idea did you think it was madness? "Were you up for the challenge immediately, or did you need some persuading Liz?" The mother-of-four admitted that she wasn't initially onboard. Liz said: "There was a bit of persuading in there, definitely. "Kelvin had these ambitious ideas and you just kind of think, 'Oh, what now?'" she added, before revealing that it didn't take much to get her onboard with the idea.