Germany has been criticised for its sluggish response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and has been accused of attempting to limit the impact economic and political sanctions on its economy. Mr Scholz’s coalition Government has faced criticism from Ukraine over its refusal to loan it old tanks. Speaking at the World Economic Forum yesterday, the German Chancellor described the invasion as a “thunderbolt”, and that “a major nuclear power is behaving as if it had the right to redraw borders”. He reiterated: “For the first time ever, Germany is supplying arms to a war zone – including heavy weapons. “To my mind, if one thing is clear, it is that Putin will only seriously negotiate a peace when he realises that he cannot break Ukraine’s defences.” Yet whereas the UK has been cooperating militarily with Ukraine since the annexation of Crimea, and began sending defensive anti-tank weapons in January, there have been complaints about the weaponry sent by Germany. READ MORE: Desperate Putin sending ‘vulnerable’ 50-year-old tanks into Ukraine In April, German newspaper Bild claimed that the “industry list” created with the Ukrainian Government of military equipment requests had been “consolidated” by Mr Scholz to exclude essential items. Marie-Agnes Strack-Zimmermann, the chair of the Bundestag’s defence committee, responded that Germany was “still lagging behind” other nations on weapons deliveries. After Ukraine requested a hundred Marder tanks while it awaited refurbished ones it had bought, Markus Laubenthal, Germany’s deputy chief of staff, claimed that if the German Government did so it would limit Germany’s own defensive capabilities. He commented at the time: “We would no longer be able to react to eventualities, and that would significantly weaken our defensive capability.” The Ukrainian ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, said that Germany had 400 of the tanks Ukraine had requested, and that the excuse was “incomprehensible”. Speaking to Bild following Mr Scholz’s speech in Davos, Mr Melnyk criticised the German leader for not offering Ukrainians anything new, despite the strong rhetoric. He said: “Militarily, Ukraine is simply abandoned by Berlin.” Whereas Germany was hurting Russia, it was not helping Ukraine. Mr Melnyk added: “In Kyiv, one had hoped to hear from this speech what steps the traffic light coalition would take to support us massively – so that Ukraine would win this war. DON'T MISSRussia claims UK on 'brink of cannibalism' as Brits brace 'starvation' [INSIGHT]Russia expert lets mask slip as he admits Ukraine forces 'very strong' [VIDEO]'Dramatic increase' EU red tape unravels as fruit STILL full of toxins [ANALYSIS] “Unfortunately, it was a non-event, especially in terms of immediate delivery of heavy weapons from Germany to stifle the giant offensive of the Russians in the Donbas.” Attacking Mr Scholz directly, Mr Melnyk said that the “leadership and courage are lacking to do this”. Mr Scholz has faced some tough polls in Germany recently, which show voters typically view him as not being a particularly strong leader. He has been derisorily referred to as the “Scholzomat” for his uninspiring leadership style, and his alarming words about the Russian President have prompted claims he is trying to bolster his political image. In response to claims that Russia was a great power, Jürgen Hardt, the CDU’s foreign policy spokesperson, said: “Putin has isolated and dwarfed Russia. Russia is not a great power.” Meanwhile Elmar Brok, a former chairman of the EU’s foreign affairs committee, replied: “Scholz is deliberately playing on fear of Putin and nuclear bombs – to stage himself as the saviour from a nuclear war.” Ukraine has been one of several former Soviet nations to apply to become new members of the EU since the invasion began. Whereas the move received warm words of support from the EU at the time, Mr Melnyk said that currently there were “unfortunately no encouraging signals to the Ukrainians” on that front. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg