Chelsea are reportedly considering a swoop for Raheem Sterling if they are able to sell one of a trio of players Thomas Tuchel is keen to move on. The Blues are set to be officially taken over by American businessman Todd Boehly imminently. And according to The Telegraph, Boehly is 'ready to hand' Tuchel a transfer warchest of £200million for this summer's window. It is stated that the new owners want to send a 'clear signal' that they are serious about turning Chelsea into title contenders. Boehly is 'determined' to follow his manager's wishes and act quickly, with the Blues boss making it clear he 'needs to look at attack'. But any arrivals in that position will likely be decided by departures. In particular, Tuchel is said to be hoping to find a new home for Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic. All three are described as being 'open' to leaving Stamford Bridge, having underwhelmed since arriving at the Blues. READ MORE: Chelsea can target four players as Nkunku Plan B with star not keen It is stated that selling 'one or all' of that trio would see Chelsea 'consider' a move for Raheem Sterling. The Englishman only has a year left on his contract at Manchester City and could leave the Etihad Stadium this summer. While Tottenham and Arsenal are both said to be interested in the winger, the Blues would likely be a 'more attractive' option. Tuchel's side appear to be the best placed to challenge Liverpool and City for the Premier League title, which would make them a more enticing landing spot for Sterling. DON'T MISS: Chelsea boss Tuchel makes big Boehly demand to keep 'competitive' (NEWS)Chelsea chief Granovskaia's four tasks to complete after PL conclusion (INSIGHT)Tuchel needs Lampard treatment when the Boehly era begins at Chelsea (ANALYSIS) Sterling scored 13 goals and notched six assists to help City to win their fourth title in five years this term. His performances have been a marked contrast to those of Werner, Ziyech and Pulisic. All three have struggled badly to live up to their hefty price tags, with Tuchel putting them towards the bottom of his pecking order. Selling them to strengthen his transfer kitty appears an increasingly likely scenario.