Memories of the 61-year-old's brilliant turn with pop group Bucks Fizz will no doubt ring out across the nation this evening, as the UK attempts to somehow win Eurovision again. Bucks Fizz cemented their place in British folklore by winning the Europe-wide singing competition in 1981, beating then-rivals Germany to the title by four points. The UK, which has entered Eurovision 63 times, has won the competition five times, most recently in 1997 with the song Love Shine a Light, performed by Katrina and the Waves. But while Ms Aston made a name for herself by claiming votes across Europe to win the coveted crown, three years ago the singer was aiming to collect a different type of vote as a candidate for the Brexit Party. Ms Aston was selected as a parliamentary candidate for anti-EU godfather Nigel Farage's then-political party, the Brexit Party. Her announcement sent waves across music and politics, with the leader confirming she would run in the general election to become MP for London's Kensington seat. She was among the first batch of 635 "approved candidates" that would make up the party's inaugural attempt at gaining Westminster seats. Ms Aston demanded the UK leave the EU, as promised after 2016's historic Brexit referendum. At the time, disastrous attempts were made by former Prime Minister Theresa May to ensure the UK quit the bloc for good, causing more tension across the nation. The likes of the Brexit Party were determined to carry out the will of the people, and vowed to make sure Brexit would be completed. Speaking after her candidacy was announced, Ms Aston said: "I want to stand for the Brexit Party and fight to uphold democracy for the sake of the people." JUST IN: Scott Mills admits he was petrified of winners Bucks Fizz The singer added: "As an MP, I will work to rebuild trust and help the Brexit Party make the necessary reforms to unite the country after we break free of the European Union." Unfortunately for the Making Your Mind Up star, the vote didn't go to plan for her, or indeed her party. Ms Aston came fifth in the election, securing a meagre 384 votes, which represented 0.9 percent of the constituency's electorate. The Brexit Party claimed no seats either, as Boris Johnson's mandate to "get Brexit done" resounded with the public, and won him a huge majority in Westminster. DON'T MISS:Jay Aston breaks down in tears recalling daughter's meningitis battle [INSIGHT]Bucks Fizz's Jay Aston's daughter hospitalised amid meningitis battle [LATEST]Bucks Fizz's Cheryl Baker on heartbreak over friend Anna Karen's death [ANALYSIS] Reflecting on her career in 2018, Ms Aston discussed the troubles she'd had recovering after living-saving treatment for mouth cancer. The Kent-based legend told the BBC that part of her tongue had to be removed as a result of surgery. Prior to the operation, Ms Aston had been performing under the guise of The Fizz, alongside original bandmates Cheryl and Mike Nolan. She said: "I've been through a lot and it has made me strong." This year, the UK's representative Sam Ryder is among the early favourites to win the Eurovision. His song, Space Man, is second favourite to win with bookies, behind Ukraine, and their entry Stefania by the Kalush Orchestra. The 2022 edition of the show is being held in Turin, Italy, after the nation claimed last year's title. According to the Evening Standard, Mr Ryder has described himself as being a "fan of Eurovision since I was a kid", and noting the "honour" it was to "sing at the event". He added: "I hope to sing my head off in a way the UK can be proud of, and to showcase a song I wrote with my friends last summer makes the whole experience even more special. "See you in Turin legends!” Eurovision airs today on BBC One from 8pm.