The May bank holiday takes place every year on the first Monday of the month, affecting business opening hours across the country. Supermarkets are just some of the many retailers which will operate with reduced hours today, but exactly when will some of the nation’s most popular shops actually be open? These are bank holiday opening hours for Lidl, Aldi and Sainsbury’s on Monday, May 2. People across the UK will benefit from an extra day off work today, with many retailers closing early to allow staff a longer rest to mark the bank holiday. Whether you’re planning to have loved ones over to enjoy the final day of the long weekend, or you're simply in need of a few essentials, supermarkets have everything you need - but which ones are actually open? From Aldi to Sainsbury’s, these are the opening hours you need to know to plan your bank holiday Monday. READ MORE: UK weather: Britons face Bank Holiday freeze as chilly blast hits  There are 919 Lidl stores dotted across the UK, offering shoppers plenty of budget-friendly options for their weekly shop and even the bank holiday essentials. Today, most stores will be open from 8am to 8pm - though the retailer has recommended using its store locator to double check the opening hours for your nearest Lidl. All you need to do is enter your postcode and the site will reveal the exact times for the branches closest to your address. While not all stores will be opening from 8am to 8pm, you should expect reduced hours across all Lidl supermarkets today. The supermarket giant will be open today, though the popular retailer will be operated with reduced hours. On their website, Aldi states that most stores will be open from 8am to 8pm. Opening hours in Scotland remain unchanged, though the reduced trading times still apply to England, Wales and Northern Ireland. You can double check Aldi opening hours near you using their store finder tool. Like most supermarkets, the budget retailer’s trading times will return to normal from Tuesday, May 3. DON'T MISS:Traffic chaos expected for bank holiday weekend with 16m hitting roads [INSIGHT]Eid al-Fitr 2022 start and end: Key dates you need to know [REVEALMet Office forecast 'heavy' rain as Brits brace for weekend washout [ANALYSIS] Known as one of the ‘the big four’, Sainsbury's stores attract millions of shoppers every day to stores across the nation. This supermarket giant operates both super-sized shops and smaller stores known as Sainsbury’s Local - but how do the opening times differ today? The majority of Sainsbury's supermarkets in England, Wales and Northern Ireland will be open between 8am and 8pm. Branches in Scotland will benefit from normal opening hours in most cases. Sainsbury’s Local stores will be open at different hours, and as always, your nearest shop may operate different times altogether. To avoid being caught out, it is best to check using the online store locator before making your way to your local Sainsbury's store. 