Apple has given an update on its latest iPhone sales figures, and it doesn't make good reading for Android. Apple CEO Tim Cook has revealed that in the first three months of 2022 Apple saw an increase in the number of people switching from Android to iPhone, with "strong" growth in this area. Not only that, but there was a "record" level of people upgrading their iPhone to newer iOS devices. Cook revealed the news in an interview with CNBC, which came as Apple celebrated its revenue growing almost nine percent year-on-year. The Apple boss said: "We had a record level of upgraders during the quarter and we grew switchers, strong double digits". The news may come as a blow to Google who just recently rolled out a new app which makes it easier than ever before to move from iPhone to Android. The Switch to Android app is available to download from the Apple App Store, and helps guide iPhone users through the process of ditching iOS for the Google-made OS. Explaining what to expect from the app, Google says: "The Switch to Android app from Google helps you quickly and securely move your most important data types – photos, videos, contacts, and calendar events — to a brand new Android device without fussy cables.  "The app also walks you through other important steps to setting up your device, like turning off iMessage so you don’t miss text messages from friends and family. "The app will ask you for a series of permissions so that your iPhone’s data can be moved to your Android device." Google could face a fight trying to tempt iPhone users over at the moment though, with Apple's smartphones posting strong sales figures. In the most recent quarter, Apple's iPhone business grew also by over five percent, which is a sign the iPhone 13 line continues to sell well.  However, one thing that could impact upcoming sales are supply levels. Apple's shares recently fell by almost four percent after exec Luca Maestri warned of a number of challenges facing the tech giant, such as Covid 19-related supply contraints which could impact sales by between $4billion and $8billion. Cook, for his part, added that Apple was "not immune" to supply chain challenges. 