The manufacturer’s new Emira GT4 car is the first model to come from Lotus’ vehicle and experimental division, which was launched earlier this year. Packing 400bhp from a Toyota-made engine, the orders for this year are already sold out. The launch followed Lotus’ announcement last September that they would make a GT version of the Emira race car. Order books for the GT4 opened when the announcement was made with a price starting at £165,000. Following the growing demand, Lotus plans on increasing production for 2023. The demonstration took place during the opening of the Chapman Production Centre, a new sports car manufacturing facility, which has been named in honour of the company's co-founder, Colin Chapman. READ MORE: Shocked driver finds secret second use for car grab handle The new sub-assembly centre, which is located in Hethel on the outskirts of Norwich, is part of a £100m investment Lotus has poured into its UK locations. It has the capacity to build around 5,000 cars a year and uses automation to ensure consistent high-quality finish for its vehicles. As with all its Norwich sites, the centre is powered by 100 percent renewable electricity. Along with updating its facilities, investment into its UK sites has seen the car firm more than double its workforce since 2017, including creating hundreds of jobs in Norfolk. The GT4 is racetrack ready, built from forged aluminium and sitting on 18-inch wheels and Pirelli GT4 tyres. An FIA-approved six-point roll cage is paired with an FIA-compliant seat with a six-point harness. It has a huge rear wing and electronic fire-suppression system should anyone come a cropper on a hairpin bend. The car also packs a six-speed sequential transmission with paddle shifters and a limited-slip differential. Gavan Kershaw, Director of Vehicle Attributes at Lotus and a former British GT Championship winner, has been heavily involved in the Emira GT4 development. He said: “We knew we had an excellent starting point for the Emira GT4 because of all the work done to make the road car such a great performer. “Showing off the GT4’s dynamic capabilities on the Hethel test track – which has shaped countless race cars and their drivers since Lotus moved to the site in 1966 – is a very special moment for me and all the team involved.” Richard Selwin, Race Programme Manager, Lotus, added: "We're delighted with how the Emira GT4 programme has progressed. “We have an appealing spec and a level of performance that's going to thrill both customers and spectators around the world." Meanwhile, the global luxury car market doubled over the last decade from £200billion to £480billion according to Statista, and experts think there is still value in investing. Although many manufacturers struggled through the COVID-19 pandemic due to parts shortages, luxury brands mostly posted all-time record sales. That included Rolls Royce, Mercedes Benz and Ferrari as affluent buyers took advantage of having extra money to spend. In the US, in extreme examples, dealers are charging 20 or 30 percent on top of the recommended retail price for high-end luxury cars.