The Set for Life draw could provide one lucky Briton with three decades of financial support from today. Tonight, the National Lottery splits from its usual lump-sum structure, but could potentially see people win much more. The draw commences in just over an hour, and has millions of pounds in total hanging in the balance. Set for Life promises monthly five-figure payouts rather than the traditional lone multi-million payout. Winners claim £10,000 every month for 30 years, which amounts to approximately £3,600,000 in total, or £120,000 a year. People will need five numbers and a "Life Ball" to win the jackpot tonight. READ MORE: EuroMillions winners named after securing £184MN jackpot The time to apply has now passed, as the draw closed at 7.30pm. Today's Set for Life numbers were released around 8.30pm today, with the main numbers of 02, 06, 21, 24 and 25. The "Life Ball" was 05, which people need to secure the whole jackpot. Those who didn't win tonight can still claim one of eight runner up prizes. The following prizes are up for grabs tonight: Five numbers and a life ball: £10,000 every month for 30 years Five numbers: £10,000 every month for one year Four numbers and the life ball: £250 Four numbers: £50 Three numbers and the life ball: £30 Three numbers: £20 Two numbers and the life ball: £10 Two numbers: £5 Today's results will come just under a week after the National Lottery handed two lucky winners its biggest payout in history. On May 19, the lottery organisers announced that Joe and Jess Thwaite from Gloucester had won £184,262,899. They secured the sum from a EuroMillions draw on May 10, and won via the National Lottery app. The couple disclosed their plans with the payout in an interview with the organisation. Ms Thwaite said: “The win gives us time to dream which we haven’t had before. "We’ve had one week to think about this and we now have time to share lots of experiences and go on adventures with our family and friends.” Mr Thwaite added: “I have been working hard and then doing DIY on the house and you realise that you are missing out on family time. This win gives us time. "From 5am each day we are chasing our tails until we go to bed. Just like any family, the diary is always full and the job list is long. We don’t have money for family days out or holidays and we want to use our good fortune to spend more time together making memories and going on adventures.” 