First look images of the Sky Atlantic series show Branagh as Johnson as he strolls around a garden with wife Carrie (played by Ophelia Lovibond). Branagh is unrecognisable as he has completely transformed into the Prime Minister with his signature messy blonde hair. Several snaps from the series have been released with one showing Johnson leaving a butchers and confronted with cameras. The Prime Minister looks stunned as he faces the press who want answers about Brexit and Covid-19. Another shot appears to show Johnson with his pregnant wife Carrie as she expects their first child. The pair are wrapped up in navy jackets while Carrie appears to have a burgeoning baby bump. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot The third first-look shot shows Andrew Buchan who has transformed into former Health Secretary Matt Hancock. He can be seen sitting at a briefing table with a shocked look on his face and piles of paper in front of him. This England is co-written and directed by Michael Winterbottom and is based on Boris Johnson’s tumultuous first months as UK Prime Minister, traces the impact on Britain of the first wave of the Coronavirus pandemic. The drama takes viewers inside the halls of power, as Johnson grapples with Covid-19, Brexit, and a controversial personal and political life. The events in government are interwoven with stories from around the UK, from the experts and scientists racing against time to understand the virus; the doctors, nurses and care-home workers on the frontline working tirelessly and heroically to contain and overcome it; and ordinary people whose lives were thrown into turmoil. A teaser trailer accompanies the first-look images and opens with Johnson promising to lead the Tory party to a successful Brexit. “A new dawn is breaking. 2020 will be a year of prosperity,” Johnson is heard saying. DON'T MISS...Bond girl Gemma Arterton wows as she flashes flesh in backless dress [PICTURES]Huge Sky boost as customers get 'largest ever' update coming to TVs [LATEST]How to watch The Flight Attendant season 2 in the UK [EXPLAINER] But it’s not long before Covid-19 gets in the way of Johnson’s plan as he whispers: “This Covid virus we need to keep an eye on.” A number of other voices are then heard with one commenting: “500,000 deaths,” as another remarks: “That is a worst case scenario.” Johnson is heard once again stating the best thing the public can do is to “wash your hands”. It becomes clear Johnson is struggling as leader as another ominous voice says: “I have a hunch Johnson will regret securing the premiership.” Confidence in the Prime Minister is slipping as headlines are read out detailing how the UK has one of the highest death tolls. Sky viewers do have to wait a few months to see the series as it’s not expected to hit television screens until late 2022. This England is just one of many shows Sky announced as part of their 2022 slate.