Michael Sheen, 53, has welcomed his second child with long term partner Anna Lundberg, 27. The Good Omens star announced the happy news on Twitter, and while he didn’t reveal the gender, his fans are convinced they have guessed it. He posted a photo of the newborn baby clutching at his finger with their tiny hand. “And just like that....there was another monkey jumping on the bed,” he wrote. While he didn’t confirm if they had a boy or a girl, his eagle-eyed fans noticed the baby was wearing a pink and white striped babygro. They were adamant this meant they had a girl. Many of Michael’s 584.3k Twitter followers flocked to share their congratulations. Bojangles McDuff wrote: “May your baby be blessed with good health, love and laughter. Congratulations to you and Anna”. Annie Nowak penned: “Welcome to the world little one, may your path be gentle and your blessings many. “Congratulations to Mum, Dad and big sisters, thank you for sharing the wonderful news with us all.” Quinn Piper added: “Congratulations to your wife, yourself, and every monkey under your happy roof”. Michael and Anna have been together since 2019, and they welcomed their first daughter, Lyra, in the same year. He was previously in a relationship with actress Kate Beckinsale from 1995-2003, and they share daughter Lily, 23. Back in March, Michael took to social media to announce he and Anna were expecting another bundle of joy. DON'T MISS...Rebekah Vardy could be entitled to 'substantial damages' from Rooney [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [LATEST]Nine Rebekah Vardy Whatsapp bombshells from sex scandal to arrest [REVEALED] Posting a photo of her blossoming baby bump, he wrote: “It appears there may be another on the way! #AngelDelight.” The family struggled through a difficult time last year as they all battled Covid. Michael tweeted to explain he was “laying low” after the “difficult and scary” few weeks. The Prodigal Son star credited Anna, Lily, his mother Irene and sister Joanna for their unwavering support. Posting a smiling selfie, Michael wrote: “I’ve spent the last few weeks laid low by COVID. It’s been very difficult & quite scary.” Meanwhile, Anna wrote on Instagram: “Yes, we've all been dealing with THE virus the last few weeks. Michael and Lyra caught it first and then, inevitably, so did I. “It's been very challenging for all of us but luckily we're all much better now than we were. Thankfully I was lucky to only have relatively mild symptoms, which meant that I could keep focusing on Lyra and Michael. “I'm extremely grateful for our recovery and the support we've had from friends and family. X' (sic)