Millions of UK households will recieve discounts on their energy bills and grants to help them through the worst cost of living crisis in a generation. The UK is struggling through sky high inflation and energy bills that have risen by hundreds of pounds. Rishi Sunak announced new measures on Thursday to help with the crisis in a statement to the House of Commons. The Chancellor acknowledged that high inflation is causing "acute distress" for people in the country, telling MPs: "I know they are worried, I know people are struggling." He said the Government "will not sit idly by while there is a risk that some in our country might be set so far back they might never recover". Chancellor Rishi Sunak said the Government would also provide "universal" support for all households, not just those on the lowest incomes or benefits. He said: "We are meeting our responsibility to provide the most help to those on the lowest incomes. I believe that is fair and I'm confident the House will agree. "But there are many other families who do not require state support in normal times, they are also facing challenging times. Is it fair to leave them unsupported? The answer must surely be no. "While it is impossible for the Government to solve every problem we can and will ease the burden as we help the entire crisis through the worst of this crisis." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak energy bill help: How much money YOU could save A grant of £650 will be made available for eight million people on the lowest incomes. This includes all those on means tested benefits, such an Universal Credit. The money will come in two lump sums, one in July and one later in the autumn. Those eligible do not need to apply - they will automatically be sent the money when it is due. Mr Sunak the least well off and most vulnerable will get the support they need, and said the current situation will be transformed into a "springboard of opportunity". The Chancellor announced from the autumn eight million state pension households will receive an extra winter fuel payment of £300. Those on none means-tested disability benefits will receive a one off payment of £150, Mr Sunak announced. For many of those eligible, this will be in addition to the £650 grant for low income households if they also receive other benefits. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak energy bill help: How much money YOU could save [EXPLAINER]Remoaner claims 'Boris hates Treasury' as he brands Brexit 'mistake' [REPORT]“Can’t trust a word”: Nandy slams Johnson’s promised policies [INSIGHT] The Chancellor acknowledged the situation has worsened since he announced the energy bills discount earlier this year, which was effectively a £200 loan that would be paid back over a number of years. He has now doubled this to a £400 discount on bills for all households from October, and has turned it into a grant that will not need to be paid back. The grants will be funded by a windfall tax on energy companies, which have posted significantly increased profits since the energy crisis began. Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: "Our strategy is to combat and reduce inflation over time through independent monetary policy, fiscal responsibility and supply-side activism. "We are raising emergency funds to help millions of the most vulnerable families who are struggling right now. "And all households will benefit from universal support with energy bills of £400, with not a penny to repay. "In total, the measures I've announced today provide support worth £15 billion. Combined with the plans we've already announced that means we are supporting families with the cost of living with £37 billion, or 1.5 percent of GDP. "That's higher or similar than countries like France, Germany, Japan and Italy. "And I'm proud to say that around three-quarters of that total support will go to vulnerable households."