French Minister of the Interior Gerald Darmanin has suggested that Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was partly to blame for the unsavoury scenes that unfolded outside of the Stade de France before, during and after last weekend's Champions League final. Vinicius Junior's second-half strike rubber-stamped a famous win over the Reds for Real Madrid, who were firmly under the cosh for large parts of the contest but made the most of their chances to claim the honours and send Liverpool packing in spite of their best efforts. The occasion was somewhat marred, though, by the ugly scenes that took place outside the stadium with thousands of Liverpool fans being denied entry after huge queues formed outside the stadium and tear gas was used by local riot police to subdue the crowds. Darmanin has since pointed out that Klopp had urged Reds supporters to travel to Paris regardless of whether or not they had tickets in a scathing attack on the club's fans, who appeared to fall victim to the heavy-handed tactics of the French police rather than being at fault for the events that unfolded."In 2019, the final between Liverpool and Tottenham caused the same issues in Madrid," said Darmanin. "So did a final at Wembley a few years ago, there was also the Liverpool manager who called on supporters to come to France even without tickets."We found ourselves with tens of thousands of British supporters of which a section respected the rules perfectly. And a minor, but extremely lively, section which pushed the authorities. JUST IN: Arsenal on red alert as Fabian Ruiz makes Napoli contract decision "The decisions that were taken ensured that there were no deaths. The initial filtering was removed to avoid people being crushed on police cordons or on gates."Comparisons with the Olympics and the Rugby World Cup seem rather disproportionate to me, knowing that it's patently only in football with certain English clubs that these events happen."French authorities have been widely criticised in the wake of the match for failing to organise the event properly, with thousands of fans who had purchased legitimate tickets being left unable to watch the game at the Stade de France. Ian Byrne, MP for Liverpool West Derby, was left horrified by his pre-match experience in Paris and likened the occasion to the Hillsborough disaster as he reflected on what happened in an interview with Sky News. "It was horrific, there's no other word to describe it," said Byrne. "As someone who was at Hillsborough in 1989 it brought so many terrible memories flooding back."I'm sure many people who were there experienced that same flashback. It was just awful policing and stewarding, an extremely hostile atmosphere from the get-go."I think we've got to remember it was the premier football occasion in Europe and to treat football fans like animals, which they did, is unforgivable." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.