The Government is finally, and rightly supporting new nuclear to provide moderate cost, reliable electricity. This brings common sense to our energy strategy but they are similarly expanding incoherent ones - new wind and solar, the supposed carbon neutrality of cutting down trees half way around the world to be made into pellets and transported to repurposed coal-burning stations, importing coal produced electricity via interconnectors and the refusal to countenance, to date, shale gas extraction to ensure price stability and energy security. Prolonged high prices are a real prospect owing to the planned closure of our already service life extended nuclear power stations. The 1976 Hunterston B and Hinkley Point B are to close within months; the 1983 Hartlepool and Heysham 1 are to close in 2024. This will leave just Heysham 2 and Torness but these 1988 reactors are scheduled to close in 2028. The long awaited Hinkley Point C, a 3.2GW twin reactor is experiencing delays and cost overruns with a hoped for completion date of June 2027 and costs inflating from the 2016 forecast of £18Bn to £26Bn. With further delays, It is a real possibility that we will have no nuclear generation for a period in the latter part of this decade. Sizewell C and Bradwell B are yet to begin construction. Just to put this into context, the UK’s peak electricity demand is approximately 45GW. This is without the additional 100GW equivalent needed for domestic and industrial heat provided predominantly by gas and motive power provided by petrol and diesel. We’ll need a lot of new nuclear stations at £26Bn a pop to make much of a dent into our energy needs. The potential quicker and cheaper option is small modular nuclear. Rolls Royce are at the forefront of UK design with other international players similarly designing and testing. I’d like us to adopt a new and wider international approach. Just as Henry Ford revolutionised transport and brought motoring to the masses, so could a ‘Model T’ small modular reactor (SMR) bring about cheap and reliable power.A successful design could be replicated over and over allowing a scaling up in the shortest amount of time. Big one-off designs with long build times simply don’t cut it. At this time of international energy crisis, I’d recommend a wide coalition of reliable international partners from Canada to India and many more to create the new ‘Model T’ with interchangeability of parts, engineers and construction. Meeting Net Zero may also be a happy side-effect. The potential advantages of this technology means that we must give it more attention. Variable renewables like wind and solar, and the vast lobby that now protects them, have sucked in hundreds of billions of pounds of investment, capital that would be better targeted at technologies that work. The development of the Covid vaccine has shown us that when we put our minds to it, we can make huge and rapid progress. The cost-of-living crisis that we are now in is a wake-up call that we must apply the same ambition and urgency to developing small modular nuclear. Like the ‘Model T’ Ford, it could just change the world and we could all afford it.