The head of RT Margarita Simonyan told Russian audiences that a Samrat missile could destroy the coastlines of big continents. The war in Ukraine has been raging for over three months, and peace talks between the neighbouring countries have been halted. Simoyan refused to call the battle a war and instead referred to the fighting as a military operation.  The RT head claimed if nuclear weapons were used on Ukraine, Russia would be the ones to clean it up. Simonyan said: Why did the war not end in 3 days as it could have? Of course, it could have. "Like {Dmitry Rogozin} just stated and we have no reasons not to trust him. "The Western media is writing about that too, one strike of Sarmat is enough to destroy the coast let's just watch it. "This missile can destroy half the coast of some large continent, which we may not like due to its aggressive politics. JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays     Simoyan added: "If we wanted to couldn't we have dealt with Ukraine in a matter of hours not days? "But we're conducting a special military operation that's why it's not war, we pity all of them over there. "We understand that there are many of our people who are hostages of those who are ours, it's not written on them which is which. "We'll figure that out later, we cant separate them some here, some there. "And strike some with Sarmat [missile] we'll be the ones having to rebuild it, liberated territories are already de-facto ours, I'm afraid to use that word." READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear after Queen agrees return to royal fold     Putin has been threatening Western nations with nuclear warfare for a number of years. The RT head claimed if nuclear weapons were used on Ukraine, Russia would be the ones to clean it up. "A relatively small nuclear strike could hold the Ukrainian forces in their steps and allow him to negotiate. "It's a calculation - what will the West do? "Putin thinks they won't do anything. "And I think that is probably a misjudgement because I think NATO probably will do some strategic strikes on some key Russian assets if they use nuclear weapons." 