Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February has led to extremely tense relations between Moscow and the West. While addressing the Ukrainian Parliament today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson admitted the West was too slow to act over Russian aggression. He said the West had been "too slow to grasp what was really happening" and "failed" to collectively impose sanctions against Russian President Vladimir Putin. Mr Johnson also announced £300million of extra military aid for Ukraine as the weapons of Western nations continue to be used by Ukrainians to combat the Russian advance. The US and Russia have invested heavily in their military power in recent years, including on deadly submarines. In October 2020, undersea authority H.I. Sutton at Covert Shores ranked the the most lethal submarines operated by the world’s navies. The top 10 is dominated by Russian and US vessels – but the UK also has two ships among them. At number 10 is UK's Trafalgar Class submarines – only one of these boats remains active and in commission (as of 2022) with six retired from the seven originally in service, The class makes up part of the Royal Navy's nuclear-powered 'hunter-killer' submarine force. At nine on the list of lethal submarines is the Improved Los-Angeles Class – nuclear-powered fast attack submarines in service with the US Navy. The Virginia Class (Block IV) submarine ranks at number eight, while the UK appears again on the list in seventh with the Astute Class. Russian ships – the Sierra Class and Akula Class – were ranked sixth and fifth. Washington's Seawolf class – nuclear-powered fast attack submarines – was placed fourth. Moscow's ships took third place and second place. The Oscar II, deemed to be the third most powerful submarine in the world, comes from a series of nuclear-powered cruise missile submarines designed in the Soviet Union for the Soviet Navy. They remain in service now with the Russian Navy. READ MORE: Corpses laid out in shape of Putin's terrifying 'Z' symbol of war Another Russian submarine made up the top three, with the Severodvinsk II ranked the second most deadly vessel of its kind in the world. The nuclear-powered cruise missile submarine is active within the Russian Navy, and the lead vessel of the class. The submarine is named after the city of Severodvinsk and is deployed with the Russian Northern Fleet. On February 5 2021, it successfully hit a coastal target in Chiza training ground, Arkhangelsk Oblast with a Kalibr missile. In October 2021, the submarine was reported to have carried out a successful launch of the hypersonic Tsirkon missile from the White Sea at a target in the Barents Sea. The USS Ohio (SSGN-726) was hailed by H.I. Sutton at Covert Shores as the most powerful submarine in the world. DON'T MISS Scholz torn apart for 'being in a huff' as he refuses to visit Kyiv [INSIGHT] Putin's 'Doomsday' plane seen near Moscow [ANALYSIS] Ukraine MPs erupt as Boris announces UK to donate military fleet  [INSIGHT] It is the lead boat of its class of nuclear-powered fleet ballistic missile submarines, and the fourth vessel of the US Navy to be named after the state of Ohio. The vessel was commissioned with the hull designation of SSBN-726, and with her conversion to a guided missile submarine she was re-designated SSGN-726. General Dynamics, the company which built the ship, said: "Designed and built by Electric Boat, these submarines are without question the most powerful ships ever put to sea. "With a length of 560 feet, a submerged displacement of 18,750 tons and a payload of 24 multiple-warhead, long-range Trident ballistic missiles, each of these vessels provides the Navy with an unparalleled combination of stealth, strategic capability and superior operating capability. "The 18 Ohio-class (Trident) ballistic-missile submarines must be considered among the most effective warships ever built."