Chelsea's search for a new owner has finally come to an end after the Londoners finally confirmed Todd Boehly has replaced Roman Abramovich. The Russian has sold Chelsea after 19 years at the helm. And manager Thomas Tuchel and his squad have been thanked for their patience after an unsettling time at Stamford Bridge in recent months. Chelsea have been looking for a new owner since Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government in early March for his relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin amidst the conflict in Ukraine. The club were told they would not able to be sell or buy new players as long as Abramovich was the owner. This led to a scramble to find a new owner to take over and it is Boehly who has been the successful candidate after multiple alternative options failed to come to fruition. The American was announced as the new owner on Monday afternoon. The club thanking Abramovich for his contributions over the last two decades, alongside managers of the men's and women's teams Tuchel and Emma Hayes for their renewed efforts throughout a tumultuous couple of months. "We would like to thank all of the bidders for their engagement, effort and participation in this process," an official club statement read. "We would also like to thank our men and women footballers, the staff of both teams, everyone in our Academy, and in particular Thomas Tuchel and Emma Hayes for their patience and support during this process. And, of course, thank you to all our partners, staff and fans during this difficult phase for the Club." It is yet to be seen how well Chelsea will fare under their new ownership, with Boehly set to spend big in the summer to replenish the squad and replace departing stars such as Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. And the club shared their beliefs that due to Boehly's affiliation with a multitude of Los Angeles' best sporting outfits, that the same success could be produced in west London - which marked him as the best particular candidate to take over. "The group led by Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital rose above the other groups through the strength of the partnership between the group’s component parts, which includes Mark Walter, co-founder and CEO of Guggenheim Capital; and Hansjörg Wyss, founder of the Wyss Foundation," the statement continued. "Todd and Mark’s participation in the ownership of several sports franchises with sustained winning traditions, including the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Los Angeles Lakers, and the Los Angeles Sparks; a belief by the Board that this group could help the Club resolve certain current challenges and could assist in creating new opportunities, and help the Club reach its long-term strategic objectives. "We believe the Board and the Boehly/Clearlake group have a shared vision for the future of Chelsea Football Club." And Boehly himself echoed those thoughts, claiming he was '100 per cent' all in to backing the club. “We are honoured to become the new custodians of Chelsea Football Club,” he said. “We’re all in – 100 per cent -- every minute of every match. Our vision as owners is clear: we want to make the fans proud. Along with our commitment to developing the youth squad and acquiring the best talent, our plan of action is to invest in the Club for the long-term and build on Chelsea’s remarkable history of success."