F1 star Nicolas Latifi saw the funny side of false reports suggesting he had been dropped from Williams ahead of the Monaco GP. The Canadian driver has endured a nightmare start to the 2022 season, sitting last in the Drivers’ Championship with no points scored, and has been out-qualified by teammate Alex Albon in five of the six races so far this season. This prompted Journalist Norris McDonald to wrongly confirm that the 27-year-old was about to be replaced. On the eve of the Monaco GP, the motorsport driver responded to those claims and found them rather amusing. “When I saw that I just kind of laughed a little bit because obviously, it was not the case at all, I’m still here,” he explained. “I mean there are always rumours circulating around. I think that’s the nature of the sport. “But yeah, I mean, I was definitely a bit surprised to see it from I’d say a well-known reporter, without any real foundation behind it. So yeah, I just kind of laughed a bit at it really.” McDonald’s initial tweet read: “Toronto‘s Nick Latifi fired by Williams F1. Two things: Williams better have a lot of money because there will be one hell of a lawsuit and his replacement, Nyck DeVries, had better do better in that pig of a car, which is doubtful. JUST IN: F2 star in big crash at Monaco Grand Prix showing dangers Hamilton and Verstappen face   After realising the information he had reported was incorrect, he apologised shortly after. “Correction. Nick Latifi will continue as a Williams driver for the foreseeable future. Information I received earlier today was incorrect,” he penned. “It doesn’t matter how old you are, how often one learns this important lesson: get it first but first get it right. My apologies to Nick Latifi.” The Williams driver has also been guilty of making some mistakes this season, but has improved his level recently and finished ahead of Albon for the first time this season at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya last week. He was in an upbeat mood after finishing in P16, having overtaken the Haas of Kevin Magnussen near the end of the race, in what he called ‘a small victory.’ “I’m fairly happy with the race and the way we managed the tyres. It was nice to get the three stops in,” Latifi said.  “So using the four sets of tyres and at least normally here when you do the two stops, from halfway through the stint you’re just driving with no grip, and it just becomes such a boring race. "So, it was nice to have a bit more of an attacking approach just because the tyre deg was so high, and I think it was nice at the end to chase down Kevin and have a little small victory; obviously, a car that on paper was much quicker than us. “I think we executed well from that side and although it wasn’t really for a position that meant anything, I think it was a small little victory, a small little positive for us and for me personally.” 