During Tuesday's The Chase, ITV host Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants onto the show to take on quizzer Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan. Players Sylvester, Grace, Dan and Juliet had to work together in a bid to take down Jenny in the final round. Sylvester was the first player to take on The Vixen and he managed to answer three questions correctly in the cash-builder round. Jenny gave the student the option to win her high offer of £27,000, but Sylvester decided to play it safe and play for the £3,000 he'd already won. However, it seemed like Sylvester got through the round by the skin of his teeth as he struggled to answer some of the multiple-choice questions. Bradley even called out the player when he failed to understand one question about Shakespeare. READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' Despite the misunderstanding, Bradley couldn't believe it when Sylvester got the question right and Jenny answered incorrectly. The host was also left in disbelief when the former children's entertainer managed to get through to the final. "How did that happen?" he asked before adding: "Sylvester, you better quit while you're ahead. You're through to the final." The host went on to brand the player "jammy" for getting through at all. Juliet was the next player to take on Jenny and she managed to answer an impressive nine questions correctly in the cash-builder round. Jenny gave the opera singer the choice of going for the £9,000 she'd banked already, or a high offer of £39,000. Juliet decided to take the risk and decided to play for the big money. Despite getting off to a great start, Juliet struggled on a number of the multiple-choice questions and she ended up being beaten by Jenny. DON'T MISS...How did Nicola Walker meet husband Barnaby Kay? [CAST]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj recalls co-stars disastrous audition for role [NEWS] Things didn't go so well for Grace either as the student stumbled on a couple of geography questions and she was also sent packing. Dan was the last contestant to take on Jenny, and Bradley pleaded with the player to make it through to the final with Sylvester. The contestant got off to a great start after answering eight questions correctly in the cash-builder. Although, it was a tense round against The Vixen after Dan almost missed out on a place in the final after getting several questions wrong. Bradley appeared to get frustrated and put his head in his hands when the player got an "obvious" question wrong. However, despite the hiccup, Dan managed to bag himself a place in the final. The remaining contestants then had to answer as many questions as they could within two minutes, in the hopes of beating Jenny. However, after only getting eight questions right between them, it wasn't enough to match The Vixen's effort. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.