It was a brutal end to a fantastic Premier League season for Liverpool, but their failure to catch Manchester City may leave them in a better position to beat Real Madrid on Saturday. Liverpool still have a Champions League final to go and win in order to complete a treble, and it's a familiar position for Jurgen Klopp and his stars to be in. Liverpool will be motivated to 'repay' Klopp after narrowly missing out on a second Premier League title, as their focus switches to the Champions League final on Saturday. It's a case of deja vu for Liverpool as during the 2018/19 season they needed City to drop points on the final day, while they hosted Wolves at Anfield. And just like Sunday's sequence of events, City fell behind before taking the lead and pipping Klopp's side to the title. But they also had the Champions League final to prepare for back then too, and Andy Robertson vowed to 'repay' Klopp and the coaching stars with a trophy. Many have followed since they secured Champions League glory, but the mood in the Liverpool camp is likely to be the same as three years ago. READ MORE: Liverpool fans 'scammed' as Anfield celebrated third Aston Villa goal Back then, Liverpool were still trophy-less under Klopp. Three years on, they have completed the set as their recent FA Cup win was the only trophy missing from the German's collection. But Liverpool are a different side now, and seeing as they have gone closer to completing the quadruple than any other side, they're clearly hungry for success. They have already won both domestic cups, and now they have the chance to win 75 percent of everything that was on offer this season. DON'T MISS: Liverpool sweating on Thiago for Champions League final (NEWS)Liverpool star Thiago produces ridiculous 'illegal' assist vs Wolves (INSIGHT)Best and worst signings in the Premier League this season - Big Debate (TRANSFERS) Liverpool were devastated at the final whistle on Sunday as their 3-1 win against Wolves wasn't enough to win the title, and even Mohamed Salah couldn't crack a smile when being handed the golden boot. This may not be easy viewing for Liverpool fans, but in terms of mentality it shows just how driven they are by success. After they narrowly missed out on the Premier League in the 2018/19 season, Robertson said ahead of their Champions League final against Tottenham: "We don't just do it for us, we do it for the manager, the coaches, every single one of those who put their life into making sure we are right. "The manager has changed how the club is and we want to repay him with a trophy. But not just for him." Liverpool have been revolutionised by Klopp, and judging by the reaction on the field on Sunday, Klopp's side are just as determined to go all the way in Europe again. They've managed to reach the final three times in five years, losing the first one 3-1 to Real Madrid, and making up for it a year later with a 2-0 victory against Tottenham. But this is a different Liverpool side now, and there is an arrogance to their game as well as undeniable quality. The dressing room will not stand for anything other than a win against Madrid, in a rematch that Salah has been dreaming of ever since he was forced off against Los Blancos through injury. Liverpool are already motivated to end the season on a high for Klopp and the rest of his staff, but they have the added advantage that Salah is driven to 'settle the scores'. The Egyptian posted that he is ready to avenge Liverpool's defeat to Madrid in 2017, and even admitted that he was hoping to face them in Paris. “I want to play Madrid,” the forward told BT Sport. “We lost in the final against them, so I want to play against them and hopefully win it from them as well.” Liverpool now have five days to prepare for their Champions League final clash against Madrid, and they must channel their negative emotions into positive means on the pitch. Liverpool have done it for Klopp before, and they'll be as motivated as ever to do it again.