The last Outlander fans saw of Claire Fraser she was locked in a prison cell awaiting trial for the murder of Malva Christie (played by Jessica Reynolds). Her husband, Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), was miles away but determined to help her escape so they could return to their life on the Ridge. Fans of the Starz series have a long wait on their hands before they can find out what will happen with Caitriona Balfe warning the future of the show is “out of our hands”. Season six was much shorter due to filming restrictions throughout the coronavirus pandemic delaying filming. Caitriona was also heavily-pregnant when the final scenes were being shot. As a result season six was only eight episodes and while action-packed, fans were desperate for more. Bosses have promised the new series will be longer with 16 episodes to help push Claire and Jamie’s story further along. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update There’s still plenty of content in Diana Gabaldon’s novels to pull from but it remains to be seen if actors Caitriona and Sam will stay linked to the series. Their characters Claire and Jamie could bow out early as each actor’s respective careers takes off in Hollywood. Furthermore, with only season seven confirmed to be going ahead, it could be the story wraps up before it catches up with the novels. Caitriona has even hinted bosses may choose not to continue the series after the seventh outing. She explained: “What we know now is we have this great season seven picked up, and it is going to be 16 episodes. “We are all in a little way girding ourselves to have the stamina to be able to do that, because we will be shooting for 13 months pretty much, which is going to be really intense. “So, to be honest, to think beyond that doesn't really serve us – and those decisions are not in our hands anyway, so we'll see!" Filming for the seventh season began before series six had even come to an end so fans could be hopeful for an early 2023 release. DON'T MISS...Outlander season 7: Sam Heughan issues promise to fans over storyline [LATEST]Outlander season 7: Producer shares update on series return [UPDATE]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe admits she made season 6 'difficult' [INTERVIEW] But beyond that, the fate of the series is up in the air. Caitriona does have an idea on how she’d like to say goodbye to Claire and Jamie though. She told Digital Spy: “I think it has to be a Romeo and Juliet moment, right, where we are both together, or a Naoise and Deirdre moment where Jamie and Claire sort of lie down together and slowly drift off. “I don't think one can survive without the other and I don't think Claire will leave him at all.” She told the publication: “Nobody is eternal, so at some point someone is going to have to croak it so they might as well do it together!” Only one person does know how it all ends for the characters, Diana, but she’s kept details close to her chest. All fans know is they will finally get an explanation as to how Jamie’s ghost is able to watch Claire in the 20th Century. Hopefully bosses at Starz still have plans to keep the series going as there’s so much more history for Claire and Jamie to face. Outlander season 6 is available to watch on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.