Posting on Twitter, Prince Charles and Camilla announced their attendance, tweeting: "Just announced! The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall will join Platinum Champions and esteemed guests at the flagship #TheBigJubileeLunch at The Oval in London." The Big Jubilee Lunch is taking place on Sunday, June 5, following the success of the first Big Jubilee Lunch in 2012 to celebrate Her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee.  Commenting on the announcement, royal expert Angela Levin said: "It will be huge fun." The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will meet guests at the lunch that is being laid on at the cricket ground in south London, alongside the Earl and Countess of Wessex who will attend virtually in the Queen's back garden. More than 85,000 people have signed up to host lunches on Sunday, with streets and houses up and down the country taking part. The get-togethers are a way that communities are being encouraged to get involved in the jubilee celebrations this bank holiday weekend.   Prince Charles and Camilla will be joined by 70 volunteers who have been recognised as Platinum Champions through the Royal Voluntary Service's Platinum Champions Awards, celebrity ambassadors, and various charity representatives. The pair will also view a six-metre long felt artwork recreating a street party lunch, finished with a Platinum Pudding, Scotch eggs and fruit platters made by artist Lucy Sparrow. The artwork will later feature in an exhibition at Buckingham Palace. The Duchess of Cornwall has been a patron of The Big Lunch since 2013, with the event aimed at getting communities to come together. READ MORE: Fury as yobs destroy displays created for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee It is reported that more than 600 international Big Jubilee Lunches are being planned throughout the Commonwealth - with communities in Canada, Brazil, New Zealand, Japan, South Africa, and Switzerland taking part. It is estimated that around 16,000 street parties are being thrown to celebrate Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne, with councils approving "a huge number" across the nation. According to an etiquette expert who spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk, Camilla is said to be the best royal to have attended a street party. William Hanson said: "The Duchess of Cornwall is so good at being able to talk to anybody from any walk of life, whether she likes them or not. “She is fantastic at conversation, as she was raised in that era of having gone to finishing school that you could just talk. DON'T MISS:‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [INSIGHT]Brexit poll: Should Britain return to imperial measurements [POLL]Queen Platinum Jubilee: Critics savaged for UK and Brexit hatred [OPINION]  “It doesn't matter whom you end up sitting next to at dinner, you find something in common with them." Among the events planned, a world record attempt for the longest street party and back garden barbeques are expected as part of the Big Jubilee Lunches. An afternoon tea aimed at uniting locals and newly-arrived people from Hong Kong will be held at Manor Park in Sutton, south London, where traditional teas and cakes from the UK and Hong Kong will be shared. The nation is getting ready to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee during the bank holiday weekend starting on June 2.