Ricky Gervais, 60, appeared on The One Show yesterday alongside Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas. The comedian opened up about how he deflates charged jokes at his shows mostly by making swipes at his own expense.   It comes after the release of Ricky’s new stand-up show on Netflix, named SuperNature.  The star was quizzed during the interview about how he deals with telling jokes in which he often talks about how wealthy he is.  Alex Jones said: “You talk about your wealth a lot.  “That can be really uncomfortable sometimes but the audience absolutely laughs it up. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “How do you manage to pitch that so well?” Ricky replied by saying that it was because the audience “knows what I am doing”. He said: “Because they know what I’m doing. “They know I’m taking the mickey out of it.  “It’s the elephant in the room. I go out with bad jeans, drinking a can of beer.”  He said as a “jester”, it was important to be “down with the audience, laughing at the king".  Ricky explained that he did this in two ways.  The performer said the first way was by giving them a “peak behind the curtain”, to show them, for example that being rich and famous is not all it might seem". DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] He said he also did it by showing them ways in which they were better off than him. Ricky added: “I’m fat and old and I’m gonna die soon”. While Jermaine laughed, Alex consoled the star as she was left stunned by his declaration. Ricky furthered that he is “everyday closer to death”. Alex added that this is the case for everyone. Jermaine chimed in saying: “I didn’t see this coming”. At which point Ricky reacted by laughing in hysterics. Meanwhile, SuperNature sees the star mocking cancel culture. He begins the new routine with jokes about Hitler, AIDS and transgender people. Speaking on Steve Wright’s BBC Radio 2 programme, Ricky addressed the potential backlash to the series by pointing out some “people want to be offended”. Steve asked: “Do you ever get fed up Ricky with having to explain yourself?” Ricky said: “At the beginning of this show it was sort of built into it. “I say something and I explain it’s irony. “I go through what irony is and as a joke, I say something I don’t really mean for comic effect. “You as an audience laugh at the wrong thing because you know what the right thing is and it challenges them.” “I try to remind people that a joke is a joke”.