Tottenham Hotspur could have the edge over Manchester United if they engage in a battle to sign Valencia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili this summer. Valencia are embroiled in a financial crisis and could sanction the sale of one of their hottest starlets to balance the books. According to manager Jose Bordelas, the La Liga club must raise just under £59.6million (€70m) in the summer transfer window. Marca claim Carlos Soler and Goncalo Guedes are expected to leave, but Mamardashvili has also emerged as a good option to put up for sale. The report adds the 21-year-old has attracted heavyweight suitors from the Premier League, with Tottenham joining United's initial interest. And the latter could have the edge if they go toe-to-toe with the Red Devils, given they are said to have a good relationship with Valencia after signing Bryan Gil last summer. Despite two years remaining on his contract, Tottenham are 'already thinking' of Hugo Lloris' long-term successor. But the Frenchman is now 36, and although there have been no formal offers for Mamardashvili yet, Valencia would likely consider any approach to avoid financial anguish. JUST IN: Arsenal transfer boost as Guardiola may play role in Gabriel future The Georgian stopper only joined Valencia on a season-long loan from Dinamo Tbilisi 12 months ago before they triggered his buyout clause and signed him permanently until 2024, with the option of a further year. He made 21 appearances for the Spanish outfit in his debut campaign, in which they finished ninth in La Liga. Mamardashvili has already earned two caps for the Georgia national team and is considered one of the nation's most promising talents. And United's links to his signature make just as much sense as Tottenham's amid uncertainty around the department at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba's next move obvious as PSG make final decision David de Gea is expected to start Erik ten Hag's rebuild as No 1, which is, in turn, set to push Dean Henderson out of the club. The 25-year-old isn't interested in spending another season acting as backup and will likely depart on loan with the hope he will eventually replace De Gea. United could be targeting Mamardashvili to act as De Gea's cover and their Europa League goalkeeper next season. And if he impresses, while Henderson's stock rises on loan, Ten Hag could sanction the latter's sale, raking in a respectable fee and blooding the Georgian as the Red Devils' future No 1. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.