This year's Eurovision Song Contest has proved to be one of the most memorable yet as the finalists took to the stage in Turin, Italy. Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra were the favorites to win with their hip-hop track Stefania. Express.co.uk has the results for Eurovision 2022 below. Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra with their song has won the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. They stormed to victory with a total of 631 points. In second place was the UK and Sam Ryder with the track Space Man. Coming in third was Spain and Chanel with their song SloMo. READ MORE: Maneskin's Damiano in jibe at Eurovision drugsgate At the bottom of the table, it was a different story for Germany and Malik Harris with the track Rockstars. Malik scored just six points while France recived 17 points and Iceland got 20 points. The UK was one of the last acts to perform this evening and were 22nd in the running order out of 25. However, this year marks something of a turnaround for the UK, with Sam Ryder being tipped by the odds makers as a favourite for victory. The last time the UK won Eurovision was back in 1997 with Katrina and the Waves’ song Love Shine a Light. Since then, the UK has had some disastrous results with 2021 being one of the worst when entrant James Newman was awarded zero points from both the audience and jury votes. The result was a first in Eurovision history with no nation ever failing to secure scores from either the public or the professional juries. Sam’s track Space Man has an optimistic tone to it and has garnered comparisons to Sir Elton John. He is also a huge TikTok star, rising to fame during the first coronavirus lockdown when the former construction worker turned to music. The musician has millions of followers across social media with the star even getting praised by Alicia Keys after she saw his cover of If I Ain’t Got You. DON'T MISS...Why do singers wear earpieces in Eurovision? [INSIGHT]Eurovision 'car crash' as fans slam Mika for 'snubbing' Ukraine [REACTION]Eurovision 2022: Graham Norton stunned by Princess Beatrice lookalike [LIVE] In 2022, Eurovision saw a total of 40 nations participating after Russia was banned from the competition over the invasion of Ukraine. As usual, there were two semi-finals where the 40 countries were whittled down to just 20 for the final. Among those who failed to qualify this year were Ireland's Brooke Scullion who didn't make it through the semis. This year featured an eclectic mix of music from various genres and even a satirical track from Serbia's Konstrakta called In Corpore Sano and opened with a question about the secret of Meghan Markle's hair. Meanwhile Norway's entry Subwoolfer features two singers wearing wolf masks to conceal their identity as they sign Give That Wolf A Banana. Spain plumped for a fast-paced number originally intended for Jennifer Lopez, which ended up being performed by singer Chanel called SloMo. Australia was also through to the final with their entrant Sheldon Riley and his poignant track about coming to terms with his sexuality in a deeply religious family and dealing with Asperger's Syndrome. The singer's costume was so heavy that he can't move in stage but this didn't stop the musician from giving a belting performance. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be available to watch on BBC Player on catch up