Tiger Woods could reap the rewards of warmer weather and a shorter walk at this weekend's PGA Championships after struggling with his leg injuries at last month's Masters, according to two-time US Open champion Curtis Strange. Woods made a remarkable return to Augusta just over a year after he was involved in a near-fatal car crash but was clearly troubled by the injuries that he is yet to fully recover from over the course of the week-long event. The 46-year-old's legs were seriously hurt in the accident, which took place in February of last year, and he was spotted limping and struggling to walk during the latter stages of the Masters before finishing well adrift of the leaders with a final score of 13 over-par. Strange has since admitted to Express Sport that Woods is no longer the player he once was due to the physical issues that he continues to suffer from but went on to insist that a couple of important factors could swing things in his favour at the upcoming PGA Championships in Oklahoma."It’s certainly a different Tiger, coming off a massive leg injury, a massive ankle injury," said Strange. "I think him playing at Augusta was a huge victory in that he was able to play after the horrific accident, quite frankly I was surprised that he was able to walk the golf course and I think he played quite well there, to be honest, after what he’s been through and he hadn’t played in so long."I think his golf game will be fine, he can definitely hit golf balls. It’s a matter of we don’t know how the leg is progressing. We don’t know how the strength in his leg is progressing. JUST IN: McIlroy makes 'comfortable' Major prediction ahead of PGA Championship "Tiger [has previously] played well almost every time he played golf and he’s won so often, but that’s not the case now. So much depends on how the leg is doing. It’s certainly going to be an easier walk than Augusta."The weather is certainly going to be a whole lot better, it was cold and windy all week. Both of those things are very much in his corner. I suspect he’ll hit a lot of good golf shots." Woods is set to compete at this weekend's PGA Championships alongside the likes of Rory McIlroy, Sergio Garcia and newly-crowned Masters champion Scottie Scheffler in a stacked field at the Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa. He was on site for a practice round on Sunday to all but confirm his participation in this year's event, which is set to get underway on Thursday.The California native won the last edition of the tournament to be played at Southern Hills back in 2007 and will be looking to produce another strong showing once again at the next time of asking over the next few days. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to mount a genuine challenge for the grand prize, though, as he continues to recover from the debilitating injuries that rocked his future prospects at the start of last year. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE