Tottenham have already made a big statement of intent in the transfer market this summer and look set to press ahead with giving manager Antonio Conte what he wants. Conte has always been clear that he would only stay in north London if the club strengthens the squad and it appears he is going to get exactly that this summer. Spurs announced this week a “capital increase of up to £150million” from majority shareholder ENIC, which “provides the Premier League club with greater financial flexibility and the ability to further invest on and off the pitch.” Conte has met with Spurs football director Fabio Paratici in Turin on Friday to discuss transfer plans and the wheels are already in motion. The Italian has been promised six new signings, according to the Telegraph, with the club’s fourth-place finish and Champions League qualification providing them with a platform to build from. The transfer window does not open until July 1, but Spurs are already making moves, with reports on Friday suggesting they are set to beat Chelsea and Juventus in the race to sign Ivan Perisic, who is out of contract with Inter Milan. If he does sign, the experienced Croatian winger will not be the only new arrival at Tottenham this summer. With £150m potentially available to Paratici and six signings reportedly the aim, there is lots of work to do. Here Express Sport takes a look at five other players Spurs could land this summer. JUST IN: Liverpool star Sadio Mane reveals he nearly joined Man Utd  Forster is already all but done and dusted, having already undergone his medical ahead of a free transfer from Southampton. The 34-year-old goalkeeper is out of contract with Saints at the end of June and will join to provide back-up for Hugo Lloris, with loanee Pierluigi Gollini set to return to Atalanta. Forster showed some solid form for Southampton in the second half of the 2021/22 season and is a shrewd addition to the squad. Conte is known to be keen to strengthen the full-back positions, with his brand of football very demanding of the players in those positions. Emerson Royal and Ryan Sessegnon have settled into the wing-back roles in recent months, but Spence represents an exciting proposition nonetheless. The Sun reports that Spurs are ahead of Arsenal in the race to sign Spence, who has impressed on loan from Middlesbrough at Nottingham Forest this season and would reportedly cost around £15m. The 21-year-old’s form has been key to helping Forest reach the Championship play-off final and he looks a brilliant prospect at right wing-back. DON'T MISS Barcelona list 10 stars for sale offering Man Utd and Arsenal bargains Mane's motive for Liverpool exit re-emerges amid Bayern Munich links Man Utd and Arsenal target Victor Osimhen to be replaced  Bremer looks set to leave Torino this summer and has no shortage of suitors, with Spurs, Inter Milan and Chelsea all linked in recent weeks. The 25-year-old centre-back has impressed in Serie A recently and could be the subject of a bidding war. Tuttosport say Inter are at the front of the queue for the Brazilian, who is under contract until June 2024. His value is unclear, with fees in the region of £21m (€25m) to £34m (€40m) being mooted. Jesus is a man in demand this summer, with Erling Haaland’s move to Manchester City perhaps signalling his time to leave the club. The Brazilian is out of contract in June 2023 and is reportedly ready to talk to other clubs. Arsenal have been strongly linked, due to their desperate need for strikers and Mikel Arteta’s relationship with Jesus from his time at City, but Spurs could compete for his signature. The 25-year-old striker, who has 95 goals in 236 games for City, is expected to cost around £25m. Bissouma has long been admired by other clubs and it seems he might get his long-awaited transfer from Brighton this summer. Arsenal, Aston Villa and West Ham have all been linked with the midfielder, who has reportedly told Brighton he wants to leave. 90min reports that Spurs have maintained contact with Bissouma’s camp and the Mali international is expected to fetch around £30m if he moves this summer. 