New research from Macmillan reveals that one in four people with cancer in the UK feel like they just “can’t afford life at the moment”. Campaigners are calling on the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to urgently reduce the delays people are experiencing when it comes to Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Almost three-quarters of a million cancer patients (24 percent) are struggling so much with the cost of living that it’s affecting their wellbeing, Macmillan Cancer Support has warned. Since December, one in four people with cancer have either been buying less food, or making fewer hot meals, to try to cope with the soaring cost of living. Around one million people with cancer have also resorted to wearing coats or dressing gowns indoors to try to stay warm. While a cancer diagnosis is stressful enough, these financial worries are only adding to people’s pain. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Full list of 56 conditions that qualify Macmillan research shows that 83 percent of people with cancer in the UK experience some kind of financial impact from their diagnosis. Shockingly, this leaves them £891 a month worse off as many have to give up work or significantly reduce their hours. To make matters worse, people are also facing significant delays when it comes to claiming Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Eve Byrne, Director of Advocacy at Macmillan, said: “On top of the spiralling cost of living and existing financial burden that can come with a diagnosis, many people with cancer are also facing unacceptably long waits in receiving the financial support they’re entitled to. DON'T MISSNatWest sheds light on new online banking scam tactic [WARNING]Fury as state pension could be axed: ‘Pension is not a benefit!’ [ALERT]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [UPDATE] She continued: “People with cancer need to live, not just survive, and it’s vital that the Government takes urgent steps to reduce the delays in the system, so people get the help they deserve when they need it most. “We’re urging anyone worried about money to get in touch with Macmillan, our trained advisors are here to do whatever it takes to make sure you get the support you need.” Lara Burwell was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2019 and is currently undergoing treatment. She told Express.co.uk in March how she was still waiting for PIP three years after her diagnosis - something the DWP has since rectified. However, the cost of living crisis has made matters much worse for people like Lara. “For me, cancer and the spiralling cost of living is the worst possible combination - no matter what cuts we make to save money, we straight up can’t afford life anymore,” she said. “I have overwhelming anxiety as all the money worries add up, and on top of this I am so fearful about how our standard of living will affect my cancer recovery. “We’ve completely cut out heating, which is horrible as my treatment means I get really cold, but even with that saving I’m not sure we can afford the rent anymore." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Lara added: “The cost of petrol and parking to get to hospital for treatment three times a week is mounting. "Alongside all of this, the process of getting personal independence payments to help with the life-changing side effects of my cancer has been relentless. “It’s taken a three-year battle and two more tumours for me to finally receive the support I’m entitled to.” Express.co.uk contacted the DWP for comment and is still waiting for a response.