The state pension triple lock has been temporarily suspended due to warped earnings data as a result of COVID-19. It meant the decision on state pension uprating was between 2.5 percent and inflation as of September 2021. With the inflationary figure higher at that point, a 3.1 percent increase was agreed. However, now this has materialised, many are upset, calling for further rises to the sum. Pensioners have lashed out at the increase to the state pension this year, with Express.co.uk readers making their feelings known. Many have asserted the increase is not enough, particularly given the rising cost of living. READ MORE: ‘Where is it?!’ Britons furious at delays to £150 council tax rebate Others have urged the Government to take further action to support older people during this time. Upset said: “After 50 years of paying into the system, my three percent increase to £141 per week is an insult. “It hardly covers the cost of the increase in my council tax.” Olybeek wrote: “Don’t you think it is strange the DWP are indicating the triple lock will be resumed next year? DON'T MISSBritons hit back at potential free prescription age rise [ANALYSIS]Premium Bonds May 2022 draw looms - how to check if you have won [LATEST]State pensioners with diabetes could get extra £92 per week [EXPLAINED] “That’s too late to deal with current circumstances i.e. rising prices and energy costs. “Does the Government think all pensioners are stupid enough to be taken in by this promise for next year?” This opinion was shared by MaggieT, who remarked: “Sunak promises to restore the triple lock next year, but considering they broke their triple lock manifesto, it’s difficult to believe.” Dogman urged the Government to understand the struggles many pensioners are currently facing. They stated: “The Chancellor should try to live on the equivalent of a state pension for a month. “He might understand better rather than juggling the figures.” While Kazza1967 wrote: “The pension is not a benefit. It is an agreement we all paid into, and we are being treated as beggars.” Recently, the Labour Party has called for an immediate return to the triple lock mechanism. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Speaking to GB News, Jonathan Ashworth said: “These pensioners have paid their stamps. Boris Johnson broke that promise on the triple lock. “The triple lock should come back, and at the moment they are saying it will come back but we will wait and see because they have broken so many promises.” A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth over £22 billion this year to help. “From this month, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and the latest figures show there are 400,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty compared to 2009/10. “We’re also continuing to work with stakeholders and others to increase awareness of Pension Credit, with the number of new claims 30 percent higher in 2021 compared to 2019 - and take up now at its highest level since 2010.”