Fumio Kishida, who was received by Mr Johnson at No10 on Thursday, said: "Ukraine might be East Asia tomorrow." His stark warning — which he made during his first trip to the UK since taking office last October — came as he condemned Moscow's attacks on Kyiv. Japan, a member of the G7 group of leading economies, is part of the Western alliance defending the war-torn nation. It has imposed sanctions on Russia and sent non-lethal military aid to Ukraine. Talks at Mr Kishida and Mr Johnson's meeting focused on the "landmark defence partnership" that will allow British and Japanese forces to work together by carrying out training, joint exercises and disaster relief activities. The move is part of the Government's post-Brexit policy to deepen ties with nations in the Indo-Pacific region, which the Prime Minister has previously described as "increasingly the geopolitical centre of the world". Ukraine LIVE: Putin accused of using 'really nasty' BANNED thermobaric bombs Mr Johnson said before welcoming his counterpart: "As two great island democracies, and the third and fifth largest economies in the world, the UK and Japan are focussed on driving growth, creating highly skilled jobs and ensuring we remain technology superpowers. "The visit of Prime Minister Kishida will accelerate our close defence relationship and build on our trade partnership to boost major infrastructure projects across the country – supporting our levelling up agenda." The Prime Minister, further highlighting London's eagerness to strengthen relations with the East Asian island country, said the UK and Japan were "focused on driving growth, creating highly skilled jobs and ensuring we remain technology superpowers". Building on a deal struck in 2020 that marked Britain's first post-Brexit free trade agreement, the visit also looked to reinforce trade ties – with former Business Secretary Greg Clark, the Tory MP for Tunbridge Wells, named Britain's new trade envoy to Japan. Importantly, the two prime ministers touched upon a key issue in the West's response to the war – energy. DON'T MISSKremlin 'targets NATO supply line' in escalation of war [INSIGHT]Where would Russia nuke the UK? Key targets [ANALYSIS]Russian generals look to oust Putin over tensions within Kremlin [REPORT] They also reviewed a guard of honour, and a flypast that included two Typhoon fighter jets and the RAF Voyager Vespina took place to mark Mr Kishida's visit. A Downing Street spokesperson said: "Both leaders agreed that Russia's barbaric invasion marked the end of the post-Cold War period and had major implications for wider international stability."