A series of videos have gone viral on TikTok warning people against making their bed in the morning, claiming it is better for people’s health and sleep to leave it unmade. Even experts have weighed in, agreeing with this and sharing the research to back it up. In a viral video by user @sherifelsahly, which has been viewed over 2.7 million times, the TikTokker explained how dust mites live in your bed, and how to get rid of them. He said: “This is why you should never ever make your bed in the morning. If you ever got in trouble for not making your bed, your parents have some apologising to do.” Showing a photo of an insect in his video, @sherifelsahly continued: “This bug right here is called a dust mite and they live on your bed. “If you make your bed as soon as you wake up, you actually trap millions of dust mites, and as a result, they keep growing. READ MORE: Interior designer shares ‘clever tricks’ to make rooms feel larger “But if you leave your bed unmade it exposes dust mites to light and fresh air, which actually helps kill them off.” Dust mites are extremely tiny bugs that belong to the spider family – they live in house dust and feed on the dead skin cells that people regularly shed. Although not immediately harmful, dust mites can cause some people to suffer from allergy symptoms, according to Healthline. Long-term exposure to dust mite allergens can even lead to sinus infections and asthma.  TikTok user @osilashealth, who regularly shares health and nutrition advice, agreed with @sherifelsahly that leaving a bed unmade is best. She said in a recent video: “This is why you should never make your bed in the morning. “Making your bed traps in moisture and allows your bed to become a home for up to 1.5 million dust mites, which can produce allergens. “Instead, leave your bed messy to expose your bed to air and sunlight, which will cause them to dehydrate and die out.” The video was inundated with hundreds of comments, with some fellow TikTokkers agreeing it was a good idea to leave a bed unmade, while others were unimpressed. Ella 72 said: “Or you can fold down the sheets and blankets to expose the sheets! This way it doesn’t look messy!” Dr Shamrah wrote: “I actually do this. I thought I was a bit crazy/extreme. I make it before heading out though, after morning routines allowing it to air out/sun.” TikTokker user6959152187521 had a different kind of tip to offer. They said: “Put baking soda for 10 minutes and vacuum it off really well y’all won’t be sneezing no more.”(sic) TikTok user @yolkfather also shared a viral video to explain why it’s better to leave your bed unmade in the morning. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She said: “Here’s why you should never be making your bed in the morning. “This is a dust mite. It’s a little big that likes to live inside of your mattress, and they can actually cause pretty bad allergies. “The thing is, though, they like it when you make your bed. Because it traps more humidity and the sheets are creating a better environment for them.” The TikTokker added: “But if you keep your bed unmade, your sheets actually get exposed to more sunlight, fresh air, and less humidity, so you’ll probably have less bed mites living in your mattress.” Some experts have agreed with the TikTok users warning against making your bed, including the mattress experts at And So To Bed. They recommended leaving the bed unmade, but also flipping your mattress regularly to keep it hygienic. It is worth cleaning the mattress too – this can be done by using a dry cloth on a natural fibre mattress and warm soapy water on others. Using a mattress protector is another way to keep the mattress clean and avoid allergens from dust mites. According to The Sleep Council, the average adult loses 285ml of fluid each night, meaning that when you make your bed each morning, you are trapping that moisture in to fester during the day. It seems that leaving your bed unmade is, therefore, a no-brainer.