  Pitch Perfect actress Rebel Wilson aimed an unexpected jibe at the Royal Family after encountering Prince Harry. The star made it clear whose “team” she was on, as the pair posed together at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club in California.     Rebel, 42, bumped into the Duke of Sussex, 37, yesterday in Santa Barbara, California. The Bridesmaids actress shared a picture with the royal to her Instagram page in view of her 10.8 million followers. “Team Harry!” she wrote, before tagging the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club, as well as the The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s official Instagram account. Prince Harry met the Australian movie star while out and about on the green.      Rebel’s followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on the unlikely meet-up. Vas J Morgan penned: “So much royalty in one pic.” “To be part of that conversation! You guys should do a podcast!” added Tracey Freeman. Boogie the Foodie wrote: “NBD (no big deal)... Just hanging out with Prince Frickn’ Harry!” (sic)     Rebel and the Duke of Sussex were invited to the outdoor event by professional Polo Player Ignacio ‘Nacho’ Figueras. The sportsman posted a snap to his Instagram yesterday with his fellow polo players, which included Prince Harry. “A great day of polo for Los Padres,” he captioned the photo. “Thank you to everyone who came together to cheer us on and help support Santa Barbara County Foodbank, Heal the Ocean and CALM4kids,” he added, tagging a number of charities.      The Duke of Sussex played in the Harry East Memorial polo tournament this weekend, near the Montecito home he shares with his wife, Meghan Markle, and their two children. The former royal is a longtime friend of Nacho, a sporting companion of Harry's, who is also an ambassador of the prince's Sentebale organisation. Prince Harry’s team was named "Los Padres" to reflect the tournament's location and the fact that the royal player and Nacho are new fathers. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex share three-year-old son Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet, who was born June 4 2021.     Rebel’s surprise meeting with Prince Harry comes after she quipped about the couple earlier this year while presenting the BAFTA Awards. Whilst discussing the many qualities of the best picture nominees, she added: “From drama to fantasy, Harry and Meghan’s interview with Oprah had it all. “But unfortunately, it wasn’t nominated in this category.” Rebel stars in a brand new Netflix comedy, Senior Year, which is out now in the UK.  