Amanda Owen, 47, lives on Ravenseat Farm with her husband, Clive Owen and their nine children, with their Channel 5 show, Our Yorkshire Farm, documenting their daily lives. Amanda also takes to Twitter to share daily updates of the obstacles they face and this weekend was no different. Amanda took to the micro-blogging site on Saturday, to share an update on the baby lambs recently born on the farm. She shared a series of four snaps of two of her children feeding the sheep along with pictures of them carrying out their chores, in view of her 195,500 followers. The shepherdess captioned the post: "Quieting down on the lambing front and the land is finally greening up but it’s still rather cold. "There are nests, chicks and new life all around. It’s just about being quiet, taking time and looking." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Not long after, she shared the "issues" she had been having this weekend with her followers. She penned: "More time spent now dealing with postnatal sheep issues. Top ups of milk required for a few lambs." Many social media users took to the post's comments to support Amanda with her challenging obstacles. HeidyJohnson1 said: "Your children are a credit to you both. You can really see how much they enjoy their lives keep on doing what you're doing you are wonderful parents, it is a shame other parents don’t take note, there wouldn’t be so much sadness and crime in the world, it all starts at home." (sic) FinucaneOlivia added: "Loving the style, lamb on one arm, pink handbag on another." Glyn_white commented: "A breath of fresh air to us city folk. You live a life that we aspire to but will not have the guts to achieve." She then shared how involved her children are at the farm as she uploaded pictures of them sorting out the milk for the sheep. Amanda captioned the heartwarming snaps: "Mixing up warm milk & getting it to the right temperature. The ghillie kettle is brilliant. DON'T MISS... Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT] Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic [PICTURES] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [HEALTH] "Hot water in almost an instant whether for mixing up lamb milk or a brew. *A alfresco cup of @YorkshireTea (for us not the lambs) is equally medicinal in our eyes*." One fan named burhankahraman commented: "Where are the boys? There are always girls and lambs." In response, Amanda took to Twitter on Sunday and shared four snaps of her sons working on the farm, along with a message telling her followers what a help they are on the farm. She captioned the post: "The lads turn out when I’ve messed up mechanically. "If bogged, broken down or stranded then they’re there." The farm is set to be transformed after Amanda and Clive have finally got planning permission to convert their derelict cottage into a two-bedroom home. They bought the 18th-century property after it was left empty for almost 60 years. The couple also owns a 17th-century cottage, called The Firs, which they rent out to be used as a holiday let.