Liverpool and Real Madrid are set to compete for the most sought-after trophy in European football when they collide in the Champions League final on Saturday evening. The Reds are bidding to exact a mark of revenge on Real, who came out on top when the two sides met in the 2018 final. Liverpool were undone by two horrific errors from Loris Karius in the 2018 showdown, where Reds talisman Mohamed Salah was also forced off with an injury. Sadio Mane fired Liverpool back onto level terms after Karim Benzema had grabbed the game's opening goal. Gareth Bale stole the show with an exceptional overhead kick shortly after before Benzema settled the match with his second in dying minutes. This time around, the Reds will cap a remarkable treble if they can clinch their seventh European crown while Real Madrid are looking to seal the double after winning the La Liga title under Carlo Ancelotti. Cup finals are usually a tense affair, so Express Sport will now take a look at the rules around extra-time if the Champions League final goes beyond 90 minutes... READ MORE: Klopp told why Salah is not club's 'most important' player If the scores are still level at the end of normal time, then additional 30 minutes will be played. These will be split into two 15 minute halves in a bid to find a winner. Throughout the entire game both teams are permitted to use up to five substitutions. Both sides will also be able to make an additional concussion substitute and will also be permitted to make one additional substitution in extra-time. If the match is still tied after the additional 30 minutes of action, then the match will be decided by a penalty shootout. DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'hold talks with Harry Kane' as striker set to make decisionLiverpool have Mane belief as star 'draws up £25m Bayern Munich plan'Mane sparks Liverpool panic with transfer 'promise' as Bayern eye deal After he was forced to leave the action prematurely back in 2018, Salah has made no secret of the fact that he is gunning for revenge in Paris on Saturday. But while Klopp admits he and his team 'want to put things right', he attempted to cool talk of a revenge mission. He told UEFA media: "We played them; we lost. What kind of reaction would you want to show for yourself? The fun part of it is, we played against Madrid in Kyiv [in 2018], we won it in Madrid [in 2019]; it was a different stadium and now we play Madrid again. So, obviously, when we are in a Champions League final, Madrid is always somehow involved. "There's the feeling that we want to put things right, definitely, but it cannot be the main thought. If we go there like, 'Revenge! Payback!' all these kinds of things, it doesn't work like that. That's not us. We came here to the final in a different way. So, we have to play our way and that's what we have to try."