Jason Ledgister was found guilty of unacceptable professional conduct at a Teaching Regulation Agency Tribunal, which sat from April 11, 2022 to April 14, 2022. He flashed more than one female member of the public, telling them to "look". The first incident occurred in November 2013, when Mr Ledgister pulled up alongside a woman in his car and exposed himself to her. The 44-year-old shouted "look!" while masturbating. He was employed by Ark Boulton Academy in Birmingham at the time. The second incident took place in June 2017, just seven days after the former teacher resigned from the school. This incident also took place from his car on June 27, 2017. He then moved on to work for an agency as a supply teacher at Small Heath School Birmingham from May 2018. It was around this time, on 8 May 2018, that Mr Ledgister was spotted masturbating in West Smethwick Park. The incident took place less than 45 minutes after he taught a class at Small Heath School. A witness, referred to in the tribunal as Female C, said he was "swinging his penis around like a Catherine wheel". Mr Ledgister was arrested after the incident, which took place in broad daylight. The panel found that Mr Ledgister provided false or misleading information to the police, telling them he was a "labourer", despite the fact he was working as a supply teacher at the time. DON'T MISS: Birmingham Airport sees 'kilometre-long security queues' [REVEAL] Pensioner left with horror injuries after being attacked in his home [REPORT] Chilling moment teenager is arrested at work in JD Sports after murder [VIDEO] While he was later found not guilty of indecent exposure at Black Country Magistrates Court, a tribunal at the Teaching Regulation Agency found all of the allegations proven after the hearing in April 2022. Mr Ledgister denied the allegations. The panel's chair, Emma Moir, banned Mr Ledgister from teaching indefinitely. She said his behaviour "fell significantly short of the standards expected of the profession." She added: "The findings of misconduct are serious, and the conduct displayed would be likely to have a negative impact on Mr Ledgister’s status as a teacher, potentially damaging the public perception. "The panel therefore found that Mr Ledgister’s actions constituted conduct that may bring the profession into disrepute."