Liverpool are taking on Wolves at Anfield on the day of the Premier League season today. The crucial EPL match kicks-off at 4pm, with coverage on Sky Sports beginning at 2.30pm. If you want to tune in you can find the best Sky Sports deals below. Liverpool could potentially wrap up a remarkable treble today - which could end up being a quadruple - if results go their way. Jurgen Klopp's team trail league leaders Manchester City by a point, with the Citizens also having a better goal difference. At the Etihad though City will be looking to secure their next Premier League title with a win against Aston Villa, who are managed by Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard. If City drop points though, and Liverpool win then the Reds will be able to secure a dramatic title win on the final day of the season.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Liverpool vs Wolves on Sky Sports Premier League from 2.30pm, with kick-off at 4pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99 while a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will typically cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 