Piers Morgan was joined by Taliban spokesman Suhail Shaheen to talk about girls' education. After the Taliban gained control again of Afghanistan in 2021, some female rights have been removed and Piers grilled his guest on why there were reports of young girls not being allowed to go to school. The controversial guest whipped fans of his show up into a frenzy with many slamming the host for even giving Suhail airtime.  Piers began by asking: "We have talked about this, just for the record, you have two daughters, do they go to school?" Suhail replied: "Of course, yes. They are observing any hijab, that means we have not denied..." Before he could finish, Piers chimed in, which resulted in the pair speaking over each other for a prolonged time, making it hard for viewers to understand what was being asked or said. Eventually, Piers regained control and asked: "Wait a minute. Your daughters get an education because they do what you tell them." Read More: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President 'It’s so transparent’   As the interview unfolded, the guest said there were "four billion girls" who went to primary school, but when it came to the "issue of secondary school" girls were under "consideration". He added: "We have never said they are banned." "When you say they are under consideration, what do you mean?" Piers questioned. "They are not currently in school. Let them all go back to school."   The TalkTV host was visibly getting riled up, and did not accept his statement the Taliban were going to "talk" about girls going back to school. He demanded to know: "What is there to talk about? "A girl should be entitled to go to school in Afghanistan the same way a boy does." Washing over Piers' probing statement, Suhail said they were working on a "mechanism" so girls could have the same access to education. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]  The argumentative interview stunned fans and left them confused as to why he was brought on to be interviewed in the first place. Viewer James Dawson tweeted: "You're starting criminal activity by interviewing this ****." @jimmyjimjimmy9 said: "Got bored of this after three minutes and back to the football. As always with Piers, lots of questions but not a lot of answers. Pointless." (sic) "Wtaf??? The freaking Taliban? Sweet," @bluemartini1970 chimed in.   