Sebastian Vettel has been asked by Sky Germany how it feels to drive a Red Bull again after Aston Martin were accused of copying Max Verstappen’s car. The 34-year-old won four titles with the Austrian team during the early stages of his career, before joining Ferrari in 2015. Vettel moved to Aston Martin at the start of last year after he and the Scuderia parted ways but suffered a disappointing season as he could only muster a 12th-place finish. Aston Martin have also struggled in the early rounds of the new season and are ninth in the Constructors’ Championship standings after picking up just six points from the first five races. The team have undertaken a major redesign ahead of this weekend’s Spanish Grand Prix but have come under fire as their AMR22 challenger now bears a striking resemblance to Red Bull’s RB18 due to its new-look sidepods. In fact, the Aston Martin car has now been dubbed the “green Red Bull.” And chiefs of the Austrian team appeared to mock their rivals on Friday as they were seen drinking green edition Red Bull energy drinks during practice sessions ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. MUST READ: Ferrari's Charles Leclerc offers confident response to Max Verstappen  Sky Germany then got involved in the bating as they spoke to Vettel. And 1996 F1 champion Damon Hill thinks their question question was droll. “It was a very droll question for Sebastian, who of course won four titles with Red Bull,” Hill told Sky Sports News. They will be a bit downhearted if they are fighting for 10th but if you give them a competitive car the fire is rekindled. “I am sure he is keen to finish on a high. If he is going to finish the last few seasons of his career, he'll want to be up there at the front.” DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton talks up 'winning potential' after Mercedes upgradesLewis Hamilton breaks silence on Michael Masi returning to FIA rumoursHamilton's health may be damaged by Mercedes saga says Ferrari's Sainz     Vettel’s days at the top of the leaderboard are well and truly behind him as he is no longer driving for one of the top teams on the grid. But he will be desperate for his Aston Martin car to be more competitive following its latest upgrade. And the FIA have already confirmed they are happy the Silverstone-backed team aren’t guilty of any wrongdoing following an investigation into their car’s new design. “The investigation, which involved CAD checks and a detailed analysis of the development process adopted by Aston Martin, confirmed that no wrongdoing had been committed, and therefore the FIA considers that the Aston Martin aerodynamic upgrades are compliant,” read a statement from the organisation. 