Johnny Depp has been accused of searching for drugs in ex-wife Amber Heard’s vagina and trying to force her to perform oral sex on him, the actress’ psychologist has told the court. The Black Mass star denies all allegations of abuse. Dr Dawn Hughes, a clinical and forensic psychologist and expert in interpersonal violence, abuse, and traumatic stress, took to the stand yesterday and today as Johnny sues Amber for defamation due to a Washington Post article she wrote about being the victim of domestic abuse. She told the court she had diagnosed Amber with post traumatic stress disorder, caused by "intimate partner violence by Mr Depp”. "There were a number of incidents of sexual violence reported in this relationship. These are documented from early on in Dr Bonnie Jacob's notes,” she said. "Where when Mr Depp was drunk or high he threw her on the bed, ripped off her night gown and tried to have sex with her. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update “There were times when he forced her to give him oral sex, when he was angry. "These weren't in loving moments, these were angry moments, moments of dominance, moments of him trying to get control over her.” Dr Hughes said that Amber had told her Johnny accused men and women of “hitting on” Amber, and blamed Amber for it. "But on that incident when Kelly-Sue was accused of hitting on Miss Heard and they went back into a trailer, Mr Depp performed a cavity search and ostensibly was looking for drugs and felt it acceptable to rip off her nightgown and stick his fingers in her vagina to look for cocaine [he] thought that Miss Heard was hiding in there,” she continued. "Again these incidents often happened in a drug-fuelled rage." Dr Hughes also told the court the Captain Jack Sparrow actor had kicked, punched and choked Amber, and threatened to kill her. She added that she believed Amber’s life was in danger due to the risk of domestic violence in their marriage. Dr Hughes, who was called as the first defence witness in Johnny’s defamation trial against Amber, made the following claims to the court: "Mr Depp threatened to kill her. DON'T MISS...Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PICTURES]Ben Shephard in emotional Tipping Point death announcement [TWITTER]The Chase's Darragh Ennis delights fans as he renames The Beast [NEWS] “The increase in severity of the abuse, the forced sexual activity, the choking behaviour, his obsessive jealousy. “The control aspect and his threatening suicide, to kill himself. “This means a woman is at risk for more serious, more lethal domestic violence." Dr Hughes testified Amber told her Johnny had thrown her on the bed, forcibly tried to have sex with her, and threatened to kill her. “There were a number of physically violent behaviours that Miss Heard recorded and Mr Depp perpetuated,” said Dr Hughes, referring to what Amber told her in their sessions together. “He pushed her, he shoved her, he slapped her with the front of his hand and the back of his hand. “He choked her, he slammed her into the wall, he pushed her and she fell down, he kicked her in the back.” Johnny denies all allegations of abuse, and claims being the implied abuser in the article she wrote destroyed his career. Amber is expected to take to the stand for the first time today. The trial continues.