Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici has reportedly flown to Italy for showdown talks with Antonio Conte about what the future has in store. Conte took the helm in north London in November and guided Spurs to a top-four Premier League finish. Conte headed back to Italy in the aftermath of Spurs’ 5-0 thrashing of Norwich last Sunday as the result cemented the team’s place in next season’s Champions League. And, according to football.london, the former Inter Milan manager is meeting Paratici today to discuss the Lilywhites’ summer transfer plans and what next season will hold. The duo are keen to put a squad together that can compete strongly in the Premier League and Champions League. There is a feeling at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium that Conte is happy with the ambition being shown in north London to kick-on next season in the quest for silverware. And people around the 52-year-old are expecting him to stay in his current post next season, despite suggestions he could turn his back on the club. Conte still has one more year remaining on the contract he signed when he took charge of Spurs last year - and Tottenham’s confidence that their boss won’t be leaving this summer is illustrated by the fact that chairman Daniel Levy won’t be travelling to Italy to see him. READ MORE: Liverpool 'hold talks with Harry Kane' as striker set to make decision    Levy will be desperate for Conte to stay in England after the Italian helped Spurs climb from ninth when he took over to fourth in the space of seven months. But following his side’s victory over the Canaries last Sunday, Conte was unwilling to put an end to the speculation around his future. “I always said at the end of the season, we will speak with the club and find the best solution for me and the club,” Conte told reporters. “Now for me, the club and the players it’s good to have three, four, five days of rest. Then with the mind clear, you can consider the whole season. You have to be calm before you talk. “There is a lot of emotion in my mind, my heart now. For this reason, it would be good to rest for four or five days, meet the club and find the best possible solution. DON'T MISS Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Alli before Spurs bonuses kick in Newcastle 'ready to make £30m bid' after Aston Villa snatch Carlos Liverpool warned using family link to sign Bellingham won't work      “In a short time, I worked a lot with my players to bring this club to play in the Champions League. I want to consider this qualification like a trophy. In my mind, my heart, my head, I know what we did in these seven months. I want to celebrate and we’ll have time to speak with the club about everything.” Conte is said to be after at least six new players to help his side improve their mentality in the big moments if he does stick around. And Inter duo Alessandro Bastoni and Ivan Perisic have both been linked with Spurs in recent days. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 