Manchester United are reportedly 'in pole position' to sign Napoli striker Victor Osimhen. Erik ten Hag is set to embark on his first transfer window in charge of the Red Devils and he could be handed a welcome gift in the shape of the Nigeria international. United are likely to make major additions to their underperforming squad. With Edinson Cavani set to leave at the end of his contract, recruiting up top could be a priority. Osimhen has been linked with a move to the Premier League in recent weeks. And Italian outlet La Repubblica says United are leading the way for his signature. Napoli value the forward at around £85million (€100m), an asking price that has not put off United so far. The report says they have long held an interest in the 23-year-old and there is a strong possibility this Sunday's match at Spezia will be his last for the Serie A side. READ MORE: Tottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League  United are ready to knock at the door of Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis in an attempt to sign Osimhen. The forward has 14 goals in 26 Serie A appearances this season. He missed a chunk of the campaign after fracturing his cheekbone last November. But he has seemingly done enough to catch the eye of United. Napoli signed Osimhen from Lille in the summer of 2020 for an initial fee of around £60m. Arsenal have also been linked with the striker but Napoli's asking price could be too steep for the Gunners. Cristiano Ronaldo is United's leading goalscorer this season. But, at 37, they may not be able to rely on the Portugal superstar much longer. DON'T MISSLiverpool legend Steve Nicol slams Jurgen Klopp and declares 'you're not a special case' [QUOTES]Tottenham and Chelsea 'join Man City' in transfer race for Marc Cucurella as 'price set' [GOSSIP]Arsenal can still sign five exciting players even without Champions League [TRANSFERS]  Anthony Martial could well follow Cavani through the exit door at Old Trafford after spending the second half of this season on loan at Sevilla. Marcus Rashford has struggled throughout this campaign, whereas Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. Signing a striker therefore could be one of the main tasks for Ten Hag this summer. Ronaldo's future has also been in doubt but he claimed last week that he was excited by the arrival of Ten Hag. He told the official United website: “What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he’s an experienced coach. But we need to give him time. “Things need to change in the way he wants. I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here