Holby City actress Rosie Marcel has revealed that she was rushed to hospital to undergo emergency surgery earlier in the week. Taking to Instagram, the actress, 44, shared a snap of herelf in hospital which showed her lying on a bed while connected to wires. In view of her 102,000 followers, Rosie told how she was in hospital. She wrote: "Ended up at the old emergency room the other night. "Stoke Mandeville is my new local ish hospital and they were brilliant," she gushed. The star went on: "Ambulance crew were amazing too. READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo "Had surgery the next day and home soon after that. "Very very grateful to the nhs for looking after me and treating me quickly. (sic) "#fentanyl #morphine all the good stuff!!! #nhs" she ended her post. Following her post, the star's followers were quick to take to the comments with messages of support. Instagram user  lil_bit_of_chiz wrote: "Oh no. Praying for a speedy recovery," alongside two red hearts. lexiesb29 penned: "Hope you get well soon. I bet you get some funny reactions when they see “Jac Naylor” rock up," (sic) they wrote next to a laughing face. One follower told how she had initially been left confused after thinking that the post had something to do with Holby City. Em_stacie added: "Generally though this was a holby post. The NHS is amazing. Hope your feeling better soon." (sic) DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [INSIGHT]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine 'dumbfounded' by Brexit's lack of impact [ANALYSIS]Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [UPDATE] Rosie has played consultant cardiothoracic surgeon Jac Naylor on Holby City since 2005. The final episode of the popular BBC drama aired at the end of March and saw Rosie's character Jac wake up from a life-or-death operation after a team removed her brain tumour. Earlier in the year, Rosie took to her social media to mark the occasion by sharing some of her favourite snaps with co-stars. She wrote: "These are a few of my favourite things…. Well peeps. Does that work?? "The gorgeous Bob who will always be my dearest friend. The incredible @ptjb for just being him and that means being incredibly supportive and loving. "And Alex walkinshaw. Couldn’t have done it without him. Last video was to @msjomartin "I was detailing a recipe created by @valetta86 my cousin for her Christmas dinner and getting it wrong. "You can tell by Alex’s face that I’d been going on for some time!! I’ll be dumping a lot of holby pictures for the next few days/weeks on here," she promised her fans.