Chelsea will reportedly put star midfielder N’Golo Kante up for sale at a reduced price this summer - and Manchester United could attempt to lure him to Old Trafford. Kante has been a key player for the Blues since joining them six years ago but only started 21 Premier League matches last season. Kante moved to the Premier League in 2015 when he joined Leicester from French side Caen for just £6million. And he had an instant impact in England as he helped the Foxes land the Premier League title against the odds. His success in the east Midlands meant Chelsea were willing to shell out six times the amount Leicester had paid for him - but the fee proved to be a bargain. Since moving to Stamford Bridge, Kante has been a prominent figure at the heart of the Blues’ team and has won the Premier League, the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the FA Cup. But last season, Kante endured a spate of injuries and was forced to miss crucial matches for his side. And at the age of 31, his injury problems could worsen. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game'    Kante has just one more year remaining on his contract in west London. And, according to The Athletic, Chelsea are considering moving him on. United were offered Kante in 2020 when Frank Lampard was in charge as some Blues staff thought the 2018 World Cup winner’s best days were behind him. No deal was struck on that occasion, but the Red Devils could decide to go after the energetic midfielder this summer as new boss Erik ten Hag looks to rebuild his squad. United suffered a miserable campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick as they exited the cup competitions in the early rounds and ultimately finished a lowly sixth in the Premier League. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'could submit first Nkunku bid next week' with agent talks underwayCristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd starLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration      United midfielders Scott McTominay and Fred came under fire during the last campaign - and the arrival of Kante would certainly come as a boost to Ten Hag. But the Dutchman would have to be confident that the France international could stay fit throughout the campaign. “He is our key, key, key player but key, key, key players need to be on the pitch,” Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel said recently. “And if he plays only 40 per cent of the games, it is maybe a miracle that we arrive in third place. He is our Mo Salah, our Virgil van Dijk, our Kevin De Bruyne. He is the guy who makes the difference and if you only have him 40 per cent, it is a huge problem.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here