The kidnappers, in their 30s, reportedly let the child go after being bitten by the family’s dog. The incident took place at The Mount, Ringwood, Hampshire on Wednesday morning when a woman was with her daughter and her dog.  The mother-daughter duo was approached by two men, who were interested in the pet between 10.40 am and 10.50 am, the Mail Online reported. The police are investigating the matter and are looking out for the two men. According to officials, police are hunting two men in their late 30s who attempted to kidnap the girl. One of the men then picked up the little girl and ran with her, her mother said.   He let the child go after the family dog bit the man on his leg, as he was running, according to the police. A Hampshire police spokesman said: “A woman and her two-year-old daughter were approached by two men who showed an interest in her dog. “The woman reported that one of the men then picked up her daughter and ran with her towards a nearby housing estate. The child was let go after the dog bit the man on his leg. “The young girl, and her mother, are being supported by specialist officers who are at this early stage trying to ascertain the exact circumstances of what happened and they are currently dealing with it as an attempted kidnapping.” READ MORE: Twelve police cars swoop on funeral wake to arrest three men  The two men are described as white, in their late 30s, both approximately 5ft 7ins tall, wearing caps — with one wearing light blue jeans and the other dark jeans, the police said. Detective Inspector Janine Bradley told the Southern Daily Echo: “We fully appreciate that this incident will have a significant impact on the community, and we want to reassure the public that we are taking this report very seriously. “Our officers are carrying out extensive inquiries in the local area - including house-to-house visits, scoping CCTV, and there will be high-visibility patrols in the area to reassure the community.” She went on: “If you see our officers and have information pertaining to this incident, please speak with them. DON'T MISS:Horror as plane carrying 11 passengers ‘crashes'Putin humiliation as Ukraine pushes back Russian troops William praised by royal fans for tribute to Manchester attack victims “This occurred in a residential area, during broad daylight, and we would implore anyone who may have seen or heard what happened to come forward. “Perhaps you are aware of someone who has today suffered a dog bite to their leg? “Any information, no matter how small or insignificant you believe it to be, could really help aid our ongoing investigation and identify those responsible.” She added: “Likewise, we would like to ask local residents to review any CCTV or doorbell camera footage that they may have which may have captured the moments leading up to, during or after the incident, to make contact with us.” Anyone with information is asked to call Hampshire Police on 101, quoting ID 44220185316 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. 