Archie, three, lives in an £11million mansion in Montecito, California. He is neighbours with celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres. What is his family home like inside? Meghan Markle and Prince Harry moved to the Montecito area in March 2020 after stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family. They have released images and clips from inside their home via Zoom calls and interviews that they’ve done.  Luxury Interior Designer Sanel Konyar and Founder of Interior Kollection, an online interiors emporium, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to talk about the interiors of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s home. She spoke about recurring themes inside Meghan and Harry’s home based on rare insights the couple has shared. Sanel said: “The interiors have modern, neutral, and muted tones which allow the interior to flow effortlessly from room to room and thoughtful and stylised accessories." The expert expanded on whether the interiors are more Meghan or Harry's influences. She continued: “I think it does have a feminine feel to the colour scheme and chosen accessories. “However, like most couples we work with on our interior design projects, I would imagine that both generally sign off the finished designs before commencing.   “It may be that Meghan took the lead in initiating the design brief and feel for their new home, but I would suggest that both were involved at various stages of the design process." There are a lot of cream, white and gold interiors inside their home which has been made apparent from Zoom interviews they've done. What does this reveal about the couple's tastes and/or personalities? Sanel added: "I think as a cosmopolitan young modern couple, it reflects their love of contemporary luxury design and trends with a nod towards heritage perfectly. “They have created a luxury modern living space that also pays homage to their love of heritage.   “Note the large rustic wooden table complete with carved legs and what looks like the original stone-clad fireplace. “These are traditional design aspects. “Even the fireguard has an art deco feel to its ironwork.” Have these interior designs been chosen for a reason? The expert said: “Leading such busy lives means that home becomes a sanctuary, a place of rest, peace and quiet, and their interior design reflects this.   “Personality-wise, I would say this type of client interior brief is most popular with well-travelled, high flying, celebrity and busy executive clients who desire a haven of tranquillity.” How different is the inside of their home from more traditional royal homes in the UK where Harry would have grown up? The expert commented: "Obviously, Montecito is a significantly younger build than the period properties that Harry would have grown up in. “So naturally, it lends itself to a different interior design approach. “I don't think many of us would hark back to recreating the home decor in which we grew up.  “Meghan and Harry are very much embracing modern interior design yet retaining a nod towards classical overtones." Do the couple seem happy with their home? Sanel noted: "Their home has some wonderful personal touches. “For instance, original pieces of modern art and various books that clearly mean something to the couple. “This is certainly not a show home, but a much-loved family home and a clear declaration of their newfound independence." 