Comedian Jimmy Carr has spoken out after Dave Chappelle was "attacked on stage" as he performed at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles on Tuesday night as part of the Netflix Is A Joke festival. The funnyman, 49, reached out to the actor who continued his set after the attack as it was reported he was rushed at by a man carrying a replica gun. The incident occured at the end of Chappelle's show when the star was thanking his fellow performers. According to witnesses, the comedian was tackled to the ground by a man who rushed at him on stage. In view of his 6.7 million followers, Jimmy sent a message of support to his fellow comedian while sharing a smiling selfie with him. He wrote: "The Hollywood Bowl show with the legendary Dave Chappelle was crazy. READ MORE: Kailia Posey dead: Toddlers and Tiaras star dies aged 16 "Just happy everyone’s ok," he added. Footage circulating on social media shows the comedian standing on stage when a man rushes at him and attempts to tackle him to the ground. However, despite the attack, it was reported Chappelle continued with the show. He later told the audience: "I don’t know if that was part of the show or… I grabbed the back of that n****s head, his hair was spongy, absorbant. "Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time," he said at the end of his set. Following the attack, witness claimed to have seen several people piling on to the the man. Responding to Carr's tweet, his social media followers expressed their relief that the comedian is ok. @HaHaHyenasNFT replied: "Wow crazy! Now we are going to need an army of security around every big comedian while they perform." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson blasts Putin’s office: ‘Decorated it by spending £1... [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton returns to Instagram without wedding ring after split [UPDATE]Dan Walker admits 'surreal' feeling over last day on BBC Breakfast [ANALYSIS] While @JUGLAT simply replied: "Two icons." Musician E5quire was among the first to tweet about the incident. In view of his 40,800 followers, he wrote: "#DaveChappelle just got attacked on stage at #HollywoodBowl while making jokes. I’ve officially seen it all.’" The singer posted a clip of the "aftermath" of the incident to his account, he claimed: "#DaveChappelle was just finishing his show. "He was doing his final commentary as he usually does asking for the OG comedians to come back on stage so he can have the crowd give them a round of applause… "Suddenly a random person sitting in the front row jumped on stage and ran straight at him," he added. He went on: "He tackled Dave and they both went to the floor and began wrestling when everyone ran onstage to help, including Dave’s security. "The man was then grabbed by a number of people and taken backstage and probably didn’t make it out alive for all we know. "Dave then came out from the back and this is where the video starts…" the singer finished. A video pertaining to be of Chappelle's attacker being put into an ambulance on a stretcher was also being circulated on the social media platform.