Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) faces an uncertain future in Yellowstone season five given the chaotic fourth run’s finale. Heading into the fifth series of the Paramount drama, Jamie is being blackmailed by adoptive sister Beth (Kelly Reilly) and is now completely under John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) order after being caught in the act of dumping his biological father Garrett Randall’s (Will Patton) body. Rip (Cole Hauser), on the other hand, has a much brighter future ahead given how season four ended for him. The Yellowstone Ranch’s resident enforcer finally tied the knot with John’s daughter and childhood sweetheart Beth. While it was in rather unconventional circumstances, Rip and Beth have formed a dysfunctional family unit after assuming care of runaway youngster Carter (Finn Little). But now, some fans have spotted some deep parallels between Jamie and Rip which may suggest their stories could align. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica to help Jamie escape blackmail? Taking to Reddit, user Catharpin363 put forward the evidence to the theory. They said: “Large-canvas spoilers for character backgrounds revealed in the last couple of seasons. “Consider all the similarities in the ways Rip and Jamie started out: 1) Both were sons of screwed-up families torn apart by lethal violence. “2) Both were, for all intents and purposes, orphaned - Rip literally, Jamie by his father's prison sentence. 3) Each somehow ended up on the Dutton family's radar enough to be taken in - for life.” The Yellowstone fan added:  “So: Why does Jamie get legally adopted into the family - with the name, the wealth, the big role to play in a bright future - while Rip is an eternal ranch hand and on-call murderer who still calls John ‘sir’ after decades in the fold? “Was it that Rip was older and had already demonstrated his flair for violence, while Jamie was younger (an infant?) and therefore more... malleable?” With so many questions surrounding the duo, could season five finally be the time to put them on an even keel? As this fan has exposed the parallels Rip and Jamie possess, could it be time for more to come to fruition on-screen? DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Kayce to abandon Dutton Ranch after clue?Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move arounYellowstone season 5 theory: John Dutton to lose ranch in 1883 clue Jamie could be in line for a similar sort of arc to Rip’s if their similarities continue to be explored. And with Jamie now fully at John’s beck and call, the Dutton patriarch will likely want him on the ranch to keep a close eye on him. After all, with John running for governor, Jamie’s future in Montanan politics looks dead in the water. While Rip looks immovable as John’s righthand man, John could begin to mould him more into the man Rip is. After all, Jamie’s career in politics was merely to appease his father and ensure the crafty ways in which the Dutton operate stayed out of the spotlight. Could John manipulate Jamie once more to take over things on the ranch the way he wants it? Rip could be set for an even bigger role given he’s now a fully-fledged family member after tying the knot with Beth. So if Rip moves up, maybe to even work with John in his governor campaign, Jamie could be the man used to run things on the ranch. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 will arrive on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.