Manchester City have reached an agreement in principle to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund this summer. And that could put the Citizens in the driving seat to taste Premier League and Champions League glory next season. But Liverpool will be desperate to keep the pressure on Pep Guardiola’s side and compete for honours once again. And Express Sport takes a look at four blockbuster options the Reds could pursue as they look to react to Haaland’s arrival in Manchester. Kylian Mbappe Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappe had looked set to depart France and head to Real Madrid this summer when his contract at the Parc des Princes comes to an end. But his future is now up in the air and he has been tipped to head to Liverpool instead. Like Haaland, Mbappe is regarded as one of the best young strikers on the planet and his arrival at Anfield would come as a huge boost to Jurgen Klopp’s side. The 23-year-old has bagged a staggering 35 goals and 24 assists in all competitions this season. And if he could quickly find his feet in the Premier League, the Reds would surely find themselves in yet another title race. Cody Gakpo PSV winger Cody Gakpo is another player who knows where the back of the net is and has racked up an impressive 21 goals and 15 assists throughout the current campaign. Klopp already has an abundance of attacking talent at his disposal - but the futures of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are uncertain as the duo are out of contract next summer and are yet to put pen-to-paper on new deals. READ MORE: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah  So if Klopp is after another talented attacker, Gakpo could be his man. The 23-year-old has his best years ahead of him and could light up the Premier League in the same way Luis Diaz has since his January move from Porto. Jude Bellingham If Klopp decides he doesn’t need another attacking player, he could instead turn his attentions to his midfield and attempt to prise Jude Bellingham away from Dortmund. The 18-year-old has become a key player at Signal Iduna Park since joining from Birmingham in 2020 and already has plenty of Champions League experience under his belt.  With 31-year-old Jordan Henderson being rotated at times this season, Klopp may be keen to find a long-term replacement for his captain. And Bellingham could be the man to make the Merseysiders tick in the middle of the pitch for years to come. Aurelien Tchouameni If Klopp misses out on Bellingham, he could instead go after Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. The 22-year-old has played 48 times for his club this season and is viewed as one of the most promising midfielders in Europe, having won eight caps for France since making his debut last September. Tchouameni has been tipped to move on to bigger and better things - and Liverpool could well come calling. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 