 During the Queen’s Speech, which was led by Prince Charles, it was announced that a new Transport Bill would be introduced. Speaking at the event, the Prince of Wales said: “My Government will improve transport across the United Kingdom, delivering safer, cleaner services and enabling more innovations.  “Legislation will be introduced to modernise rail services and improve reliability for passengers.” The purpose of the bill is to simplify the railways and keep the UK at the forefront of transport innovation by helping to decarbonise transport. One of the main benefits of the bill would be to enable the installation of more electric vehicle charge points throughout the UK. This will help move the country towards the Government’s aim of transitioning away from new petrol and diesel car and van sales by 2030. READ MORE: Pensioner hit with £170 fine after parking row  It is hoped the move will build public confidence to switch to zero emission vehicles. Reacting to the announcement of the Transport Bill, Edmund King, AA President, said: "The world of transport is changing rapidly with new innovations and technologies for consumers to choose from. “Regardless of how people travel, we must keep the consumer at the heart of it. “For car owners, the drive towards electrification needs more support and we are pleased to see more emphasis on boosting the public charging network. DON'T MISSLoophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars [SHOCKING]POLL: Do you think cyclists or drivers should have priority? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [WARNING]  “As well as installing more chargepoints, we need to ensure they are reliable, easy to use, safe and accessible to all. “Similarly, drivers will need to be part of the conversation when it comes to introducing more autonomous technology in cars. “Drivers are not quite ready to take their hands off the wheel and are nervous about handing over responsibility to the car but are supportive of technology such as autonomous emergency braking which enhances safety. “With e-scooters and other forms of micro-mobility popping up more frequently on UK roads, it makes sense that safety regulation should come first.  “If introduced alongside appropriate infrastructure, e-mobility could help provide a positive shift in greener localised travel both for individuals and last-mile freight.” The new bill will also look at introducing new laws that safely enable self-driving and remotely operated vehicles and vessels. Legislation for self-driving vehicles will enable an emerging UK sector in this new technology, predicted by the Connected Places Catapult in 2020 to be worth £41.7billion to the UK economy by 2035 and expected to create 38,000 new skilled jobs. The Government estimates that the UK could take a market share of 10 percent from a global autonomous shipping market worth £110billion by 2030.  Adam Norris, Founder of Pure Electric, commented on the Queen’s Speech, praising the opportunities on offer for motorists. He said: “We are delighted to see the Government commit to new legislation to encourage transport innovation and enable greater consumer choice. “While we still need more detail on what this means for e-scooters, this development is an important first step towards delivering legalisation. "We know that there’s particular demand for e-scooters amongst lower earners, with over 13 million people earning under £25,000 a year considering using an e-scooter if they were legalised. “Amid soaring fuel and rail costs, unlocking the safe and legal use of e-scooters has the potential to revolutionise commuting at a time when people are facing cost of living pressures. “We would urge the Government to act quickly to confirm their intention to bring forward e-scooter legalisation at the earliest opportunity, including this in the Transport Bill. “We will continue campaigning for high standards and working with the Government to shape the detail of regulation.”