Lady Louise, 18, was among the performers in the first major event taking place to celebrate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. The Queen was seen looking emotional as her granddaughter led a horse parade in a carriage owned by the late Duke of Edinburgh. Speaking on Good Morning Britiain about the moving moment, ITV News' royal editor Chris Ship said: "You've just drawn attention to the monent that Lady Louise Windsor, Edward and Sophie's daughter, rode into the arena in the carriage that was bequeathed to her by the Duke of Edinburgh. "No wonder the Queen, at times, look a little emotional". The Queen watched on with pride as Lady Louise entered the arena. The tribute was a fitting way to honour the late Duke as the Queen marks 70-years on the throne after a year of mourning for her husband. READ MORE: Royal Family: Harry and Meghan face Netflix pressure to break Queen's 'ring of steel' The 18-year-old, the elder child of the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward, inherited her love for carriage driving from her late grandfather, Prince Philip. Carriage driving was one of Prince Philip's favourite past-times. In May 2017, Prince Philip spoke about how he took up carriage driving when he stopped playing polo at the age of 50. Prince Philip passed away in April 2021. READ MORE: 'It feels odd!' Meghan and Harry's US fans perplexed as to why they hide children Prince Philip's funeral took place last April at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. The world was moved after pictures, from the funeral, emerged showing the Queen sitting alone and wearing a mask. The funeral was held during the third national lockdown, which meant only 30 people were in attendance. DON'T MISS On March 29, almost a year after his passing, a memorial service for the late Duke was held at Westminster Abbey. The service was attended by almost 2,000 people. Guest included members of the Royal Family, more than 30 foreign royals, and 500 representatives from charities and organisations of which he was patron.