After Mino Raiola’s untimely death, reports have revealed an exchange he previously had with Tottenham chief Daniel Levy. The super-agent tragically passed away at the age of 54 on Saturday. And he’ll be remembered as one of the best supremos in the game, even if he didn’t always get along with leading figures at big clubs. It was wrongly claimed earlier in the week that Raiola had died after a short illness. However, it was then confirmed on Saturday that he’d passed away at the age of 54 - with his family confirming the news via a statement. Now, the Daily Mail have opened up on Raiola and how he’d conduct business behind the scenes. It’s claimed that, when Moise Kean’s move to Tottenham to Juventus collapsed, Raiola reportedly ‘had no qualms chastening the club’s leading figures’. That includes Levy the Tottenham chief who had been keen to bring Kean to north London. Raiola apparently berated the Spurs chief for how the club had ‘let down’ his client. A club insider is quoted as saying: “He was fearless, it wasn't a nice experience. “Yet in a way you had to admire him for having the balls to do it. He was all for the players.” Raiola developed a reputation for being one of the shrewdest, and most-difficult, agents in the game. But, underneath that image, it appears there was far more to the 54-year-old than meets the eye. Raiola was fiercely protective of his players, always putting their interests first. After all, that was his job. As well as Kean, he also managed superstars such as Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Erling Haaland. Raiola was fluent in seven languages and he’s described as ‘gregarious, witty and caring in company.’ And the footballing world is now set to mourn the loss of one of its biggest characters. Questions will be raised over the futures of his client, with the futures of Pogba and Haaland particularly uncertain. Whereas Ibrahimovic is likely to stay at Milan for another year, Raiola’s other two A-list players could be on the move. Pogba is yet to sign a new contract at Manchester United and, therefore, will be allowed to leave for free. Haaland is likely to join Manchester City from Borussia Dortmund, though Real Madrid remain in the hunt to secure his signature. Regarding Raiola, his family pay tribute to him with their statement on Saturday. In infinite sorrow, we share the passing of the most caring and amazing football agent that ever was. "Mino fought until the end with the same strength he put on negotiation tables to defend our players,” it read. “As usual, Mino made us proud and never realised it. "Mino touched so many lives through his work and wrote a new chapter in the history of modern football. “His presence will forever be missed. "Mino's mission of making football a better place for players will continue with the same passion."