After earlier speculation that they may not attend, it was recently confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be visiting the UK to join in celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next month. Although it was reported that the Jubilee balcony appearance will only include current senior working royals, the couple have been given some hope that they could still be included as the appearances are "decided by the Queen" and "if [the] Queen wants them on the balcony, they will be". Sky News presenter Kay Burley was joined by royal expert Robert Jobson on Monday's show. Ms. Burley asked Mr Jobson if we will see "them [Harry and Meghan] on the balcony?". Mr Jobson replied: "We are told not, but the final decision will be down to Her Majesty. "If she wants her family on the balcony, she includes that very much that they are part of her family, they'll be on the balcony", adding "let's see". READ MORE: Queen still hopes to attend Chelsea Flower Show with Sophie 'Look forward to seeing her' Mr Jobson added: "This is a time for joy and celebration. He concluded: "Whether they are on the balcony or not, it's down to Her Majesty, if she wants them there, that's good enough for me". Last month, NBC Today’s Hoda Kotb sat down for an interview with Prince Harry. During the interview, he discussed the Jubilee and replied "I don't know yet" when asked if he, Meghan, and their children will be joining the Royal Family in the June celebrations. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry send California crowd wild as Duchess kisses Duke at charity polo match Harry added: "There's lots of things, security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can... get my kids to meet [the Queen]." Meghan and Harry attended the Invictus Games last month. On their way to The Hague, the couple made a UK pitstop to visit the 96-year-old in Windsor. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [VIDEO] Buckingham Palace confirmed earlier this month the Queen will appear on the balcony with a limited number of Royal Family members. Only working relatives, including Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall as well as Prince Willia, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and their children, are likely to appear. The historic four-day bank holiday weekend for the Platinum Jubilee will begin on June 2. The Queen began her 70-year reign in 1952.