Sergio Perez delivered the ideal response to Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle as the Red Bull driver notched his first F1 Grand Prix win of the season in Monaco. In a thrilling finish, Perez held off Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz following a dramatic race, which was initially delayed due to heavy rain and then restarted after 30 laps following a crash from Haas driver Mick Schumacher. World championship leader Max Verstappen was third, whilst Charles Leclerc, who had started on pole but paid the price for a delayed first pit stop, finished fourth. It was a third F1 win for Perez, although he could well have been celebrating back-to-back victories had things worked out differently in Spain seven days earlier. The 32-year-old was leading in Barcelona in the closing stages, only to be ordered by his team to let Verstappen through, with the pair having been on different strategies. He initially vented his fury over team radio, saying "it wasn't fair" with Christian Horner later moving to deny any suggestions of a rift. However, commentator Brundle backed Red Bull's call, given the Dutchman is considered most likely to deliver the team a title: "While it doesn't play out well for the team or either driver, if I was on the Red Bull pit wall I'd have done the same and taken the flak," he said. JUST IN: Nico Rosberg calls out Eric Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis Hamilton  "The speed of Leclerc in the Ferrari had been impressive, season-long you'd put your money on Verstappen to take the fight to him most consistently," he continued. "And as we saw with last year's championship a seven-point swing between first and second could be critical.” However, Sunday's result keeps Perez in the hunt himself, with the gap between him in third - and his teammate at the top - down to 15 points. Leclerc lies between the pair, six points ahead of Perez. Red Bull's lead over Ferrari in the constructors' race now stands at 36 points. DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle gets sassy with Bridgerton star Simone Ashley's bodyguard at Monaco GPMonaco Grand Prix at centre of huge watch row which could see race axed from calendarChristian Horner accuses Sky Sports commentator of enjoying a boozy night out at Monaco GP As for Brundle, it perhaps wasn't the response of Perez he would have been most worried about in Monaco. He found himself rebuked by security guards as he attempted to talk to Bridgerton star Simone Ashley ahead of the race. Brundle was conducting interviews before the race as part of his traditional grid walk. Moments later, Brundle faced similar difficulty with Patrick Dempsey’s security team.