Erik ten Hag has been denied his preferred replacement for Manchester United outcast Aaron Wan-Bissaka ahead of a crucial first transfer window at the Old Trafford helm. Ten Hag will take charge of United at the end of the season, ending his successful four-and-a-half-year spell as Ajax manager. The 52-year-old Dutchman has naturally been linked with bringing some of Ajax's biggest stars with him to M16. He is understood to be targeting highly-rated duo, centre-back Jurrien Timber and right-winger Antony, but the former isn't the only defender he wants to join him in the Premier League. According to Mirror Football, Ten Hag was interested in making Ajax right-back Noussair Mazraoui one of his first signings as United manager after identifying the full-back areas as problem positions. Mazraoui has regularly featured throughout his reign in Amsterdam and will be available as a free agent on July 1. However, the report claims the 24-year-old has decided against following Ten Hag to England in favour of a move to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich. Despite United offering a 'more lucrative financial package' and a chance to start as a first-choice option, he prefers a switch to Bavaria, where Champions League football and almost-guaranteed silverware is on offer. JUST IN: Declan Rice reacts to Man Utd transfer rumours as teammates mock fee Missing out on continuing his journey with the Morocco international will come as a blow to Ten Hag, who has a significant job on his hands. And it could lead to him giving Wan-Bissaka a chance to prove he can be coached into the style of right-back he needs to implement his style. Diogo Dalot has shown signs of promise after replacing the £50million man as the club's starting star under Ralf Rangnick. The 23-year-old is widely expected to remain at Old Trafford, regardless of whether Ten Hag targets new talent at right-back. READ MORE: Tottenham plans may frustrate Conte as he 'seeks eight signings' United are likely to look like a different outfit next season, with Ten Hag set to be backed with north of £100m in the market - a total that will increase based on player sales. And, like Mazraoui, several current first-team players are expected to leave on free transfers. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are all set for the exit door. Phil Jones, Eric, Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe, Alex Telles and Cristiano Ronaldo are just a handful of contracted players with uncertain futures. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.