Gethin Jones, 44, has addressed his absence from Strictly Come Dancing's spin-off show, It Takes Two. The star explained that he was surprised he was able to do the show, adding it could be stressful at times.  In a new interview, the TV presenter said that he hasn’t ruled out returning to It Takes Two but explained why he has stayed away from the show.  The spin-off show acts as a companion to the main programme, which began in 2004.  In 2019, Rylan Clark began presenting the show alongside Zoe Ball, Ian Waite and Vicky Gill.  Janette Manrara has since replaced Zoe on the show. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Gethin was in the show as a roving reporter. The star was part of the show for four years before he quit last year. He spoke to Radio Times about his absence from the show. Gethin was asked if he would ever return to the programme as a reporter again. He responded saying he didn’t want to “rule anything out.”  The host said: “I’ve not ruled anything out.  “But doing Morning Live every day is relentless.  “You might think it’s just 9-10am, but I like to go out and do vox pops and do a few filmed reports too. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “I’m still a massive fan of Strictly, it’s such a well-oiled machine. I do wonder how I did it sometimes!” Gethin spoke last year in an exclusive interview with Express online about his reasons for leaving It Takes Two. He discussed his duties at Morning Live and how they were keeping him very busy. Gethin also discussed his living situation and explained that he was unable to currently live at home. The former Blue Peter host was asked about his living situation and said he was waiting for his “new digs” to become available to move into. He said he was currently staying at a friend’s house in Manchester. The star was also asked what the view was like from the sofa. In reply, he said that it’s “whichever part of the sofa I’m allowed to sit on in an evening." He furthered: “But I’ve got the Morning Live sofa, and the view from that is gorgeous.” Gethin concluded that since the Morning Live studio moved from London to Manchester, it has begun to feel like home. Read the full interview in this week’s Radio Times.