Rachael, a committed vegan, said that any conversations about giving dogs vegan food online “goes horribly, horribly horribly”. The owner of a pair of pups added she'd not made the decision for solely ideological reasons like others, but instead because it had seen a medical condition in one clear up. She said: “I can’t make my dogs vegan any more than I can make them support Labour.” Switching pets to a meatless diet has grown in popularity in recent years, as people search for more ethical ways to live their life. A change to veganism is sometimes attributed to a moral dislike for harming animals or concerns for the environmental impact the meat industry is having on the planet. However, critics suggest that dogs, alongside other pets, should be fed on a diet that resembles what they are naturally accustomed to. READ MORE: Veterinarian warns against common mistakes when making dogs vegan Advice for dog owners on vegan food remains sceptical.The Pet Food Manufacturers Association (PFMA) says that “dogs are omnivores and can adapt to well-balanced vegetarian diets”. However, it warns pet owners to have vegan dog food “carefully checked by a vet or animal nutritionist", as they may be deficient in key nutrients. It adds in a fact sheet: “Meticulous attention to detail would be needed to assure nutritional adequacy and palatability.” The PFMA also cites studies which suggest that dogs fed a purely vegetarian diet are often lacking protein and other essential nutrients. However, these studies are said to be old, and pre-date the recent trend for vegan pet foods. For the British Veterinary Association (BVA), further research is required to support the use of vegan dog food before it is considered safe. Justine Shotton, president of the BVA, said: “We don’t recommend it yet, just because the long-term studies haven’t been done. “While the short-term studies that we’ve seen suggest it could be just as good as other types of food, there hasn’t been the evidence base of lifelong studies of feeding these pets these foods.” DON'T MISSJust Eat success uncovers 'greedy' takeaway owner's £350k tax fraud [REVEALED] Should government pay to replace ALL boilers with heat pumps? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return [LATEST] Despite being a vegan, Rachel said she didn't feel she could extend her diet to her two dogs – a border terrier and a labrador. She told the Guardian: “I’d always been very much of the opinion: of course dogs need meat – they’re carnivores. They’re descended from wolves – they have to have it.” However, she was swayed by the advice of Dr Arielle Griffiths, a vet and vegan food champion for pets. She believes that a plant-based diet may help tackle the frequent obesity she sees in cats and dogs. Even though she had her mind changed, Rachel – who chose not to give her surname for fear of online reprisals– said many others react angrily to the change. She said: “On Facebook, I’ve tried entering into conversations with people a couple of times. “It goes horribly, horribly, horribly. I’ve had people say they want me arrested and imprisoned.” However, a “very happy side-effect” of the change has been that her terrier’s life-long stomach issues have cleared up, after a series of failed diet changes. Before switching to a vegan diet, Rachel had tried a raw meat diet, trying “every animal under the sun” – including crocodile and black soldier fly larvae. After testing a vegan diet on her labrador – which has “an iron constitution” – which she said he took to, she switched her terrier to plant-based food. While not completely gone, the decade-long stomach issues that had plagued the dicky dog are “almost cured”. In spite of her apparent successes with veganism, Rachel still remains wary about suggesting all dogs are capable of being meat free. She said: “My dogs are my absolute world, and I would never do anything that I felt could jeopardise their health or happiness just because it would make me feel better. “I don’t say that my dogs are vegan. I can’t make my dogs vegan any more than I can make them support Labour.”