White vinegar and baking soda have been used when cleaning the home for several years and they are extremely versatile. The combination tends to be used to clean items like the carpet, targeting limescale and cleaning a toilet. According to one expert, it can also be used when doing laundry to help remove stains and odours. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, the world’s leading on-demand laundry and dry-cleaning service, told Express.co.uk: “Use white vinegar and baking soda as a gentler alternative to laundry detergent. “As your clothing gets older and more worn, it becomes increasingly defenceless against the harsh chemicals in laundry detergents. “A cheap and gentle substitute for detergent is a solution of baking soda and white vinegar. “Add half a cup of both ingredients into your washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean your clothing, particularly your whites, and neutralise any unwanted scents.” READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Baking soda can also help soften wash water, meaning clothing may come out of the machine softer. The combination of household essentials can also be used as a fabric softener replacement. Deyan said: “Rather than forking out extra cash on fabric softener, white vinegar is a great home substitute. “It has the same conditioning properties and can also work at removing stains on your clothing. DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: How to ‘boost fruiting’ and produce ‘delicious’ fruit [EXPLAINER]Houseplants: ‘Increase watering schedule’ but use ‘pencil’ trick first [EXPERT]Japanese knotweed hotspots for 2022 unveiled - is your area affected? [INSIGHT] “Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build-up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. “Just add half a cup of distilled white vinegar to your washing machine’s detergent compartment before you run a cycle.” Stains on clothing can be incredibly annoying, and buying stain removal products can be expensive. Instead, Deyan suggested using white vinegar for “tricky clothing and carpet stains”. Mix an equal ratio of water and white vinegar into a spray bottle before spritzing across the target area. The laundry expert added: “Let it soak into the fabric for 10 to 15 minutes, before gently dabbing the stain with a sponge or cloth and a soapy solution. “Baking soda can also be used to absorb any excess grease or oils, just leave it on the target area for at least 20 minutes, before brushing or vacuuming it away.” There are lots of freshening sprays on the market to help combat odours, including some designed for fabrics and others for upholstered furniture. Instead, Deyan recommended making a homemade solution. He said: “Mix equal parts vinegar and water together, before adding a few drops of your preferred essential oil into the solution. “Then spray the solution over your clothing to remove any musty or smoky odours. “Alternatively, you can seal your item in a bag overnight with baking soda, as the powder will absorb any unwanted odours. “Then, wash your item by adding half a cup of lemon juice or vodka to the washing machine.” According to the expert, this will leave clothes looking clean and smelling fresh. Deyan added: “Always check the label. Some items are too delicate to wash even with baking soda and white vinegar, so make sure you check the label first. “Some items, like silk, will need to be hand washed, and others might need to be cleaned by a professional.”