On Monday afternoon, Blackpool player Jake Daniels became the only active gay active male professional footballer after coming out in a candid interview with Sky Sports. The 17-year-old has been inundated with support since the interview and that praise continued on ITV’s This Morning on Tuesday when Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby discussed the monumental moment, with the former admitting he wishes he was as “eloquent” at his age. Jake’s news marks the first time since 1990 that an active men’s professional footballer has come out since Justin Fashanu did the same. Speaking to Sky Sports, the teenager said: "Now is the right time to do it. I feel like I am ready to tell people my story. "Since I've come out to my family, my club and my team-mates, that period of overthinking everything - and the stress it created - has gone. It was impacting my mental health. “Now I am just confident and happy to be myself finally,” Jake said. READ MORE: Richard Madeley hits out at Femi as he blames Brexit for UK economy He added: “I have been thinking for a long time about how I want to do it, when I want to do it. “I know now is the time. I am ready to be myself, be free and be confident with it all." Jake has received swathes of support since, with Prime Minister Boris Johnson thanking him for his “bravery” and lauding his “huge courage” to come out. Phillip and Holly added to this on Tuesday, with Phillip - who himself came out as gay in early-2020 - saying of the interview: “He will have an amazing amount of support and help and care within his own football community. “His football mates, his football club, all enormously supportive,” Phillip went on. “You see the tweets from other football players saying what you’ve done is incredible. “What you’ve got to hope now - football is such a family. “We were talking about it this morning, you go to football matches, it’s tribal, it’s a family. “What you want now is this football tribal family to show an enormous amount of support - and the word ‘neanderthal’ was used for some football spectators whose views, you know, are still in the dark ages. DON'T MISS: Dan Walker mocked over Channel 5 move ‘Money talks mate!’ Carol Kirkwood begs Dan Walker not to quit BBC in sweet tributeDan Walker 'breaks rule of a lifetime' on final BBC Breakfast “Look at your sport, look at the beauty of your sport, look at your players and supporting them. “Of course, there’s always going to be sort of ribbing people and having a go. “But this is the time to say, ‘Right okay, let’s not go for him’,” Phillip added. The This Morning presenting pair and their guests then watched a clip of Jake from his Sky Sports interview. “Wow, good for him,” Holly weighed in once the clip finished. “Amazing.” And Phillip commended the footballer: “I wish I was that eloquent at 17.” “I know,” Camilla Tominey replied as the This Morning panel shared a chuckle. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.