Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh often shares his plant and garden advice on his Instagram account @alantitchmarshmbe. In a video from May last year, Alan shared what to do with tulips after they flower. Alan captioned the video: “What to do with your tulips…” The gardening expert said: “You’ve been asking what to do with your tulips when the flowers have fallen. “What should you do? Should you throw them away? “You can if you want but I’ve found the best thing to do is to dig them up if they’re in beds and borders, or, knock them out if they’re in a pot like this. “Pull them out of the pot and you will find bulbs. “Just lay these bulbs somewhere dry. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’  “What they often do is form one larger one and a smaller one. “That larger one will have flowers next year. “You can put them in trays if you like - seed trays in a shed or garage.” Alan shared what a “typical” bulb looks like after it’s flowered. DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] One of the bulbs carries the current flowers while the other one next to it will flower next year. He continued: “You will find that every one of them has one large bulb and it’s the large one that - when the whole thing has dried off - you can separate and plant again next year. “Then you will get a second year of flowering and then a third and a fourth if you keep doing it every year. “The little ones you can keep as well if you want but they need to be grown on to flowering size. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “So each of these bulbs should yield you at least one flowering bulb for next year. “Take them out, dig them out, dry them off until they have all gone brown and the top can be pulled off and these fat bulbs will be flowers next year as well.” The video garnered a whopping 20,300 views on the social media platform. The social media post also received lots of positive comments from fans of the gardening expert. Instagram user @scarvesbyvalentinat said: “Thank you very much. I will do it next time.” One user called @down_at_doncaster_farm replied: “Thanks very much for this, I’ve been wondering what to do with mine as the pots look sad and messy now so I need to get them out.” Social media user @ang9307 replied: “Thank you! I’m so loving your little snippets of information. “Glad you’re on Instagram and happy to share!”