The Duke of Sussex has launched a new campaign to promote his eco-travel non-profit organisation, Travelyst. Travalyst, in partnership with big travel firms such as Booking.com, Expedia and Skyscanner, aims to develop a sustainability scoring system to bring about "the systemic changes needed in order for sustainable travel to be taken out of the niche and into the mainstream". But the campaign has been mocked by Psychology professor Dr Jim Butcher, who hit out at Prince Harry for "patronising locals and tourists alike". In an article entitled "Spare us Prince Harry’s woke holidays", Dr Butcher said: "For our patronising elites, our holiday choices are just another excuse for them to lecture us about the ‘correct’ attitudes and behaviours. "You might have thought going on holiday would allow you to leave your worldly cares behind. "Now, thanks to 'sustainable travel', even your time off could soon be monitored, regulated and subjected to woke hectoring." Travalyst, set up in 2019, wants to encourage people to "flip the script", explaining on its website: "We’re always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences… what would happen if our holiday rated us?" But Dr Butcher, writing in Spiked magazine, claimed the "right" answers to the questions "betray the elitist green politics beneath". This came after Prince Harry appeared in a new TV skit to promote Travelyst. The advert, broadcast on a New Zealand TV station, saw the Prince approached by a "rating agent" who claimed the Duke left a lolly wrapper behind during his official tour with the Duchess of Sussex in 2018. He was given a positive rating for turning the tap off while brushing his teeth but had points deducted for dropping litter on the beach. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: William ‘angry’ and Charles ‘sad’ – Harry warned Prince Harry told Te Ao Maori News: "For our campaign, we are encouraging people to flip the script. "We are always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences, but what would happen if our holiday rated us? "It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it." He said the campaign was inspired by Maori culture, to which he feels a "deep connection". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William ‘angry’ and Charles ‘sad’ – Harry warned [LIVE] Royal Family: Sussexes set for 'very, very isolated' anniversary [INSIGHT] 'Spare us' Harry and Meghan mocked over 'elitist' green holidays [REACTION] The Prince explained: "The Maori culture inherently understands sustainable practices and taking better care of our life-giving land, which are critical lessons we can all learn." But Dr Butcher described this approach as "extraordinarily condescending." He said: "Harry and the Travalyst team seem to view Maori culture as intimately tied to the custodianship of nature. This is less than half of the story. "Nowadays, Maoris are integrated into New Zealand’s mainstream political and cultural life. And many who aren’t seek social and economic advancement just like everyone else. "Sensitivity to others’ cultures is no bad thing, of course. "But the message from Travalyst – that tourists should ditch the holiday resort and instead ‘form an authentic connection to nature, people and culture’ among the Maori – is extraordinarily condescending."