Lloyds Bank says there has been a 90 percent increase in so-called “advanced fee” frauds in which scammers target loan applicants demanding money be paid upfront. On average, victims have lost around £231 each time the scam is used, suggesting the relatively small amount is being easily obtained by fraudsters, with little resistance or suspicion from victims.  Criminals are contacting potential victims following an online application in which personal details are entered by loan applicants. According to Lloyds Bank, tricksters are convincingly posing as representatives of genuine loan companies, and have even sent victims copies of paperwork in the post to back up their scam. The bank also said advance fee fraud, as the scam is known, had risen sharply in recent times, and continues to rise at an alarming rate. Liz Ziegler, of the bank, said fraudsters were targeting the hardest hit and most vulnerable people with poor credit scores or who were in financial difficulty through the rising cost of the living crisis rocking Britain.  Ms Ziegler said: “Organised crime gangs will ruthlessly exploit any change in consumer behaviour. “We saw that during the pandemic with the surge in purchase scams as certain goods became scarce and more people shopped online. “The important thing to remember is that a genuine loan company will never ask for an upfront payment before releasing the funds. “If you’re concerned in any way about your finances there are lots of organisations that can help, and it always makes sense to speak to your bank first.” Timothy Campbell, of cybersecurity firm Mimecast, urged consumers to be vigilant. He said: "There is no doubt that scammers are taking advantage of the cost-of-living crisis, as those in desperate times are less likely to conduct proper checks if they can get some desperately needed money easily. “Customers should be extra vigilant when receiving any communication from financial institutions – especially unsolicited correspondence.”  READ MORE:Man devastated after losing over £10,000 in sophisticated scam The scam is the latest in a series of cunning and often highly convincing tricks used by criminals who prey on the weak and vulnerable. Other tricks to be aware of vary in complexity, but all have the final aim of stealing money off the victim. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, a former police officer shared some of the more common scams to look out for. He said: “One of the simplest tricks used is the distraction technique at an ATM. “Scammers will either place a device on a cash point to monitor details, or have a spotter distract you whilst another either observe you entering your PIN, or worse, snatch the money from the machine as you are distracted.”  DON'T MISS:UK makes £265m upgrade to Royal Navy's Tomahawk missiles [REPORT] Bombshell new poll exposes how unpopular Macron is in France [REVEAL]Russia 'forced to accept risk' of new assault [INSIGHT] The officer went on to mention more elaborate tricks. He continued: “Often elderly people will be tricked into giving up their life savings by scammers who pretend to be a police officer or bank employee. “They will make a phone call to a victim claiming to be from a police station or bank, and inform the victim an issue has occurred with their money, which needs to be withdrawn in full immediately. “From here, victims will often collect the cash which will then be collected by a taxi, fake police officer or fake bank employee. “So sophisticated is the trick that when victims try to call back their bank to verify details at the time, the scammers are still on the line, and play convincing hold music, options and even have ambient call centre noise when speaking.” The officer ended by saying: “There are numerous scams out there, and each day, new ones are thought up. “Remember, a bank, nor the police will ever ask you for your personal details and PIN numbers. “If you are not sure, you can always visit a branch to speak to staff in confidence if you are worried.” For more information on how to prevent fraud, you can visit the Action Fraud website. 