Routine matters hold no appeal. There are other things going on in this world and you want a taste of something else. Travel and social activities will run up a lot of expense in time but you will consider this well worth it as this is your chance to enjoy some fun and variety. Anything requiring action and activity will get your vote. It doesn’t matter if some things you do call for a degree of physical exertion you will have no trouble doing what must be done in the situation. The more flexible you are in outlook and attitude, the more you will enjoy your day. An unexpected offer will bring an interesting note into your day. You have bags of energy and enthusiasm which makes certain you will enjoy most everything. Even housework and routine tasks will hold an element of challenge and there’ll be a strong sense of satisfaction after surveying the results of your work.  There’s a lot going on behind the scenes as important matters are discussed. It’s unlikely you will be called on to make a big decision there and then. People are willing to wait. You will be glad and grateful for this short respite. Problems will be taken seriously and communication flows freely. You aren’t the only one who is determined to find a way to resolve a misunderstanding, A lot of discussion will be involved and you will be ready to adjust course if this seems necessary. Tension has to do with a family matter. Someone wants to drag on a grievance and this is spoiling everyone’s peace of mind. A heart-to-heart conversation should help clear the air and this tense atmosphere will fade as quickly as it appeared.  It’s hard to say why you are getting so annoyed and aggravated. You could find yourself biting someone’s head off when they didn’t do or say anything for you to really be angry about. You just aren’t your usual tolerant self and because you know you’re being unreasonable you might decide to pull out of social plans. There’s no way you are going to allow yourself to lose no matter what your goal or intention. You’re confident you have got what it takes to achieve your aims and it will be this positive and assertive frame of mind that will get you your dream. An interview may be a disappointment but don’t let this upset you unduly. Other opportunities lie ahead and these will suit you far better. Keep reminding yourself of all your recent successes and don’t give in to doubts about your worth. Your talents will be recognised by someone who will put an offer your way.  A close friend is strangely emotional and their behaviour unpredictable. Eventually they will tell you what’s on their mind and ask for help or advice. With you able to take a practical view of their predicament you will be able to say all the right things to ease their concerns. Family affairs are quiet which gives you a chance to consider personal plans. Some are likely to become quite costly but for the moment this won’t bother you. There’s hardly any need to put your hands in your pocket today and you’re happy to face the consequences of any financial decisions as and when they come up in the future. It may take a few more days but you will see affairs that are on your mind starting to straighten out. You are managing to keep on top of the situation. It has been difficult, confusing and emotionally draining but you aren’t cutting corners and there’s no reason why you should not be happy with the outcome. 