The actress became tearful as the pair recalled the moment they had a conversation after Jonathan woke up, in which he told the 48-year-old she had a "get of jail free card" and he would understand if she wanted to leave him. ITV's Lorraine Kelly was touched by the admission and stated "you must really love Amanda," which caused the Sherlock star to tear up. Jonathan, who appeared on Britain's Got Talent, shattered both of his legs, broke his spine and suffered third-degree burns in a stunt which went horribly wrong last year. The 42-year-old escapologist was attempting to free himself from a straight jacket while hanging upside down 30 feet in the air between two suspended cars in October when the timings were misjudged and he became crushed between the cars. "If anything, your love is stronger," Lorraine stated as the two beamed at one another. "Oh God yeah," Amanda replied. "Never for one moment did it feel like a... I mean, I know it's a huge challenge and life-changing thing." READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death She shrugged her shoulders as she explained: "But we both went..." "Well no, in fairness I did... because I had to say it," Jonathan admitted. He explained: "I said, 'you have a get out of jail free card, if you want to walk away then I completely understand.'" Amanda began to get tearful as she remembered the life-changing moment. "You did that?" Lorraine asked, clearly moved by the selfless gesture. "Yeah, of course, of course," Jonathan replied. Lorraine remarked: "You must love Amanda very much to say that to her." "Yeah," he agreed as the presenter continued: "Do you know what I mean? That's incredible." He recalled: "And she told me not to be so stupid and that was that." DON'T MISS... Keir Starmer snubs GMB reporter as viewers slam 'car crash' interview [VIDEO]Ben Shephard skewers Dowden over ‘new ideas’ after major Tory loss [LATEST]Jane Moore details daughter's 'heart stopping' choking scare [VIDEO] "That was never, ever going to happen was it, Amanda?" Lorraine asked. Amanda shook her head tearfully and responded: "No." "Now that you've found him and you're together that's never going to happen," Lorraine added. As the pair gazed at each other, Amanda sarcastically told her fiance: "Thanks for that, thank you," as she pointed at her tearful eyes. "Well it's emotional, of course it is!" Lorraine commented. Actress Amanda explained previously that Jonathan nearly died twice following the accident. He had appeared in the 2019 series of Britain's Got Talent, and the horrifying accident took place during rehearsals for America's Got Talent: Extreme. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.