West Midlands Ambulance Service was called at 1.26pm on Monday May 16. Emergency services attended the scene of a road traffic collision involving a car and HGV between junctions 5 and 6 of the M5. National Highways warned drivers there are “currently delays of one hour against expected traffic”. Two ambulances, a paramedic officer, and the Midlands Air Ambulance from Strensham were called to the area. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: “Crews arrived at the scene to find the driver of the car in a critical condition after coming into collision with an HGV. “Crews worked quickly to administer advanced trauma care to the woman. “But sadly, despite their best efforts, nothing could be done to save her, and she was confirmed deceased on scene.” Highways England issued a statement on the carriageway closure, and said: “The M5 southbound in Worcestershire is closed between J5 (Droitwich) and J6 (Worcester) due to a serious collision. “Emergency Services including West Mercia Police are on scene. National Highways Traffic Officers are also on scene assisting with traffic management.” The agency advised southbound traffic to take the following diversion: READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Deborah Meaden sparks row over Boris's 'Brexit slogans' A fire service spokesperson said: "Hereford and Worcester Fire and Rescue Service crews from Worcester, Bromsgrove and Droitwich Fire Stations were called at 13:30 on May 16 to an RTC on the M5 Southbound between junctions 5 and 6 where a car was in collision with an HGV. "Police, ambulance and air ambulance are also in attendance. "One casualty had been extricated from a vehicle before the arrival of the fire service and is now in the care of the air ambulance." North Worcestershire Police also confirmed: “The carriageway will remain closed for the foreseeable.” National Highways said there are “currently delays of one hour against expected traffic”. They said the closure of the M5 southbound between J5 and J6 is due to “accident investigation”. National Highways then said: “The event is expected to clear between 19:00 and 19:15 on 16 May 2022.” They added “normal traffic conditions are expected between 16:45 and 17:00 on 16 May 2022” for the M5 northbound entry slip at junction J6. At 4.34pm, National Highways said: West Midlands told drivers stuck within the closure they are overturning the vehicle. It added: “Road users caught within the closure of the #M5 southbound between J5 (#Droitwich) and J6 (#Worcester) in #Worcestershire. “We are turning vehicles through the central reservation on to the northbound side. We appreciate your patience this afternoon.” It clarified: “Traffic is being turned in to the closed lane on the northbound for roadworks which then will merge with traffic.