Wladimir Klitschko has admitted he is tempted to have ‘one last fight’, with none other than Tyson Fury. The Ukrainian retired from boxing in 2017 as a former world heavyweight champion, having lost just five of his 64 boxing bouts. One of those defeats came at the hands of the Gypsy King, who overcame the now 46-year-old via unanimous decision in 2015. In an exclusive interview with Piers Morgan on TalkTV, Klitschko said: “I was thinking I should tweet Tyson Fury - ‘Last dance?’ "Since he wants to retire and we were supposed to have this rematch. I didn’t do it because my mind was now in a totally different world." Fury has stressed he would hang up the gloves after defending his heavyweight crown against Dillian Whyte at Wembley last month. “I've been in this game 20 years, I'm 34 in a few months. This is definitely the end of the Gypsy King and I went out with a bang. Tonight was amazing, but this is the end,” he said last month. So far he has held firm on his retirement stance and told Morgan on TalkTV: "This is the truth, the gospel truth, nothing but the truth - I'm done. JUST IN: Tyson Fury given deadline to make final retirement decision before possible AJ fight  "You know every good dog has its day, a great Roman leader said, 'There will always be somebody else to fight'. When is enough, enough? I'm happy, I'm healthy, I've still got my brains, I can still talk."   Klitschko told Morgan: “I asked myself this question when Russian forces in the outskirt of the city. If I wouldn’t be ready for it, I would have left. The city of Kyiv with almost five million, it’s a big city and a busy city, was empty. “You could hear the explosions constantly, explosions because the fights were going on in the outskirts of the city and you must [consider this question] while you’re in Kyiv or Ukraine.” This week some Ukrainian fighters who were holed up in the Mariupol steelworks defending the city, left the site in two convoys on Monday and Tuesday. They had held on since advancing Russian troops encircled Mariupol in early March, tying up Moscow's forces in the area and denying them a clear victory in the southern port city.