Mrs Hinch rose to stardom with her helpful tips and tricks for cleaning. She has inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts who share their own hacks for completing household and garden chores on Facebook group Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips. There's plenty of advice for removing weeds from between patio tiles, but what about cleaning the slabs themselves? Possibly ahead of some garden entertainment, Lesley Jayne Barton took to the Facebook page with a querie. "What would you recommend to clean these patio slabs please? "Been out looking at products today but most seem to be for moss, algae etc, looking for something to clean general dirt!" READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ Mrs Hinch fans came to her rescue with cheap and easy methods for making garden tiles sparkle once more. Tori Smith recommended the "amazing" Karcher pressure washer, claiming a "huge improvement" in her tiles. Margaret Regan swears by Pink Stuff Miracle Cream Cleaner, attaching a photograph of her own sparkling tiles. "Wet slabs, scrub on with a yard brush, leave for a while and jet wash off." A 500ml bottle can be purchased at Tesco for just 99p. Jet washing was a very popular suggestion among Mrs Hinch fans, with Michelle Burke stating: "I do mine once a year, they come up like new." Patricia Dornan offered an alternative method: Washing soda crystals. "Just scatter them all over and leave as long as you can - a few days if possible - and scrub with a deck brush. "They come up like new add some raw bleach if you want." She added: "Add some raw bleach if you want." Claire Clacey diagnosed the problem as "black spots". "We had this on our slabs that had been down for eight years, we bought Ultimate Black Spot Destroyer and they are like new! "Have just had garden landscaped and they have been relaid - saved us ££££s on new ones! Definitely recommend the stuff!" The Ultimate Black Spot Destroyer 5l bottle can be purchased on Amazon for £29.95. Helen Conte's advice was to "wet and forget": "You spray a diluted solution on the slabs and leave it to do its thing. "Takes about a week, but it's so good it's worth the wait." Lisa Brock offered the simple solution of washing powder: "Sprinkle all over before it rains - you'll be amazed at how clean they come out and they clean themselves."