Earlier this month a shocked driver took to social media after she found out a little-known secret use for her car’s grab handle. The TikToker found out that there was a “catch” inside her car’s grab handle that holds clothes up. She then shared her findings with her followers. Jess, who goes by the username jmac8781 on TikTok, is known for creating “things you might not know” videos, amassing more than 250,000 followers in the process. The video in question has since gone viral, racking up more than 1.4 million views. While this may not be the case for every make and model of car, many users were stunned with the post garnering 107,000 likes and 1,800 comments. However, some drivers pointed out that motorists could use the grab handle for hanging clothes up when they were driving. READ MORE: Bus lane camera issues 30,000 fines to drivers in one spot This has now been criticised by several Express.co.uk readers who claimed that the hack may potentially turn out to be “dangerous”. One commenter named Simonh said: “Why not hang a coat on it, and if you really want to obstruct your vision put a curtain across the windscreen!” Another reader added: “How are you meant to be driving when there are clothes in front of you. “Surely it’s dangerous.” DON'T MISS Drivers warned to expect 'havoc' with 133,000 UK roads to close [WARNING] Driver uses wheelie bins to reserve spaces - 'Parking nightmare!' [INSIGHT] Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [REVEAL] Other readers pointed out that the revelation is nothing new. Charles Bridge commented: “For goodness sake it's just a handle in a car!” Bykerboy agreed saying: “They had them in cars from the 1950s to the present day. “When I got my first car back in the early eighties the manual told me how to change the plugs and filters, set the points with a feeler gauge, change the wheel etc. “Nowadays, the manual tells them not to drink the water from the batteries.” ProfessorAW added: “I used mine 30 years ago to hang up my suit using the back ones. I wasn't even shocked to be able to do it either.” While another motorist suggested that people should read the car manual when they buy a vehicle. Mer1in said: “If car owners look in the glove box you will find a driver’s manual. “In that it will tell you all the information about the details of your car’s interior and fittings and some maintenance info. “You will find stuff you never knew existed, it’s well worth a read.” The UK Highway Code clearly states "windscreens and windows must be kept clean and free from obstructions to vision". Under Regulation 30 of The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986, drivers are warned they must keep all glass clear of obstruction. The law states: "All glass or other transparent material fitted to a motor vehicle shall be maintained in such condition that it does not obscure the vision of the driver while the vehicle is being driven on a road." If drivers fail to do so they might be handed heavy fines and charged with careless driving. The charge carries a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points on the licence if stopped by police. And in more serious cases, or those that are contested in court, the charge can attract a maximum £5,000 fine, up to nine penalty points, and even a court-imposed driving ban.