Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Doctor Bal Athwal explained that a mini stroke – otherwise known as a transient ischaemic attack (TIA) –differs from a full stroke. The former, a mini stroke, could be a warning sign of an impending, more life-threatening stroke to follow. During a TIA, the blockage – causing a lack of oxygenated blood reaching the brain – is only temporary. "The affected brain cells start to work again when the blood supply is restored," said Doctor Athwal. In a full stroke, when the blood supply is cut off for a significant amount of time, the brain cells become damaged and die. When brain cells die, do not be surprised if disability or death occurs. If you have already had a TIA, Doctor Athwal assured: "There are many ways that you can help prevent the risk of a second stroke." READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels As such, any warning signs of stroke first need to be investigated by a medical professional. "You should be seen quickly and have a brain scan, scans of blood vessels, blood tests and tests of the heart," said Doctor Athwal. "With these results doctors can target stroke prevention treatment more accurately." Next, it's crucial to take the medication prescribed to you following a stroke. "It’s important to take your medications as instructed by your doctor," he emphasised. "Don’t take less when you are feeling better and don’t take more when you are feeling unwell. It is important to follow instructions exactly." Doctor Athwal also strongly advised to eat a healthy diet to provide the body with nutrients. "Many recommend following a Mediterranean-style diet (eating white meats, fruit and vegetables) to help reduce your risk of a stroke," he added. "It’s also important to limit your alcohol intake to less than two drinks a day." Doctor Athwal also made clear that you should avoid smoking, which increases the risk of stroke and several cancers. A lack of exercise, eating too much sugar, and drinking heavily are all bad for the brain. Doctor Bal Athwal is the leading consultant neurologist at The Wellington Hospital, part of HCA Healthcare UK.