Mary Goskirk (played by Louise Jameson) has been helping her daughter, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry), care for Marlon (Mark Charnock) since he made his initial departure from the hospital a couple of weeks ago on Emmerdale. With the village vet needing to get back to work, her mother offered to step in and take on the majority of the care for the stroke survivor during the day. However, her latest attempts to help landed the beloved ITV soap character back in the hospital and it seems this could all be part of a master plan to get rid of him for good. Since Marlon had his stroke, Mary has been urging her daughter to put herself first, claiming no one would think any worse of her if she felt she couldn't care for Marlon. Despite her mother's attempts to get extra care for the beloved villager, Rhona told her they were going to work together to bring Marlon some normality. With her breath wasted, the newcomer didn't have a choice but to get involved and up until Tuesday's episode, she had been very attentive. However, in the latest instalment of the weeknight serial drama, she allowed Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) to take Marlon to the allotment. Having been released from the hospital, Marlon's only trips outside were being pushed around the garden so this was a treat and a half for him. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Unfortunately, a cough he had developed a couple of episodes ago got progressively worse and this led Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) to rush him back into the hospital. It was here the doctors confirmed Marlon had aspiration pneumonia and he was going to need breathing tubes to help him breathe. Having been enjoying a drink in the Woolpack, Mary hastily made her way to the hospital with Rhona to hear of any news the medical professionals had. Seeing the stress it was causing for her daughter, Mary apologised for letting Marlon go to the allotment, with Rhona not bearing any grudges. Those watching the scenes at home could seemingly see through the crocodile tears and they took to social media to view their theories Mary could end up killing Marlon. Picking up on the fact Mary wasn't too fussed about Marlon's cough earlier in the episode, Ryan wrote on Twitter: "Marlon shouldn't be going out with that cough. Why isn't Mary calling the ambulance or the hospital? " The Norfolk One commented on the social media platform: "Mary is going to kill Marlon. I can just see it now! #Emmerdale." A Super Gav added: "Marlon, mate. You’re better off in hospital. Mary will be the death of you #Emmerdale." Sasha remarked: "I'm getting Mary is going to start bullying and abusing Marlon vibes only to be caught by Rhona Christmas Day....yes it will be dragged out that long! #Emmerdale." St Mick shared: "Mary’s creepy. Is she planning on offing poor Marlon, I wonder? #Emmerdale," with Stephy opining: "I was thinking is Rhona’s mum trying to kill Marlon #Emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [COMMENT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [COMMENT] If Mary were to kill Marlon, this would make him her first victim in the village, although she might have killed before. Arriving in the village earlier this year, the newcomer was very agitated, and seemingly decided to turn up on Rhona's doorstep off the cuff. She made several attempts to leave the Dales upon her arrival but she emotionally manipulated her daughter into letting her stay. The newcomer has been trying to get someone on one time with her daughter in recent episodes but Marlon has been a barrier to this. Could it be Mary is actually jealous of Marlon and wants him out of the picture so she can have the relationship with Rhona she has always wanted? Killing Marlon would also make Mary the first person Rhona would turn to for support and there is no way she would let her mother leave in wake of her partner's death. This means Mary would be able to stick around the village for a lot longer and she could possibly line up some other victims in the process. If Rhona begins to spend more time with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) in light of Marlon's death, could the village vet be in serious danger from Mary? Following Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) departure from the programme just a few weeks ago, writers could be lining up their new villain already. As she is somewhat older than any other killer they have had on the show before, could Mary be the perfect candidate to get away with murder? Explaining the decision to introduce a female serial killer in the form of Meena, Emmerdale producer Kate Brooks spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the unique perspective it brought to the show. The producer said: "We’re always looking for that next big, massive story and we’ve not had a serial killer for a while, probably since Lachlan. "So we were chatting about what was next and it just felt really right to bring a female serial killer into the mix, and one that didn't feel like one we've seen before on screen. "Usually there are two types of serial killer on soaps, one that rumbles all the way through killings and we see a conscience or a regret, or we see the kind who do it as a necessity. "With Meena, we wanted a character who would act out and kill for sheer enjoyment, for the pursuit of glory and we wanted to showcase a female character that just lacked empathy, and lacked a conscience and just enjoyed the drama and the theatrics of being a killer." Will Mary adopt some of Meena's disinter characteristics to ensure she doesn't get blamed for Marlon's murder? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.