Police have told Boris Johnson he faces no further action over lockdown breaches, Downing Street said, after the Metropolitan Police concluded its partygate investigation with a total of 126 fines. The Prime Minister has also said he cannot "magic away" all the soaring food and energy expenses as he comes under increasing pressure to alleviate the cost-of-living crisis. Former President of YouGov Peter Kellner has since explained how this could impact the Tories. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Kellner said: "The local elections showed Labour broadly narrowly and only narrowly ahead of the Conservatives. "All history of midterm local history says that Governments recover as the following election approaches. "History repeats itself and it's one of the reasons why Boris Johnson is feeling a bit chipper at the moment. "If history repeats itself, the Conservatives could well come back and win the next election. READ MORE: MP takes aim at 'terrible head boy' Rees-Mogg over working from home "The question really is, 'is this midterm different?' "We've got the cost of living crisis, we've got predictions of the economy stalling in the next couple of years. "The hope for the Conservatives is that history repeats itself. "The fear is that this time it's different and I wouldn't put too much money either way." It comes as most Britons would be comfortable with an ethnic minority politician becoming the next Prime Minister, according to new research. On Wednesday, the independent think-tank British Future published a snapshot of society and its attitudes towards diversity. Just under three-quarters of people polled saw diversity as a part of British culture, rather than a threat to it - up from less than half (49 percent) in 2011. And 84 percent of those polled indicated they would be comfortable with an ethnic minority Prime Minister succeeding Mr Johnson, compared to only 10 percent saying it would be a negative development. DON'T MISS Labour MP reveals Boris Johnson’s tax cut plot ‘Not helping people!' [INSIGHT]British scientists collateral damage in EU spat over Northern Ireland [ANALYSIS]'Injustice!' Downing Street fury at Met Police Partygate fines [VIDEO] The poll found 26 percent of those asked were "positive" about the prospect and 58 percent did not think a PM's ethnicity was relevant. But less than half of those surveyed felt relations between ethnic groups had improved over the past ten years. While a third of ethnic minority Britons thought progress would be made on combating racism in the decade to come, a quarter feared things would get worse, the survey found. Ethnic minority Britons were also nearly twice as likely to be worried about unemployment as white respondents, by 23 percent to 12 percent.