In other words, people will have to pay more to ensure their vehicle is eco compliant. Make no mistake, this is part of a wider “war on cars” that isn’t just limited to the capital. During lockdown, tens of Low Traffic Neighbourhoods (LTNs) – with signs and obstructions designed to block traffic from certain areas – were imposed across the UK, with zero consultation with locals. Facebook is now littered with groups raising concerns about LTNs. One for Birmingham residents has 2,100 members. Proponents of anti-car measures have endless justifications for why these are a good idea. “They cut carbon emissions”, is the prime one, followed by the claim they will vastly improve the nation’s health. Some say that these measures benefit low income workers, who are unlikely to drive. That’s not what I’ve heard on the streets when I’ve talked to workers carrying out various low-paid jobs. One delivery driver told me last year that LTNs had added three to four hours onto his journey, meaning he was losing £40 to £50 per day, and others told similar tales. Self-employed drivers are the worst affected, as they have to absorb the costs of vehicle upgrades. Even with the cost of living crisis, very little political attention is given to the men and women affected by this growing war on cars, many of whom lack a voice in the media (not least because it is dominated by those who don’t have to drive to work). There is something of a snobbish paternalism directed at car drivers. If they complain – there have been multiple protests about LTNs – the feeling is that they don’t know what’s best for them. The worst part of all? A recent Times investigation showed that a boundary road, with a school containing 450 pupils, carried at least 40 per cent more traffic since LTNs were introduced. It’s hardly compelling evidence for making delivery drivers broke. Furthermore, the report showed that councillors, who decide these sorts of things, were almost ten times more likely to live in roads where traffic was minimised. It says it all about the “benefits” of these measures; “My road is peaceful…if you go broke, tough.” One of the most mind-boggling things about the cost-of-living crisis is that even those on good incomes are feeling the pinch. Take Generation Rent. The issue for many isn’t their salary, per se, but the amount of it swallowed up by landlords. Over the years, millennials may find themselves shelling out tens – and sometimes hundreds – of thousands of pounds to live in pokey and precarious accommodation. The UK needs to reform the housing sector, even if it is unpopular to say. No one wants the green belt to be paved over, but nor do they want the economy to take more of a pummelling than is necessary. We want people to spend, which means freeing up disposable incomes. With more mortgages for renters like me, who knows, maybe we could even be taxed more. While most of the political class argues about the level to which the Government broke lockdown rules, I’m more concerned about whether it has broken the economy. Tune into the news these days and you could be forgiven for thinking that you’d stumbled on a new Ken Loach film, titled The Heating Bill, or I, Daniel Blake, The Disgruntled Tenant, with no end of doom and gloom. And now it seems we are in for a “summer of discontent”. How did we get into this pickle? Clearly, some of the cost-of-living crisis has been brought on by unpredictable forces, such as Russia’s war on Ukraine and its impact on gas prices, and the coronavirus crisis. Yet it still doesn’t excuse the Government for a failure of leadership. It has shown nothing but fiscal incontinence since its huge majority in 2019, encapsulated by the £37billion the UK spent on Test and Trace. Unfortunately, far from there being signs of a long-term vision to get Britain back on track, the plan seems to be “spend more” – with reports of a multibillion-pound cost-of-living rescue package underway. Sure, it’ll help in the short-term but it brings us no closer to tackling astronomical levels of nationwide debt. Meanwhile, we will now spend more time debating Sue Gray’s report, and “levelling up” is but a dream. After years of offending just about everyone, Ricky Gervais, right, looks dangerously close to being cancelled with his new Netflix comedy special, SuperNature. In it, he jokes: “I love the new women. They’re great, aren’t they? The new ones we’ve been seeing lately. The ones with beards and c**ks.” After the backlash against JK Rowling for saying much milder things about the trans community, you have to wonder how this will end. In the West, it used to be progressive to back free expression, knowing the risks that it entailed for comedy; no one was safe from being insulted. Nowadays there’s a fashion for censorship. “Dark comedy is okay, so long as I’m left out.” It takes us closer to having blasphemy rules in all but name. It truly was extraordinary to see rail enthusiasts travel from Canada and Hong Kong to experience The Elizabeth Line on its opening day. “Who on earth would go on holiday to use British transport?” one wondered. But it gave all of us some much-needed cheer. We are so used to bad news when it comes to infrastructure in this country, it’s no wonder that there was a certain degree of fanaticism about this line. It will, after all, revolutionise lives. The question is are we ready for a Charles Line to follow? I know I am. Post Brexit, the dream for the UK was to become “Global Britain”, yet we appear to have continued our long-standing habit of egocentrism. The Sue Gray report, which dominates our political debates, matters. But there are other major events our focus should be on: the leaked photographs of Uyghurs at Xinjiang detention camp this week, and Putin’s invasion, for starters. How can we face such menaces if we are overly distracted by domestic squabbles? The son of a Russian billionaire facing sanctions for supporting Alexander Lukashenko, the Belarusian dictator, has been linked to a £160million portfolio of London properties, including townhouses and office buildings. What a testament to British security… I have to say, were I part of a state hostile to this country, I can see no greater opportunity than exploiting our housing market. You could buy up lots of property, make a wonderful profit to be fed back to the regime, while financially draining the “enemy” population. The question is to what extent this has already happened…