The heartless muggers took the 80-year-old lady's bag after they distracted her with a sob story while at St John's Cemetery in Margate, Kent on Wednesday. A middle-aged woman approached the grieving woman by her car saying the headstone she was visiting had been vandalised. Trying to help the seemingly distraught woman, the kind-hearted pensioner went with her to take a look at the headstone and offered her advice. However, when the pair returned to the car, she heard a man shout "I've got it" before seeing him run off. The woman then reportedly told the elderly woman that her husband was upset before taking off and fleeing from the scene.  Christel Clarke, the victim's daughter, said: "My mum then went to my dad's grave and didn't actually realise until she was back at the car that her bag had gone. "It's shocking. My mum is very pragmatic and said she's just grateful that she wasn't harmed. She was saying 'it's only £10 and an old phone gone' but that's not the point. "She's a tough old cookie, but she was pretty shaken up and I know she's feeling nervous". Ms Clarke said she hasn't yet had a conversation with her mum about returning to the grave but said she doesn't think she wouldn't like her to go there on her own. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams French police for ‘tear gassing’ Liverpool fans She added: "The times that she usually goes I'm at work so I would ask that when she goes could she go with a friend, at least for the first couple of times so she feels comfortable." Her elderly mum goes to the cemetery to visit her late husband's grave every couple of days. Ms Clarke said she would feel happier if there was surveillance on site. She said: "I was looking to find out if there was any CCTV at the cemetery and I found a story about a man who went to MP Roger Gale asking for it to be put up after graves were vandalised. DON'T MISS: Plumes of smoke rise above town as major blaze erupts [INSIGHT]Police and bomb squad rush to Salford, homes evacuated [COMMENT]TUI forced to extend holiday cancellations to Sri Lanka [ANALYSIS] "That's something I would like to see happen." She was left shocked at how low some people would stoop to prey on the grieving and elderly, describing the crime as "the lowest of the low". The distressed daughter said her mum gave a good description of the woman, who she described as aged between 55 to 60, of stocky build, with blonde hair in a bun, and wearing a white cardigan and coloured shirt. The man was about the same age, and she saw a black car drive off. A spokesperson for Thanet District Council said they were sorry to hear of the incident but confirmed there are currently no plans to increase the level of CCTV coverage in the cemetery.