Sarah Ferguson, 62, has two daughters, Princess Beatrice, 33, and Princess Eugenie, 32. In February 2021, Eugenie gave birth to a boy called August Brooksbank. Then later in the year in September, Beatrice gave birth to a baby girl called Sienna.  Fergie has opened up about being an invested grandmother and parent. These days Sarah is loving life as a grandmother to Eugenie’s son August, one, and eight-month-old Sienna, whose mother is her other daughter, Beatrice. “I read them bedtime stories,” she told The Metro. “August is such a little chap, and I’m playing trucks with him – but if he prefers to play with Barbie dolls in future, that’s fine.”  READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson dons 'another military jacket' worth £788 in Sweden Sarah is also a proud mother to her daughters, and can still clearly recall Eugenie’s two-week spell in hospital when she was 12. This included eight hours of spinal surgery to correct her scoliosis, a curvature of her spine. She remembers sitting next to her bed and seeing her daughter in pain. Fergie was given a keepsake at the time, which she still has today.  Before the surgery, somebody gave the Duchess a little plastic figurine of the Blessed Lady, and it was fluorescent so it lit up at night. She claims the figure gave her "hope" and still "carries the figure around" to this day. Eugenie, now 32, married Jack Brooksbank in 2018. Fergie admits she was "so proud of Eugenie in her wedding dress, showing her scar with such courage and boldness."  The Duchess does a lot of work for the British Heart Foundation and often meets young children who are worried about surgery, or who have scars from their surgery, and she "always tells them about my daughter." This helps them not be frightened, according to Fergie. Sarah also shared how she still misses Princess Diana, who died in 1997. She notes that one sadness is that Diana never lived to see her grandchildren.  “We would have been on the bouncy castle together with our grandchildren. “She would have loved life as a grandmother and she would have been so proud,” she said. Sarah added: "I know how much she would have adored her incredible children and her lovely grandchildren.” 