Erik ten Hag is willing to personally push for the signing of Frenkie de Jong at Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Barcelona star is on the Red Devils’ radar as the summer transfer window nears. And, now, a blockbuster move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United are primed to splash the cash this summer as they target Premier League title glory under Ten Hag at the first time of asking. And De Jong seems to be in their sights as a result. The Dutchman previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping the Eredivisie outfit reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that while Champions League football is the midfielder’s priority, Ten Hag is willing to ‘push’ for his arrival. “Frenkie de Jong situation. There has been contact with Manchester United, yes - but sources say there's no full/close agreement with Barcelona, as of today,” he said on Twitter. “Barca financial situation could affect Frenkie's future - his priority is UCL football. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “Erik Ten Hag will push.” United won’t be playing in the Champions League next term having endured a nightmare season under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. They currently sit sixth in the table with just one game left to play. United have won just 16 of their 37 league matches, their worst-ever tally since the start of the Premier League in 1992. But while they’re primed to miss out on a place in Europe’s top-tier club competition, history suggests a deal can still be struck. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United have, in the past, spent big even without Champions League football. They landed Angel Di Maria back in the summer of 2014, back when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. And that was despite finishing seventh under David Moyes the previous year. In 2016, United missed out on Champions League football after ending up fifth in the table under Van Gaal. Jose Mourinho then arrived as the Dutchman’s replacement, having left Chelsea months previously. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And United marked the start of that new era by spending £89million on Paul Pogba, who returned from Juventus. In 2019, the Red Devils again fell short. But that didn’t stop them from spending lavishly on deals for Daniel James, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Crystal Palace. Meanwhile, former Barcelona boss Ronald Koeman was recently asked about De Jong’s future. And he said: "I don't think Barca want to sell Frenkie. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I think Xavi has said that he is the future. "Frenkie is a great player, a great midfielder. He goes through some games where he has not been at his level but there is no doubt about Frenkie. "I have no doubts, for me he is a permanent fixture in the national team and I hope he comes back [to form] as he has played many games." "We put a player on top of everything and two weeks later we have to sell him. "Frenkie is a great player."