Simon Jordan has ridiculed West Ham for attempting to tie Declan Rice down to a new eight-year contract. Reports claim the Hammers have made an astonishing attempt to keep Rice in east London for the foreseeable future. The 23-year-old's current contract expires in 2024 but the club has an option to extend it by a further season. Rice has turned down all offers of a renewal so far. But West Ham's latest offer tops the lot. TalkSPORT claims they have put an eight-year deal on the table, more than trebling his wages to £200,000 a week, but the player is still showing no inclination that he will sign. But Jordan believes joint chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan have only made the proposal to make themselves look good and says there is no way Rice will put pen to paper. Jordan said: "What a load of rubbish. READ MORE: Man Utd’s improved XI if John Murtough signs four free agents for Erik ten Hag  "Who's gonna sign, a player in the pomp of his career with a marketplace that is supposedly bounding towards signing him, who's going to sign an eight-year deal with West Ham? Why would you do it? "At £200,000 a week when you've just seen Erling Haaland [get £350,000 a week at Manchester City]. [West Ham have made the offer] because you're playing to the gallery, that's what Sullivan and Gold do. "That's their game, that's their modus operandi. They're probably right that they're not going to get £150million for him and I wonder who the suitors are because we don't know who the suitors are. DON'T MISSFour free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains' [TRANSFERS]Liverpool matching Man City's signing of Erling Haaland would demolish Europe's hierarchy [OPINION]Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo has already fired a warning to Erling Haaland [INTERVIEW]  "We knew who the suitors were for Harry Kane last year because they popped their head above the parapet and it was clear to us that it was Manchester City. But who are these suitors for Declan Rice?" Hammers boss David Moyes claimed last month that Rice was not for sale and that £150m would not be enough to change his mind. He said: "The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. If you are interested, well, it will be north of [£150m]. "One hundred was cheap last summer. One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here