Rupert Everet joined Piers Morgan on his TalkTV Uncensored show to discuss gender stereotypes and if gay and straight actors should play a character of sexuality different to their own. Passionately talking about his own experiences with Hollywood after coming out, he boldly stood up and shook Piers' hand and left the set, only for the talk show host to joke that it was ok to "storm off" as it was the "done thing". Piers famously stormed off of the Good Morning Britain set in 2021 after an altercation with colleague Alex Beresford. Now a year on, while hosting his prime time show, the tables were turned on the broadcaster. Actor Rupert didn't quite know how to end his interview, so he just got up and walked off. After the pair commented on how they were both in "tremendous shape", Piers stated that he wanted Rupert "to play" him in a film. The My Best Friend's Wedding actor then stood up and shook his hand and started to walk off. Read More: Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married?   "Oh he's off, storming off," Piers said. Stopping dead in his tracks, Rupert looked over his shoulder and asked: "Oh, am I not meant to?" Trying to cover the awkward blunder, the broadcaster jested: "No, not yet, it's fine, I don't mind. It's the done thing." Ahead of his dramatic departure, the St. Trinian's star, who Piers dubbed "the most uncensored movie star in history", said: "I don't think gay actors should just play the gay roles.  "I think that the gay actors should be able to play the straight roles too, I think some straight guys played great gay roles." A clip of Matt Damon and Michael Douglas in the movie Behind the Candelabra was played, which Rupert applauded the two actors for as they portrayed the world-famous pianist Liberace (Michael Douglas) and his much-younger Scott Thorson (Matt Damon) well and respectfully of the LGBTQ+ community. He added: "I think the question is more, 'Why can't gay actors play straight roles?' We shouldn't be making rules about this. "Yes, of course. It's great for gay actors who've had quite a hard time, you know historically, to be playing more roles to be getting the game." DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]Lovestruck High contestant opens up 'difficult' show rule 'We weren't allowed to do it' [LATEST]    The actor opened up about his own experiences with this and added: "It's quite frustrating. I was frustrated, I remember going to see Colin Firth in the film by Tom Ford. I thought, 'Well, thanks, Colin, that's the end of my career.' "Because, you know, that role really should have been mine. So you know, there's a frustration about that, of course." One point he wanted to make clear was the business side of the movie industry, and he commented on when Scarlett Johansson was potentially going to play a trans role. Rupert described: "People forget that Hollywood is a business. So, for example, when Scarlett Johansson was stopped from playing a trans role, there simply wasn't a trans actress at that point big enough to sustain a £50 to £60million dollar movie.  "I found that was a mistake of the trans community because there were probably lots of other trans roles in the film that would have been played by trans actresses, and Scarlett Johansson wasn't going to be doing some portrayal that was anti-trans. "So I felt it was a slightly blinkered attitude." Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV.