Gogglebox viewers were thrilled to see the return of sisters Ellie and Izzy Warner on Friday night following their short break from the Channel 4 show. Ellie announced her comeback to the programme after her boyfriend, Nat, was struck by a car in a nightmare incident. Ellie's beau surprised Gogglebox fans during the show when he made a surprise cameo. The sisters were chatting about marriage, which is when Ellie made the impromptu call to her boyfriend. The reality star wanted to ask Nat if he knew what a "shotgun" wedding was after he'd mixed up the definition earlier that day. Speaking to her sister, Ellie began: "I said to Nat this morning, I said, 'When we get married what type of wedding do you want?' and he went, 'A shotgun wedding'." READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' She continued: "So I said, 'Oh, that means you want me to be pregnant before we get married?' and he went, 'No'. "I actually want to know what he thought a shotgun wedding was. As if he didn't know that's what it meant." Ellie proceeded to phone Nat to ask him about his earlier comment. "Hello, Nat," she said as her boyfriend answered: "Yeah..." "You know when you said about a shotgun wedding this morning, what did you think a shotgun wedding meant?" "That you're forced to get married," he replied before Izzy burst out laughing. "Do you know why you're forced to get married?" Ellie asked as Izzy chipped in: "Because the bride has a shotgun." "Because you got someone pregnant," he added as Ellie asked: "So you did know that's what a shotgun wedding was?" DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT] As Nat agreed, the reality star joked: "So, does that mean you're going to get me pregnant?" Viewers were thrilled to see Ellie and Izzy back in their rightful place on the sofa, and many took to social media to wish the pair and Nat well. Shaun Crisp said: "Ellie, shocked to see you tonight but brilliant to see you back on TV tonight hope Nat is getting better." (sic) Claire Ellis-Ross penned: "Really pleased to see Ellie and Izzy back on Gogglebox tonight, must have been a difficult couple of months for them and their family. " While Charlene Jones added: "I’ve never met Nat, nor am I likely to but I’m so so happy to have heard him talking to Ellie on the phone. Well done Nat, so glad your getting better." "Nice to see Ellie & Izzy back but even nicer to hear Nat and him sound well," Rebecca tweeted. Earlier on Friday, Ellie took to social media to confirm she was making her comeback to Gogglebox. In view of her 442,000 followers, she wrote: "Looking forward to getting back on your screens tonight! Thank you for all the well wishes, we are really grateful that things are getting back to normal." Gogglebox airs on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.