The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed their partnership deal with Netflix in Autumn 2020. The deal is speculated to be worth around $100million (£72million) and is one of a number of commercial opportunities pursued by Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, after stepping away from the royal spotlight. The couple announced two projects they were working on at the time of announcing the deal. The first is a documentary entitled Heart of Invictus, which charts competitors attending the sporting event created specifically for military servicemen and women, or veterans. The Invictus Games, launched by Prince Harry, took place last month in the Netherlands and Meghan and Harry attended the first few days of the sporting event. A Netflix film crew followed the couple around capturing footage – including the couple taking part in a driving challenge in mini Land Rovers with children – for use in the docuseries. However, a royal author and branding expert claims the public may not be interested in this content by the time it’s streamed on Netflix. Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture, claimed by the time the show comes out its content is “old news”. She notes this is because royal watchers have already seen how the event unfolded on social media at the time, and may not care to watch the show charting it months later. She notes this is because the “world has changed so much” and we often consume media instantaneously and through social media rather than traditional routes. Ms Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves told Express.co.uk: “You know, my big concern about this whole Netflix thing is, that the world has changed so much. “The world has changed in that when you film all these things like the Invictus Games – we've already seen it all on social media. “Why do I want to watch the documentary in two months? I mean, it's old news.” Prince Harry, who founded the games, is expected to appear in the show as well as serve as executive producer on the series. In a statement announcing the project, the Duke said: “Since the very first Invictus Games back in 2014, we knew that each competitor would contribute in their own exceptional way to a mosaic of resilience, determination, and resolve. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry savaged over rumoured Netflix docuseries [REVEAL] Tom Cruise holds dazzling Kate's hand as William walks alongside [PICTURES] 'Charging up her batteries' How Queen is still shaking off Covid [INSIGHT] “This series will give communities around the world a window into the moving and uplifting stories of these competitors on their path to the Netherlands.” He added: “As Archewell Productions' first series with Netflix, in partnership with the Invictus Games Foundation, I couldn't be more excited for the journey ahead or prouder of the Invictus community for continuously inspiring global healing, human potential and continued service.” The couple were also due to release a children’s animated series with the working title ‘Pearl’. However it, along with at least two other children’s shows, was scrapped by Netflix amid a series of cost-cutting measures. The streaming giant was hit hard by declining subscriber figures and a drop in share prices meaning a series of cutbacks were implemented. The programme was still in its production phase and Meghan was due to serve as executive producer alongside David Furnish, Elton John’s husband. The story was to centre around a 12-year-old girl who learns from inspirational women throughout history. A source has claimed the couple are also reportedly taking part in an “at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style” docuseries. A producer source told Page Six “the timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air.”