Responding to a tweet from Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s official account, the Ashton-under-Lyne MP tweeted: “Just do one.” Ms Rayner’s post comes in the wake of the Chancellor and his wife, Akshata Murty, making the Sunday Times Rich List for the first time. This came in the same week as the cost of living crisis in the UK hit the headlines once again, with inflation rising to nine percent in the 12 months to April. The deputy leader of the Labour Party was then criticised for her comment, with social media user @SandraDodd47 writing: “A truly insightful and classy response, befitting of the deputy leader of Her Majesty's opposition.” Another Twitter user under the name Johnny Bond added: “One MP, saying to another MP, in front of the whole world “just do one”, is NEVER justified I’m afraid. “It illustrates the dire situation our politics is in at the moment." Twitter user @Rachibelles posted: “Imagine this woman on the world stage, representing the UK with the attitude of a teenager in a strop.” Twitter user @GiftCee then asked on the platform “how anyone can think this woman could one day be in charge of the country”. They added: “I really don’t get it.” Others chimed in with a more supportive tone for the deputy leader, with @flumputiful quipping: “It's refreshing.” READ MORE: Fury erupts at US Brexit threats as UK faces being 'two-tiered' Fellow Twitter user @Drpineapples1 wrote: “I’m not a Labour or Conservative supporter but Angela, I love this tweet the national sentiment summed up in one.” Reacting to Ms Rayner’s tweet, Tory MP for Ashfield, Lee Anderson, accused the deputy Labour leader of dishing out “childish insults”. He said: “I don't know what it is about Angela Rayner and the Left that have it in for successful people running the country, surely it's much better for successful people who are successes in business to hold the purse strings of the country rather than somebody whose only claim to fame is dishing out insults. “She is someone throughout her career who has made childish insults against Conservative politicians and now she's having a go at Rishi, who by the way is one of the most polite politicians you'll ever wish to meet. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE European states with lower unemployment than UK outside EU [LIVE] POLL: Who do you think would make best Prime Minister now? [VOTE] 'Democrats will LOSE control of Congress!' Pelosi mocked for UK trade [REACTION] “He's a real gentleman, regardless of your politics.” This comes after Ms Rayner made a comment about Mr Anderson on Twitter earlier this month, mocking remarks made by the Ashfield MP over the need for food banks in the UK. Mr Anderson said in the Commons that “everybody” was invited to tour his Nottinghamshire constituency food bank, where recipients must attend both a “cooking course” and a “budgeting course”. When questioned on the need for foodbanks in 2022 by a Labour MP, Mr Anderson responded that “generation after generation” of people accessing food banks “cannot cook properly” and “cannot budget”. Speaking during a Commons debate on the Queen’s speech, the Ashfield MP said “30p a day” was enough to “cook meals from scratch”. Following these comments, Ms Rayner posted an image of Space Raiders crisps, that cost 30p to buy. She then suggested that this would be the Tory MP's meal by his price estimation in the caption: "What's Lee Anderson cooking tonight?"