Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) and Saul Goodman/Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) finally went mano a mano - literally - in the latest episode of the acclaimed Breaking Bad spin-off, Better Call Saul. Although the latest and final season of the AMC drama has improved with each passing week, Patrick revealed his co-star Bob’s recent work outside the series made their intense bout one of the more difficult sequences to film. Patrick admitted it was difficult sparring with Bob fresh from his work on his surprise-hit thriller, Nobody. In Rock and Hard Place, Howard succeeds in getting one over his legal adversary after the nasty stunt he pulled in the previous episode. Since the end of the last season, Saul, aka Jimmy McGill, has been scheming with his wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) to humiliate Howard and ruin his career. Their latest plan for Saul to dress up as his rival to frame him for kicking out a sex worker somewhat backfired, as it didn’t take long for Howard to realise who was trying to destroy his reputation. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Using an alias, Howard invites Saul to settle the score in a boxing ring, and their covert meeting quickly turns physical. “My first reaction was, ‘How about that?’” Patrick recalled. “I started off as a lawyer in season one and nobody — I mean nobody — would’ve predicted I’d be in the ring with Jimmy McGill in season six. “It’s earned, it’s kind of absurd, but it’s not like it doesn’t make sense. It’s come to blows, where literally Howard’s been the punching bag for Jimmy all this time. So it’s great to turn the tables.” The furious pair of lawyers manage to get in a few knocks each before Howard sidesteps Saul’s swings and leaves him collapsed on the floor with a bone-cracking uppercut. However, Bob had recently undergone an intense training regime to star as ex-assassin Hutch Mansell in the John Wick-esque thriller film, Nobody. In a recent interview with Variety, Patrick went on: “Everything was choreographed. “With Bob’s action film Nobody, he was in cracking shape, and he knew how to do stage fighting in a big way.” DON'T MISS:DIY SOS viewers reduced to tears by cancer struggle [REACTION]Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return [SPOILERS]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT] For the 2021 feature film, Bob trained for three years to build the muscle he needed to perform Nobody’s onslaught of stunts and action set pieces. He credits the experience with saving his life, along with CPR from the Better Call Saul medics, after he passed out from a heart attack on the set of the series last year. Unfortunately, this also meant he wasn’t used to getting knocked to the floor after just a few seconds in the ring, especially by a not-so-admirable opponent like Howard. Patrick joked: “The problem was, in that film he ends up kicking everyone’s a***s.” “In this one, I kept having to remind him, 'Bob, guess what? You don’t win in this one,' which I think he kind of hated.” Although Patrick didn’t embark on the same three-year intensive course as his co-star, Better Call Saul star Luis Moncada who portrays a Salamanca twin, helped him learn how to hold his own for this week’s scrap. Hopefully Jimmy/Saul will be able to get a one-up on Howard again next week, and there is already talks of Bob using his newfound fitness for a Nobody sequel in the near future. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.