Leading charity, Diabetes UK are raising awareness on how to prevent the life-changing condition, from diet to lifestyle habits. "Research has consistently shown that for some people, combined lifestyle interventions can be effective in reducing their risk by about 50 percent," the charity noted. One key lifestyle intervention is to "watch your weight", with a larger waistline indicative of fat building around internal organs. "This can lead to something called insulin resistance," the charity stated. "Which is when the insulin your body is producing doesn’t work properly and increases your chance of having high blood glucose." For people who are struggling to achieve a healthy weight, you can speak to your doctor about weight management programmes. It is also possible to ask your doctor to refer you to a dietitian, or you can contact the Diabetes UK helpline for advice on 0345 123 2399. READ MORE: David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained Another vital component of reducing your risk of type 2 diabetes is to "eat healthily". "There’s no one-way-fits-all approach to eating for people at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes," Diabetes UK noted. "But research shows that our overall diet is linked to our risk of developing the condition. "Certain diets have been linked with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes, such as: the Mediterranean diet; Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet; vegetarian and vegan diet; or the Nordic diet." The charity also emphasised the importance of moving your limbs, raising your heart rate, and breathing that little bit faster. Adults are required to do 150 minutes of activity each week, which can be broken down into 30-minute chunks, five days a week. "Being more active and moving more is key to preventing type 2 diabetes," stated Diabetes UK. "As your fitness and confidence improves you can look at intensifying your exercise and do 75 minutes of more vigorous intensity across the week, in smaller amounts of time." Smokers are at higher risk of not only type 2 diabetes, but it can increase the risk of health complications in those who already have the condition. Not to mention that smoking is linked to many serious health conditions already. "Stopping smoking could be the best thing you do for your health," Diabetes UK penned. If you would like support in giving up smoking, the NHS stop smoking services may help. "Like smoking, drinking alcohol to excess can have many implications for your overall health," warned Diabetes UK. "But it too has been linked with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, so it’s important to be sensible about how much you drink." Alcohol is also high in calories so it can make it difficult to lose weigh if you drink on a regular basis. Understand your type 2 diabetes risk by completing Diabetes UK's free Know Your Risk tool.