Tui Airways has cancelled nearly 200 flights due to serve Manchester Airport between now and the end of June as the chaos faced by UK holidaymakers worsens. The airline made the announcement after passengers suffered long delays in recent days due to staff shortages. The police officer told the holidaymakers to go and collect their baggage and "make their way out of the airport" after flights and holiday packages were cancelled. Tui announced it will cancel six daily flights up to June 30, including to destinations such as Spain's Canary Islands. Airline passengers have been hit by disruption for several months, with the situation worsening this week due to the rise in demand sparked by the half-term school holiday and the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday period. The aviation industry is suffering from staff shortages after letting thousands of people go during the coronavirus pandemic. Airlines and airports repeatedly called for more financial support during the Covid-19 crisis as Government travel restrictions suppressed demand. READ MORE: M25 traffic misery en route to Heathrow airport  They are now struggling to recruit new workers and have their security checks processed. Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh accused the Government of being "missing in action". "Tory ministers can't even get the basics right," she said. "They should show some responsibility, do their job, and take concrete steps to tackle the chaos growing on their watch." Last month, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps introduced legislation to allow new aviation recruits to begin training before passing security checks to reduce the time it takes for them to start work. A Government spokeswoman said airports are "busier than usual" due to "an exceptionally high number of people travelling" this week. She continued: "The aviation industry is responsible for making sure they have enough staff to meet demand and we have been clear that they must step up recruitment to make sure disruption is kept to a minimum. "In addition, using our post-Brexit freedoms, we have changed the law to provide the sector with more flexibility when training new employees, which will help it to fill vacancies more quickly. DON'T MISS Family who booked wrong Newport on £1,000 holiday demand refund [INSIGHT]TUI set to cancel six flights a day until end of June [ANALYSIS]Nick Ferrari unleashes furious travel rant over 'hellish' airlines [VIDEO] "We have also worked with Border Force to ensure preparations meet passenger demand." Aviation data firm Cirium said 291 departures from major UK airports have been cancelled between May 25 and Tuesday. Tui Airways said in a statement: "Unfortunately, due to ongoing challenges in our operation, we have had to announce a small number of planned cancellations between now and 30 June from Manchester Airport only. "We are directly contacting all impacted customers in departure date order and they will automatically receive a full refund. "We can reassure our customers that the remainder of our flying programme is expected to operate as planned."