Kylian Mbappe sent a text message to Florentino Perez informing the Real Madrid president of his decision to stay at Paris Saint-Germain. Widespread reports suggest the Frenchman reached out to the Los Blancos supremo with a warm message of appreciation for their interest ahead of his expected announcement on Saturday after snubbing a move. According to El Chiringuito host Josep Pedreol, the WhatsApp message from Mbappe to Perez said: "I inform you that I have decided to stay at PSG. I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to play for Real Madrid, the club I have been a fan of since I was a kid.” Mbappe then added a good luck message ahead of Real’s Champions League final clash against Liverpool on May 28: “I hope you understand my decision. Good luck in the #UCL final,” he wrote. The World Cup winner now looks set to renew his contract with the Ligue 1 giants, with a three-year deal worth an eye-whopping £650,000-a-week on the table for the 23-year-old, plus a mammoth £127m signing fee, according to BBC Sport. Mbappe’s mother, Fayza, claimed on Friday that her son had received almost identical offers from the two clubs. READ MORE: La Liga chief scalds 'dangerous' PSG president over Mbappe saga It represents a huge blow to Madrid and Perez’s plans for the future, having planned to capture Mbappe to add to their star-studded attacking line of Karim Benzema, Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo. It is set to be a summer of change at the Santiago Bernabeu, with long-serving stars such as Gareth Bale, Isco and Marcelo leaving. PSG rejected several bid from Madrid for him last summer, the last worth €200m (£169m) on deadline day, and have consistently tried to persuade him to continue with the club. Sporting director Leonardo had previously admitted Mbappe told the club he wanted to leave, but refused to give up on perusading him to renew his contract. DON'T MISSMbappe ‘picks new PSG sporting director’ with Real Madrid set for painLineker weighs in with Mbappe set to snub Real MadridMbappe alternatives for Real Madrid as PSG roll out drastic plan  Their failure to sign Mbappe nearly proved fatal as the Frenchman scored for PSG in both legs of their Champions League last-16 clash against Madrid this season. However, a hat-trick from Benzema sent the Spanish giants through in the second leg. Mbappe, who joined PSG from Monaco in 2017 in a deal worth up to £160m after an initial loan spell, has established himself as one of the world’s best players and played a key role in France’s World Cup triumph in 2018. He has won three Ligue 1 titles with the club, although he is yet to taste success in the Champions League. He managed to eclipse Neymar and Lionel Messi at PSG this campaign, with 36 goals in 45 appearances, taking his tally across his five seasons at the club to 168 goals. And that in itself may be enough for PSG to justify such an expensive renewal, particularly if he leads the Parisian club to European glory.