The sixth and final season has been packed with jaw-dropping twists and turns, and there are still six episodes to go after Monday night’s crushing midseason finale. Fans said an abrupt goodbye to Better Call Saul regular Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian), who has now opened up about bringing his time on the AMC and Netflix hit to a close. Main cast member Patrick admitted he was “very emotional” to leave his time on Better Call Saul behind after five and a half seasons. Howard was suddenly killed right before the credits rolled in episode seven, Plan and Execution, putting an end to his long-running feud with Jimmy McGill, aka Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk). “It was very emotional,” he admitted. “It was that sense of leaving high school after graduation.” Unlike much of the cast, Patrick was introduced as Howard alongside Saul and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) from the very first season. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate Although his absence in original series Breaking Bad already implied a tragic end to his character, Patrick nevertheless found it difficult to say goodbye to the acclaimed spin-off after so many years. He told Variety: “But I had a wonderful ride, and they took me out in a beautiful fashion. I couldn’t ask for more. “If you gotta get shot by somebody, you might as well get shot by the handsome Tony Dalton with all that charisma. What a way to go.” The midseason finale concluded with the long-anticipated first meeting between Howard and the psychopathic cartel enforcer Lalo (Dalton). Throughout the latest season, Kim and Saul have been scheming to ruin his reputation and drive the rival attorney out of business. Meanwhile, Lalo has been on a mission of his own to gather enough evidence to take down untouchable drug dealer Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito). In the closing minutes of the episode, he reunited with Kim and Saul to demand why they were so determined to get him out of the picture. However, it was Lalo who struck the final blow with a fatal bullet to the head when he unexpectedly crashed their meeting, before requesting an audience with the scheming couple. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom star recalls bizarre advice from Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW]Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck on role which left him ‘scared to death’ [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] His death didn’t exactly come as a shock to fans of Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul, and even Patrick knew a tragic fate would befall Howard before the final season was all wrapped up. Writer and director for the episode, Thomas Schnauz, revealed the show’s cast and creators had known Howard wouldn’t be able to get away unscathed for some time. “We wrote these episodes two years ago, so I can’t pinpoint exactly when, but at some point, it just felt like something horrible had to happen as a result of the scam,” he explained. “It couldn’t just go perfectly for Jimmy and Kim. Maybe they’re going to be found out or somebody’s going to see or the police are going to find out.” “And the more we thought about the two worlds colliding, we knew that Lalo doing something very bad to Howard Hamlin just felt almost inevitable.” Howard’s death will undoubtedly set the ball rolling for a climactic set of six episodes when Saul and Kim realise Lalo has sabotaged their plans. Thankfully, fans just have a couple of months to wait before the final chapter hits screens and reveals Jimmy/Saul’s ultimate fate. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 premieres on AMC Monday, July 11 and the following Tuesday on Netflix.