Chelsea and Manchester United have been warned by Tony Cascarino that two of their loan stars have "gone backwards" this season. Chelsea youngster Billy Gilmour and United academy graduate Brandon Williams have both spent this season on loan at Norwich. Gilmour has made just 18 Premier League starts for the Canaries though, with Williams slightly ahead with 22. Neither have lived up to the billing since their arrival. Gilmour in particular was an exciting signing for Norwich upon their return to the Premier League. However, he has faced criticism from supporters and lost his place in the team. Norwich's relegation was confirmed on Saturday following the 2-0 loss at Aston Villa. And speaking on talkSPORT on Sunday morning, former Blues striker Cascarino says the loan pair have regressed since leaving their parent clubs. READ MORE: Joel Glazer could be about to look foolish at Man Utd if transfer decision made  He said: “The lad Gilmour that came to Norwich, didn’t do particularly well at the club, and the fans turned on him at the start of the season. He’s a terrific young footballer but, somehow, he’s not grown. “We talk all the time about young lads going elsewhere and improving – the lad Williams as well from Man United – but they’ve gone backwards this year. Two players have gone there from big clubs have gone backwards at Norwich.” Gilmour, 20, has made 22 appearances for Chelsea in all competitions since joining in 2019. He won the man of the match award on his Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League debuts. DON'T MISSEverton star Richarlison launches flare back into crowd in fiery Chelsea clash [NEWS]Man City decide Gabriel Jesus price tag as Arsenal plot summer bid [REPORT]Real Madrid’s unstoppable XI if Ronaldo returns, Mbappe joins and two others arrive [OPINION]  He and Williams are set to return to their clubs this summer. Gilmour's contract at Stamford Bridge expires at the end of next season. Williams, who can play in both full-back roles, has made 50 appearances for United since his debut in 2019. He has a deal at Old Trafford until 2024, with the option of a further year. Meanwhile, Norwich are again back in the Championship after just one season in the top flight. And Cascarino cannot understand why they are such a yo-yo club.  He added: “Why are they so unbalanced from the Championship and the Premier League? I understand it’s a different quality. "I’ve always talked about the fact that goalscorers who get 20 in the Championship probably won’t get 10 in the Premier League. I understand that there’s a drop off [in quality], but Norwich’s drop off is ridiculous. “It’s less than a goal a game and, if you score less than the goal a game, you are going down, without a doubt.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here