Suncream stains can leave orange or rust-coloured stains on clothes due to the ingredients in them. With the weather warming up this weekend, it’s likely Britons will be slathering on the sunscreen. Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in the cleaning influencer’s name. On one such group, Facebook user Fiona Brown asked Mrs Hinch fans: “How do I get Nivea kids suncream out of my holiday clothes please?” Suncream can leave oily stains on clothes, especially on children’s clothes. READ MORE: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns The post was inundated with different responses but the most popular answer was to use Napisan. Andrea Ball said: “I use Napisan, just add it to your normal wash.” Andrea Ball continued: “It’s non-bio now, but brilliant for any stain.” She added: “Just add it in with whatever you usually use in the drum as an additional.”  DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares incredible ‘story’ behind greenhouse flowers [INSIGHT]London towns ranked worst and best places to live in 2022 [UPDATE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [ANALYSIS] Caz Ross agreed and replied: “Napisan.” Napisan Non Biological Stain Remover costs £3 from Wilko. The product also costs £4 from Morrisons. Napisan Stain Remover costs £3.79 from The Range. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The product claims to kill 99.9 percent of bacteria in laundry, giving clothes a more hygienic wash. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using soda crystals, Elbow Grease and Fairy Liquid. Rosemary Smith White said: “Soak in soda crystals.” She added: “In cold water put a fair amount in then put some in the washing machine too.”  Natalie Saroonzadeh said: “Try Elbow Grease on it as most suncreams are oil based.” Natalie said the product had managed to remove stains from her bikini straps. Tianna Daly wrote: “Oil removers so Elbow Grease or Fairy Liquid.” Ryan Laffan suggested: “Rub in neat Fairy Liquid.”