Russian intelligence officer and commander Igor Girkin provided the damning verdict for Vladimir Putin's forces in Ukraine, warning their intention was "so obvious" that Ukraine Armed Forces have been able to resist. He has frequently spoken out about the difficulties facing Russia's forces in recent weeks as the country desperately tries everything to get a foothold in major Ukrainian cities. But in arguably his most brutal assessment of the situation so far, he shared detailed summary of their lack of progress, claiming the failure to make headway was not a surprise. Girkin wrote on his Telegram channel: "With regret I must say that the widely advertised operation to defeat the Donetsk group of the enemy has FAILED. "In more than two weeks of fierce hostilities (which have cost both sides huge losses) only tactical successes have been reached. "Not a single large locality has been liberated." The Putin propagandist suggested some "local tactical successes" could be achieved before Ukrainian forces launched yet another counter-offensive. But in a damning blow to the Russian President, he warned it is unlikely the Donbas region would be "fully liberated". Girkin added: "It's likely the UAF will not even be pushed away from the outskirts of Donetsk. "And I cannot say that this result is unexpected for me. Quite the opposite." Russia has left a path of destruction throughout Ukraine since Putin ordered more than 100,000 troops who had spent weeks massed at the border to begin their brutal invasion. READ MORE: RAF emergency: Typhoon fighter jet issues code '7700' But Russian forces have been met with courageous Ukrainian resistance, pushing them back out of major cities that they had been confident of occupying. This has left many throughout the world wondering what he will do next as he becomes increasingly desperate in trying to reverse Russia's fortunes in the war. In an intelligence update on Tuesday morning, the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) explained the massive scale of the damage caused in the Chernihiv region north of Kyiv. This showed "Russia’s preparedness to use artillery against inhabited areas, with minimal regard to discrimination or proportionality". DON'T MISSDefence expert reveals major flaw in Putin's new nuclear weapons [COMMENTS]Sturgeon's independence and NATO plans destroyed in TWO words [REACTION]Putin's 'Satan 2' hypersonic nuclear missile MAPPED [MAP] But the intelligence update added Russia is suffering from a "limited target acquisition capability" and has likely resorted to an increasing reliance on indiscriminate artillery bombardment". Putin's forces could also continue to place a big reliance on "massed artillery strikes" as it desperately searches for ways to regain momentum in its advance in the Donbas region in south eastern Ukraine. The MoD said on Twitter: "In the Chernihiv region north of Kyiv, approximately 3,500 buildings are estimated to have been destroyed or damaged during Russia’s abandoned advance towards the Ukrainian capital. "Eighty percent of the damage has been caused to residential buildings. "The scale of this damage indicates Russia’s preparedness to use artillery against inhabited areas, with minimal regard to discrimination or proportionality. "Russia has likely resorted to an increasing reliance on indiscriminate artillery bombardment due to a limited target acquisition capability, and an unwillingness to risk flying combat aircraft routinely beyond its own frontlines. "In the coming weeks, Russia is likely to continue to rely heavily on massed artillery strikes as it attempts to regain momentum in its advance in the Donbas."