Ed Sheeran, 31, has announced he has welcomed a second daughter with his wife Cherry Seaborn, 30, after they kept their pregnancy news a secret. Shape of You singer Ed announced the happy news with a post on Instagram. Posting an adorable photo of a pair of tiny white socks, Ed wrote: "Want to let you all know we’ve had another beautiful baby girl. "We are both so in love with her, and over the moon to be a family of 4 x". The couple also share a daughter, Lyra Antarctica Seaborn Sheeran, who was born in August 2020. Ed also announced Lyra's birth with a similar social media post. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims "Ello! A quick message from me as I have some personal news that I wanted to share with you…" he wrote at the time. "Last week, with the help of an amazing delivery team, Cherry gave birth to our beautiful and healthy daughter – Lyra Antarctica Seaborn Sheeran. "We are completely in love with her. "Both mum and baby are doing amazing and we are on cloud nine over here. We hope that you can respect our privacy at this time. Lots of love and I’ll see you when it’s time to come back, Ed x." The global singer-songwriter did not previously publicly announce that he and his wife Cherry were expecting again. Ed is celebrating the arrival with his wife and shared the news on Instagram, in view of his 38 million followers, alongside a snap of some baby booties. Fans were delighted and were quick to comment on the photo-sharing site. One wrote: “Congrats Ed!! Can't wait for the music you make that’s inspired by her.” DON'T MISS:Rihanna ‘gives birth to baby boy’ with rapper A$AP Rocky[LATEST]Carol Vorderman puts on very busty display at Top Gun premiere[PICTURES]Strictly's Anton Du Beke takes wife to Top Gun premiere[STRICTLY] Another fan commented: "Wow! Congratulations Ed and Cherry! So happy you have been blessed with another child!” In November, Ed candidly spoke about struggling to conceive with his wife before their eldest daughter, Lyra, was born in a US radio interview. He described her as a 'blessing' and a 'miracle' when speaking to The Breakfast Club. Ed explained: “We had tried for a while to have a kid, and we'd started going to doctors and figuring out what was up. “I did think it was a miracle, so that's why I was like, we should have this in the name. 'A lot of it is mental. It's about relaxing. So many of my friends have been trying different things like IVF or making sure you're having sex at the right time on the right day, and then they go to a wedding and get p****d and relax and they get pregnant." “It's not a given. It is a real blessing when it happens.”