Tom Cruise has been the biggest advocate for the upcoming sequel movie Top Gun Maverick since its inception. Not only is the actor starring in it as the titular hero, Maverick, but he is also a main producer in the picture. Cruise used this extra on-set clout to fight for the movie to utilise real-life scenes rather than CGI effects. This meant the actors in the movie were forced to learn how to fly real planes. Yes, every in-flight scene was actually shot in the cockpit of a real-life plane flying at G-force speeds. And the actors in the planes were responsible for their own safety, as well as their own cinematography. As an adrenaline junkie himself, this is nothing new to Cruise, who has done countless death-defying stunts over the years - including running up the enormous Burj Khalifa building in Dubai and hanging off the side of a Bowing plane. But because of this, the actors were stuck in a collection of stringent rules. Rooster star Miles Teller has now revealed that the cast and crew were not allowed to step away from their responsibilities - even long after they were grounded and safe. This included Cruise reportedly banning the cast and crew from drinking alcohol on the set of Top Gun Maverick. Cruise reportedly kept the cast and crew on "rigorous schedules" to ensure that they could not put anyone at risk by getting drunk the night before a big scene. Teller recently revealed that, even though he often wanted to go indulge in a cheeky beverage between scenes, he knew he couldn't. "There were days after a tough shoot that I could have really used a couple of beers," Teller said. "But you just don’t want to be flying at those speeds hungover." He was given one night off from the rules, however, during the middle of filming - but he wasn't happy with how it went. READ MORE: Top Gun Maverick: ‘I’m too old and fat’ Kelly McGillis on sequel snub Teller was allowed to dodge the "no alcohol" rule so he could attend a wedding. He recalled: "The next day I had flight training in 100C heat. That was rough." A source added: "On most sets, the cast and crew socialise and go drinking but on Top Gun [Maverick], they were told to keep partying at a minimum." (Via Daily Star) This mainly comes down to Cruise wanting to cultivate a working culture that was rich in decorum and professionalism. DON'T MISS...Top Gun Maverick: ‘I’m too old and fat’ Kelly McGillis on sequel snub [NEWS]Tom Cruise in sweet display with Top Gun's Jennifer Connolly at Cannes [INFO]Top Gun Maverick: Kilmer sabotaged his audition opposite Tom Cruise [INSIGHT] Cruise was in charge of a number of pieces of the film's production, and he wanted to keep the film's high-octane scenes "as authentic as possible". That meant ensuring the safety of everyone who would be in or around a plane for filming. Cruise made sure that everything in the upcoming movie was perfect - including the casting. During the casting call for the film, the Top Gun franchise decided that Maverick's former love-interest Charlie Blackwood (Kelly McGillis) would not be returning. Instead, Cruise will be playing opposite Jennifer Connelly for the first time. What's more, Val Kilmer is making a return to the series as Iceman, but in a smaller role. The antagonist now has a smaller part in the movie that is mostly being voiced by AI technology and his son. Read all about it here. Top Gun Maverick hits cinemas on May 27. SOURCE