Chelsea have Christopher Nkunku on a long list of 'many appreciated players' with Romelu Lukaku potentially playing an important role in the Blues trying to sign the RB Leipzig star. Chelsea will be looking to make moves in the summer window to close the gap to Manchester City and Liverpool next season. Tuchel's side had kept pace with the title battle up until Christmas before results began to take a turn for the worse. Now with new owners taking charge, the club are heading in a different direction with big plans for the summer. Bolstering the centre of defence is a top priority with Antonio Rudiger leaving the club. Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta also appear likely to leave, meaning Tuchel will be short of options in defence. But there may also be a need to enter the market for options further up the pitch depending on Lukaku's future. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the Belgium international wants 'maximum clarity' on the club's plan for him beyond the summer. JUST IN: Chelsea wonderkid speaks out on future after Arsenal 'make contact'  Lukaku struggled on his return to the Premier League and Tuchel ended up favouring Kai Havertz as the central striker towards the end of the campaign. Chelsea's 'priority' is still said to be in defence, but if there's a hint of Lukaku leaving then that could open the door for the Blues to try and sign Nkunku. “Romelu Lukaku has been evaluating his situation for weeks because his intention is to clarify as soon as possible what to do with Chelsea next season," he told CaughtOffside. “Romelu would like maximum clarity after such a complicated year. “The club’s priority is defence, while on the striker’s side there will be no movement for a few days. Christopher Nkunku is one of the many appreciated players within the club, but RB Leipzig want to keep him at all costs and have offered him a new contract.” DON'T MISS  Tuchel has already stated that plans are in place for the club to sign new recruits this summer. But, speaking earlier this month, Tuchel admitted that they may not get their top targets. "We have clear ideas how to improve, how to freshen the squad, improve the squad, bring new energy and quality," he said. "Would not be the first transfer window where you have a wish and cannot make it as a coach. "We will find solutions but first of all we must adapt to the general situation. Then we see if it is possible and what is possible.”