Priscilla Presley has said in the past how her ex-husband borrowed an appearance trick from Tony Curtis of a little bit of black eyeliner just above his eyes. It turns out The King “loved makeup” as it gave his look “a punch”. On top of this, Elvis Presley kept up an incredible suntan, which a close family member has spoken of in a recent Q&A session. Danny Smith, the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy, was asked on his Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel about The King’s skin. The question was: “How did Elvis get his suntan? Did he take something for it or get it natural?” He replied: “Both. I know at one time he had and was taking some prescribed suntan pills…at the time he would go out and lay by the pool… for 10 or 15 minutes or so. He would tan a little bit on his arms and his chest and his face. So, to answer that I would have to say a little of both.” Elvis’ ex-girlfriend from 1972-76, Linda Thompson, has said how The King would take these tanning pills Danny mentioned, to increase the melanin in his skin. The 71-year-old recalls The King “looking like a Greek God” as a result. This can be seen in the picture she shared on her Instagram below. Linda wrote: “Flashback Friday… To that time Elvis just nonchalantly walked into the room dressed in all white… looking like a Greek God…with a beautiful blue diamond ring encircled with white diamonds set in platinum & said 'Here honey I got this for you.' I answered 'What? Why? It’s not my birthday or Christmas or any special occasion.' Elvis smiled that crooked little smile of his and softly said 'Because it’s Tuesday, and I love you.'” DON'T MISSElvis movie: Lisa Marie, Priscilla ‘overcome with emotions, in tears’ [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis Presley and Lisa Marie's Graceland antics and private times [LISA MARIE]Graceland upstairs: Priscilla modified Elvis' bed to avoid injuries [ELVIS BED] Aside from his tan, Linda has confirmed the rumour that Elvis had webbed toes. She told Reel Talker: “Linda shared: “He had twin toes, which meant that his second toe from the big toe and the third toe were conjoined up to what would be the knuckle. And I used to tease him a lot about having webbed toes! So he had twin toes. That’s something most people don’t know.”