Martin Kemp and his wife Shirlie have addressed their "dream come true" for their future grandchildren after collaborating on a joint album together. The Spandau Ballet hitmaker, 60, and his singer wife, 60, both spoke about the project in an unearthed interview. It comes as the pair are set to appear on The Chris and Rosie Ramsey show this evening. Martin and Shirlie share two children, son Roman and daughter Harley Moon. In an unearthed interview, the musical duo gushed over their joint project while speaking about what it means for future additions to their family. It comes as they released a joint album called In The Swing Of It in 2019. Speaking about the joint music venture, Shirlie explained: "This is a dream come true. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood on ‘shocking’ divorce before meeting 'soulmate' "Our children and future grandchildren will hear it. It's beyond romantic." Speaking about her relationship with her husband, Shirlie gushed to Hello! Magazine: "What I love most about Martin is the unconditional love he shows me. When I look my worst, that's when I feel he loves me more." Shirlie told how their late friend George Michael would have been a fan of the album, adding: "He would have loved it". Martin previously shared that it feels "weird" to not receive Christmas hampers from the Careless Whisper hitmaker, which he sent to his family for over three decades. He said: "George absolutely loved Christmas. Christmas in the Kemp household didn’t start until December 14 when two giant hampers would be delivered through our door from Harrods. “Two massive baskets full of wine and cheese and food and meats and everything you needed to have a great Christmas. “This didn’t happen just once or twice. This happened for 30 years. "It’s very weird today that we don’t get those hampers," he said in a Greatest Hits Radio special called George Michael: 5 Years On. DON'T MISS... Bear Grylls' hopes for 'big' project with Meghan Markle & Prince Harry [INSIGHT]'Meghan Markle looking for next step up' Anne Robinson slams Duchess [ANALYSIS]Rebekah Vardy puts on cosy display with husband Jamie [UPDATE] It comes as the Spandau Ballet star recently admitted that he and wife Shirlie are suffering from "empty nest syndrome" ever since their two children have moved out of the family home. The couple are still missing Roman and Harley despite it being “a while” since they all lived together in Hertfordshire. While discussing where his home is in a new interview, the former EastEnders actor candidly said: “I grew up on the Essex Road when it was kind of left-over bomb sites from the Second World War. “But my home now is Hertfordshire — just me and Shirlie [Holliman], it’s been a while since the kids lived at home. “They call it empty nest syndrome, but I think it should be called empty heart syndrome. “I’ve also got a place in Nine Elms in Battersea for when I’m in London for work.” Further emphasising his sweet relationship with his children, Martin revealed how he chose to celebrate his milestone 60th birthday “just the four of us”. When quizzed on the best meal he’s had, the dad-of-two divulged: “My favourite restaurant by miles is The Ivy Chelsea Garden on Kings Road, the most beautiful restaurant in London.” “We recently went for my 60th birthday — just the four of us: me, Shirlie, Harley and Roman,” the star added to the Evening Standard. The Chris and Rosie Ramsey show airs tonight at 9pm on BBC Two.