While Beatrice and Eugenie do attend royal engagements, they are not working royals in the way that the Queen, Prince Charles, Prince William and Kate Middleton are. Has this impacted what kind of royals they are? And which UK Royal Family women have defined their royal style? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the sisters approach life in the UK Royal Family. Of the two York sisters, the expert believed that one displays more traditional royal characteristics than the other. She began: "Younger sister Eugenie without doubt presents the more regal body language signals when appearing in public. "Always looking like the more mature, confident and less openly emotional of the sisters, Eugenie’s poise and her approach to the cameras suggests she uses her grandmother the Queen as her role-model when it comes to ‘getting it right’." Indeed, Judi previously used this phrase to describe Queen Elizabeth II's successful royal approach. READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off The monarch has been a perfect model of decorum and grace for seven decades on the throne. Her protocol rules have been "hewn out of rock", and she has only shown a more "fun side" in recent years after so many years "getting it right". Unlike her sister, Princess Beatrice is slightly less traditional. While Eugenie takes inspiration from the matriarch, her older sister Beatrice emulates the style of a female in the extended Royal Family: Sarah Ferguson. Judi explained: "Beatrice is much more open with her thoughts and emotions and her body language looks a lot like her mother Fergie’s. "Both women have the widest round eyes that seem to reveal everything and both have a trait of posing in a rather self-effacing and less assured way, with Beatrice often leaning her head or her torso in towards her sister or her husband as though in need of some support." This was even evident in the photos which announced her engagement to the world. While Princess Beatrice cuddled into the chest of then-fiancé Edoardo Mapeli Mozzi with gleeful excitement, Princess Eugenie looked directly into the camera, appearing confident and unflappable. Judi had described Eugenie and Jack's engagement photo as displaying a "dynamic of near-equals in terms of power". This is similar to the Queen in that she never let herself be eclipsed by her royal husband, Prince Philip. The body language expert continued: "She will often look vulnerable while Eugenie reflects strength and stoicism. "The most recent and perhaps the most powerful illustration was at Price Philip’s memorial service."