The Minister spoke of the continuation of the conflict and considered that Vladimir Putin had already committed several strategic mistakes. The Minister was invited to BFMTV on the 75th day of the conflict in Ukraine, where he said: “There is nothing new. Russian aggression continues, the war continues."  Mr Le Drian said Putin had committed “four mistakes” during his attack on Ukraine, adding: “His first was thinking that Ukraine would fall easily.” The French minister also stressed the “global misjudgement” of the Russian president on the situation in Ukraine, saying that Putin also underestimated the European response and the solidarity within the Atlantic Alliance. Mr Le Drian added that the fourth mistake was Putin overestimating the strength of his army, saying that these elements could “result in the implementation of a war that will be long and difficult.” He also said: “This could be a war of several years.” READ MORE: EU diplomat claims Truss Brexit masterstroke to HELP Russia  In a speech to celebrate the anniversary of the 1945 victory over Nazi Germany, Putin said that his army was fighting in Ukraine to defend “the homeland” against an “unacceptable threat.” Jean-Yves Le Drian was the Minister of Defence under François Hollande, before being made Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2017. When questioned about the risk of escalation, including the risk of nuclear weapons, he said: “If there is an escalation, it will only come from the Russian army. “Russia intimidates us, but the threat of nuclear escalation is inappropriate and inadequate.”  DON'T MISS: Stock market slide fuels global financial meltdown fears [ANALYSIS] Should the UK join Macron’s new ‘European Community’? - POLL [POLL]Russia uprising as furious ex-Soviet openly shames Putin in streets [REACTION] The Minister went on to praise the “tremendous resistance of Ukraine” against the Russian army and said “Putin is in denial” with the invasion. He went on to accuse Putin of “reversing the responsibilities of the war” during his speech on the sidelines of the May 9 commemorations. As the Russian-Ukraine war enters its 76th day, the invasion still continues with the death toll on the rise. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega. 