Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff hit out at Fernando Alonso after the Spaniard slowed the progress of Lewis Hamilton during the closing stages of the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton was forced to settle for a disappointing eighth-placed finish on the streets of Monte-Carlo after failing to make up any ground over the course of the event, which was ultimately cut short due to a series of lengthy delays and unexpected twists. The Mercedes man was prevented from finishing any higher than seventh after the second red flag of the contest when Alonso decided to back up the cars behind him by driving over three seconds off the pace at the iconic Monaco circuit, where it is notoriously difficult to overtake. Wolff went on to criticise the 40-year-old in the immediate aftermath of the race and raised questions over the layout of the track, which has hardly changed over the course of the last six decades."That was the usual chaotic race in Monaco and once again, a lesson that we need to look at this circuit layout so people can't drive round five seconds off the pace in a procession," said Wolff in his post-race notes."This is a fantastic venue and spectacle but it would be great if the racing could be at the same level. With the length of the race, and the delays and interruptions, it felt more like an NFL game than a Grand Prix. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc hits out at Ferrari and demands talks after Monaco GP "But I'm not sure that much else could have been done. We need to give the race directors credit for managing a difficult situation."The rain at the beginning was torrential, then there was an issue with the connectivity for the TV broadcast which meant we couldn't get going. When we finally did, it was a strong afternoon for George [Russell] and a really frustrating one for Lewis. "There were the laps stuck with Esteban [Ocon], who got penalised for the collision, then the slow pace from Alonso, without which Lewis could have been racing Lando [Norris] and George."Hamilton currently finds himself down in sixth place in the Drivers' Championship standings and already looks to be adrift of the battle for this year's end-of-season honours after just seven Grands Prix. He has been pipped by Russell in every race with the exception of Bahrain and will be desperate to produce an improved showing at the next time of asking in Azerbaijan to begin climbing up the table. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE