Will Kirk shot to fame when he joined the cast of The Repair Shop back in 2017 and hasn't looked back since. Working as the BBC show's wood expert, Will has been able to restore plenty of treasured items back to their former glory. As his skills are continually presented through the heartwarming series, fans have grown eager to find out more about Will's personal life. Will Kirk is a wood restoration expert, having grown up watching his granddad in his own workshop. Choosing to follow in his footsteps, Will opted in to study Graphic Design and Antique Furniture Restoration and Conservation at the University of the Arts and London Metropolitan University. After graduating, Will went travelling to Italy with the Worshipful Company of Painters and Stainers to represent the UK at the annual Salon Decorative Arts Fair and in 2012. It was in this same year that he also set up his workshop William Kirk Restoration in London which is where he is still based. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Will Kirk is one of the younger members of The Repair Shop team on BBC One. He was born on May 14, 1985, which means that Will is now 37-years-old. The expert marked the special occasion with an Instagram post earlier this month, sharing a picture of himself beaming while holding a birthday cake, surrounded by smaller chocolate cupcakes. He also posted another picture of himself as a little boy smiling at a similar-looking chocolate cake. In the caption, Will wrote: "Less hair, more wrinkles, but pretty much the same....Thank you all for your birthday wishes!" The post received more than 21,000 likes on Instagram and a plethora of messages from fans and friends. Some of which were celebrities, including BBC's Dr Punama Krishan, TV presenter Rav Wilding and The Repair Shop's Sonnaz Nooranvary. While Will hasn't explained how he celebrated his birthday, it is most likely that he spent it with his loved ones. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [WARNING]Jay Blades' gushes over 'supportive' partner who 'softens blow' [CAST] The Repair Shop star married his long-term girlfriend Dr Polly Snowdon on August 7, 2021. They were originally meant to tie the knot in 2020 but had to postpone their big day due to the coronavirus pandemic. When their time did come to say their "I dos" Will and Polly married at the King's Head Hotel in Cirencester. Will announced in April that they were expecting their first child together. The synopsis for the latest episode of The Repair Shop reads: "First to arrive at the barn is Jack Laugher with a pair of Olympic medals from the 2016 summer games in Rio de Janeiro, one silver and one gold, and both won by Jack in the diving pool. "In the years since this double achievement, Jack has proudly taken his medals to schools to try to inspire the next generation to take up sports. "Unfortunately, all that attention has taken its toll on the medals and their wooden cases. "To restore them to their winning ways will be an Olympian challenge for the barn’s silversmith Brenton West and wood wizard Will Kirk." The Repair Shop season 10 continues every Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.