For the occasion, the Duchess of Cambridge re-wore a beautiful pastel blue dress made by her private dressmaker. The vintage-style gown reminded fans of the iconic Mary Poppins dress with social media user @Caitlin07131997 saying: "Love this! I am getting Mary Poppins vibes!" Just like Mary Poppins, Kate also carried an umbrella to ensure her gorgeous dress remained dry. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester who also attended the annual garden party. Kate opted for a summery midi dress which she combined with a matching hat with a flower on the side. A pair of pastel blue stilettos by Jimmy Choo and a matching clutch bag by designer Emmy London Natasha finished the Duchess' stylish look. The Duchess wore this same gown for Prince Charles' 50th anniversary of his investiture. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'means business' - but his 'action is based on anger'  Back in 2019 when the Duchess first wore this design, the Palace confirmed the dress was custom made by Kate's private dressmaker. The pale blue dress features a high collar, full skirt and loose sleeves with a fitted cuff. Royals fans took to social media to praise the royal's outfit. Twitter account @loveforcambridg said: "Our Duchess looking gorgeous as always." Another one, Robbie Kane, commented: "So regal!" Royal watcher @lifechance29 said: "Gorgeous dress!" Royal fan @JustMe4Now0 said: "Juuuuust stunning" and @dagmar_Marie77 added: "Catherine is looking like a spring flower today." The Duchess opted for a natural make-up look and styled her hair in a chic half updo.   For jewellery, Kate was seen wearing a pair of delicate drop earrings. The Countess of Wessex also donned a blue dress with a matching hat. The long-sleeve gown, by designer Emilia Wickstead, is the same piece she wore for Ascot a few years ago. Sophie finished the look with a pair of cream stilettos. Sophie was also seen wearing a pearl bracelet and a beautiful diamond brooch in the shape of a flower. Twitter user @servingsophie said: "I love this dress and this colour on HRH is beautiful." Princess Beatrice also attended the garden party wearing a brown and white midi dress and a matching headband. The royal finished her look with black stilettos and a matching clutch.