It's rare you get something for nothing but that's exactly what Sky is offering right now. Along with the rest of the best Sky TV deals around at the moment, the satellite TV firm has been running a promotion for the past week that comes with free broadband for anyone who signs up for its Sky Q and Netflix bundle. It's a very good offer with the broadband supplied at no extra cost for the first six months of the contract. That means you pay just £26 per month rather than the usual £56.60. Along with that free internet access, this bundle includes over 350 channels with premium content from Sky Atlantic, Sky Max and National Geographic all part of the plan. There's also full access to Netflix so you can binge on boxsets and watch originals such as Drive to Survive, Pieces of Her and The Tinder Swindler. You'll also get the award-winning set-top box which, as our recent five-star Sky Q review reveals, is one of the best ways of viewing TV. This set-top box not only allows you to watch in pin-sharp 4K but also record six shows at once. There's also a clever voice remote to help find content more easily and it now features easy access to all the most popular streaming services such as Disney+ and Netflix. Here are full details about this new Sky deal SKY Q, NETFLIX AND BROADBAND BUNDLE PRICE: £26 (first 6 months) INCLUDES: 36Mbps broadband, Sky Q box, 350 premium channels plus Netflix access, CONTRACT: 18-months TERMS: £49 set-up fee. Monthly price may change during the 18-month contract SEE THE DEAL HERE So that's the free broadband deal from Sky but it's not the only offer that's available from the telly firm. Another top offer that stands out has to be the Sky Q Lite bundle. This plan includes access to over 250 channels - via the award-winning Sky Q box - with full access to BBC, ITV, Channel 4 plus services such as Sky Arts, Film4, Paramount Network and Dave.  Along with all that telly to watch there's broadband thrown in as well with customers getting Sky's basic 36Mbps internet as part of the plan. That speed is fast enough for streaming Netflix, whizzing around the web and checking your daily dose of emails. The only thing you need to be aware of before hitting the "buy" button is that Sky Q Lite only includes standard Freeview channels and not any of Sky's more premium content. Channels such as Sky Atlantic, National Geographic and Sky Max can be added but this does cost an extra £9 per month. Here are full details about this new Sky deal SKY Q LITE BUNDLE PRICE: £30 per month (lowest ever!) INCLUDES: Sky Q with over 200 Freeview channels plus basic broadband CONTRACT: 18-months TERMS: £29.95 set-up fee. Monthly price may change during the 18-month contract SEE THE DEAL HERE