Emma Raducanu has been given some food for thought following her latest coaching axe after Iga Swiatek’s psychologist shared the importance of “meaningful relationships” for a young, overnight Grand Slam champion. The Pole won her first Major title as an unseeded 19-year-old at the French Open, while Raducanu won the US Open as an 18-year-old qualifier, though Swiatek has since gone on to reach world No 1 and win seven more titles. Raducanu is making her French Open debut, playing just her second Grand Slam tournament since winning the US Open as the 150th-ranked qualifier last year. She was unable to get past the second round in Australia earlier this season, with her best result since her Grand Slam title coming in the quarter-finals of Transylvania and Stuttgart, as she lost to the world No 1 in the latter tournament. Top-ranked Swiatek herself has experienced similar overnight success to the Brit, winning her first title at the French Open as an unseeded teenager when it was postponed to October in 2020. And the now-20-year-old has gone on to achieve great success, currently on a 29 match-winning streak which includes five of her eight career titles. And Swiatek’s psychologist Daria Abramowicz has now offered advice to other young, sudden Major champions like Raducanu, with the Pole serving as the perfect example of someone who backed up her surprise Grand Slam glory. Raducanu has fired three coaches in under a year, something Abramowicz believes won’t help her success, as she placed a huge emphasis on building “meaningful relationships”. JUST IN: Tennis rule slammed as defending French Open champ booed in shock exit   “Well definitely I’d say that maintaining meaningful relationships is one of the absolute keys to it [success],” the sports psychologist told Express Sport. “Having expert and emotional support around is something that can help to navigate a challenging situation, especially with an environment that is changing constantly or within one night as for someone who is winning suddenly a Grand Slam tournament for example, [rather] than someone who’s progressing more slowly, let’s just say. “But still, I would say the first and one of the more important parts would be to maintain these relationships.” The world No 12 has opted to do the opposite since her triumph in Flushing Meadows, first parting ways with Andrew Richardson - her LTA youth coach who guided her to the US Open title - for someone with more experience on the pro tour following her sudden rise up the rankings. Raducanu opted for Torben Beltz, but ended their relationship last month to “transition to a new training model with the LTA helping in the interim”. And she had already axed Nigel Sears, who worked with her during her run to the second week of Wimbledon in what was her Grand Slam debut as the 338th-ranked wildcard last summer. DON'T MISSNaomi Osaka contemplating skipping WimbledonSloane Stephens replies to being asked to 'snitch' on WTAWimbledon boycott begins as first player confirms they won't play  While the Bromley teenager might not be following Abramowicz’s advice about building a solid, long-term team, she could still benefit from the rest of team Swiatek’s mentality. Abramowicz, who has been working with Swiatek for three years, shared more tips for long-term success, adding: “And also to have time to think about this core values that all of us will have, as I said these core things such as moral code, such as experience and every other thing that helps to build up that way. “And part of my approach is that an athlete is always first of all a human being, that would be something that I would be focusing [on] a lot especially with players, athletes in sports that are aiming for success. And probably last but not least, we often try to prepare ourselves to cope with loss and obviously we talk a lot about having lessons from that which is great and learning from them, but I do think that especially high performance sportspeople do not put enough attention to prepare for success and everything that comes afterwards.” Daria Abramowicz was speaking as part of the Asic Uplift Court event ahead of Roland Garros. 