Simon Jordan believes that Tottenham have not been good enough to finish in the top four this season even though Antonio Conte’s side look set to finish in the Champions League places following Arsenal’s 2-0 defeat to Newcastle on Monday. Spurs currently sit two points ahead of their north London rivals in fourth and boast a superior goal difference, meaning only a defeat to Norwich on the final day of the season and an Arsenal win over Everton will mean they finish outside of the top four. However Jordan told talkSPORT: “I think the fourth and fifth spot in this league this year is based upon two sides that are not good enough really to be in the top four under a normal regime of what a top four looks like. “Because of the composition of the league this year that’s why it has been up and down, that’s why Tottenham it was not so long ago we were talking about Tottenham and we knew what we were going to get. "Tottenham are going to win, they are going to lose, they are going to win, they are going to lose. All of a sudden they have hit a vein of form because Conte has a substance. But it was not long ago we were talking about Conte having some hissy fit two or three months ago, being a temperamental Italian because he could not get apparently what he wanted from the team.” Tottenham, a point away from Champions League football next season, will be hoping their manager Conte stays at the club next season after consistent speculation around his future this campaign. Harry Kane has revealed that he enjoys working with the Italian, and wants him to stay at the club. Kane said: “The manager’s future is his decision. He has worked really hard while he has been here, he's a great guy, a really passionate man, so whatever his decision is you have to respect it - but I am enjoying it and the boys are enjoying working with him. “I am a big fan of his. We get on really well so it would be great for the club if he stays. But he's his own man, I'm sure he will talk to the club and decide on his future.” Spurs put themselves in pole position to finish fourth after Kane’s penalty gave them all three points in a 1-0 win over Burnley, before Arsenal fell to a 2-0 defeat at Newcastle thanks to an own goal from Ben White and a Bruno Guimaraes strike. Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka slammed his team-mates after Monday’s defeat on Tyneside, saying: "If someone isn't ready for this game, stay at home. It doesn't matter your age. If you're nervous, stay on the bench or stay at home. You need people to have the balls to come here and play.”