Kate Middleton, 40, stunned in her Michael Kors coat today in Manchester with her husband Prince William. However, it was her choice of earrings that were the poignant nod to the people of Manchester. The Duchess of Cambridge wore her bee and honeycomb earrings by Vanleles Diamonds.  Kate's earrings from Vanleles Diamonds were designed by Vania Dörffer. Ms Dörffer wrote on Instagram: "I am so incredibly honoured to have designed and created this special pair of earrings for the Duchess of Cambridge featuring our iconic Nile hoop earrings with bespoke motifs' Vania."  The bee is one of the best known symbols of Manchester and has been an emblem for the city for over 150 years. Many people wore bees or changed their social media icons to bees in solidarity with Mancunions after the 2017 terrorist attack. Royal fans took to social media to praise Kate's "thoughtful" gesture. READ MORE: Kate Middleton re-wears Michael Kors dress & symbolic bee earrings  Twitter user @cakemakergroves said: "Always thoughtful. Shows at every appearance." Another account, @loveforcambridg added: "Aw she is always so thoughtful." Royal watcher @NorthernLass81 wrote: "A perfect, thoughtful detail from Catherine." The Glade of Light memorial is a white marble "halo" bearing the names of those killed in the May 2017 outrage.  The royal couple attended a ceremony to officially unveil the memorial and commemorate the victims before meeting some of their families. At the ceremony, William gave an emotional speech before he and Kate walked around the memorial garden, where the Duchess laid flowers. Kate's coat dress from today is not new, as she has worn it a few times before. It is the Michael Kors Indigo Twill Coat, and it cost £1,870.  The coat has lapel collars, several front buttons, a flared skirt, and flap pockets. Kate last wore the coat dress in March 2017 for the Service of Dedication, and before that in May 2016. Kate also debuted a new handbag for today's occasion, by the designer Polene. The exact handbag is the Numéro Sept Mini and it retails for £340. To complete the look, Kate opted for her navy suede pumps by Emmy London.  The Duchess also wore her hair down, in her signature soft wave, while she kept her makeup neutral. Apart from her engagement ring and the bee earrings, Kate wore a small gold and blue gemstone necklace. The necklace was designed by Astley Clarke and is called the round stilla lapis lazuli pendant necklace. It costs £160 and Kate has worn it a few times before. 