Osteoarthritis, which causes shock-absorbing cartilage around the joints to break down, is the fourth leading cause of disability in men and can leave sufferers in excruciating pain. Hip osteoarthritis in particular can be highly debilitating and sufferers often use several different treatments to manage their symptoms – ranging from acupuncture to steroid injections. The problem with steroids and other treatments is that they only cure the symptoms, not the cause of osteoarthritis pain. One treatment a group of research centres have recently tested and found promising results for is MFAT injections, which stands for micro-fragmented adipose tissue. Researchers from the Regenerative Clinic and three universities including Manchester Metropolitan measured the hip pain and function of people with osteoarthritis before the injections and over a two year period afterwards. It was found that 60 percent of participants, with an average age of 60 and a low BMI, showed significant improvements over six to 12 months. They looked at 147 sufferers, including people with milder grade one osteoarthritis to those with the most severe grade four osteoarthritis. They also tested some people with platelet-rich plasma (PRP), which contains proteins linked to cell growth, coupled with MFAT and found similar results. READ MORE: Cancer: How to tell if numbness in your extremities is symptomatic of the disease Only 20 people, half belonging to the MFAT group and the other half to the MFAT with PRP group, needed to receive hip replacements afterwards because they didn’t show improvements. Most of these people had the two severest categories of arthritis, grade 3 and 4. Commenting on the study, professor Nima Heidari, a consultant orthopaedic and trauma surgeon, said it showed the “optimal time period” for MFAT treatments. He also explained why it might not work for people with the most severe osteoarthritis. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Signs of 'excess cholesterol' [INSIGHT]Combining ibuprofen with certain meds causes kidney damage [ADVICECancer: New study links dairy consumption to cancer risk [INSIGHT] “Some participants went on to have hip replacement because the hip had deteriorated too far before MFAT treatment commenced,” he said. “When hip osteoarthritis is very advanced, and the femoral head loses its natural spherical shape then it is unlikely that these kinds of treatments can provide long term effective pain relief.” Adipose tissue is a source of mesenchymal stem cells, cells that can turn into other cells, giving them the ability to repair different parts of the body, such as a damaged hip joint. Unlike bone marrow, which is only made up of 0.2 per cent of mesenchymal stem cells, adipose tissue is far richer in these cells containing up to 2 percent. The cells within adipose tissue also have the potential to turn into chondrocytes which secrete substances that help to maintain and sustain cartilage, which is damaged in people with osteoarthritis. This study is the largest of its kind but experts say they are “excited” for more tests looking at the long term effects of MFAT treatment on hip pain. “We look forward to a larger clinical trial characterising in detail the effectiveness in patients with different grades of osteoarthritis, to determine long-term benefits over two–five years and any osteoarthritis gender-related differences in response.” Osteoarthritis can also be managed using “simple measures”, according to the NHS. The measures include regular exercise and losing weight if you’re overweight and wearing suitable footwear. The health body advises 150 minutes of moderate aerobic exercise per week and strength exercises every two weeks.