Following last night’s world premiere in Los Angeles, the first reviews for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness have arrived. After over a decade, Eternals was the MCU’s first proper dud with the critics last year and now the latest Marvel movie is seeing opinion divided over if Benedict Cumberbatch’s second solo outing is any good or not. At the time of writing the film has a positive Rotten Tomatoes score of 84 per cent, with some reviewers loving the latest blockbusters and other deriding it. THE GOOD REVIEWS Evening StandardSophisticated, beautifully-acted, emotional and very funny... EmpireMarvel's most deranged and energetic movie yet, as much of a winning comeback for director Sam Raimi as it is a mega-budget exercise in universal stakes-raising. Total FilmThere are enough crowd-pleasing moments to reward the faithful, Cumberbatch remains enjoyable in a role he’s played in five previous films (and a season of What If…?) and Gomez hints at a bright future in the MCU. THE MIDDLING REVIEWS IGNDoctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a Sam Raimi movie from top to bottom, for better and worse. USA TodayWhile the Marvel-ness of “Madness” will make your head spin, Raimi’s signature style, penchant for the macabre and sense of humor oddly ground the film. Digital SpyIt's absolutely a Sam Raimi movie and is definitely the MCU's first horror movie, resulting in some unique sequences. However, the story lets it down and could prove divisive for fans. VarietyDoctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness” is a ride, a head trip, a CGI horror jam, a what-is-reality Marvel brainteaser and, at moments, a bit of an ordeal. It’s a somewhat engaging mess, but a mess all the same. Hollywood ReporterThough unsatisfying in some respects, the film is enough fun to make one wish for a portal to a variant universe in which Marvel movies spent more time exploiting their own strengths and less time trying to make you want more Marvel movies. The GuardianThe multiverse madness is treated with genial high-energy panache, though I have to say that this infinite profusion of realities does not actually feel all that different... from the shapeshifting, retconning world of all the other Avengers films. Screen RantThe action sequences are fun. Paired with the films visual style and horror elements, it fares well enough, though the personal journeys are lacking. DON'T MISSAvatar 2 leak: Avatar The Way of Water's stunning first look pictures [AVATAR 2]Disney 'refused' to cut Doctor Strange 2's LGBTQ+ scene with new hero [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Doctor Strange 2 ad drops massive Tobey Maguire Spider-Man Easter Egg [TOBEY MAGUIRE] THE BAD REVIEWS The TelegraphA new low for Marvel’s digital gloop factory... After the staggering commercial success of Spider-Man: No Way Home, it’s no surprise that fan-pleasing cameos abound. The IndependentAny opportunity to really put the “madness” in this multiverse is spoiled by the crowded, intersecting desires of its three main characters. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits UK cinemas on May 5, 2022.