Inheritance tax (IHT) has a range of allowances and thresholds, meant to ensure that Britons with small inheritances aren’t paying staggering tax bills. However, utilising this to the full extent could see some people passing on up to £1million entirely tax-free, if they know how to do it.  The biggest tax-free tool for IHT is the threshold or nil rate band, which is currently £325,000 and unfortunately did not increase in this years’ spring statement. An estate below this value has no IHT liability at all. This threshold applies to every individual. Another useful threshold is the residence nil rate band, although it has a few more criteria to be met.      The residence nil rate band only exempts property given to direct descendants, children or grandchildren, with a threshold of up to £500,000. This is meant to help people pass on their family home to future generations without incurring insurmountable tax bills. The property does not have to be passed onto one’s biological children, as adopted, foster or stepchildren are also eligible under the threshold. Additionally, married couples or civil partners with an estate worth less than the nil rate band threshold can pass on their unused threshold to their surviving spouse or partner.  Combining these three aspects can see the last surviving spouse or partner able to pass on £1million without incurring IHT. The standard rate of IHT is currently 40 percent, and aside from utilising the thresholds, Britons can lower this percentage by specifying where their money should go. If a person leaves 10 percent of the net value of their estate to charity in their will, their IHT rate for the rest of their estate can be lowered to 36 percent. Additionally, if one doesn’t want their heirs paying a large tax bill but cannot lower their liability any further, they could potentially pass on some of the inheritance before their death.  Gifts made more than seven years before one’s death are not included in the IHT calculations. However, if one does make a gift and ends up dying within seven years, the recipient may be charged IHT if the gifter is not wary of the thresholds. One exception to this is gifts to spouses and civil partners during one’s lifetime will not incur any IHT if they are legally married or in a civil partnership and both live in the UK permanently. Aside from partners, each year Britons have an annual allowance of £3,000 which they can give away as gifts without having to worry about the tax burden.  This amount can also be split between multiple people. The small gift allowance lets people gift £250 per person per tax year. Wedding or civil partnership gifts have different allowances depending on one’s relationship to the happy couple. Parents can gift £5,000 to their child getting married, £2,500 to a grandchild or great-grandchild and £1,000 to any other person.