Ralf Rangnick has announced he's leaving Manchester United this summer. The 63-year-old had been expected to stay on at Old Trafford as a consultant having been named interim boss earlier in the season. Yet, now, that won't be happening. Rangnick took over from Solskjaer in December but oversaw a nightmare season at United. Despite players failing to take to the German, the club had planned on the 63-year-old to become a consultant. Yet that won’t be happening now, with Rangnick revealing at a press conference with Austria that he won’t be hanging around at Old Trafford. The club revealed Rangnick wouldn’t be staying ‘due to the demands’ of his new role as Austria manager. And they said in a statement: “We would like to thank Ralf Rangnick for his efforts as interim manager over the past six months. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “By mutual agreement, Ralf will now focus solely on his new role as manager of the Austria national team and will not therefore be taking up a consultancy role at Old Trafford. “We would like to wish Ralf the best of luck in this next chapter of his career.” Rangnick will be replaced by Erik ten Hag at United. And his exit comes just days after the Dutchman had distanced himself from his predecessor. Earlier in the week, Ten Hag merely said ‘that is on the club’ when asked about Rangnick staying on to be an advisor. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Now, United are likely to take heed of the advice Ten Hag gives them. John Murtough and Darren Fletcher will conduct the majority of their transfer business, with Richard Arnold involved from afar. Joel Glazer, and his brother Avram, will ultimately have the final say on who comes in and who leaves Old Trafford. Rangnick amassed a win percentage of just 37.9 per cent during his time in the dugout. And his forthright manner didn’t endear him to players behind the scenes, with it quickly established he didn’t have the authority to succeed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking prior to his United exit, meanwhile, Rangnick opened up on talks he’d had with Ten Hag. "We've been in contact via WhatsApp and hopefully we will have the opportunity to meet and speak in person, either at the weekend or Monday morning at the latest,” he said. "I'm looking forward to speaking to him in person and getting to know him in person." And Rangnick also said: "We spoke about that [the consultancy role] in detail. “About all the different areas where I could maybe be of help. It's not that easy or not that difficult to know in which areas this could be.”