The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) is an economic research institute which specialises in UK taxation and public policy. The SNP might have to ask Whitehall for further funding after they pledged to overspend in Scotland by £640 per person. The IFS has said the Scottish Government’s spending review on Tuesday is likely to show a £3.5billion black hole in its budget by 2026–27. David Phillips, the think tank’s associate director, said the SNP is facing some “very tough decisions”. He added that the UK Government might have to provide Scotland with extra funding. He said: “A series of expensive spending commitments on top of underlying spending pressures mean that the Scottish Government faces a multi-billion budget shortfall over the next four years under current forecasts. “Because it cannot borrow to fund day-to-day spending except in some limited circumstances.  “Next week’s Scottish Spending Review could see the announcement of pretty hefty tax rises or cuts to spending on lower priority services. “It could also lead to even the abandoning of some policy commitments, to bring the budget into balance.” He added the Scottish Government could “pin its hopes” on further funding which is “effectively the gamble” the SNP made in its 2021 election manifesto. However, Mr Phillips said the plan might not be as successful this time.  DON'T MISS: SNP attack on Boris spectacularly backfires [REVEAL]SNP shamed by Sarwar over cost of living 'Hum and haw all you like!' [ANALYSIS]'Sturgeon is running scared!' SNP leader stuns own MPs with rejection [INSIGHT]  He said: “While further funding top-ups could be on the way it seems unlikely that the UK Government will top up its plans by anything like enough to allow the Scottish Government to pay for all of its policy priorities without some hard choices on tax and/or other areas of spending.” The £3.5billion deficit is the Scottish Government’s central prediction for its deficit over a five-year horizon. However, the Scottish Government has projected a range from a £10billion shortfall to a £4billion surplus, which Mr Phillips said “almost certainly overstates the degree of uncertainty”. He added that the figures could shift but a “substantial” funding gap looked likely. Mr Phillips added: “Difficult choices on Scottish tax and spending over the next few years will eventually have to be faced. “Political considerations including those related to the Scottish Government’s desire for another independence referendum will undoubtedly play a role in whether those choices are made clear next week or not.” 