Financial adviser Peter Komolafe told ITV’s Lorraine earlier today how he makes huge savings by going through his bank statements with a fine tooth comb at least once a year. Mr Komolafe is a money expert appearing on the latest series of Channel 4’s Secret Spenders - a programme which helps cash-strapped families get a grip on their finances. Appearing on Lorraine on ITV earlier today, he mentioned how people can make huge savings by doing a direct debit detox. He suggested: “Just take the time to look at your finances - so for example your bank statements - as direct debits are changing slightly. “A lot of companies are going from direct debit payments to card payments.” READ MORE: Boost for more than one million low paid British workers He continued: “That means they don’t show up on your direct debit list. “So what I tend to do is on an annual basis I will go back over all of my statements and try and spot any card subscriptions. “Subscriptions that are paid by your card that don’t necessarily show up on your direct debit list and then have a look and say, ‘Right do i need that am I using it.” He said people can save "a few hundred pounds a year" by following simple money saving tips like this.  DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives his verdict on Premium Bonds versus savings account [ALERT]Santander is offering 2.5 percent interest rate on savings [UPDATE]Heat pump scheme 'not enough' as installation costs rise to £35,000 [WARNING] Another simple tip for saving money is to rein in online spending by paying by cash. Unfortunately, buying things online can leave people not realising how much they’ve spent. However, allocating a weekly cash limit can help to curb impulsive spending habits. Mr Komolafe recommended waiting a day or two before going back and buying a more expensive item. The financial expert certainly knows a thing or two about saving money. He has gone from being homeless to enjoying a successful career in financial services. Meanwhile, Express.co.uk has researched 20 ways people can save money during the cost of living crisis from Yellow Sticker bargains to online discounts. Britons should also check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Since the Universal Credit taper rate changed in November, thousands more people may be eligible for a top up. Nearly one million people (850,000) pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit. This could help them meet soaring energy bills as well as qualify for a free TV licence. Love or Money is available on BBC iPlayer. 