This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Norwich is a quirky little historic city with a tight knit community and strong sense of identity. There are plenty of opportunities for employment (the area is one of the biggest hubs for the insurance industry in Europe), education, property and a whole host of arts and cultural amenities locally. The city is also surrounded by the beautiful Norfolk countryside and offers the perfect combination of urban living, countryside escapism and coastline exploration. The spectacular Norfolk Broads are located just outside of Norwich too. Norwich was voted one of the best places to live in the UK for the 3rd year running in 2020 and again this year by The Sunday Times. The city has great transport links despite its easterly location. The A11 provides connections to Cambridge and London in 1 hour 27 minutes and two hours, respectively. When it comes to public transport, there is a direct train running to London Liverpool Street in just two hours and other major cities like Nottingham, Manchester, Sheffield and Liverpool can also be accessed from Norwich. Getting around this compact city is also easy to do on foot, including the pedestrianised centre. Norwich is very bike friendly too and there are enough cycle roots to keep even the keenest cyclists happy. There are also frequent bus services around Norwich city centre and surrounding suburbs. Many families choose to relocate to Norwich because it has some of the best schools in East Anglia. The city has 103 schools and colleges altogether, 23 of which have received an “outstanding” rating from Ofsted. Norwich is also one of the UK’s top shopping destinations. The city centre is home to two shopping centres: Chantry Place and the Castle Mall. Both of which provide shoppers with big-name-retail brands. The malls also have a wide selection of entertainment outlets and eateries. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ When looking for a property in Norwich there are several different areas to consider and where you might look for a home can be driven by your priorities and commuting. The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Norwich over the last 12 months stands at £336,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Norwich. Property: Five bedroom farm house Location: The Street, Tibenham, Norwich Price: £1,200,000 Marketed by: Whittley Parish, Long Stratton, via OnTheMarket. Located towards the outskirts of the village of Tibenham, the property enjoys a lovely rural but yet not isolated situation set back off a small country lane shared with similar period and attractive properties. The farm house is believed to date back to the early 1600s and offers immense character and charm throughout having many exposed and revealed period features on show. A solid wood period door to front giving access to the inner hall, which in turn leads to the stunning main reception room and kitchen. The house has two reception rooms, ideal for entertaining many guests. DON'T MISS: Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [COMMENT]Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs [EXPERT] The property has a beautiful open plan kitchen fitted with an extensive range of unit cupboard space. Of the five bedrooms, all five are double and two of which have access to en-suite bathrooms. The property houses three bathrooms, with the main bathroom being on the first floor. There is also a separate shower room on the ground floor, fitted with under floor heating. The property is set upon a large plot with grounds extending to 0.6 acre offering complete privacy and seclusion within. Attached to the house is a double garage and workshop. The gardens have been thoughtfully planted and are now well established and well stocked being predominantly laid to lawn and enclosed established hedging and mature trees giving a great deal of privacy. An extensive and diverse range of many day to day amenities and facilities can be found within the historic market town of Diss lying just seven miles to the south of the property. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: The Street, Tibenham, Norwich Price: £575,000 Marketed by: Sowerbys, Norwich, via OnTheMarket. This four bedroom property is the perfect opportunity for someone to put their stamp on a home. It is a delightful and charming Victorian property with an abundance of character. The official front door opens to an entrance hall providing access to both reception rooms. A previous owner used one of the reception rooms as a bedroom and subdivided it to create a disabled en-suite bathroom. It has been divided by a stud wall and could easily be reinstated into the reception room. The second reception room is double aspect with attractive original windows and delightful period style fireplace with pine surround. An arch leads through to the kitchen/breakfast room. It is comprehensively fitted with a farmhouse style wall and base units with a range of integrated appliances and space for a fridge/freezer. The staircase leads to the first floor landing off which are two double bedrooms. It is considered that one could be divided to create an en-suite. The landing splits into a corridor leading to two further double bedrooms, one with an en-suite shower room. There is a further bathroom with a separate shower cubicle. The drive is accessed off Laundry Close via electric gates leading to a tarmac parking area. There is a detached double garage with electric up and over door. Whilst there is an area of garden to the rear, the principal area is to the front and bordered by mature hedging with a superb and impressive tree. The garden is laid to lawn and is south-west facing. The garden continues around the property and has a greenhouse. Property: Four bedroom semi-detached house Location: Snowdrop Street, Wymondham Price: £325,000 Marketed by: EweMove Sales & Lettings, Wymondham, via OnTheMarket. Fresh on the market  is this four bedroom semi-detached town house that brings convenience, versatility, and low-maintenance. The property houses a pleasant frontage and driveway parking for two. The property has been well-presented with a modern kitchen, neutral decor and wooden flooring. The size and layout of the kitchen will help enhance culinary creations and allow for social meal prep. The neat cloakroom located at the front door and spacious under stair cupboard complete this floor. Next sits the principal bedroom with an ensuite shower room. This is a relaxing room with plenty of floor space to easily accommodate freestanding furniture. The first floor offers a brilliant living space giving the perfect excuse for ending your workday early and simply chilling. On the second floor lies three further bedrooms and a family bathroom off the landing. Two of the bedrooms are comfortable doubles with the third best suited to being a good-sized single, nursery, dressing room, home office or gaming room. To the rear, the strong south-westerly rays highlight the lounge-diner with patio doors leading out onto the private and easily maintained decking and garden. The evergreen astro turf with feature raised flower beds and wall lights offer a tranquil space both day and night. From here you may also peek into the garage which will adapt to your every need, not to mention its boarded loft for excess storage needs. If you need a quick shop or to catch a bus, Waitrose, Lidl and various bus routes are just a walk away. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Lyme Regis.