David Cholmondeley, the 7th Marquess of Cholmondeley, was at the ceremony earlier today (May 10). The Marquess carried the Imperial State Crown today, as the Queen’s son and heir, the Prince of Wales, took her place in the House of Lords. He was photographed carrying the huge purple velvet crown encrusted with 2,868 diamonds. The crown is estimated to be worth between £3 billion and £5 billion. David also holds the title of the Lord Great Chamberlain of England and is the sixth of the Great Officers of State, ranking beneath the Lord Privy Seal and above the Lord High Constable. His role involves duties at the Palace of Westminster and, thanks to his title, he is tasked with a major role in ceremonies such as coronations. He dresses in a distinctive scarlet court uniform when carrying out ceremonial work. He was seen bearing a gold key and a white stave as the insignia of his office. Outside of his formal state duties, Cholmondeley is a filmmaker and directed the film adaptation of Truman Capote's novel Other Voices, Other Rooms. He has also appeared on the big screen, with a small part in Eric Rohmer's film, “4 aventures de Reinette et Mirabelle”, which was released in 1987. A long-time friend of Prince William, Lord Cholmondeley, who also held the title of the Earl of Rocksavage is a descendant of Sir Robert Walpole, the first Prime Minister of Great Britain. He is the son of Hugh Cholmondeley, Sixth Marquess of Cholmondeley, and Lavinia, Marchioness of Cholmondeley. READ MORE: The Queen is represented at State Opening of Parliament with £5b crown A descendant of both the Rothschild family and the Sassoon family his paternal grandmother is Sybil Sassoon. Like most members of his family, the Marquess was educated at Eton College and subsequently studied at the Sorbonne in Paris. He's also a near neighbour of the Duke of Cambridge, as he has a home in Norfolk. His properties include Houghton Hall in Norfolk, and Cholmondeley Castle, which is surrounded by a 7,500-acre estate near Malpas, Cheshire. DON'T MISS: Queen's ceremonial maces seen poking out of windowQueen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for futureWe saw history made today as Prince Charles became 'King Charles' The Marquess inherited his title upon the death of his father in 1990, and has an estimated net worth of approximately £60m. Royal expert Richard Eden commented on the Marquess’ presence at the ceremony, referencing to his long-time friendship with the Duke of Cambridge. Retweeting a picture of them, Mr Eden said: “Good to see Prince William with his old friend and Norfolk neighbour, the Marquess of Cholmondeley, David Rocksavage.”