Chelsea have identified Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele as a potential signing this summer, but it may prove to be more difficult than first anticipated. Thomas Tuchel has previously worked with the Frenchman during his time as Borussia Dortmund boss. One major stumbling block, however, is Dembele’s extortionate wage at Barcelona and subsequent salary expectations. The 25-year-old, who made the £135million move to Barca in 2017, has reportedly demanded a salary of £36.3m at Camp Nou plus £4.2m for winning the Champions League and £1.6m for every La Liga title won. His move from Dortmund was the second most expensive of all time, behind Neymar’s £200m move to Paris Saint-Germain that same year. He is set to become a free agent this summer however, after initially holding a £369m release clause. Barcelona’s contract talks with the winger suffered a major setback earlier this year after it was firstly reported the Spanish giants were interested in signing Dortmund star Erling Haaland. Most recently however, Barca boss Xavi expressed his desire to extend Dembele’s stay at the club and a proposal to extend his stay was put forward to the player, with a view to a cut in his wages. Barca president Johan Laporta recently told Catalunya Radio on Dembele’s immediate future: “He wants to stay, but he is very tempted by other options that offer better conditions. "The offer has been presented for a long time and they (Dembele's representatives) have asked us for time until the end of the season, next week.   "We already wanted an answer before, but we can't force it because Dembele ends his contract. The coach and I like him. We have made a very important effort to keep him. "I see him very comfortable. There is a good personal relationship with everyone. [Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang] has come, with him and they are very good friends. He has some representatives who control the situation, but I hope he stays. If not, we will strengthen that position." Despite enjoying his football in Germany under Tuchel, the Frenchman has failed to live up to the hype since moving to Barca, and his time there has been hampered by a number of injury problems. He is however leading the assist charts in La Liga, with 13 in 20 league appearances. Tuchel previously heaped praise on the winger, saying: “Dembele’s talent was innate. Very, very unusual. We had a lot of top players on the team but Osmane was one of the craziest talents I saw.   “He is a very good player when he is in his top level. I am very fortunate to have trained him in my time at Dortmund. It was only one year; it should have been longer.”   