The Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer appeared via video link on BBC Breakfast as she discussed the cost of living crisis and whether introducing a windfall tax is a good idea. However, as Sally Nugent grilled the MP over what the government is doing to help, BBC viewers pointed out that the host kept talking over Reeves. "I want to talk about the windfall tax that you just mentioned," Nugent began. "That is something you've been calling for, for some weeks now. "What would your reaction be? Because there are rumblings, aren't there from the Conservatives that they might consider this?" "Just get on with it," Reeves replied. "I first called for this at the beginning of the year and since then the news has got worse about the cost of living, about what's happening to wages, about the terrible sacrifices people are having to make. "Pensioners who haven't had the heating on because they can't afford it, mums who are skipping meals to ensure their children can eat." READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot "This should not be happening in Britain," the MP raged. As Reeves explained people's bills are increasing, Nugent weighed in: "You say the bills are going up and up, a windfall tax would be in place for 12 months, but people will be struggling for longer than that." She explained inflation is expected to peak later this year and they hope to take money off people's bills every year. However, as Reeves tried to continue what she was saying, Nugent interrupted: "Okay, okay... "Let's talk about this emergence budget specifically, how would you do that? How would you be taking money off their bills and where would the tax cuts come?" "The main piece of the emergence budget must be the windfall tax," Reeves hit back. "That would take up to £600 off people's bills," she proceeded to say before the host cut in again: "Okay, what about VAT?" "We've said that VAT on gas and electricity bills should have been taken from five per cent to zero. "That would take money off of everybody's gas and electricity bills." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] She went on to add that it was pensioners and people on low incomes that were suffering the most. However, Nugent interrupted again as she said: "We have just spoken about that and I am aware we haven't got much time. "What about the warm homes discount, what are you going to do about that?!" Following the segment, many unimpressed viewers took to social media to share their thoughts on the host's interview technique. "#BBCBreakfast Sally Nugent needs to stop interrupting and talking over guests," user @daddyg67 raged. Simon Dale fumed: "I really like Sally Nugent however her constantly interrupting is driving me mental. Sports reporters have absolutely no business interviewing Politicians.....it's just embarrassing to see how out of her depth she is." (sic) Jon Bell added: "Sally Nugent doesn’t let anyone speak, does she? #BBCBreakfast." "Rachel Reeve allowed to waffle on about how bad Tories are and how great Labour would be, with Sally asking what would Labour do that is different to the Tories at every opportunity?" user @PumpkinLover17 said. Jason Smith went on to say: "#BBCBreakfast - so a windfall tax would only help people for 12 months? Far better to not help them at all. Pathetic interview from Sally." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.