In recent years, wood-burning stoves have dramatically risen in popularity as more people look to warm up their homes and create an all-around cosy feeling. However, as their demand has grown so too has the level of dangerous pollutants they contribute to the atmosphere. Consequently, the Government has moved to introduce a Clean Air Strategy, which came into force at the start of this year. The Government’s new set of strict guidelines, known as Ecodesign, was enacted from January 1, 2022. They apply to all wood-burning and multi-fuel stoves and fireplaces which are now manufactured. But consumers should note any stove which was bought or manufactured before the new rules came into effect can still be sold legally. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’  These stoves are also exempt from the regulations if they were installed prior to the January 1 date. Stoves which are now produced will carry a Stove Industry Alliance (SIA) approved Ecodesign Ready Stove quality assurance. Along with ensuring your new stove is of the correct standard, residents must also check to see if they’re burning the right type of wood. Only a select few types of wood are suitable for burning and the wood must be dry.  For wood to be classed as dry, it should have a moisture content of less than 20 percent. Determining whether a piece of wood is dry can be quite difficult, so it’s advised you invest in a moisture meter. Alternatively, you can confirm your wood is ready to burn by purchasing it from a genuine supplier. Individuals who live within ‘smoke control’ areas in the UK must also be aware of rules which stipulate the type of fuel you can burn on your stoves.  DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove mould from washing machine seal [INSIGHT]An apple a day keeps ageing skin at bay - dermatologist tips [EXPLAINER]Furious expats rage at Brexit 's*** show UK [ANALYSIS] These areas only allow you to burn an authorised fuel, or use an ‘exempt appliance’. Examples of ‘smokeless’ fuels which can be used include anthracite, semi-anthracite, gas and low volatile steam coal. The Government has also issued a list of authorised fuels that ‘smoke control’ areas deem suitable, but these do vary somewhat between the different nations that make up the UK. Anyone who’s caught in breach of these rules can find themselves landed with a fine worth £1,000.  At present, wood and coal-burning stoves account for 38 percent of particulate matter air pollution, which is considered the most damaging pollutant. The Government plans to reduce this figure down to 30 percent by the end of the decade. The surge in popularity of domestic burning on stoves and open fires only helped to push the Government to act now. 