Roma booked their space in the European Conference League final after beating Leicester City 1-0 on Thursday night. The scenes after the final whistle were a sight to behold at the Stadio Olimpico, especially as manager Jose Mourinho burst into tears of joy, and he has since explained why. After a 1-1 draw in the first leg, former Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham scored the all-important goal for Roma in the 11th minute to send Mourinho’s men through. The England international rose highest from a corner and powered his header past Kasper Schmeichel. Leicester struggled to create many clear-cut openings, with Roma defending resolutely up until the full-time whistle sounded. Mourinho was then caught crying whilst celebrating the result, and he has since revealed why. He explained: “Why did I shed a tear? Because I feel what [the fans] all feel. It’s a giant club without a trophy room for the social importance of this club. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement “I know what it means to these people and my emotion was for them. I’ve been lucky enough to be in more prestigious finals but this made me feel very special. We have a sense of family. “With age, you become less selfish and more of a father or even a grandfather to some of them, I’m very happy for all of them. Rome is a red and yellow city, we’ll see the joy over the coming days. I’ve made a small contribution to that." DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him Roma will take on Feyenoord in the cup final, who secured a 3-2 victory over Ligue 1 side Marseille on aggregate. The Eredivisie outfit drew 0-0 in the second leg of the tie on Thursday and are certainly capable of rising to the occasion of the final. But Mourinho will be hoping that Roma can perform as ‘extraordinarily’ as they did in Italy. Commenting on his side’s performance, he said: “I think our performance was extraordinary. Others might see it differently, but when your goalkeeper makes two saves over 120 minutes against a Premier League side with so much attacking quality, it means we've done something good."