On Thursday the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee is widely expected to vote to raise the base rate to one percent, the highest it's been since early 2009. Since 2009 mortgage holders have got used to rock bottom rates with the base rate going as low as 0.1 percent for much of the last two years. According to analysis by credit app TotallyMoney a rise to one percent would increase the mortgage payments on an average UK property worth £270,708 by £99 a month, or £1,188 a year, for someone with a 75 percent loan to value ratio (LTV). In areas with above average property prices this has the potential to prove far more costly.  In London with the average property costing £519,934 the annual cost on a 75 percent LTV would rise by £2,292. Similarly those in the South East with an average property price of £369,093 would see annual costs rise £1,620 on the same terms. Even at lower property prices, mortgage holders still face considerable costs though. In the North East with an average price of £149,249 a 75 percent LTV mortgage would cost an extra £648 a year.  Across the UK around 850,000 properties are on tracker mortgages, which directly follow the Bank of England base rate, while 1.1 million are on standard variable rates which follow a rate set by the lender, though in reality this is often influenced by changes to the Bank of England rate. Many of those on such terms have already seen monthly repayments rise following the consecutive string of rate rises the Bank has carried out since December last year, taking the base rate from 0.1 percent to 0.75 percent. Alastair Douglas, CEO of TotallyMoney, said: “As the Bank of England increases the base rate to ease inflationary pressures, the two million homes on variable-rate and tracker mortgages will see their household finances squeezed even more. “And the situation isn’t going to get much better for those nearing the end of their current deals.  "They have a choice of facing the more expensive SVR or having to switch to a new, and more expensive fixed-rate product." Many lenders have reportedly already been withdrawing cheaper deals in the run up to Thursday's decision with the sub-one percent deals seen in recent years now largely vanished. While many mortgage holders on fixed deals have opted for longer five year deals they will likely still face a shock in the future with rates sent to continue increasing into 2023. According to consultancy Capital Economics, the base rate could reach as high as three percent next year which would see considerably higher fixed deals on offer for those hoping to re-mortgage.   DON'T MISS: Putin's ruble surges to 2-year high against euro [SPOTLIGHT] Tough times for mortgages as interest rates to rise [ANALYSIS] BP plans £18 billion investment as profits surge [LATEST] The rise in interest rates comes as households are increasingly coming under pressure from a surging cost of living with other essential monthly costs such as energy and food bills all rising. Amid the strains on disposable income financial targets such as paying off a mortgage are becoming harder for many to achieve. According to one poll by investment platform interactive investor, 15 percent of respondents reported the cost of living squeeze would prevent them paying off their mortgage while three percent said it would stop them from buying a house entirely. A further three percent also reported it would prevent them paying off credit card debt or other loans, leaving them facing higher interest rates on the debt in the meantime. 