Christine McGuiness’ diagnosis of ADHD, which has symptoms of restlessness, carelessness and poor organisation, comes just months after finding out she has autism. The star, 34, who looks after three autistic children with her husband Paddy, explained to the Daily Star how it has helped her better understand her own behaviour. "I’ve now been diagnosed with ADHD, autism and dyspraxia,” she said. "Knowledge is key. If you know the situation, you’re able to deal with it. So getting a diagnosis has really opened up my life. "It’s given me so much more opportunity to understand why I was the way I was." Mrs McGuiness admitted to being a recluse for eight years but explained how she is overcoming her issues to show her children what autistic people can do. READ MORE: Two Covid symptoms you should take 'really seriously' as new variants reported in the UK The star is set to feature in the new ITV show The Games where 12 celebrities battle it out in sporting events. In the past, Mrs McGuiness wouldn’t dare even go into a football stadium, she explained to The Mirror, but she doesn’t want the condition to “hold” her children “back”. “I wouldn’t have walked in these rooms three years ago. I wouldn’t walk into a football stadium. I love Liverpool, but I’d never go and watch them. “I’ve avoided situations. I was a recluse for eight years in my 20s,” she said. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Warning signs in your body of 'excess cholesterol' [INSIGHT]Erectile dysfunction: Sexual problem can signal life-threatening conditions [ADVICE]Omicron: Symptoms relates to 'individual's genetic profile' says expert [TIPS] In the past, Paddy, who was diagnosed with clinical depression four years ago, has opened up about how Christine and the children’s autism has had a toll on him. Paddy explained on the BBC documentary Our Family and Autism how living with autistic children and an autistic wife can be “hard”, and said it “chipped away” at him over the years. Mrs McGuiness revealed how she would avoid social events, and red carpet events, and she would even go to the shops at two in the morning to be away from people. Autism and ADHD are known to coincide. According to the charity Autistica, 28 percent of autistic children also have ADHD. Mrs McGuiness’ social awkwardness is characteristic of autism. The NHS explains that people with autism may “find it hard to make friends” or prefer to be alone. It also states that another common sign is “getting very anxious about social situations”. When it comes to ADHD, adults will be diagnosed with the condition if they have five conditions linked to hyperactivity and the same amount of symptoms linked with inattentiveness. But the NHS states how you will only receive a diagnosis if these symptoms you report have been consistent since you were a child. The signs of inattentiveness include constantly changing activity or task, appearing forgetful, having difficulty organising, as well as the following: The signs of hyperactivity, on the other hand, the NHS explains, are:  