Season nine of The Blacklist wrapped recently with two characters departing the long-running series. Among the cast members making an exit were Amir Arison as FBI agents Aram Mojtabai and Laura Sohn as Alina Park. Express.co.uk looks at why Arison bowed out of the series and what he’s up to next. Arison first joined The Blacklist back in 2013 in season one as FBI agent Aram Mojtabai and was a firm fixture on the NBC series for nearly a decade. He started off as a recurring character before getting bumped up to a regular in season two. In the season nine finale of The Blacklist, the agent announced he was taking some time away as he and his colleagues visited Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) grave. In a teary scene, Aram said he had no plan but was going to move to Brooklyn as he took some time out. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10: Will there be another series? Aram explained: "I'm gonna go up there and just you know ride my bike, do New York, eat lots of pizza, look at the people, maybe a Broadway show. “Anyway, I know we are here to talk about Elizabeth, but I’ve been wanting to tell you guys.” Arison’s departure was confirmed by US entertainment site Deadline with The Blacklist’s showrunner John Eisendrath telling the publication: “Amir has been a huge part of The Blacklist family. “He’s a great actor and an even better person. We wish him well and hope he can return to reprise the role for some very special episodes next year.” The actor said he was leaving to take on other projects, including the lead in the Broadway production of The Kite Runner, based on the critically acclaimed novel of the same name by Khaled Hosseini. He said he couldn’t turn down the opportunity to star in The Kite Runner, describing it as a “childhood dream”. Actor Arison also posted a lengthy message on Twitter as well as sharing the article on his Instagram account. In his Twitter post to his 82,000 followers, he said the writers, producers and studio had been “incredibly supportive” of his decision to leave and his character remained “alive” with the “potential for a possible return at some point”. DON'T MISS...Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series [UPDATE]Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [INSIGHT]Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? [EXPLAINER] He said: “The Blacklist has changed by life - I have made lifelong friends, learned so much along the way, and have met countless wonderful people from all over the world who support the show. “It is not lost on me how lucky I am to have been able to work and evolve with a role for nine years with this special cast, crew, and so many dedicated artists. “I can’t wait to see what season 10 has in store, I’ll be watching, and I also can’t wait to dive into The Kite Runner on Broadway.” Along with The Blacklist, Arison has also appeared in Billions, Bull, Ramy, and Girls, among other shows. Meanwhile, it’s also been reported Sohn is leaving the show. She joined The Blacklist back in season seven in 2019 as FBI agent Alina and appeared across seasons seven, eight and nine. Over the years, Alina proved her mettle with the character’s dark side brought to the fore as she took on a role working with Raymond Reddington (James Spader). She initially came into the show as a recurring character in season seven before getting promoted to a main character for series eight and nine. In season nine, Alina discovered she was pregnant after she went to see a doctor who told her this was the reason for her recent headaches. Alina then decided to go on medical leave for the moment and it’s unclear if the character will be coming back to the show. The news of her departure was reported in the same article, which also confirmed Arison’s exit from The Blacklist. According to the publication, Sohn stepped away from The Blacklist to pursue other projects but the star hasn’t spoken out publicly yet about the show. Prior to appearing in The Blacklist, Sohn appeared in small roles in Instinct, NCIS: New Orleans, and Worth. The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in America and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.