NCIS: Los Angeles has been airing on CBS and the series will be ending on a high note according to teasers. The finale is titled Come Together and it will see the team hunt for a crew that robs a Los Angeles casino. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the final episode of the series will air. The latest season of the police procedural has been airing since October 2021 and the final episode has been a long time coming. A total of 22 episodes will complete the latest season, with plans for a 14th series having already been given the green light. In the final episode, a crew puts the team through their paces with their military precision when robbing a casino. Elsewhere, Special Agent Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) and Investigator Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) hear exciting news regarding their adoption. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Also to come, Special Agent G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) takes a big step in his relationship with Anna (Bar Paly). The finale will air on May 22, at 9/8c, on CBS. Executive producer R. Scott Gemmill told TV Insider there would be a special barbecue to mark a big event. He said: "Everyone ends in a good place. It’s uplifting.” With this in mind, fans may not witness any harrowing or unexpected deaths or exits. Some first-look images have been shared and they show the team enjoying some games on the beach. Deeks and Kensi could finally celebrate the moment they have been waiting for after a long adoption process. The synopsis reads: "The NCIS team continues to search for Callen as they realize they’re being tricked by multiple deep fakes. "Kensi and Deeks hear exciting news regarding the adoption, on the conclusion of the two-part season finale." DON'T MISS... 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out [INTERVIEW] NCIS exit: Why did Sarah Jane Morris leave NCIS as Agent EJ Barrett? [EXPLAINER] NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [INSIGHT] The upcoming season 14 has already left fans feeling excited as it will welcome back an iconic character. It was previously revealed Linda Hunt would be reprising her role as Hetty Lange for the new episodes. The fan-favourite character had been on a secret mission in Syria and Gemmill explained how she will return. He told Parade: "We’ve pitted her a little bit against Callen in terms of what he went through as a child, so that’s something we’re very eager to explore and have fun with. "We saw a little bit of that confrontation earlier this year, but before they could really have it out, she disappeared again. "That’ll be [the] focus for us in season 14 when we come back.” Production on the next season gets started in July in time for a September premiere. Callen is not going to get closure on what happened with Hetty in the season 13 finale after she confirmed the CIA did use the foster system to identify children who could be good spies as adults.  The NCIS: LA season 13 finale will air on May 22 on CBS