The Prime Minister understands that readers of this newspaper are proud of their hard-won right to vote and that we share his patriotic ambition for prosperity to reach all communities in this country. Mr Johnson also understands that parts of the country that rejected Labour in 2019 and elected a Conservative MP want to see their high streets revived and are tired of crime, inefficient public services and litter that corrodes quality of life. In recent years Britain has been rocked by debates about EU membership, a global pandemic and the challenge of responding to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. But tomorrow's election is an opportunity to think about vital local issues: Which party has the best plan to get your rubbish collected while keeping your council tax down? Tomorrow's elections should not be seen as a referendum on Mr Johnson's leadership - it would be a mistake to try to link the results to his future in Westminster - but are an opportunity for citizens to make sure their communities are run to the very highest standards. ------------------------------ Britain is on track to become the fattest country in Europe. Nearly two-thirds of UK adults are overweight and nearly three in 10 are obese. Obesity is linked to horrible medical problems and hikes up the pressure on an already overstretched NHS. As more people work from home and guzzle takeaways that can be ordered with the press of a button on a smartphone, there is every reason to worry the situation will get worse. It is especially important that children and young people do not develop eating habits that will hurt their health. We may need a dedicated minister and a nationwide campaign, and retailers have a critical role to play. All of us should cheer on everyone who is determined to embrace a healthier and happier future. ------------------------------ The whole country will feel both sympathy and admiration for the family of football legend Denis Law as he confronts dementia and Alzheimer's disease. His daughter's description of how her mischief-loving dad has teased friends by pretending to forget things he had no trouble remembering is a powerful reminder that people with these conditions remain a cherished presence in the lives of loved ones. His humour still delights others and he has brought comfort and courage to others by choosing to go public.