The warning was sent to all dog owners this summer after a puppy died following a walk. Roo the Cocker Spaniel sadly died shortly after a recent walk at Anton Lakes in Hampshire. The little puppy came into contact with a substance which is deadly to dogs. The little dog may have come into contact with blue-green algae growing on a body of water.  Now the local council has advised dog walkers to keep their pets out of the water in the area. Blue-green algae is found in freshwater like lakes, ponds, canals, rivers and reservoirs. The bacteria produce toxic chemicals that are very harmful to the health of people and animals. Owner Hannah May Washington told WiltshireLive sounded the alarm about the dangerous algae in the water after the death of their puppy. READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo   She said: "We have taken Roo to the lakes many times before. "But not so much recently, and did notice that a lot of the areas he would usually swim, was incredibly dirty. "The areas were much dirtier than normal, so we didn't spend so much time swimming in those areas. "However he did jump in briefly for a lot of them." DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [INSTAGRAM] Naga Munchetty sparks concern after BBC Breakfast absence [TV]Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT]  Anton Lakes is a popular dog walking spot situated just north of Andover. The scenic area has a river and lake within its nature reserve. Towards the end of the walk with little Roo, the dog owner noticed the puppy's eyes became a little droopy. Regarding blue-green algae, the UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology (UKCEH) said: "They are particularly a health risk during warm summer months when their concentrations increase in the water to form blooms and scums on the surface. "This can look like green or turquoise wispy paint, green scum or clumps of green particles." The dog owner added: "We figured he had gotten too much water in his eyes so we decided to end the walk and return to the car." Roo was extremely agitated when he was taken home and struggled to stand up so he was rushed to Strathmore Veterinary Clinic. She added: "While in my arms, Roo began to have fits, struggling to breathe, foaming at the mouth. It was the worst experience of my life having to hold him, speaking to him, telling him mummy and daddy loved him." 