The Prime Minister was told he will not be issued any further fixed-penalty notices over Downing Street gatherings during the UK’s coronavirus lockdowns. The Metropolitan Police said they issued a total of 126 notices, for all 12 “parties” in Downing Street. While Mr Johnson was issued one fixed-penalty notice in April, Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu, British Nigerian activist and political commentator, said the Prime Minister “got away with it”. She said on Twitter: “Boris Johnson won't receive any more Partygate fines. “His egregious acts have been reduced to a birthday cake. The collusion with Met Police is complete. “The UK's institutional corruption is self-evident. Its Govt & Police have just dealt the British people a resounding slap.” She also said bluntly in another tweet: “Boris Johnson has got away with it.” The Met Police issued notices to 53 men and 73 women over Covid lockdown breaches in Downing Street and Whitehall. Helen Ball, acting deputy commissioner of the Met Police, said of the investigation: “A number of people, members of the public, have been both surprised and concerned at what they have heard. “And I'm sure they will be surprised and concerned about the outcome of our investigation.” She also said: “When Covid regulations were introduced, the Met was clear that whilst we would not routinely investigate breaches of regulations retrospectively, there may be occasions when it would be appropriate to do so. “The information that we received with regard to the alleged breaches in Downing Street and Whitehall was sufficient to reach our criteria to begin such an investigation. “Our investigation was thorough and impartial and was completed as quickly as we could, given the amount of information that needed to be reviewed and the importance of ensuring that we had strong evidence for each FPN referral.” READ MORE: When will the Sue Gray report be released? Mr Johnson’s official spokesman also said of the Met issuing no further notices to the Prime Minister: “He's pleased the investigation's concluded but at no point has it distracted him from the important issues facing the country.” Policing minister Kit Malthouse also told reporters: “The Prime Minister's obviously apologised for the birthday cake incident. “I hope now that we can move on to really deal with some of the big issues facing the country." DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes set for 'very, very isolated' anniversary Brexit POLL: Should Britain be scared of a trade war with EU? Prince Harry savaged over 'appalling' disrespect shown to Queen Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said however the investigation had shown “industrial scale law breaking in Downing Street... that reflects a culture and the prime minister sets the culture”. He said in Leeds: “(More than) 120 fines in Downing Street for law-breaking when the Prime Minister said all laws were followed. “That’s a culture that the Prime Minister has responsibility for … My view of the Prime Minister hasn’t changed. “Of course, after an investigation that shows 120 plus breaches of the law in Downing Street, of course he should resign, he’s responsible for the culture.”