Kate Middleton and Prince William stepped out looking the part for tonight’s Top Gun: Maverick premiere. When walking on the red carpet, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met with the movie’s most iconic filmstar - Tom Cruise, and as they approached the stairs, it was the Hollywood A-lister who assisted Kate, rather than her husband. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert, Judi James about this interaction. Tom was pictured holding out his hand for Kate, who accepted and climbed the stairs. Prince William, on the other hand, who was on Kate’s right side, noticed and watched on. Judi said: “Both Kate and William looked more than a little star-struck when they met Tom Cruise at the Top Gun premiere. “William wore velvet shoes with small planes embroidered on them as an homage. READ MORE: Princess Anne makes first royal visit to York since it ditched Andrew “But it was Kate who turned the full dazzle of her smiling attention onto Cruise, looking more like his A-list co-star than a royal as she walked along the red carpet in a stunning monochrome sheath dress. “Of course the dress created restricted movement and it was rather telling that it was Cruise’s hand Kate held as she walked up the short flight of stairs rather than her husband’s. “The very gallant, gentlemanlike clasp seems to have lasted a few moments, too,” she suggested. “William’s pose changes about three times while it continues. DON'T MISS...Tesco makes major change on offers available in store - full details [NEWS]Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [ROYAL CHEF]Queen Letizia wears £2,304 earrings from Emir of Qatar to Gala Dinner [PICTURES] “His response of sucked-in lips and one hand reaching for his bow tie in a rather bashful barrier gesture suggests he realises there are times when a man has to back down and bite the bullet and when the iconic star of an iconic movie is using his charm on your wife, that is one of those moments,” the body language expert claimed. “His father [Prince] Charles had a similar moment many years ago when John Travolta whisked [Princess] Diana off her feet on the dancefloor while he watched on. “And Kate’s animated chatting and the sparkling smile she keeps throwing at Cruise suggests she is every bit as in awe of him as Diana seemed to have been with Travolta,” Judi added. Royal fans spotted this moment and commented on social media. Barbara said: “Wow William and Kate and I love Tom Cruise's chivalry too.” Jackie opined: “I love the way that William pushes Kate forward in front of him (future King) to meet Tom Cruise.  That's equality at the heart of the monarchy.” A third tweet read: “My heart literally can’t take it.  I don’t know which has me more obsessed…Tom Cruise’s chivalry or Prince William’s shoes (Stubbs & Wootton?)” Tracey said: “Like or loath Tom Cruise, he has always had impeccable manners, & chivalry.” Tom then introduced the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to the other members of the Maverick cast. The royals briefly spoke with the actors about their new film, before heading inside to watch it.