The news comes following yet another successful testing of an intercontinental ballistic missile by Pyongyang just hours after US President Joe Biden flew back to Washington from the region. Security Council members will vote on a resolution in New York this afternoon in a resolution brought forward by the US to place further restrictions on Kim Jong-un’s nuclear ambitions.  Permanent UNSC members enjoy the right to veto any resolution proposed, meaning China and potentially Russian could side with the pariah state. Speaking before the planned vote, a statement released by China’s mission to the UN said: “We don’t think a resolution as proposed by the US can solve any problems.” Beijing also informed Washington it should show “more sincerity and flexibility” when dealing with North Korea. Pyongyang fired three missiles yesterday in a defiant move breaching UN sanctions against the state. One of the missiles is also thought to be capable of carrying nuclear warheads and reaching the United States.  Part of the sanctions will directly target heavy chain smoker Kim Jong-un by banning the import of foreign tobacco products. Furthermore, punitive measures will be imposed on North Korea’s short-range missile programme, cruise missiles and ICBM’s as well as “any other delivery system capable of delivering nuclear weapons.” A hit is also being proposed on North Korean imports of crude oil, aiming to reduce the allowed quote to be reduced from 4million barrels per year to 3million. Refined petrol will also be reduced from 500,000 barrels a year to 375,000. In terms of exports, North Korea will be banned from exporting minerals, fuels and other mineral products. The assets of the Lazarus Group, a North Korean hacking syndicate said by the US to be controlled by North Korean intelligence, would also be frozen.  READ MORE:North Korea launch three missiles, including ICBM Ned Price, the US state department spokesman, said: “We know that the DPRK’s [Democratic People’s Republic of Korea] ongoing provocations pose a threat to the region, pose a threat to all of us. “And it’s incumbent on the international community to join us in condemning the DPRK’s flagrant and repeated violations of these multiple UN security council resolutions.” Sanctions on the state would come at a bad time for Kim. The first officially declared cases of COVID-19 have been declared in the state, which has refused to accept international aid to deliver a vaccination programme. Advice circulating in North Korea has told citizens to drink hot tea and gargle saltwater to combat the virus.  DON'T MISS:Horror as Russian soldiers' bodies left to ROT near Kyiv [REVEAL]Putin's daughter gets luxury 'vampire facelifts' [REPORT]British tourist suffers cardiac arrest swimming in Spain [INSIGHT] In early 2020, the country sealed its borders to try to insulate itself from the pandemic. According to reports, 1,000 tonnes of salt had been sent to Pyongyang to make solutions ready for distribution to citizens suffering some symptoms the state calls a “fever”. Experts believe cases of the virus surged during a recent military parade in Pyongyang attended by 10’s thousands of people in a “super-spreader” event.  North Korea has been subjected to U.N. sanctions since 2006, which the Security Council has steadily - and unanimously - stepped up over the years to cut off funding for Pyongyang's nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs. For the new resolution to pass, the proposal must pass "yes" votes and no vetoes by Russia, China, France, Britain or the United States. Russia's UN Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told Reuters earlier on Wednesday that he would wait to see the final US draft text before commenting, but that he didn't believe UN action would be "very conducive" to engagement with North Korea. 