West Ham striker Michail Antonio has warned Manchester United that they could be heading for a season in the Europa Conference League. United currently hold sixth place in the Premier League, which would qualify them for the Europa League, but Antonio thinks the seventh-placed Hammers can overtake them before the season finishes on May 22.    United have hit rock bottom following their 4-0 thrashing by Brighton on Saturday. The humiliating loss means Ralf Rangnick’s side have taken just 58 points from 37 games and are guaranteed to eclipse 2013/14 as the club’s worst ever Premier League campaign. Rangnick’s side don’t play again until a final day visit to Crystal Palace, but West Ham, who are three points adrift in seventh, have two fixtures left to play. David Moyes, who coincidentally was responsible for United’s previous worst Premier League campaign eight years ago, will lead his side in games against Manchester City and Brighton. Having conceded 10 fewer goals than their rivals, the Hammers have a much superior goal difference. That means they would take sixth place and the Europa League place if they won both games, regardless of United’s result against Palace on the final day.  JUST IN: Liverpool 'tracking' prolific Benfica wonderkid but face two hurdles "We believe we can pip Manchester United to sixth. We believe we can do it,” Antonio said. “As much as we’ve had a lot of football this year, we’ve had a lot of fights and in terms of getting into the Europa League next year it’s not over.” West Ham bounced back from their Europa League semi-final disappointment against Eintracht Frankfurt with a thumping 4-0 win at Championship-bound Norwich City on Sunday. Antonio netted his first Premier League goal since January 1, with Said Benrahma netting twice and Manuel Lanzini scoring from the penalty spot.  DON'T MISS Man Utd planning ‘big restructure’ for Ten Hag era with Arnold unhappy Rene Meulensteen lets rip at Man Utd players ahead of potential return Man Utd's Pogba chased by three clubs as Man City informed of snub The Hammers had been winless in their previous four Premier League matches, with the Europa League semi-final understandably taking priority. Now that dream is gone, West Ham defender Vladimir Coufal is confident they can pip United to qualify for the competition once again. "It's our main goal to secure European football for next season,” he said. "Europa League would be better than Conference League but it doesn't matter because we want to play European football next season. It was disappointing for us to lose to Frankfurt but we are experienced enough to accept it, move on from it." 