Members of Nicola Sturgeon’s cabinet are reportedly considering preparations to minimise disruption of essential supplies first drawn up three years ago. A spokesperson for the devolved Government said it was “deeply concerned about threats to unilaterally override the Northern Ireland Protocol”.  Earlier this month, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss set out proposed legislation the Government could use to move to suspend parts of the Protocol it deems prohibitive to cross-border trade and the Good Friday Agreement. The UK Government last year extended the grace period before the deal came into effect indefinitely owing to concerns over delays of goods crossing the Irish Sea into Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK. Ms Truss told the House of Commons though the Government preferred a negotiated solution any unilateral action would not suspend the whole agreement. However, she pledged the new bill would “ensure that goods moving and staying within the UK are freed of unnecessary bureaucracy through our new ‘green channel’” while “goods destined for the EU undergo the full checks and controls applied under EU law”.  READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon tests positive for Covid hours after Brexit talks Reacting to the announcement, Maros Sefcovic, the EU’s negotiator, said if the UK acted unilaterally, the bloc “will need to respond with all measures at its disposal”. EU chiefs have hinted that the other post-Brexit accords between the UK and the EU – the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and the Withdrawal Agreement – could come under threat were the Protocol to be disregarded. Amid this row, there are concerns that businesses recovering from the coronavirus pandemic, as well as the inflationary pressures and supply issues it had sparked, could be hit further by a potential trade war. In Scotland, there are concerns that Brussels could impose tariffs on British seafood and agricultural products – which make up a large part of the economy. According to Scottish Government statistics, in 2019 Scottish exports to the EU accounted for £16.4billion – around 47 percent of its international exports. Food products and beverages accounted for the largest proportion of Scotland’s income from abroad, with £6.6billion worth of goods sent overseas. Scottish ministers are already said to be in regular talks with members of the nation’s food and drinks industry over the situation. Sector chiefs are also reportedly in discussions with the UK Government and the EU. Today (Sunday), a spokesperson for the Scottish Government told the Scottish Herald ministers were revisiting contingency plans in case of a trade war. DON'T MISSRussian ambassador claims war crime evidence is 'computer game' [INTERVIEW]Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin humiliated as Russians help Ukrainians flee [BLOG]Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [VIDEO]  They said it was “deeply concerned about threats to unilaterally override the Northern Ireland Protocol” and worried such a move “could spark a disastrous trade war in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis”. The spokesperson added: “We will continue to call for a negotiated solution and as a responsible Government are preparing contingency plans arrangements – including the consideration of previous no deal preparations that were in place during the negotiations for the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement.” A source inside the Government told the regional paper the situation was being regarded “as fluid”. The Food and Drink Federation Scotland urged the UK Government and the EU “to redouble their efforts to find a mutually acceptable solution to moving goods in and out of Northern Ireland”.  David Thomson, the group’s chief executive, said the Protocol had brought “increased complexity” for businesses supplying food and drink within the UK. Meanwhile, David Lonsdale, Scottish Retail Consortium director, said “most retailers have well-developed contingency plans in place to deal with any potential disruptions so that shoppers have access to the products they want.” Under the current terms of the Protocol, even goods destined for Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK are subject to EU checks. Unionists in Northern Ireland have argued the deal effectively undermines Northern Ireland’s place in the UK, despite aiming to prevent border checks between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The UK Government is proposing that British goods destined for Northern Ireland would only have to meet British standards, while those going to the EU would go in a separate supply lane and be subject to EU checks. It also wants to bring control of taxation and spending in Northern Ireland back entirely into the UK’s hands. 