  Madonna, 63, was present at Dave Chappelle’s comedy set at the Hollywood Bowl on Tuesday when a man came up onto the stage to attack the comedian. While Dave, 48, was unharmed, it was revealed that the attacker had been armed with a knife.   Madonna took to Instagram to share her thoughts on the terrifying incident with her 18 million followers. In the caption, she told fans that she had found the whole night “disturbing”. She wrote: “Last Night was strange… And disturbing for so many reasons! “The world is upside down,” she added to the snap of her sitting backstage.      The star shared a picture of herself posing close to the camera with a card in her mouth. This red card was an all-access pass to the show and was labelled “Team Chappelle”. Madonna rocked a black Balenciaga sweatshirt in the snaps, with the brand name spelled out in different colours. She wore her hair in tight braids and accessorised with silver chain necklaces and some crucifix earrings.     In the comments section, Madonna’s fans shared their thoughts on the shocking incident. Italian actress Asia Argento commented: “Dave Chappelle is king and my #2 crush forever (#1 being you).” MandomCompanyX added: “Me too… I read about it today… Wasn’t sure if it was real or not…” Janet Flores penned: “No one should be attacked for being a comedian and funny.”      While Funastynate wrote: “How do you, as a champion of the less represented, feel about his continued roasting of the trans community?” Lewis also commented: “Do Chappelle’s recent jokes about trans people not bother you? As a lifelong advocate of the LGBT community?” These comments are in reference to a dispute that arose following Dave’s Netflix show, where the comedian faced backlash for the comments he made about the transgender community. In October, LGBTQ advocates implored Netflix to remove Dave’s latest special, The Closer, from their catalog because it reportedly featured incendiary jokes about transgender women. There has been no indication provided that this is the reason for the attack on Dave.      On Tuesday, clips on social media showed Dave being tackled on stage during the Netflix Is A Joke Festival. While Dave was unharmed, the man responsible has since been arrested, charged with assault and taken to hospital for medical treatment. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said: “The suspect pointed a replica handgun that contained a knife blade at Chappelle.” She stated: “A famous comedian was performing at the Hollywood Bowl and when he finished his act a male jumped on to the stage and tackled the celebrity. “The suspect produced a replica handgun and pointed the item at the victim. He was taken into custody and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.” The LAPD has identified the suspect as 23-year-old Isaiah Lee.   