Joe, 49, and Jess Thwaite, 44, awoke on May 11 to realise they had become multi-millionaires overnight. The couple reportedly celebrated with a ‘£16.95’ meal of steak and chips at their local Miller and Carter in Gloucester. The couple are said to have given a toast to Ms Thwaite’s’ late father who always said “imagine if you won the lottery” and, according to a family source speaking to The Sun, were so happy that they “left a sizeable tip”. Ms Thwaite said: “My dad played The National Lottery all his life and constantly dreamed of winning. He would always ask us what we’d do when we won, how we’d spend it, who we’d treat. “It was a regular conversation and I feel like he was preparing us. Maybe that is why I seem so chilled, as I’ve kind of been ready to win for years.” The couple's first purchase as multi millionaires was bedroom furniture.  Ms Thwaite said: “To tell the truth, we bought bedroom furniture. We bought a chest of drawers and a wardrobe. Other than that we haven’t done anything.” In the morning on May 11, after feeding his dogs Joe Thwaite checked his phone and realised he had an email saying that he had won. At first, he didn’t believe it and didn’t even wake his wife. He said: “I looked it up and saw we’d won. I saw how much and I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t go back to sleep, I didn’t want to wake Jess up so I just laid there for what seemed like forever.” He first thought the win was in thousands, and was understandably excited. He then realised how much money they had actually won. When Ms Thwaite awoke, she struggled to believe what her husband was saying, she got up and made coffee and began her daily routine.  READ MORE: Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' It was only after a call to the National Lottery Office they realised they had become Britain's biggest ever winners in the Euromillions. Mr Thwaite said he normally buys tickets when it's a “good amount”, he joked that “generally my luck is pretty terrible”. The couple decided to go public with their win so they wouldn’t have to keep a secret from their family and friends. Ms Thwaite said: “I don’t want to lie to family and friends, I want to enjoy it with them. Maybe, naively, I thought we could tell a few people and it would be fine. “But the list gets longer and soon you realise it would be a burden asking them to keep it quiet. Telling people makes it easier.” The couple plans to shower family and friends with various treats and also have some plans of their own. DON'T MISS:Putin destroyed over 'humiliation' of Russia's military machine [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: Ireland labelled 'collateral damage' by Russia [LIVE]Boris shames Labour as 'semi-repentant Corbynite loons' [INSIGHT]   Mr Thwaite wants to see Gloucester or England rugby live with his children and wants to go on a holiday “somewhere sunny”. Ms Thwaite agreed with him. She said: “Our 2 children have always talked about going to Hawaii. I’ve no idea why, but we can now make that dream come true. Just to see their faces when we can make these things come true will be worth every penny.” The couple have two children together while Mr Thwaite has two children in university from a previous marriage. The couple recently moved their family to a house in the countryside and share the property with three dogs, five chickens, two geckos and three ponies, two of which are on loan. Ms Thwaite said: “I always wanted the children to be able to get up in their pyjamas, put wellies on and go out and feed the ponies and they can do that here. “The fact the roof leaks and the house needs renovating was OK as it was the life we dreamed of for our family.” 