Russia has failed to make any significant advances in Ukraine since Vladimir Putin launched his "special military operation" on February 24, 2022. Putin places his nuclear arsenal on high alert within days of invading, sparking fears he could resort to deploying his nuclear capabilities on Ukraine and NATO countries. Security expert Philip Ingram warned Moscow could ultimately deploy nuclear weapons in order to gain back the "initiative" troops appear to have lost over the past 67 days. Speaking to GB News, he said: "But the most important question is, is there the potential for this to escalate? "Well, we've got a nuclear power facing against three other nuclear powers, facing up against NATO. "We've got a nuclear power who has illegally invaded another sovereign country and has actually physically threatened the use of nuclear weapons. "You can't sit back and ignore that fact, and you have to look at things and start to be prepared to deal with it." JUST IN: Horror footage shows moment Chechen commander killed while boasting about victories He added: "I personally can see scenarios where Putin would get to a point where he potentially considers the use of a small tactical nuclear device, something that would allow him to wrestle the initiative back. "He's lost the initiative so far in everything that he's done, and that's dangerous." Russia's defence ministry said it had struck at weapons supplied to Ukraine by the United States and European countries and destroyed a runway at a military airfield near the Ukrainian city of Odesa. The ministry said it used high-precision Onyx missiles to strike the airfield, after Ukraine accused Russia of knocking out a newly-constructed runway at the main airport of Odesa. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as soldiers mutiny and turn guns on Chechens Odesa regional governor Maksym Marchenko said Russia had used a Bastion missile, launched from Crimea. Russia's defence ministry also said its air defence systems had shot down two Ukrainian Su-24m bombers over the Kharkiv region overnight. Putin has repeatedly cautioned that Moscow will respond in kind, though thus far the Kremlin's toughest economic response has been to cut off gas supplies to Poland and Bulgaria and demand a new payment scheme for European buyers of gas. DON'T MISSThe War in Sumy – from the eyes of a Territorial Defense volunteer  [REVEAL]Putin poised to declare 'all-out war' on Ukraine after Kyiv blitz fail [NEWS]Putin on brink as Russian army 'may not survive in Donbas' [SPOTLIGHT] After the West imposed sanctions on Russia, the $1.8 trillion economy is heading for the biggest contraction since the years following the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union amid soaring inflation. A significant transfer of assets has begun, as the Russian state gains even more influence over the economy, many major Western investors - such as energy giants BP and Shell - exit, and oligarchs try to restructure their business empires. As so many Western owners either sold their Russian stakes or shuttered their businesses, it was not immediately clear which specific assets in Russia could be under threat. Moscow has proposed putting companies that have left Russia into external administration, and Kremlin chief Putin has said Russia will now look eastwards to China and other countries after what he casts as the West's perfidy.