Valerie, who retired early in 2018, told one of the show’s presenters, Gloria Hunniford, how she was shocked when she noticed £20,000 missing from her retirement savings last year.   The retiree soon realised that Aviva had taken £20,000 from her retirement savings by mistake. Valerie contacted Aviva who she says took six months to get back to her. Valerie said: “I was flabbergasted. “I thought they’d just made a mistake and they would correct it but it turns out that that was not the case.” Rip Off Britain presenter Gloria Hunniford said: "That is appalling isn't it." She added: "That is a shocker, isn't it." READ MORE: 'I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips Consumer Rights Expert Martyn James said mistakes like these can have a huge impact on their victims. “This is a real concert to me ‘cause we’re not just dealing with one error - the taking out of the £20,000. “We’re dealing with the impact of the error. “Valerie’s been told she’s got a certain amount of money to spend and has been living to that.” He added: “The firm now need to address the consequences of that as well as the error itself. “Mistakes happen but this really is unacceptable.” Aviva said the mistake was made when the company changed platforms and it has since offered Valerie compensation. It is now waiting for the Ombudsman’s decision which it will abide by.   A spokesperson for Aviva told Express.co.uk: “We apologise for the errors made in relation to Valerie Nute’s pension. “We did not resolve these as quickly as we should have done, and for that we are sorry. “We have thoroughly investigated this to resolve the issues and offered Mrs Nute compensation for the difficulties she experienced. “Mrs Nute referred her complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS), which is an independent body." A spokesperson for Aviva told Express.co.uk: “We apologise for the errors made in relation to Valerie Nute’s pension. “We did not resolve these as quickly as we should have done, and for that we are sorry. “We have thoroughly investigated this to resolve the issues and offered Mrs Nute compensation for the difficulties she experienced. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Their initial findings support the action we have taken. “We are awaiting the final decision from the FOS, and we will abide by their findings." “We are awaiting the final decision from the FOS, and we will abide by their findings." Elsewhere during Rip Off Britain today, a man recalled his shock at learning his energy bill had hit more than £15,000 due to an error. Rip Off Britain continues tomorrow at 9.15am on BBC One. 