 At a hearing at Wycombe Magistrates' Court earlier this month, the court heard how Mark Boycott, aged 47, broke a 50mph temporary speed restriction. The man from Slough was travelling in his Vauxhall westbound on the M4 motorway near Maidenhead.  He was caught on camera breaking the speed limit on November 12, 2020. At the court hearing, Boycott was found guilty of speeding via a single justice procedure. The magistrate opted to fine the driver £169 and ordered him to pay £124 in court costs. Mr Boycott also received three points on his driving licence. READ MORE: Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban  He was due to receive a driving ban after accumulating at least 12 points in the last three years. However, the magistrate decided against a “totting up” disqualification. A driving ban would have had an impact on the defendant's employment and on the people he supports, according to Bucks Free Press. There is no minimum speed limit on UK motorways, but police can pull drivers over if they are driving too slowly. DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT]  Motorists will most likely be given a verbal warning, but if the driving is deemed dangerous you could be prosecuted for dangerous driving. Going slowly forces other drivers to adapt to that speed. If this is the case, it can encourage drivers to overtake, which heightens the risk of a collision. Equally, driving too slowly on the centre lane on a multi-lane motorway can impact traffic in all lanes.  Motorists will need to continually brake and speed up continuously, thus increasing the risk of an accident. A slower driver may also result in other drivers around them becoming frustrated and even begin tailgating the slower driver. Tailgating is classified in the UK as dangerous driving, which can result in a £100 fine. If an accident is caused by careless driving, the motorist responsible may face a ban or be prosecuted, according to Startrescue.  New research has found that speeding in a 20mph zone was the most common area to be caught for speeding. Residential areas with a speed limit of 30mph are only two confirmed cases away from being the most common area to pick up a speeding ticket. In January 2022, 480 speeding tickets were handed out in a 20mph zone, with 478 in a  30mph residential zone, followed by 464 fines given in 50mph zones. The data, from Keith Michaels, forecast that more than almost 25,000 speeding tickets would be dished out in zones between 20moh and 50 mph before the end of the year.