A new coastal missile system is reportedly being developed for its Tsirkon hypersonic cruise missile. A source close to the Russian Defence Ministry reportedly told Russian news agency TASS: "The Reutov NPO Mashinostroeniya is developing the latest coastal missile system for the Zirkon (Tsirkon) hypersonic missile.” NPO Mashinostroeniya is a rocket design bureau based in Reutov, Russia, which developed several major weapons systems during the Cold War.  The source added: “It is assumed that it can enter service with the Navy before the end of 2022." According to another source, a new complex with the Tsirkon missile will be able to hit both surface and ground targets. The Tsirkon has a reported range of between 500-1,000km and top speed of Mach 9. Alex Lord, Eurasia analyst at intelligence firm Sybilline, told Express.co.uk that the weapon “can strike targets both at sea and on land, it is primarily conceived as an anti-ship missile, likely designed to target aircraft carrier groups”. He added: “The missile system still remains in testing and it is unclear when they will be deployed by the Russian Navy.” Mr Lord said this is just one of six “superweapons” that the Kremlin could unleash to break the deadlock in Ukraine. He said: “Russia's conventional forces continue to experience significant setbacks in Ukraine; setbacks and failures that have largely eroded Russia's reputation as an unassailable conventional opponent. “As such, the Kremlin will likely lean all the more heavily on Russia's strategic deterrence capabilities if the military situation deteriorates further.” This comes as Russia continues to send various horror nuclear warnings to the West. This week, Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu alleged during a meeting with defence ministers from the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO) that there is a "real threat of Ukraine creating a nuclear weapon". READ MORE: End of the world: Musk sends doomsday warning over 'biggest threat ... He added that "NATO has turned Ukraine into a state hostile to Russia, making it an instrument of pressure on Moscow". Hamish De Bretton-Gordon, a weapons expert from Cambridge University, told Express.co.uk that this claim was a “false flag nonsense that Russia could use to justify using their own CBRN”. The Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure defines CBRN as “the abbreviation commonly used to describe the malicious use of Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear materials or weapons with the intention to cause significant harm or disruption”. Another “superweapon”, the Sarmat, dubbed Satan 2 by NATO, was unveiled “successfully” in a test launch last month. The intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) can carry up to 10 warheads and whiz through the air at alarming speeds to strike targets in the US and Europe. DON'T MISS NASA warns underwater volcano full of SHARKS has erupted [REVEAL] Ukraine: ESA astronaut details how he watched the Ukraine war from spa [REPORT] Energy crisis: Three million homes face eye-watering £7,646 bill [INSIGHT] Putin has also put his nuclear forces on “combat alert”. And his associates have warned that this could be more than an empty threat. Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of Russia Dmitry Medvedev said NATO’s support for Ukraine could risk a “full-blown nuclear war”. He said: "First, the pumping of Ukraine by NATO countries with weapons, the training of its troops to use Western equipment, the dispatch of mercenaries, and the conduct of exercises by the countries of the Alliance near our borders increase the likelihood of a direct and open conflict between NATO and Russia instead of their 'war by proxy'. “Second, such a conflict always has the risk of turning into a full-fledged nuclear war. “Third, this will be a catastrophic scenario for everyone."