Manchester United star Nemanja Matic has opened up on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Michael Carrick and Kieran McKenna ahead of his imminent Old Trafford exit. The Serbia international is due to leave the club at the end of the campaign. And he’s now delved into his five-year stint with the Red Devils. United sacked Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. And McKenna and Carrick then departed shortly afterwards, with neither hanging around to work with Ralf Rangnick. Matic has now opened up on the trio during an interview with United’s official website and praised them, insisting they will always have his respect He said: “Yeah, I always try to learn things from them. They have experience. “From every manager I had, I learned a lot. Also with Ole, me and Ole had a moment in this picture. “He’s a fantastic person, he was my manager but I can say now that he’s my friend. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “I learned a lot from him. It was a good experience to be with him and he was a legend at this club. “He will be forever. I had a great time with him.” On Carrick and McKenna, he then added: “Yeah, of course. The people that were working with Ole – Kieran [McKenna], Michael [Carrick]… I don’t want to forget anyone but they were all fantastic people. “They did a great job. They tried to do their best. “Kieran and Michael, they are young and they will still show their qualities in that coaching job. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “It was a great experience to train with them. With Michael, I had the opportunity also to play. “He’s a fantastic person and yeah, it’s all good memories.” Matic also praised Cristiano Ronaldo, insisting he’ll always treasure being able to share a dressing room with one of the giants of the game. “Yeah, he’s a fantastic player. He’s an example to everyone, an example to young guys,” he added. “It’s very important for them to see how he behaves every day and how he approaches the games and the training sessions. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He’s a winner. He’s a great character and a very nice man outside of the pitch. “I’m very pleased I had the opportunity to share the dressing room with him.” Matic has insisted he’ll miss everybody associated with United, from the players to the kit man. “I will miss players but not only players, also the staff around the players: the kit man, the physios, the doctors,” he said. “Everyone. I don’t want to forget someone. “But, to be honest, United has some fantastic people that are working for the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They are behind the cameras but they are very important for the team. They really like the club and that’s good. “I’m really happy that I had the opportunity to work with them and, for sure, they will be my friends forever.” Now, a reunion for Matic with Jose Mourinho at Roma could await. The duo have previously worked together at both United and Chelsea, with the pair close off the field. And Matic has now admitted he’ll decide his future in June amid links to Juventus as well. “I haven’t decided yet,” he stated. “Let’s finish the season and in June probably I will decide my future. But nothing is decided yet.”