Arsenal's 5-1 victory over Everton counted for nothing as fierce rivals Tottenham Hotspur blew Norwich City away 5-0 to secure a place in next season's Champions League. Mikel Arteta's side needed to beat Frank Lampard's side and hope the Canaries were able to stun Antonio Conte's men at Carrow Road. The afternoon started in turgid fashion for Arteta as news secreted through to the Emirates Stadium that Dejan Kulusevski had given Tottenham the lead. But the picture in front of Arteta was of a very positive fashion as Gabriel Martinelli's smooth penalty, coupled with Eddie Nketiah's instinctive close range finish put the Gunners into a very comfortable position. Unfortunately, the atmosphere was soon sapped again as Harry Kane doubled Spurs' advantage to all but wrap up a place in the Champions League. Son then added a brace in the second half, before Kulusevski added another. News of Tottenham's success appeared to overflow into Arsenal's performance as Donny van de Beek, a first-half substitute after Abdolauye Doucoure was ruthlessly hauled off after only 34 minutes, made a late run into the box to tap home Dominic Calvert-Lewin's wonderful cut back on the stroke of half-time. Fortunately for Arteta, a completely different Arsenal, and a significantly weaker Everton, emerged from the half-time tunnel, enabling Cedric Soares to add a smashing finish to a clever training ground routine, before Gabriel Magalhaes and Martin Odegaard also got themselves on the scoresheet - here are six things we learned as Tottenham pipped the Gunners to fourth position. READ MORE: Arsenal facing battle for Chelsea star Broja as duo join transfer race Martinelli from the spot Gabriel Martinelli has enjoyed an impressive Premier League campaign for the Gunners. He has been a lightning, clinical presence on the left hand side of Arteta’s frontline, contributing six goals and five assists in the Premier League. But while most of his attacking contributions normally result from a pass in behind the opposition defence, Martinelli found himself in an unusual position for the Gunners. After Arsenal were given a penalty in the first half, Martinelli surprised everybody in the Emirates Stadium by picking up the ball and taking the spotkick himself. Bukayo Saka had taken the last few spot-kicks for the Gunners, but the Brazilian was given the nod from Arteta, despite the England international starting the contest. Not that it made any difference, as Martinelli cooly sent Asmir Begovic the wrong way and clinically dispatched his penalty into the corner. Eddie Nketiah right at home Nketiah’s clinical header from Saka’s corner could well be his final action in an Arsenal shirt. The Englishman managed to displace Alexandre Lacazette in the second half of the campaign, starting the Gunners’ last seven Premier League matches. And Nketiah demonstrated exactly why Arteta has shown him so much trust in the final run in, as he expertly lost his marker headed in from close range. His movement and final product has improved significantly in the closing stages of the Premier League campaign and the ear to ear smile on his face suggests he is really enjoying his football. However, his future remains a huge uncertainty as he is currently set to depart the club for nothing, when his contract expires at the end of the season. If his performance and evident enjoyment was anything to go by, then there could be more twists and turns in regards to his contractual situation. Conte shakes off the 'Spursy' curse Considering Tottenham's incredible improvement under Antonio Conte, opposition team talks will likely require more sustenance than the iconic 'lad's it's Tottenham' speech. While it has not been achieved without fault, the north Londoners look to have turned a psychological corner under the former Chelsea boss. Despite Norwich City's league position, securing Champions League football with a mere draw against the Premier League's bottom side still left many Spurs fans slightly daunted. However, Dejan Kulusevski and Harry Kane wrapped up a top four place by half-time with two well taken goals. News of these efforts sucked the energy out of the Emirates Stadium as they began to come to terms with another campaign in the Europa League. Meanwhile their fiercest rivals would have exploded into a sea of celebration, and perhaps anticipation - if Conte does commit his future to Tottenham, then Spurs' fans may be able to look forward to a very exciting era under him. Harry Kane's wishes are granted Had Kane got his way, he would have been spearheading City's title charge against Aston Villa this afternoon. But while his wishes of a move to Pep Guardiola's side did not come true, the England captain will not be falling sorry for himself as he is set to compete in the Champions League under one of the best managers in the world. After a slow start under Conte, Kane's strike against Norwich was his 17th goal since the Italian replaced Nuno Espirito Santo. One does wonder how many goals the 28-year-old would have helped himself to, had the Italian been in charge from the start of the season. Erling Haaland's arrival at City suggests Kane aspirations for a Spurs exit from last season will not re-emerge when the transfer window opens. This time last season, Kane appeared to be waving goodbye to Spurs fans, but the waves may have given way to excited hand rubs ahead of a potentially significant campaign with Conte. Everton crash back down to earth A few days ago, Everton fans were running onto the pitch in sheer jubiliation. However, they were likely sent running away from the Emirates after their biggest weaknesses were once again exposed. Lampard deserves an awful lot of credit for the way in which he has managed to keep Everton above relegation waters, particularly as he did so while beating Chelsea, Manchester United, and Leicester City. However, there is an awful lot of work to do as demonstrated by the manner in which Arsenal tore through the Toffees at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal took full advantage of some truly naive defending, particularly when it came to the lack of attention the Toffees gave to corners. Phase one has been completed by Lampard, but the hard work will start in the summer. The Golden Son Son Heung-Min's unbelievable season will conclude with him sharing a particularly shiney boot with Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah. His brilliant double against the division's bottom side briefly saw him surpass Salah in the race for the Golden Boot, before the Egyptian found the net against Wolves. He hammered home his 22nd and 23rd goals against Dean Smith's rudderlass Canaries. While Son did almsot single handily drive Spurs' attack at the start of the season, the way in which his game reaches an even higher level when Kane is fir and firing is extraordinary. And the terrifying prospect for the rest of the division is that Conte can make both players even better by the inclusion of Kulusevski who can surely be classed as the signing of the season.