A long queue of trucks reportedly full of various "agricultural products" can be seen travelling in a long line towards the Russian borden in a newly-emerged video. Russian officials have confirmed their plot to blackmail Western nations by withholding food and agricultural products from them until economic sanctions are removed from Russia's economy. Social media users have been erupting over the Russian forces taking agricultural products in order to starve the West.  A Russian state media outlet has claimed the UK is currently on the brink of having to turn to cannibalism due to bare shelves due to the Government's ongoing support of Ukraine. The trucks originally came from Kherson, a city now under siege by Russian forces despite Ukrainian troops brutally fighting for weeks to hold them off. A car can be seen filming alongside the line of dozens of lorries which appear to be heading into the Russian occupied Crimea. Crimea is known for its access to the sea and was once used to help ship Ukrainian grain and produce goods to the rest of the world.  JUST IN: Kate’s favourite takeaway laid bare but William ‘wouldn't eat it with her’     One user @VBausys said: "This is a robbery, blackmail and an attempt to create a global food crisis. In a few months, we will see a bunch of "experts" pressure on [Ukraine] to cease the fire. UN will express a 'deep concern'?" @_Dark_Preacher_ said: "simple ... the wheat must be poisoned, use antifreeze fluid or something else. Orcs use Sarin gas, thermobaric bombs and phosphorus grenades against your people, you can strike back with poisoning." @Marco_I_had said: "So block any ship loaded with wheat going through Bosphorus, then you will see a sudden change and brake of blockade on UKR ports. Remember that Russia is super dependent on the Black Sea as well." @Agkala said: "full-scale looting as if we were in the middle ages what's going to be crusade time ?!"   READ MORE: Putin humiliated as ‘only a matter of time’ before Russia defaults on foreign debts     @John02830619 said: "The Russian imperialists build their wealth by robbing conquered territories. Contemporary colonialism at its worst." @Mymekwek said: "Russians are ransacking the world food supply." @TakeAGandor said: "Not the actions of a liberator planning to hang around. They know their days on Ukrainian soil are numbered." @M4mysoul said: "Damn @EmmanuelMacron @Bundeskanzler @naftalibennett for allowing this to happen by blocking heavy arm shipments to Ukraine #StandWithUkraine" Ukraine is known as the breadbasket of the world and was exporting an estimated 12 percent of the global grain supply before the war. DON'T MISS: Russian forces 'hammered' in east of Ukraine—Putin's plan in tatters [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: UK issues global alert as Russia 'expanding' [INSIGHT] Horror as Russian soldiers' bodies left to ROT near Kyiv [SPOTLIGHT] 