During an appearance on The One Show, The Repair Shop star discussed his new Channel 5 programme with hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas. Jay Blades’ documentary will see the presenter head back to his childhood home for the first time in decades. However, during the interview, Jay admitted to clashing with the show producers before they had even begun filming. “We’re staying a bit closer to home now, Jay’s home to be precise, as in his new series he’s taking a trip down memory lane to learn the history of the places where he grew up,” Alex began, before airing a clip from the documentary. She went on to add: “It's always very evocative, isn't it when you go back to where you grew up? I think for all of us. So for you then, what sort of feelings and emotions did it stir?” The Repair Shop star replied: “There were so many feelings and emotions, it's almost as if the time that I remember being in Hackney and Stoke Newington, it was really, really happy times. “And then to come back 30-something years later, it's just like, wow, have I grown up?” READ MORE: Emmerdale star opens up on exit from ITV soap He continued: “It's almost like a video was playing in front of me that I could see myself running around, playing on the street, playing football, it was really a beautiful feeling. A surreal experience.” Jermaine chipped in: “You didn't just look at your own kind of personal history of where you grew up, you looked at the rich history of where you’re actually from, didn’t you? “What kind of things did you find out about the area?” The 52-year-old admitted he was surprised to learn so much about the area that he didn’t realise when growing up. Detailing his disagreement with the production team, Jay recalled: “I learned so much because when we came up with the original idea, the production company…well my production company, development team, we come up with these ideas, and they were like ‘Oh, we want you to learn about Hackney.’ “And I said, ‘Well, I know everything about Hackney, what's the point?’ And they said, ‘No you don’t’ and I said, ‘Yes, I do know.’ “And they said, ‘No you don’t’, so I said, ‘Ok, prove me wrong’, and they proved me wrong. “There was so much stuff that I didn't know about Hackney, and I am so glad we done it.”(sic) DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [NEWS]Amanda Holden jumps out of seat and runs away during creepy BGT act [VIDEO] He added: “Just finding out down the street from me or, then, a few houses down the road, that was the first Zeppelin kind of like bomb raid. “That was Hackney, it wasn't even Hackney, it was like this green area, and it was very, very leafy. “When I grew up, it was like a concrete jungle, there was no real greenery apart from the parks and stuff and the amount of stuff they actually found out was just unbelievable.” Alex went on to quiz The Repair Shop expert on how growing up in Hackney has shaped him into the person he is today. “So, for me, growing up in Hackney was a really tight community and a lot of people think growing up in the Council Estate is a bad thing,” Jay admitted. “But for me, I thought it was the best thing ever and it has still shaped me to this day.” Speaking about a fond memory from his childhood, the TV star detailed: “I remember being taken out to the seaside. “All of the families [from the estate] will come together and they'll hire a coach. Someone will bring the chickens, someone will bring the coleslaw, the rice and peas and what have you, and then we'll all go out. “We didn't have swimming costumes, I think I got some pictures that I didn't give to anybody that I'm in my Y fronts actually on the seaside." The documentary will air on Channel 5 on Tuesday at 9pm while The Repair Shop will return to BBC One on May 11. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.