Judith Miller was left alarmed by a collection of “terrifying” dolls on Antiques Roadshow as the BBC show visited the Ulster Folk Museum near Belfast. The Blythe’s Boutique collection included dolls with eyes that change colour and their owner was left stunned when Judith revealed how much the rare items were worth. The guest began by sharing what she knew about the dolls with the expert. She said: “They were produced in 1972 and I believe that they only ran for one year.” “And of course, the reason they only ran for 1972 is in some ways quite obvious,” Judith replied. The owner agreed and attributed it to the dolls’ “slightly alien look” and their “big eyes”. Read more: Antiques Roadshow guest stunned at value of jewels she almost sold Judith continued: “I think what’s hysterical about them is the massive head, the eyes and then the tiny feet.” “The tiny feet absolutely,” the owner agreed. “And of course, they don’t stand. “But they do have one special feature which makes them even more terrifying for most little girls.” “Go on,” the Antiques Roadshow expert encouraged. “If you pull this little string,” the owner said while demonstrating. “The eyes change colour.” The doll’s eyes in the guest’s hand changed colour from blue to orange. Judith went on to reveal how much the guest could expect the rare collection of dolls to sell for at auction. The guest’s collection included an assortment of dolls, outfits and a matching case. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell Titanic survivor's letter  [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned as uncle's medal fetches thousands  [INSIGHT] She said: “What they’ve got going for them, they are absolutely in great condition. “You’ve got the box set and they’re rare – they’ve become massive mainly in the States.” “So let’s talk a little bit about value,” the expert continued. Pointing at one of the boxed outfits, she said: “I think in today’s market you’d certainly be looking at £300 for this and £1,000 for the doll.” Stunned, the Antiques Roadshow guest commented: “Oh really?” Judith revealed the guest’s collection which could be worth up to £5,000. Picking up one of the doll’s outfits, she added: “I’m still laughing that in the 70s, I’m a bit horrified too, that I wore an outfit like this.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.