The UK property market is currently riding a wave of potential buyers who need a change of scenery post lockdown, with house prices booming to a 10-year high and the average house price up 12 percent in a year to £286,000. However, the looming threat of the cost-of-living crisis, deepened by the spike in inflation and rising interest rates, is creating a sense of urgency in the market, with some homeowners keen to sell up and take advantage of these elevated prices, keen not to miss out on their dream home. Property viewings especially, can be an awkward affair, particularly if the homeowner is the one showing the property, but it’s essential that homebuyers use the first-hand experience to the fullest and uncover any risks. Greg Wilson, founder of personal finance comparison site Quote Zone, is urging homebuyers not to get swept up in the excitement, do their homework and make sure their purchase is a secure investment. For example, a recent study found that an invasive and resilient weed, like Japanese knotweed – as well as other invasive species – costs the UK economy £41 million a year by damaging buildings and risking their structural integrity. Greg said: “Competition in the housing market is becoming fierce and while it’s easy to be blinded by the positives, it’s important to know what to look out for before rushing into a purchase. READ MORE: Property: How to add house value ‘cheaply’ using ‘simple option’ “By doing their research and knowing what to be on the lookout for, buyers can make the stressful process of buying their forever or indeed first home, a lot more straight-forward. “It can also help prevent potential issues with mortgage approvals and homebuyer surveys, by being able to spot issues with their new house from the outset.” Here are several “potential risks” to lookout for during property viewings. One major risk can be the issue of damp, therefore Greg suggests investing in the best homebuyers report you can afford to weed out if there is mould. DON'T MISS: Cleaning tips: How to ‘properly’ remove limescale from taps [COMMENT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ [TIPS] The main giveaway signs of damp are a mouldy smell, flaky plaster, and watermarked walls or ceilings. It sounds obvious, but make sure to look closely near the ceiling and around the skirting boards. Another clue might be if the room has just been repainted – possibly covering any damp. Another risk is spotting if a house is structurally sound. Big cracks are what house hunters should be looking for – but some hairline cracks can be expected. Look especially around where extensions join, end-of-terrace walls, and bay windows, all of which can start to fall or bow away from the rest of the house. Look for issues now that you can ask the homeowner or estate agent about and then ask your surveyor to investigate later. Invasive plants like Japanese knotweed can be a real problem for homeowners if they find it on properties. The weed can grow to be seven feet tall, can cause damage to foundations and buildings, and can be expensive and difficult to remove. If the plant is found on a property, it could potentially knock 10 percent off the value and cost thousands to remove. Therefore, Greg suggests look up pictures of Japanese knotweed and where it likes to grow beforehand. It is also advised to use online tools that highlight crime, neighbourhood watch schemes and alarms in the area. One of the biggest concerns for homebuyers could be around crime rates, especially if they have a young family. ONS data analysed by Quote Zone revealed that residential burglaries across England and Wales fell by as much as 30 percent as a result of lockdowns during the pandemic. However, these numbers could likely return to ‘normal’ pre-pandemic levels, as people are spending less time at home and are only starting to get to grips once more with safety measures.