Argentina's Malvinas Secretary Guillermo Carmona told local media: “We cannot rule out that there are British nuclear weapons in the Malvinas” In a recent interview with Télam, Mr Carmona again questioned the militarisation of the islands. He questioned the military presence of British forces in the region.   Mr Carmona claims there is "a continuous arms build-up which is reflected in the presence of a nuclear-powered submarine" on the Falkland Islands. He said that Britain was committed to the "renewal of a state-of-the-art anti-aircraft missile system, military vessels and aircraft". He added: "There are also large-scale military exercises. "It is really a worrying situation." READ MORE: Hands off Falklands! Argentina moans about open wound  He added that there must be explanation from London about the destiny of the British nuclear arsenal sent to the Falklands during the 1982 war. He said: "We cannot say today that there are nuclear weapons in Malvinas. "But neither can we rule it out because the United Kingdom has not provided any information." In the interview, Mr Carmona ratified Argentina's interest in reactivating the strategic Zone of Peace and Cooperation of the South Atlantic. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as Ukraine blows up three more Russian tanks [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Brutal Chechen warlord threatens 'second stage' attack [REPORT]Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [BREAKING]  He explained the position that Argentina will take at the next meeting of the United Nations Decolonisation Committee. Mr Carmona added: "In the absence of historical, legal and geographical reasons, the United Kingdom appeals to the de facto presence, using militarisation as a way of strengthening or justifying its presence in this part of the Argentine national territory. "Argentina has historical, legal and geographical arguments and plenty of support in the world in its sovereignty claim. "Not only Argentina has repudiated this militarisation process, but also the countries of our region that suffer the threat of a disproportionate military presence in the South Atlantic. "It is necessary to take into account the militarisation, for a little more than 3,000 inhabitants, there are at least 1,500 military personnel in Malvinas. "This disproportion of civilian and military population already shows that Malvinas is one of the most militarised territories in the world." 