The Ukrainian military has successfully deployed British-made anti-tank missiles and scored successful hits on Russian armour according to newly released drone footage. British Brimstone missiles have been supplied to Ukrainian fighters in great numbers to be used to destroy Russia's tanks and equipment amid a closely fought battle to halt Vladimir Putin's push into the eastern Donbas region. In the clip shared online by Ukrainian combat instructor Pavlo Kashchuk, two Brimstone missiles can be seen being launched in quick succession against a Russian armoured convoy. The attack seems to have worked with both missiles hitting Russian military vehicles resulting in a fierce blast and flying debris. Mr Kashchuk commented alongside the video: "They say the [Russians] are in a little panic. "Tanks get their turrets torn down even in the rear.  "There are already rumours about new ghost planes from NATO, but wait, it’s just good old Brimstones in the skillful hands of operators of the Special Operations Forces and a little bit of military trickery." Brimstone missiles are advanced 'fire and forget' rockets that are primarily designed to be launched from ships or warplanes. To suit the hit and run tactics of the Ukrainian army, the Brimstones arriving from Britain have been fitted to modified launchers allowing them to be fired from the ground. The new footage came after more than 250 Ukrainian fighters surrendered to Russian forces at the Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol after weeks of resistance, bringing an end to the most devastating siege of Russia's war in Ukraine. The steelworks' surrender in Mariupol allowed Putin to claim a rare victory in a campaign that many military analysts say has stalled. While both sides spoke of a deal under which all Ukrainian troops would abandon the steelworks, many details were not yet public, including how many fighters still remained inside, and whether any form of prisoner swap had been agreed. Russia said at least 256 Ukrainian fighters had "laid down their arms and surrendered", including 51 severely wounded.  Ukraine said 264 soldiers, including 53 wounded, had left. Russian defence ministry video showed fighters leaving the plant, some carried on stretchers, others with hands up to be searched by Russian troops. The Kremlin said Putin had personally guaranteed the prisoners would be treated according to international standards, and Ukrainian officials said they could be exchanged for Russian captives. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said Kyiv aimed to arrange a prisoner swap for the wounded once their condition stabilised.