Young Ian (played by John Bell) has become a major player in the latest seasons of Outlander after forging his own path with the Mohawk Native Americans. After his miraculous rescue of Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) in the Starz drama’s recent season finale, executive producer Maril Davis has celebrated his role in the series and teased what’s next when the series continues. Maril revealed she has been incredibly impressed with Outlander star John’s performance in the most recent season. Ian was at the heart of some of season six’s most pivotal conflicts as the Frasers struggled to trust the Cherokee while the American Revolution escalates. Having joined the series in season three, John has gone from strength to strength as the most recent seasons saw him fully integrated into the main cast. “For Ian, I mean, I’m so impressed with John Bell this season,” Maril said. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Ian has been like a son to his uncle Jamie and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) since departing the Frasers’ home in Lallybroch. He quickly started his own independence when the time came to move to North Carolina, and was brave enough to take Roger’s (Richard Rankin) place amongst the Mohawk following their conflict in season four. Now tensions have calmed between the tribe and the settlers, Ian is able to spend more time at the Ridge and has often stepped in to help the Frasers’ disagreements with Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and the redcoats. Having wrapped up its sixth season, Ian is set to become a more valuable ally than ever after freeing Jamie from the clutches of Richard’s men. Maril has since told Variety: “Every season I am [impressed], but I just think we’ve seen young Ian and I love that we call him that. “But Young Ian turned into a man this season. He’s really coming into his own.” Before this season, Ian was affectionately known as Young Ian to differentiate him from his father, Ian Murray (Steven Cree). DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson loses patience as Susanna interrupts in GMB interview [VIDEO]Dan Walker shares thank you as he confirms BBC leaving date [UPDATE]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT] He has now come of age throughout the sixth season, especially after the middle episode recounted his star-crossed relationship with a young Mohawk woman, Wahionhaweh (Morgan Holmstrom). The producer continued: “Everything we saw in episode four, his backstory with the Mohawk and his tragic love story. “I’m so excited for where we’re going with Ian and season seven,” she teased. Plot details are being kept under wraps for now, but season seven is expected to wrap up the Frasers’ battle with Richard and finally solve the mystery of the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). As season six was forced to be cut short by the pandemic, the first episodes will resolve the conflicts of the latest instalment before moving on to adapt Diana Gabaldon’s seventh novel, An Echo in the Bone. “We’re gonna see such a great arc for him,” Maril confirmed. “I’m just so impressed by John and the way he’s transformed that character from boy to man. We saw that before our eyes this season and it was really lovely.” Jamie, Ian and their Cherokee companion Chief Bird (Glen Gould) have a long journey ahead before they’re reunited with Claire, so expect to see a lot more of Young Ian when Outlander continues. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.