Texas Governor Greg Abbott was among the first to condemn yesterday’s shooting at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, which claimed the lives of 19 children and two teachers. It has been described as the worst shooting in the US since Sandy Hook, when 26 children were killed. However Mr Abbott and other Texan officials have been the subject of controversy since yesterday’s attack as the state made firearms more widely accessible less than a year ago - with the Governor himself tweeting urging Texans to buy more guns. The company which made the very weapons Salvador Ramos used in yesterday’s shooting have also inadvertently put themselves in a difficult position with a tweet just a week before the shooting which encouraged parents to teach their children to shoot. Since it came into effect last September, a new Texas law has allowed gun owners to openly carry a handgun in the state without the need to obtain a licence, background check or training. By introducing the law, Texas joined nearly two dozen states allowing some form of unregulated handgun possession. Rifles were already allowed to be carried in public without a licence in Texas, even before the new law was introduced. The move was part of Mr Abbott’s pledge to keep Texas a “bastion of freedom”. Standing next to representatives from pro-gun lobbyist group the National Rifle Association (NRA), he said: “Texas will always be the leader in defending the Second Amendment, which is why we built a barrier around gun rights this session.” A poorly-aged tweet from 2015 in which Mr Abbott actively encourages Texans to purchase guns has put the Governor in hot water with Americans horrified after yesterday’s events. He tweeted: “I'm EMBARRASSED: Texas #2 in the nation for new gun purchases, behind CALIFORNIA. “Let's pick up the pace Texans.” Many Americans have since replied to the tweet linking to yesterday’s school shooting. One said to Mr Abbott: “You should be embarrassed about the 14 children and 1 teacher who just died in a school shooting in your gun-fetish state.” READ MORE: Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school 'massacre' [REVEAL] Tony Gonzales, the Republican Representative of Texas’ 23rd congressional district which includes Uvalde where the shooting took place on Tuesday, is also facing heat for an old tweet advocating guns. Mr Gonzales tweeted last March: “I voted NO on two gun control measures in the House today. I am a proud supporter of the Second Amendment and will do everything I can to oppose gun grabs from the far Left.” The tweet resurfaced after Mr Gonzales offered his tributes for the mass shooting. Igor Volsky, executive director of gun-violence prevention group Guns Down America, told NBC:“Lawmakers like Abbott, and others who try to build a political brand by energizing NRA voters, have a lot of blood on their hands.” A tweet by Georgia-based arms manufacturer Daniel Defense on May 16, just over a week before the shooting, encouraged parents to teach children how to use firearms. Ramos had purchased two AR-15s made by Daniel Defense for his 18th birthday, and would then use them to murder a total of 22 people. The tweet read: “Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old, he will not depart from it.” The attached image showed a very young child holding a similar-looking weapon to the AR-15 used in Uvalda yesterday. Democratic U.S. Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut, a leading advocate for legislation to restrict the proliferation of guns, told reporters of the struggle to regulate guns in the US: "I just don't understand why people here think we're powerless." "There's just not a coincidence that we're the high-income-world's deadliest nation and we have the loosest gun laws. You know, guns flow in this country like water. And that's why we have mass shooting after mass shooting," he said. Firearms became the leading cause of death for US children and adolescents starting in 2020, surpassing motor vehicle accidents, according to a University of Michigan research letter published in the New England Journal of Medicine last month.