The Royal Family cost the taxpayer £87.5million in 2020/21, according to accounts for the Sovereign Grant – an increase of £18.1 million on the previous financial year and equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK. The value of the Sovereign Grant is determined by how much the Crown Estate has brought in, and is used by the Queen and other members of the Royal Family to pay for official royal duties and upkeep of royal residences. But, with the cost of the living crisis affecting Britain, some see the expense as unsustainable. Graham Smith, chief executive officer of the anti-monarchy campaign Republic, shared his opinion in the Daily Express earlier this month after Prince William was booed at the FA Cup final. He said: “[There’s] good reason to boo royals, because they represent something that a lot of people object to. Not Britain, but elitism, unearned wealth, limits on democracy and hereditary privilege… “We live in a country that leaves many destitute, while rewarding one family with hundreds of millions of pounds, two dozen luxury homes and a fleet of private jets, helicopters and even their own train. “And why? For no reason other than that their ancestors stole power and land from everyone else.” So what do YOU think? Can Britain afford the Monarchy? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee is being celebrated with a four-day bank holiday weekend, and several official and community events taking place. The weekend will also see many members of the Royal Family come together to celebrate and tour the UK to commemorate the event. I News columnist Yasmin Alibhai-Brown said: “I am a republican, but I do agree that the monarch’s long rule and her life, which embodies so much history, should be honoured and commemorated. And that we should always respect the elderly. “But 1,458 public events? Two thousand street parties and private bashes? Pimm’s sales up by 260 per cent?” Ruthin Town Councillor Ethan Jones also argued public money should not be used to celebrate the Jubilee due to the “unprecedented” cost of living crisis. He said that using public money to mark the occasion showed “skewed priorities”. He said: "People are having to make choices between heating and eating. People are out of work. "Almost one in three children in Wales are living in poverty. Is it really the best use of public money?" So what do YOU think? Is the Jubilee value for money? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.  The Platinum Jubilee is an unprecedented milestone and has increased concerns the Queen is nearing the end of her reign. While many will be celebrating her 70 years as head of state, the occasion provides hope for republicans that they can end the monarchy. An anti-monarchy pressure group had put up billboards across the country saying “Make Elizabeth the last”. Campaigning group Republic has displayed the posters in cities including London, Liverpool, Leeds, Newcastle, Aberdeen and Glasgow.  DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen as Netflix 'pressure' mounts [LIVE BLOG]'As a mother' Meghan opens up on 'personal' reason she chose to attend Texas memorial [UPDATE]Royal Family threat as younger voters see monarchy as 'expensive luxury', poll suggests [INSIGHT] Above the pictures of Prince Andrew, Prince William and Prince Charles the advert says #AbolishtheMonarchy The group wrote on its funding page: “As we approach the end of the Queen’s reign the country needs an honest, grown-up debate about the monarchy. “We need to stop and ask ourselves: Can’t we just choose our next head of state?” So what do YOU think? Will the Royal Family still rule Britain in 100 years time? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.