Cleaning an oven is an unenviable task that commonly finds itself high on the list of hated household chores. Dirty, boring and laborious, it’s a duty that tends to be avoided at all costs, unless absolutely necessary. That being said, many often hit a roadblock when it comes to cleaning oven glass. Cleaning experts at Oven Clean have shared their top tips on how to clean oven door glass quickly without subjecting it to scratches. The ability to clean the glass of your oven door can make or break your oven cleaning endeavour. Unsightly drips and noticeable streaks are far from an uncommon occurrence on oven glass and can leave your oven appearing grubby, even if the inside itself is actually spotless. However, oven glass accessibility isn’t always simple and can take a lot more effort than simply spray, scrub and wipe. The cleaning experts explained: “Cleaning oven glass is not a job that’s often at the top of our to-do lists. “But it’s one of the places in our kitchens that can get greasy and grimy very quickly. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ “From leaky lasagnes to stew splatters and more, it’s easy to see why it can get so grubby. “Cleaning your oven and the oven glass doesn’t have to be a chore – the trick is knowing how to do it quickly and effectively.” The experts explained that while caustic oven cleaning products might have their time and place, cleaning its glass doesn’t have to involve the use of harsh chemicals. They said: “By making a baking soda and vinegar mixture you can get fantastic results and make your oven glass look as good as new.” To make this mixture, simply mix baking soda and water until you get a spreadable paste, then the white vinegar is sprayed on after. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [TIPS]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [INSIGHT] Once the mixture has been made, the first step is to take out the glass panel at the front of your oven and put it into the sink. Some ovens have screwed on glass panels that don’t look like they are supposed to be removed. But to clean every bit of your oven’s glass effectively, it has to be done. Instructions for how to remove the glass should be included in the oven’s manual. After the glass has been removed, cover it with the cleaning mixture as mentioned above. The cleaning pros advised: “Leave for around half an hour, or overnight if the stains are particularly bad.” After, spray the glass in the sink and the oven with white vinegar. Homeowners should notice that the cleaning paste starts to foam as a result of the reaction between the baking soda and white vinegar. Then using a scratch-free sponge, wipe away any excess grease. Pay close attention to any stuck-on food. It’s important to ensure you don’t use abrasive cleaning sponges that could irreparably scratch the glass. Those who have particularly grimy oven glass, this process can be repeated a couple times. The oven glass can then be rinsed with warm soapy water, then buffed dry with a microfibre cloth.