Death In Paradise star Ralf Little recently wrapped filming for his third season in the BBC crime-drama, where his character Neville Parker faced some unprecedented challenges. He also said goodbye to love interest DI Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) after the pair investigated their final murder together. Now, Ralf has taken a step away from the much-loved show to take a closer look at his family's history on Who Do You Think You Are? The BBC One series follows celebrities as they look back at their family history and uncover secrets from their past. They discover stories of courage, joy, sacrifice and resilience and, more often than not, leave the guest speechless at what they have learned. According to the official synopsis for the new series, Ralf will be learning more about his Mancunian roots and discovers a "footballing legacy". The new series is set to begin on May 26 and will include other faces such as Anna Maxwell Martin, Richard Osman, Sue Perkins and Matt Lucas. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Carl Callam, BBC Commissioning Editor for Documentaries, expressed: “We are pleased to be back with a brand new series of Who Do You Think You Are? "It’s great to see some of our most loved celebrities trace their family history through these remarkable journeys and their compelling stories. "It’s such an extraordinary series, one that has story and heart at the centre, with a real resonance that brings history to life and shines a light on who and where we are now.” Ralf was born in Bury, Greater Manchester, where his acting career kicked off in The Royle Family before going on to star in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. Ralf joined the cast of Death In Paradise in 2019, returning to the series as a new character six years after his one-episode guest appearance. He took over from departing star Ardal O'Hanlon midway through the drama's ninth season after his character, DI Jack Mooney, decided to return to London. As the latest season came to an end, fans were delighted when Ralf revealed that the show would be returning for season 12. On his official Instagram page, he told fans: "Thanks to everyone for watching @DeathInParadise series 11. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [LATEST]Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [WATCH] 1610798 "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I'll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." In a recent interview with Radio Times, he revealed filming for the new series was set to begin in May. "I don't know what we will do when we get out there," he teased. Ralf also touched on where he thinks his character may go: "Be wary of the detectives being too happy, if they’re too happy, there’s nowhere else for them to go… but it would be really lovely. "One thing Tim Key, our exec, loves winding me up about is that he never ever wants Neville to look too cool. "And I’m like, 'Come on, man!' at the weekends, I’m an adrenaline junkie, I scuba dive, snorkelling and jet skiing, all this great stuff you can do in the Caribbean. "So I’d suggest, 'Maybe Neville could be on a jet ski?' And Tim’s like, 'Not a chance,' it’s now a running joke where he is obsessed with never letting me look cool," he joked. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.