Kate Moss, who rarely discusses her love life, made an appearance via video link during Johnny Depp's defamation case against his ex-wife Amber Heard. The famously-private model dated the Pirates of the Caribbean actor from 1994 until 1998. The model told the court about the time her ex-beau came to her aid after she slipped down the stairs in Jamaica while they were on holiday during her appearance on Wednesday. The British supermodel has since addressed the accident and said Johnny sought medical treatment for her. Heard opened the door to Moss' testimony by claiming she feared Depp would push her sister down the stairs during a violent argument. According to Heard, there was a rumour that Depp had once done the same thing to Moss and it came to her mind. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial  Moss was appearing as a witness for Depp during a stage of the trial known as rebuttal, where he gets to challenge Heard's allegations. Questioned by Depp's attorney Benjamin Chew, Moss said: "No, he never pushed me, kicked me or threw me down any stairs. "He carried me to my room and got me medical attention." When questioned about the accident in Jamaica, Moss explained she slipped down the stairs and hurt her back following a rainstorm. The supermodel was originally brought up in Depp's 2020 defamation trial in London by Heard, who claimed that she had heard that the model was pushed downstairs by the actor.  Taking to the stand in the recent court case, Heard once again referred to the alleged incident when describing a fight she had with her ex-husband which saw her sister attempt to intervene. During day two of her testimony in Fairfax, Virginia, Heard detailed a number of violent fights she and Depp allegedly got into during their relationship. While she was speaking about their fights, the Aquaman actress briefly mentioned Moss, explaining how she had supposedly punched Depp in the face for the first time due to his previous actions against the model. Heard's claims have since been denied by the model. DON'T MISS... BBC's Deborah James doesn't know how long she has left[LATEST]Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders[PICTURES]'Unbelievably grim' Dan Walker reacts to Texas school shooting[UPDATES] Moss and Depp were reportedly introduced at New York hangout Café Tabac by columnist George Wayne; she was 20, he was 31. They were pictured together at high-profile events including the Golden Globe Awards in 1995, the Cannes Film Festival in 1997, and premieres for the actor's films including Donnie Brasco and Don Juan DeMarco. In 1996, they were photographed on holiday with Noel Gallagher and his then wife Meg Matthews in Mustique in the Caribbean. In a rare interview with Vanity Fair in 2012, she said of their relationship: "There's nobody that's ever really been able to take care of me. Johnny did for a bit. "I believed what he said... Like if I said, 'What do I do?', he'd tell me. And that's what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust. Nightmare. Years and years of crying. Oh, the tears!" In a 1998 interview, Depp reportedly said of their break-up: "I'm the one who has to take responsibility for what happened. "I was difficult to get on with, I let my work get in the way and I didn't give her the attention I should have done."