  Dianne Buswell has opened up about the “life-changing” experience she had on ITV’s Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Strictly Come Dancing star, who confronted her fair share of struggles during the show, has revealed she has since smashed a world record thanks to finding her “inner strength”.      Dianne, 33, has just set a new Guinness world record for furthest distance danced by a couple after realising “how strong she is” on ITV’s Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. The Strictly star provided an insight into the show that “changed her life”. Dianne, who recently danced non-stop for 12.6 km for over two hours 12 minutes with partner Pasquale La Rocca, opened up about freezing her fears. “It was literally one of the best things I've ever done in my life,” the star confirmed. READ MORE: Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67     “I loved every second of it. And it really has given me so many tools to take with me in my everyday life and I feel like it has been a life changing experience for me. “I have nothing but amazing words to say about that show. It was really cool.” The public was moved by Dianne’s honesty on the show, as the star opened up about her own issues. One episode saw her admit that she suffered from an eating disorder, which became so bad that it left her in danger of having a heart attack.     Asked what new things she had learned about herself during the process, Dianne explained how she finally got to grips with her own strength. Making reference to her recent world record triumph, she reflected: “Mindset is so important and we can talk ourselves into or out of so many things just from the mind. “I found out I was a lot stronger than I ever dreamed of or ever thought I was. “So yeah, that was a really nice thing to experience just knowing, ‘Wow, yeah, you are pretty strong. You can do this.’” READ MORE... Loose Women's Denise Welch dares to bare in snakeskin swimsuit [PICS] Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [LATEST] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [NEWS]      Dianne is used to the glitz and glam of Strictly Come Dancing, which is carefully planned out each week. Asked what it was like to open up on such a raw reality show, Dianne confirmed that she found it much easier than expected. “I feel like the environment we were in just naturally allowed us to be like that,” she explained. “I never thought, ‘Oh my gosh I’m on a TV show, I’ve got to hold back.’ “Going into it I was aware that everything was being filmed, but then literally after a couple of hours being there…      “It was such a beautiful, comfortable environment where you really felt like you could truly be yourself, which is why I think so many of us opened up and were so real on the show.” Dianne also confirmed that she had “100 percent” made friendships for life thanks to the hit ITV show. “Everyone that was on the show was just so much fun,” she remembered. “Everyone just had such a wicked sense of humour, but we were all also there for a special reason. “I feel like everyone sort of had that moment to overcome something that they went in there for, which was really, really nice.” Speaking about smashing a world record shortly after her stint on the show, Dianne revealed: “It was really fun, actually. I thought it would be harder than it was. Two hours and 15 minutes of non-stop dancing - it’s something I can tick off my bucket list!” Dianne relied on Sure’s new 72H Nonstop Protection deodorant to keep her protected from sweat and odour as she pushed herself to her limits in the record-breaking dance session. Sure wants to encourage people to push themselves to their limits this summer without the fear of sweating.   