Manchester United are reportedly pressing ahead with plans to sign Jurrien Timber from Ajax. Erik ten Hag managed the centre-back during his time in Amsterdam and, now, could reunite with the player at Old Trafford. And, with the Red Devils chasing a deal, that speaks volumes about the likes of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe. Manchester United need a midfielder and a striker, at least, this summer as they gear up for the start of the Ten Hag era. But it’s a centre-back they appear to be prioritising right now as they look to hit the ground running next time out. United are big admirers of Timber, with Ten Hag recently talking up the 20-year-old and his potential having coached him over in Amsterdam. And that’s damning for their current defenders when you look at how urgently the Red Devils need to address other areas of their squad as well. If Timber does arrive, it’s feasible Harry Maguire will lose the starting berth he’s had over the past three years. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Made captain by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the England international has failed to achieve consistency since his arrival from Leicester in 2019. Maguire has struggled to strike up a strong connection with Raphael Varane and, currently, his form isn’t good enough. Any move for Timber would plunge Victor Lindelof into uncertain waters, too. Maguire would likely be first-reserve should an injury occur to either Timber or Varane. And Lindelof, having been a regular throughout his time at Old Trafford, would then have to accept being a squad player. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag For such an established star, that would certainly be a hammer blow. But it’s certainly understandable, too, with Lindelof having his own issues with consistency during his five years with the club. United also going for Timber suggests Bailly, Jones and Tuanzebe won’t be at the club for much longer either. Bailly was signed by Jose Mourinho in the summer transfer window of 2016 having impressed at Villarreal. Yet injuries have hampered the Ivory Coast international throughout his time at the club and he’s made just four Premier League appearances this term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Made captain by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the England international has failed to achieve consistency since his arrival from Leicester in 2019. Maguire has struggled to strike up a strong connection with Raphael Varane and, currently, his form isn’t good enough. Any move for Timber would plunge Victor Lindelof into uncertain waters, too. Maguire would likely be first-reserve should an injury occur to either Timber or Varane. And Lindelof, having been a regular throughout his time at Old Trafford, would then have to accept being a squad player.  Injuries have also prevented Jones from realising his true potential as well. Signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in 2011, the Scot once compared him to the late, great Duncan Edwards - who was part of the Busby Babes. Yet Jones, ever since, has spent more time on the treatment table than on the field. And then there’s Tuanzebe, who has endured troublesome loan spells with Aston Villa and Napoli this season. A player once of great potential, it’s looking increasingly likely that his future lies away from Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he’ll be another casualty, almost certainly, if United are able to get a deal for Timber over the line. While not a statement signing, it would be interesting to see how he’d fare in England having impressed during his time in the Eredivisie. Any potential move to United would also speak volumes about Ten Hag, too. It would show that he’s willing to trust young players, something the great managers of previous years have done with the Red Devils. And it would also suggest that United will be putting young stars at the top of their wishlist as they look to rebuild and bring the glory days back.