The PGA Championship will be missing one of its biggest names this year following confirmation titleholder Phil Mickelson will not defend his crown at Southern Hills in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 'Lefty' has been linked with a move to the breakaway Saudi Golf League (or LIV Golf Series), which will look to rival the PGA Tour and gets underway in Hertfordshire on June 11. Mickelson has also been criticised for comments he made about the Kingdom, as well as the PGA itself. The 51-year-old was quoted saying he's willing to work with the "scary motherf*****s" in Saudi Arabia who 'execute people for being gay' because it's a rare opportunity to reform the PGA Tour. "Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it," he pondered while talking to author Alan Shipnuck, who has penned his new book 'Phil: The Rip-Roaring (and Unauthorized!) Biography of Golf’s Most Colorful Superstar'. "Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates." Rory McIlroy was among the most vocal Tour stars to scrutinise those remarks, referring to Mickelson's views as "naive, selfish, egotistical, ignorant." Tiger Woods has more recently come out in support of golf's current elite model during the build-up to Thursday's PGA Championship tee times. READ MORE PGA Championship tee times confirmed as Tiger Woods grouped with Rory McIlroy  "I understand different viewpoints, but I believe in legacies, I believe in major championships and big events, comparisons to historical figures of the past," Woods told reporters. "There is plenty of money out there. The Tour is growing - like any other sport, like tennis, you have to go out there and earn it." Mickelson was swift in apologising for the comments after they surfaced and suggested they had been made off the record (something Shipnuck has denied). Nevertheless, he took several months away from the sport and missed the Masters for the first time in 28 years, while this will be the first PGA Championship he's not attended since 1992. DON'T MISS Tiger Woods issues ominous message to rivals ahead of the PGA Championship 'We've all made mistakes' - Greg Norman brushes off question on brutal Khashoggi killing Rory McIlroy makes 'comfortable' Major prediction ahead of PGA Championship    Despite his efforts to make amends, Mickelson was also dropped by a string of sponsors, including Amstel Light, Workday and KPMG, who had worked with the veteran for 14 years. Club manufacturer Callaway also chose to 'pause' its 18-year relationship with Lefty, while it was announced he will no longer serve as host of The American Express tournament. It's reported those converting to the LIV Golf Series will compete for a $25million (£20m) prize purse at each of its eight events, with $4m (£3.2m) of that going to the victor. That gives Mickelson all the more motivation to thrive in the Saudi competition when it gets underway at the Centurion Club next month, with his list of endorsements hit heavily of late.