Arlene Foster, a Former Minister of Northern Ireland sat down with news journalists to discuss the Congresswoman's comments. Ms Foster explained how wrong Ms Pelsoi was about the militarized borders in Northern Ireland, explaining that they were already there before Brexit. The Former Minister then went on to talk about how Ms Pelosi's misunderstanding of the Northern Ireland agreement was unhelpful. Ms Foster encouraged Ms Pelosi to actually read the agreement. Ms Foster told GB News: "Oh dear, Paul I'm weary of Nancy Pelosi I have to say, I mean she just takes her comments straight out of the... Handbook. "She says she wants to protect the Belfast agreement but then goes on to talk about 'we can't have a border on the island of Ireland' I'm sorry that's not what the Belfast agreement says actually. "You need to read the Belfast agreement, she talks about militarized borders. "Well the militarized borders were there, not to stop trade Nancy, they were there to protect Northern Ireland at a time of terrorist insurrection.  JUST IN: ‘F*** the war!’ Putin backlash begins as thousands stage revolt at St Petersburg concert     Ms Foster added: "They were there to stop semtex, not sausages! "So the military border that she's actually talking about is not what's going to come about in terms of trade. "And trade can be dealt with through... We talked about this, through technology through the trust of the trader. "Through all of the other ways, and there doesn't need to be a physical border in the manner in which she thinks of so... "I mean it's the level of willful misunderstanding of what the Belfast agreement is, what happened in the past and it's just so unhelpful to have this person intervening in this way."    READ MORE:Max Verstappen's team radio meltdown as Red Bull issues continue in Spain     Nancy Pelosi brought up the agreement in Congress this week, claiming the US Government would not support such a move. Ms Pelosi said: "It is deeply concerning that the United Kingdom is now seeking to unilaterally discard the Northern Ireland Protocol. "Negotiated agreements like the protocol preserve the important progress and stability forged by the Good Friday Accords, which continue to enjoy strong bipartisan and bicameral support in the United States Congress. "As I have stated in my conversations with the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and Members of the House of Commons if the United Kingdom chooses to undermine the Good Friday Accords, the Congress cannot and will not support a bilateral free trade agreement with the United Kingdom. "Respectful of the will of the British people and of Brexit, I urge constructive, collaborative and good-faith negotiations to implement an agreement that upholds peace."   Political figures have been criticising Ms Pelosi for her misunderstanding of the agreement. Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s spokesman, Jamie Davies, discussed Ms Pelsoi's comments. Mr Davies said: “We welcome that the US shares our deep commitment to the Belfast Good Friday Agreement and the peace process and has urged the EU to show flexibility," He added: "If Nancy Pelosi wants to see the agreement protected, then she needs to recognise that it is the protocol that is harming and undermining the agreement."    