She took to Mumsnet to complain about the exchanges which left her feeling “awkward” and “annoyed”. The neighbours' gardens are next door and opposite the woman’s, meeting at the corner of her lawn.  On the popular Am I Being Unreasonable forum, the woman told users that the neighbours had decided to speak to each other over her garden, rather than walking around to each others’ houses. She said: "The houses on my street back into gardens from the people behind with no path in between. The issue is with people behind and people next to us. I think they are close friends. “They constantly talk in the corner of the fence between mine and theirs. This happens quite a lot so not just a one off.” She also noted that the neighbours stood on things to be able to see over the fence which was “average adult height.”  She added: "The fences are relatively high, about average adult height, but they stand on things to speak to each other over the corner of the fence, or they are shouting over to get each other's attention. “I was in my garden playing with my dog and I had two people talking at a higher height than me at the corner of our garden. “As someone who suffers from social anxiety too, it might be just me (maybe others wouldn't feel so annoyed), but I felt like my privacy was breached." The woman claims that the neighbours ignore her when she is out in the garden, and continue their conversations despite her presence.  READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ She said: "They don't budge when they see me either because they are stood up high I feel awkward as hell like they can see my whole garden and into my house. “They are always in too! One side has 6 kids that are all home schooled so they are often talking over the fence too. I wouldn't mind if it was just the kids, to be honest! “I feel more awkward with the adults having a conversation. I just feel like there's often someone in the corner of my garden." Many Mumsnet users agreed with the woman, calling the neighbours “rude” or saying it would drive them “bonkers”. Some users told the woman to plant a tree or bush in the corner of the garden to stop the neighbours gabbing.  DON'T MISS:Woman who was 'eating herself to death' shed 20st - here's how [PICTURES]High cholesterol: The warning signs of ‘excess cholesterol’ [ANALYSIS]Deborah James reconciled with husband a month before cancer diagnosis [REPORT] One user posted: "Can you put a mature tree up? That would drive me bonkers too." Another said: "Massively rude, would really hack me off. You can get clump forming bamboo that doesn’t spread too much. Otherwise a large bushy evergreen, maybe something spiky." A third user agreed and said that even if the plants wouldn’t stop the neighbours from shouting over the fence, at least the woman wouldn’t have to see them. The user said: "Oh I'd hate this! You could buy some bamboo in pots to put in that corner - won't stop them gassing but at least they can't see you/you see them." 