In 2021, Squid Game took the world by storm after the gory South-Korean survival series landed on Netflix and sparked a frenzy on social media. With millions of viewers worldwide anticipating its season two release, the creator has finally dropped a huge update.  Fans were left on the edge of their seats as they watched a destitute Seong Gi-hun (Lee Gung-jae) struggle to make ends meet for himself and his mother. With crippling debt from a violent loan shark and the threat of losing his daughter forever, he accepted a mysterious invitation which could see him become a billionaire. Alongside hundreds of other cash-strapped participants, they had to compete and play children’s games to the death. Although he finished the games victorious, he was riddled with trauma, however, the finale saw him decide to re-join the games after spotting someone who was once in the same position as him. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark The series became a huge success and held the record for the biggest series to launch on the platform with 111million views in the first 28 days. Despite only consisting of nine episodes, the series dominated Netflix’s top spot in the UK and other countries. As a result, fans were left begging for more from its creator Hwang Dong-hyuk, who initially only wanted to release the instalment as a mini-series. Due to the high demand Hwang Dong-hyuk agreed to continue the story and work on a second season.  Thankfully for fans, he recently unveiled a huge release update. Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter, Hwang hinted: “Humanity is going to be put to a test through those games once again.” The creator added that he “only has about three pages’ worth of ideas that he plans to turn into a script.” “If they were capable of talking with one another, of cooperating with one another, I do agree that there could have been a possibility that we could have seen more winners.” DON'T MISS...David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [INSIGHT]Squid Game's Jung Ho-yeon's twin sister to appear as star drops hint? [THEORY]Squid Game's boss teases return of huge star in second season [INSIGHT] On the arrival of season two, Hwang revealed the series could potentially land on screens towards the end of 2023 or in 2024. The creator also opened up on the potential storylines the instalment could explore. He shared it would explore “some other stories in the series that have not been addressed". While a storyline surrounding the Frontman received a “maybe.” He added: “For example, the story of the police officer and the story of his brother, the Front Man. 