A woman contacted the Manchester Evening News to say that she was due to fly from Manchester Airport to the Egyptian city of Hurghada at 1.15pm yesterday afternoon (May 23). However, she is currently "at home", having never left the runway. She added: “Our flight was delayed multiple times, only to be told at 5pm when [we had] already been sat on the plane for three hours that it was cancelled. We had been there since 9am.” Now, easyJet has confirmed that the flight did not go ahead due to issues on the continent. It is understood that disruption seen abroad — mainly down to poor weather and air traffic control problems — meant that its flight crews reached their ‘maximum legal working hours’, so could not leave British soil. A spokesperson also apologised to customers for the disruption. A statement said: “easyJet is operating around 1,650 flights today across the network. “Unfortunately, due to ATC and weather delays across France and Germany, flight EZY1885 from Manchester to Hurghada has been cancelled. We have provided affected customers with their options and are sorry for any inconvenience caused."  The disruption to holidaymakers has continued today, with travellers reporting long queues at the check-in desk and security, as well as long waits for luggage. One customer described the situation as 'hell on earth', reports Manchester Evening News. At around 5.20am, Marion Wolstenholme tweeted: "Chaos @manairport this morning. Almost 2 hours queuing to drop off case & still no end in sight. Really really poor @easyJet. No organisation, no communication. Upset, anxious & frustrated queues of customers." Last weekend, a spokesperson for the airport apologised to passengers facing long waits in baggage reclaim. "After a very damaging two years, our whole operation is facing resourcing challenges at present, including many of the third parties operating on our site, such as baggage handling agents", the statement said. "We and our partners, including airlines and baggage handling agents, are actively recruiting for hundreds of roles and in the meantime, we will continue to work together to ensure processes are running as efficiently as they can, and to mitigate staffing challenges as far as possible." 