The Russian leader has staked all on his bid to take the Donbas region in Ukraine's east. However, his forces continue to come up against fierce Ukrainian resistance and recently suffered a humiliating set back while trying to cross the Siverskyi Donets river. Latest intelligence reports from the UK's Ministry of Defence claim the Russians have now "likely suffered losses of one third of the ground combat force it committed in February."  Analysts also said that the Russian offensive had effectively stalled and that morale among the troops was "low". The MoD wrote in its most recent bulletin: "Russia’s Donbas offensive has lost momentum and fallen significantly behind schedule. "Despite small-scale initial advances, Russia has failed to achieve substantial territorial gains over the past month whilst sustaining consistently high levels of attrition. "Russia has now likely suffered losses of one third of the ground combat force it committed in February." They added: "Russian forces are increasingly constrained by degraded enabling capabilities, continued low morale and reduced combat effectiveness. "Many of these capabilities cannot be quickly replaced or reconstituted, and are likely to continue to hinder Russian operations in Ukraine. "Under the current conditions, Russia is unlikely to dramatically accelerate its rate of advance over the next 30 days." The Ukrainian army has achieved some stunning results in recent days, as it continues to rebuff Moscow's offensive in the east. Kyiv's forces have pushed back Russian troops from Kharkiv, Ukraine's second largest city. Reports suggest that the Russians have been forced back towards their own territory in what amounts to another military defeat for Putin. Analysts for the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) claimed Moscow was focusing on an orderly withdrawal from the region and was prioritising getting its troops home safely. READ MORE: Chemical weapon fears as Putin may have dropped 'unstoppable' bombs  They wrote: "Ukraine thus appears to have won the Battle of Kharkiv. "Ukrainian forces prevented Russian troops from encircling, let alone seizing Kharkiv, and then expelled them from around the city, as they did to Russian forces attempting to seize Kyiv." They continued: "Ukrainian forces will likely attempt to disrupt at least the westernmost of the ground lines of communication (GLOCs) between Belgorod and Russian forces concentrated around Izyum, although Russia is using several GLOCs, including some further away from current Ukrainian positions than any Ukrainian counteroffensive is likely to reach soon." Meanwhile, pro-Kremlin Russian bloggers have severely criticised their military for the fiasco of the Siverskyi Donets river crossing last week. Ukraine launched a devastating attack on Russian forces as they sought to cross the river, wiping out almost the entire unit. DON'T MISSBritain to host Eurovision next year as Ukraine unlikely to be able  [NEWS]Putin humiliated as Ukraine strikes back with counter offensive [SPOTLIGHT]Putin humiliated as 1,015 occupied positions retaken & 200 planes DOWN [REVEAL] The milbloggers have social media followings that run into the hundreds of thousands and are seen as influential public opinion shapers. However, they sharply criticised the Russian army leadership for failing to learn from their war experiences. The attempted river crossing showed a stunning lack of tactical sense as satellite images showed destroyed Russian vehicles tightly bunched up at both ends of the damaged pontoon bridge. This clearly allowed Ukrainian artillerymen to kill hundreds and destroy scores of vehicles with concentrated strikes. ISW researchers believe that the bloggers criticism could "fuel burgeoning doubts in Russia about Russia’s prospects in this war and the competence of Russia’s military leaders (at least)."