Chelsea have finally been taken over by a consortium led by American investor Todd Boehly after months of uncertainty at Stamford Bridge. And he has made a transfer promise to fans as he revealed he would “invest in the club” and commit to “acquiring the best talent”. “We’re all in - 100 per cent - every minute of every match,” Boehly said after the deal had been completed. “Our vision as owners is clear: we want to make the fans proud. Along with our commitment to developing the youth squad and acquiring the best talent, our plan of action is to invest in the club for the long-term and build on Chelsea’s remarkable history of success.” Boehly’s words will unequivocally delight Blues fans across the land. And Express Sport takes a look at five exciting signings the club could now make. Declan Rice Declan Rice was part of the Chelsea academy but was released nine years ago. And the Blues will surely have been regretting their decision in recent years. The 23-year-old has lit up the Premier League for the Hammers and has also been a key part of Gareth Southgate’s England side. Rice, who is contracted to West Ham until 2024, has been linked with the likes of Manchester United and Liverpool as well as Chelsea. But the Blues would send out a clear statement of intent if they could come out on top of that transfer battle. Jude Bellingham Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will be desperate to bolster his midfield, with concerns over the long-term fitness of N’Golo Kante, who was hit by a series of injuries last season. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is one of the best young midfielders in the world and has been backed to return to England and sign for Liverpool. But the west Londoners could now pull out all the stops to entice him to Stamford Bridge instead. And he would surely be a big hit at the club after illustrating what he can do during his time in the Bundesliga. Lautaro Martinez Chelsea are in need of a striker who can consistently put the ball in the back of the net. Tuchel thought Romelu Lukaku was the man to lead the Chelsea frontline when he persuaded club chiefs to shell out a whopping £97.5million for the ace last summer. But Lukaku has flopped during his second spell at Stamford Bridge and could be set to depart before next season. Lukaku’s former Inter Milan team-mate Lautaro Martinez has enjoyed another impressive season in Serie A. And he has reportedly become a transfer target for Tuchel. Martinez bagged 25 goals for Inter last season and is the sort of player who could excel in the all-action fast-paced Premier League. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next seasonMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and NaniLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement  Christopher Nkunku RB Leipzig striker Christopher Nkunku is another player who had no issues finding the back of the net last season. The 24-year-old scored a remarkable 35 goals for his team during the 2021/22 campaign, with seven of those coming in his six Champions League appearances. Nkunku also provided 20 assists for his team-mates. And with those sort of statistics to back up his talent, the France international could be in line for a mega-money move to the Premier League this summer. Jules Kounde Chelsea could also do with a defender, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen set to head for pastures new this summer. The Blues were desperate to land Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde last summer, but a move never materialised. The 23-year-old has two years remaining on his contract in Spain. But if Chelsea are willing to splash the cash, they could finally get their hands on him in the coming months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 