Aurelien Tchouemeni can follow in the footsteps of Eden Hazard by also choosing to join the European champions with both Liverpool and Real Madrid vying for his services. The Monaco star is one of Europe's most coveted midfielders and is said to have already 'reached an agreement' with both clubs ahead of a summer move. Tchouemeni has dazzled for Monaco in Ligue 1 this season, racking up five goals and three assists in 50 appearances for the French giants. Unsurprisingly, his form has attracted some big-name suitors, and now the 22-year-old is seemingly poised to leave France, with a new report from RMC Sport claiming that Tchouemeni has.agreements in place with both Liverpool and Real Madrid. And with both of this season's Champions League finalists interested in acquiring Tchouemeni, the midfield maestro can follow Hazard's lead. The Belgian winger famously tweeted a decade ago "I'm joining the Champions League winners," shortly after Chelsea clinched their first-ever European crown to end the speculation over his future. Hazard went on to enjoy a trophy-laden stint at Stamford Bridge - although he failed to win the Champions League himself with the Blues. However, Tchouemeni can emulate Hazard and even go one further with his next move, with both Liverpool and Real seemingly primed to challenge for top honours for years to come. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Neville twists knife in Liverpool wounds with Fergie joke Real Madrid have courted the £67million-rated midfielder for months, and are now finally in a position to meet Tchouemeni's demands after their spectacular bid to lure Kylian Mbappe to the Bernabeu imploded at the weekend. And with the Spanish giants able to up their offer to the Monaco star - who was crowned as Ligue 1's young player of the year last season - it is now ‘almost certain' that the French international will make the switch to Madrid after snubbing an offer from Paris Saint-Germain. Liverpool had appeared to be in the driving seat for Tchouemeni before Real missed out on Mbappe, but although the Reds are still in the running for the former Bordeaux star, they expect to miss out on sealing a deal for one of France's hottest young prospects. DON'T MISS: Man Utd’s worst four players as Crystal Palace ruin last Rangnick gameErik ten Hag 'shakes head' at Man Utd star as new boss watches onMaguire breaks silence on Ten Hag and says what Man Utd squad think Tchouemeni has developed into a star for both club and country over the past 18 months and he has even been endorsed by Paul Pogba, one of France's biggest names, in recent times. His international team-mate even hinted that he'd love to play alongside the Monaco star at club level in the future, with Pogba also expected to be on the move this summer when he leaves Manchester United. Pogba previously told RTL: "Very, very good. He’s not a boy, he’s a man. It’s a pleasure to play next to him. He brings a lot of energy. A lot of energy, extraordinary technical and physical quality. We wish him to play a lot more games and that I am always by his side."