Anne Robinson announced she was leaving the Channel 4 flagship show after joining in 2021 as the first-ever female presenter. In a statement, she explained she would be stepping away to focus on spending time with her grandchildren and other projects. Now her departure has been announced, rumours about who will take over the role have already begun, with Pointless star Richard Osman being the bookmaker's favourite. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Countdown chiefs will have their pick of a whole host of stars if the latest odds are anything to go by, but as things stand, it's Richard Osman who leads the way in the race to replace Anne Robinson." He added: "However, given the success of 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown, we wouldn't at all be surprised to see Jon Richardson get the gig." Currently, Richard's odds stand at 3/1, with Susan Calman and Alex Horne close on his heels with odds of 4/1. Victoria Coren Mitchell is also in the running with odds of 9/2, and Jon Richardson coming last with 11/2 odds. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Speaking about her departure from the show, Anne told Daily Mail: "It’s like strawberries and cream – the perfect marriage. "I have had a blast – we have taken the ratings up and transformed the guests too. "We no longer have northern newsreaders in Dictionary Corner – we have had a raft of top celebrities. "But I have made up my mind to quit the show. I only signed on for a year, and I have helped them out by doing about 40 shows, more than my contract. "I am moving on because I’ve got a lot going on, grandchildren, a big garden, an apartment in New York, and I want to enjoy them. Countdown has taken up more time than I thought it would. "It is great fun, but it is intense. I go up [to Media City in Salford], and we do 15 shows in three 11-hour days. "I’m built to last, so I don’t really mind, but it does take up quite a chunk of my time." A spokesperson for the Channel 4 daytime show gushed over Anne after the announcement of her leaving, saying: "Quick-witted Anne has been a brilliant host on this iconic show." DON'T MISS...Rachel Riley tight-lipped as Anne Robinson admits they 'didn't speak' [INSIGHT]Why did Anne Robinson quit Countdown? [LATEST]Richard Madeley blasts 'rude' Anne Robinson after Countdown exit [MORE] After her announcement, her fellow Countdown colleagues Susie Dent and Rachel Riley wished her their well-wishes on their Twitter accounts. Susie said: "Some Countdown news. Wishing Anne all the very best in her new adventures with her grandchildren and beyond." Rachel retweeted the post made by Susie, which comes after rumours of a rift between the mathematician and the host. A source previously told The Sun Anne "silenced" Rachel's microphone during the show after she branded the math whizz "too loud" and was annoyed by her timekeeping. However, Anne quashed the rumours telling Daily Mail: "I’m not saying I would go on holiday with Rachel Riley, but she is brilliant. "Absolutely honestly, I do admire her, she is really good at what she does, as is Susie Dent. Rachel has just come back from having a baby, and she is standing throughout and faultless, whereas I get to sit down. "She is noisy, yes, she and Susie both are – they are a formidable pair, those two. But there isn’t a question of my going because of a rift, that’s nonsense. "The way that it’s filmed is so tight that... we don’t have time to talk to each other." Countdown airs weekdays from 2:10pm on Channel 4.