The 31-year-old copywriter's creation might look like a mere trifle but it earned her a place in British food history after scooping first place in a nationwide competition to find a dish fit to mark Her Majesty's 70-year reign. Jemma's Lemon Swiss Roll and Amaretti Trifle beat off competition from almost 5,000 entries, including four other finalists. It will now be the sweet to eat at street parties and other gettogethers during The Big Jubilee Lunch over the double Bank Holiday weekend next month. TV chefs Dame Mary Berry and Monica Galetti and Fortnum and Masons pastry chef Roger Pizey unanimously judged Jemma the winner on BBC One's The Jubilee Pudding; 70 Years in the Baking. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was there to give her a hug and tell her: "Many congratulations." Thrilled Jemma, from Southport, said: "Oh my. I have to tell my grandma first. "She is the person that taught me how to bake and I am so excited to tell her. "I'm so happy. The thought of people recreating my pudding, especially around the Jubilee, is just a total pleasure." Her victory paves the way for her recipe to become a part of British food history, following dishes such as Coronation Chicken - otherwise known as Poulet Reine Elizabeth and designed for the Queen’s Coronation banquet in 1953 - and Victoria Sponge, named after the Queen’s illustrious ancestor who enjoyed a regular slice of sponge cake with her afternoon tea. The winning trifle, which can be easily recreated by people at home, contains lemon curd Swiss roll on the bottom, St Clement’s jelly, lemon custard, amaretti biscuits, mandarin coulis, fresh whipped cream, candied peel, chocolate shards and crushed amaretti biscuits. It was partly inspired by one of the Queen’s favourite puddings, lemon posset. Roger said: "I really think we'll be making Jemma's trifle for at least the next 50 to 100 years." Dame Mary, who chaired the judging panel, said: “It’s absolutely wonderful. I think Britain is going to be so delighted and the Queen too.”   Asked about her inspiration Jemma, who lives with her long-term partner, James, and their rescue-dog Bella, said: “My inspiration is both my gran and my nan. “My gran is with us but sadly my nan is not, they are both extremely important to me. My gran taught me how to bake but my nan’s signature dish was a trifle. “A wonderful, poised lady, just like our Queen she used to make a wonderful trifle, but hers was laced with sherry and decorated with kiwi fruit and flaked chocolate but this trifle is elevated and fit for the Queen herself.” Asked what she plans to do for the Jubilee weekend she said: “I’m going to be making my recipe for my gran at her street party.”  We have printed the recipe for Daily Express readers today. But it will also be available at www.bbc.co.uk/food, www.thebigjubileelunch.com and www.fortnumandmason.com - website of the food store that oversaw the contest.  Prep time: over 2 hours Cook time: 35 minutes Serves: 20 For this recipe you need two Swiss roll tins, measuring approximately 24x34cm/ 9½x13½in and a 3.5 litre/6 pint trifle dish  For the Swiss rolls: 4 large free-range eggs, 100g/3½oz caster sugar, plus extra for dusting, 100g/3½oz self-raising flour, sieved butter for greasing For the lemon curd: 4 large free-range egg yolks, 135g/4¾oz granulated sugar, 85g/3oz salted butter, softened, 1 lemon - zest only, 80ml/2½fl oz fresh lemon juice For St Clement's jelly: 6 gelatine leaves, 4 unwaxed lemons, 3 oranges, 150g/5½oz golden caster sugar For the custard: 425ml/15fl oz double cream, 3 large free-range egg yolks, 25g/1oz golden caster sugar, 1 tbsp cornflour, 1 tsp lemon extract For amaretti biscuits: 2 free-range egg whites, 170g/6oz caster sugar, 170g/6oz ground almonds, 1 tbsp amaretto butter or oil, for greasing For the chunky mandarin coulis: 4 x 397g tinned mandarins, 45g/1¾oz caster sugar, arrowroot, lemon juice For the jewelled chocolate bark: 50g/1¾oz mixed peel, 1 tbsp caster sugar (optional), 200g/7oz white chocolate, broken into pieces  You will need 600ml/20fl oz double cream 1. To make the Swiss rolls: preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4. Grease and line the two Swiss roll tins with baking paper. In a large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar for five minutes or until light and pale. Using a metal spoon, fold in the flour and divide between the two tins and bake for 10-12 minutes or until sponges are lightly golden and cooked through. 2. Sprinkle some extra caster sugar on two sheets of baking paper then turn the sponges out on to the sugared paper. Peel off the paper from the underside and, while still warm, roll them both up from the short end into a tight spiral using the paper to help. Leave to cool. 3. To make the lemon curd, place the egg yolks, granulated sugar, butter, lemon zest and lemon juice in a glass bowl over a saucepan of simmering water (don't let the bowl touch the water). Whisk until combined and continuously as the curd cooks until thickened in 15 minutes. Pour into a clean bowl and set aside to cool. 4. To make the St Clement's jelly, soak the gelatine leaves in cold water for five minutes to soften. Peel six strips from a lemon and six from an orange and put into a pan with the sugar and 400ml/14fl oz water. Simmer over a medium heat, stirring occasionally until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and discard the peel. Squeeze the water out of the gelatine and stir into the pan until dissolved then cool. Squeeze the lemons and oranges, so you have 150ml/5fl oz of lemon and orange juice. Stir into the pan, then strain the jelly through a fine sieve into a jug and chill until cool but not set.  5. To make the amaretti biscuits, preheat the oven to 180C/160C fan/ Gas 4. In a large bowl, beat the egg whites until firm. Mix in the sugar and almonds gently, add the amaretto and fold in gently until you have a smooth paste. 6. Place baking paper on a baking tray and lightly brush with butter or oil. Using a teaspoon, place small heaps of the mixture 2cm/¾in apart, as they will expand during cooking. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. Allow to cool. 7. To make the chunky mandarin coulis, strain two tins of mandarins and put the fruit into a saucepan with the sugar. Heat gently until broken down. Remove from the heat. In a small bowl, stir the arrowroot with two tablespoons of cold water to make a paste, then add to the warm mandarins. Add the lemon juice and mix well before pouring into a large bowl. Strain the remaining two tins of mandarins and add the fruit to the bowl then leave to cool completely. 8. To make the jewelled chocolate bark, if the peel feels wet or sticky, roll in the caster sugar to absorb any moisture. Melt the white chocolate in a bowl sitting over a saucepan of gently simmering water. Pour the white chocolate on to a baking tray lined with baking paper and scatter over the mixed peel. Leave to set and then break into shards. 9. To assemble, unroll the cooled Swiss rolls and spread with the lemon curd. Roll back up again and slice one into 2.5cm/1in slices and place upright around the bottom edge of the trifle dish so the swirl is visible. Slice the other Swiss roll into thicker pieces and use these to fill the bottom of the dish, ensuring the top is roughly the same level as the slices that line the edge. Use off-cuts of sponge to fill any gaps. 10. Pour the St Clement's jelly over the Swiss roll layer and set aside in the fridge to completely set for three hours. Then pour over the custard, arrange a single layer of amaretti biscuits, keeping a few back for the top. Pour over the mandarin coulis. In a large bowl, whip the double cream until soft peaks form and then spoon this over the coulis. Crumble over the reserved amaretti biscuits and decorate with the chocolate bark shards. You can use ready-made versions for most of the components. Courtesy of Fortnum & Mason. More tips at fortnumandmason.com 