John Aylward, who is known for playing Dr Donald Anspaugh on ER, and Barry Goodwin on The West Wing, died at his home in Seattle on Monday. His wife Mary Fields confirmed the news, with his family saying he had been in declining health. The actor's talent agency said in a statement they had received a "devastating call" from the actor's wife. In a tribute post, they penned: "Received a devastating call from Mary Fields, John Aylward's wife. "This kind man and wonderful actor has left us. Very grateful to have known and worked with you, sir. RIP" A specific cause of death has not been released. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman puts on very busty display at Top Gun premiere John's agent Michael Stubbs described the actor as a "kind and wonderful man". He told Deadline: “I was shocked. He was a wonderful actor and a phenomenal human being. “He was a dream client, a friend and a dream person.” John had a career that spanned over four decades and included dozen of television roles. Tributes have poured in for the beloved actor, as social media users offered their condolences. Twitter user, Barzin tweeted: "RIP to the Great John Aylward, a true Seattle Theatre icon. Truth be told, I can trace my love and desire to become a Shakespearean actor to a performance by John." Shuttlecraft wrote: "Very sad to hear that John Aylward has died. I was so fortunate to have appeared on stage with him and to have been out on the golf course with him as well. He was a great guy." Kim offered: "Seattle actor extraordinaire, super nice guy, and one of the best characters on ER. I’m sad to hear of his passing. May his memory be a blessing."  The on-screen star joined ER during the show's third season and is best remembered for his role in the iconic series. In the West Wing, John played NC chairman Barry Goodwin, an advisor to President Matt Santos. The actor also appeared in 3rd Rock From the Sun, Ally McBeal and The X-Files, among others. Most recently, he was seen on Shameless and Yellowstone.