Escape to the Chateau has been airing at weekends on Channel 4, with Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree fixing up their idyllic home in the repeat episodes. The French chateau has become a global icon, with viewers across the world lining up to take a look inside. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the venue is available for weddings and visits. Escape to the Chateau fans have been watching Dick and Angel's social media pages for insight into the latest upgrades at the stunning venue. The renovation project has been going on for years, with the pair's home doubling up as a venue for weddings and other events. Dick and Angel love to entertain, but they also keep their home closed to the public when formal events are not taking place. They offered an update on whether the chateau was open for new bookings. Their website says: "In 2020 we made the tough decision to close the Chateau for weddings and events. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked "Initially, like many, we were expecting to be back up and running in 2021. However, it was just not meant to be. "Our gorgeous brides felt the pressures and uncertainty of the unknown, and we felt it is our duty and responsibility to play our part in keeping everyone safe. "This has caused some delays and ‘date juggling’ for, 2021 and beyond (to quote Buzz Lightyear?), but we are currently in the final stages of working this all out. "If you are in our system, know we will be in touch very soon with new dates, and thank you for being patient." With this in mind, it seems the pair are still working their way through a backlog of events. The website added: "We are currently on a two-year weddings 'catch-up’, we will reopen enquiries as soon as we can!" At this moment in time, there is no knowing when the opportunity will arise for new bookings. Sadly some of the other experiences are unavailable at the moment, including the Chateau Under the Stars package. The same can be said for the Working Garden Days, which are fully booked. The chateau's popularity comes as no surprise as the Channel 4 series has become a global hit. DON'T MISS... Dick Strawbridge hits back at claims his children are 'spoilt' [DISCUSSION] Escape to the Chateau: Will there be an Angel and Dick travel show? [INSIGHT] Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO] On the site's frequently asked questions page, Dick and Angel shared a statement about the Chateau Under the Stars experience during the height of the coronavirus pandemic. They said: "In light of the current climate, we have made the tough decision to keep The Chateau closed for weddings and events at the moment. "We feel it is our duty and responsibility to play our part in keeping everyone safe. "Without an end date in sight, nor a date we know the world can get back to normal and hug again, we cannot take on any new enquiries." As Covid restrictions have now been lifted and the world is returning to normal, there is hope the backlog will be tackled soon. Weddings at the chateau have started to take place for those who booked before the pandemic. The pair shared some snaps from a recent wedding at the chateau on Instagram, saying: "Weddings at The Chateau are back! "A very good morning to you from Angel & Dick! We’re still on a high from Victoria & Natasha's wedding! "Just picking the last flowers for our next wedding…it’s truly glorious how every bride is different and unique. It’s such an honour to be part of their day!"  Escape to the Chateau airs on Sundays on Channel 4.