Deborah James, 40, announced the news in a heartbreaking post that she had been moved to hospice care as her "body simply isn't playing ball". The BBC broadcaster took to Instagram today and shared her gratitude as her fund has surpassed £1 million in donations. Deborah took to her Instagram story earlier today and shared a screenshot of the BowelBabe Fund page, with the total at the time being £642,930. The post read: "I'm utterly blown away by your generosity over the last 12 hours! To think you have raised over £600k for vital research it just filling me with so much love. You are the kindest people. Thank you." The updated total at present is £1,293,567. In view of her 467,000 followers, she penned: "I never in my wildest dreams thought we'd be waking up to this total 12 hours later. "I'm actually crying! Because I know we can continue to help fund some really vital projects @cr_uk @royalmarsden and at @bowelcanceruk with this money." READ MORE: Piers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat Her new charity fund, Bowelbabe Fund is for Cancer Research UK, with all donations going to the organisation. Deborah has been battling stage four bowel cancer since she was diagnosed in December 2016, being told early that she might not live beyond five years. She took to Instagram to share the heartbreaking message that she was being moved to a hospice as her body is unable to fight anymore. Deborah penned: "The message I never wanted to write. We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. "My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. "Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams. She continued: "I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore. "In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school - I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me. "But I don’t think anyone can say the last 6 months has been exactly kind! It’s all heartbreaking to be going through but I’m surrounded by so much love that if anything can help me through I hope that will." DON'T MISS... Dennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death [INSIGHT] Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic [PICTURES] Charlene White praises ITV co-star Deborah James for 'still fighting' [COMMENT] Deborah then mentioned her new funding page, Bowelbabe Fund. She continued: "I always knew there was one thing I always wanted to do before I died. I have always over the years raised as much awareness and money for the charities that are closest to me. @cr_uk @royalmarsden @bowelcanceruk. "As a result, the @bowelbabefund is being established and I’d love nothing more than for you to help it flourish. Please visit bowelbabe.org for all the info and to donate (link in Bio). "All I ask is if you ever read a column, followed my Instagram, listened to the podcast or saw me dressed as a poo for no reason. "Please buy me a drink to see me out of this world, by donating the cost to @bowelbabefund which will enable us to raise funds for further life saving research into cancer. To give more Deborah’s more time! "Right now for me, it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. "My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment!" Deborah shares Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12, with her husband Sebastien Bowen.