Prince Harry and Meghan Markle married in an iconic royal wedding at St George's Chapel in 2018. Meghan wore a bespoke wedding gown designed by Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy, and she finished off her look with the Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara that previously belonged to the Queen's paternal grandmother Queen Mary, wife of King George V. Like many of the Queen's tiaras, Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara started life as another jewellery item altogether. Fiona Wellington, jewellery expert and founder of Myne London, told Express.co.uk: "Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth’s grandmother was a tiara connoisseur and great advocate for jewellery re-building and restructuring. "There are several tiaras which are believed to be broken down to create other pieces and Duchess of Sussex Meghan's incredible bandeau was one of them having not been seen publicly since the 1960s. "This tiara began life in 1893 as a broach! But was created in 1932 into a stunning clean lined diamond and platinum 11 piece bandeau tiara."  READ MORE: Moving day for Queen as Margaret's granddaughter turns 20 1610431 Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara has a distinctly Art Deco theme and it is bejewelled by several pave set brilliant diamonds in varying sizes. Ms Wellington added: "Such a wonderful choice for The Duchess of Sussex, this simple elegant yet incredibly beautiful and valuable piece suited her elegant timeless dress with a clean simple silhouette and her other pieces of Cartier jewellery- all of which came from or nods back to the Art Deco period." Meghan explained in an audio recording for the royal wedding outfits exhibition at Windsor Castle in 2019 that it was "surreal" picking a tiara for her wedding day. She said: "When it came to the tiara on the day I was very fortunate to be able to choose this very gorgeous Art Deco-style bandeau tiara.   "Harry and I had gone to Buckingham Palace to meet with Her Majesty The Queen to select one of the options that were there, which was an incredibly surreal day, as you can imagine. "That was the one that I think as we tried them on stood out; I think it was just perfect because it was so clean and simple, and I think also at that point an extension to what Clare and I had been trying to do with the dress, which was have something that could be so incredibly timeless but still feel modern." The tiara is thought to be worth in excess of £2million, and Meghan was surely honoured to have been loaned the special piece by her grandmother-in-law for her big day.  DON'T MISS:Bulgari creates 'showstopper' emerald tiara inspired by the Queen [PICTURES]Princess Margaret's wedding dress 'had everyone awestruck' - 'iconic' [INSIGHT]Princess Margaret snubbed Queen on wedding day with £1.6m tiara [ANALYSIS] The jewellery expert added: "It was loaned to her by the ever-generous Queen but the Duchess made it her own as the perfect modern bride. "Tiaras are always an exciting reveal as royals do not wear them until their wedding day and it’s exciting to see which one will get chosen. "This was a superb choice for the ever-stylish Meghan." Ms Wellington added that the tiara is valued at "around £2.5million." 