The Sky presenter grilled the Shadow Levelling Up Secretary over claims Keir Starmer broke coronavirus lockdown laws by having a beer and curry at a campaign event. Lisa Nandy refused to entertain the question of whether the Labour leader should resign if he is issued a Fixed Penalty Notice. Allies of Sir Keir insisted that the curry was consumed between work events, meaning it was within the rules despite the ban on indoor socialising. Ms Nandy told Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday: "The tweet that calls for Boris Johnson to resign came at a time when the Prime Minister was under investigation for 12 separate gatherings at Downing Street which he denied for months had even happened let alone that he was there and only came clean when he was caught. "This included karaoke parties, bring your own bottle parties, leaving drinks, celebration drinks. "It's absurd to equate that to a work visit with planned breaks to eat. It was not illegal to eat. "The reason we're talking about it is because this Government is desperate and they are throwing mud at the Labour Party to deflect from their failures." READ MORE: Keir Starmer blasted for misleading public over 'pre-planned' event Ms Ridge interjected: "The reason we're talking about it is because the leader of the Opposition is being investigated by the police!" The Labour leader's assertion came as a leaked memo indicated the takeaway in Durham had been planned as part of his itinerary for the day of campaigning in April 2021 and, no further work was scheduled after the dinner. Senior Tories accused Sir Keir of hypocrisy over the row after the Labour leader had demanded the Prime Minister's resignation over alleged lockdown breaches in No 10. At the time of the Durham gathering, non-essential retail and outdoor venues including pub gardens were open, but social distancing rules - which included a ban on indoor mixing between households - remained in place. Sir Keir previously said no restaurants or pubs were open at the time of the alleged breach so "if you didn't get a takeaway then our team wasn't eating that evening". Labour has also indicated that Sir Keir was working, so the meal did not constitute a social event. The leaked memo published by the Mail on Sunday showed that the dinner in Durham had been listed on the schedule for Sir Keir's day in April 2021 during the local election and Hartlepool by-election campaigns. The document states that there would be a "dinner in Miners Hall" with City of Durham MP Mary Foy from 8.40pm to 10pm - and a note indicates a member of staff in Sir Keir's office was to arrange the takeaway curry from the Spice Lounge. DON'T MISS Andrew Neil says Labour stand 'much better' chance in next election [VIDEO]Starmer faces calls to resign as Abbott and Corbyn weigh in [INSIGHT]Zahawi slams Starmer’s ‘hypocrisy’ over demands PM quit [ANALYSIS] The only business listed after the dinner is for Sir Keir to walk back to his hotel - he has previously claimed he "paused for food" and continued working after the meal, saying "the idea that nobody works at 10 o'clock at night is absurd". Separately, a source who was present told the Sunday Times :"It has been claimed that Starmer worked during the curry and then after the curry. None of those two things happened. He did not go back to work to the best of my knowledge." The source said some of those present were not working at all, and "were just there for a jolly". A spokesman for the Leader of the Opposition's office said: "Keir was working, a takeaway was made available in the kitchen, and he ate between work demands. No rules were broken."