Her Majesty is gearing up to celebrate her 70 years on the throne during the upcoming extended bank holiday weekend. But she is also preparing for a more intimate milestone - meeting in person her namesake and great-granddaughter Lili, who is set to travel to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee alongside her brother and parents, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. The Queen is "looking forward" to being reunited with Archie and seeing for the first time face-to-face Lili, according to sources who spoke to the Daily Mail. And she is likely to spend time with them privately on June 4, when Meghan and Harry's daughter turns one. However, another source has warned it will be difficult for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to host a small gathering with other members of the Royal Family on that day, given there are a number of engagements already planned to mark the Jubilee. They told The Sun: "Harry and Meghan will want to celebrate Lilibet's birthday somehow with their family. "But diaries are full on Saturday. "There isn't much wriggle room to fit in a birthday party for a one-year-old." The Queen, a known horse racing fan, has been tipped to head to Epsom Derby - if her mobility issues allow it - despite not having a horse taking part in the contest this year. In the evening, younger members of the Firm will likely head to Buckingham Palace for the much-anticipated televised concert. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced earlier this month their return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's historic year. This announcement was released a few minutes after Buckingham Palace had shared the news the monarch would only invite on the balcony of her London residence to watch the Trooping the Colour parade and the following RAF flypast full-time working royals. This means Meghan and Harry, as well as a number of other members of the Royal Family including Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, will miss out on this traditional event. The Queen has also decided to hold another balcony appearance at the end of the Jubilee celebrations, royal sources claimed. Once again, Meghan and Harry would not be part of this event, as it is reportedly open only to royals in the direct line to the throne to showcase the future of the monarchy. The Queen, sources told the Mirror, "wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy" as the Platinum Pageant comes to an end next Sunday. This means Her Majesty would be accompanied by Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George - the heir, second-in-line and third-in-line to the throne respectively. Future Queen Consorts Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, are also set to join their husbands on the balcony. Kate and William's two younger children - Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - may also join the royals on the balcony, as they are set to become full-time working members of the Firm, but their attendance won't be confirmed until the day itself, it is understood. Buckingham Palace has remained tight-lipped about the details of the daily events taking place from June 2 to June 5. However, a royal source said of the possible balcony appearance on the last day of celebrations: "Her Majesty believes it will send a strong message to the world, that despite the family's trials and tribulations over the past few years, those at the very top are united in getting on with the job, sharing her sense of duty and dedication to serving the people of this country and the Commonwealth." The Platinum Jubilee events will officially kick off at 10am on Thursday, when the Trooping the Colour parade will return to central London after being held for two years in Windsor in a streamlined fashion due to the pandemic. Meghan and Prince Harry are expected to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on the following day. Here, they would be joined by most members of the Firm, including all the Queen's children and grandchildren as well as people not normally in the public eye such as Lady Sarah Chatto and the Earl of Snowdon.