 Chris Packham, Megan McCubbin, Michaela Strachan and Iolo Williams return with the latest series of BBC’s Springwatch. However, one member of the presenting team will be missing, Gillian Burke. Chris spoke to Express.co.uk and other press to explain her absence.     Springwatch returns to BBC Two on Monday at 8pm. The wildlife programme will be on screens for the next three weeks from Monday to Thursday. Gillian was missing from Winterwatch and will not be making her return for the latest instalment. Instead, Megan will be stepping in again to help present the BBC favourite.  Read more: Megan McCubbin details simple tips to encourage wildlife in gardens    Speaking to Express.co.uk, Chris explained why Gillian was unable to join the team this time around. He said: “She’s absent for this series but we are very much hoping that she'll be back ready for Autumnwatch. “It is merely scheduling difficulties. We’ve all had scheduling difficulties this year because of Covid to be quite honest. “So, the last month I've had scheduling nightmares because I am working on several projects and trying to squeeze them in because they’ve all been backlogged due to Covid, they’ve all built up because they’ve been put off.”     “Then we thought well we can finally start it now,” Chris continued. “But it hasn’t proved as easy to start some of our programming as we had hoped. “Certainly, there are restrictions overseas, there are still restrictions which, irrespective of what the government guidelines are, we as programme-makers would respect here in the UK. “When we are interacting with contributors for instance, particularly if they are potentially sensitive contributors, then we are still very strict about our Covid protocols and that means that there are certain handicaps.” DON'T MISSChris Packham admits disagreements with Megan over Springwatch outfits [INSIGHT]Chris Packham worried co-star after illness caused Springwatch absence [INTERVIEW]Chris Packham health: Star was on the brink of addiction [INSIGHT]  Chris revealed the Springwatch team are hoping to welcome Gillian back in autumn. He added: “So, things got backlogged and confused and there are a lot of scheduling difficulties. “Fingers crossed everything will be sorted and Gillian will be back with us for Autumnwatch. “We are very fortunate that Megan is on hand to stand in, but at the same time Gillian is still very much a part of the team.”     Prior to Gillian’s absence from Winterwatch 2021, the presenter was set up at WWT Castle Espie in Northern Ireland for two previous series. In the coming days, Megan will be enjoying a road trip across the North of England. Meanwhile, Chris and Michaela will be back at Wild Ken Hill in Norfolk and Iolo returns to the Isle of Mull. Springwatch returns to BBC Two on Monday at 8pm.   