The itchiness of the condition saw Theo scratch himself so much that his bedsheets and pyjamas are left covered in blood. The boy, called Theo Mills, has to share a bed with his parents so they can hold his hands down to stop him from scratching his face. When Theo scratches at the eczema, it causes his face to bleed.  The family have set up a gofundme.com page for donations to get Theo the treatment that he needs.   The 5-year-old boy from Colliers Wood in London has such severe eczema that when he scratches his face his skin becomes, "red raw". The young boy's condition first appeared as red and puffy eyelids, last September. His parents, Jon and Cecilia, initially thought it was hay fever. But when the rash spread to other parts of his body and became dramatically worse, it was clear that he had developed eczema.   Theo's mother and father have brought him to see NHS and private doctors or dermatologists. However, Theo is still without a cure for his condition. Theo's father spoke to The Daily Mirror and said: "We started off by putting gloves on him so that if he did scratch he wouldn’t cut himself with his nails but we realised after a month he was still rubbing at his skin so hard that he was giving himself friction burns. "Then he started using his lower limbs to scratch by bringing up his feet and scratching at his belly or using his chin to scratch at his neck and chest. "We have seen so many doctors and we still don’t know why he has just developed eczema-like this all of a sudden or even what we can do to help him. "We change our bed sheets every day because they are covered in blood and plasma after one night.   "We also change Theo's pyjamas every few hours through the night. "Every morning we strip our bed and wash the sheets at 60 degrees.Some nights we have to change his pyjamas three times a night. "He’s in a lot of pain, he will wake up at night and cry when we stop him from scratching. "We have already had to have a conversation with our neighbours and warn them that we are not beating up our child because it sounds awful what is happening at night. "It’s devastating." 