The controversial royal figure is set to work his way back towards active royal duties ahead of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, claimed Ms Brown. Prince Andrew could use his relationship with his mother, the Queen, to guide his return to royal public life, speculated the royal author. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia. Ms Brown said: “Andrew fully expects to be rehabilitated. He’s not even accepted that he’s going to have to have a quiet few years.”    According to Ms Brown, the Prince is keen to return to his traditional royal status following the removal of his public royal duties. She continued: “Andrew believes, strongly, that he can get back. “I’m told that this is something that he is obsessed with, that he believes is going to happen. “That overdue time he will get back into the mix.” Securing his position with the Queen’s approval would provide Prince Andrew with stability as she is the leading figure of the Royal Family. Ms Brown said: “Of course his mother, right now, is the best route as he sees it. “The Queen’s stature is such that no one is going to say to her you cannot see your son. “Even though she has no desire now to have him seen with her on balconies and understands, knows and wishes for him to not be part of that, he can keep pushing his face in.” Read more: Queen told it would 'positive' to have Harry on Jubilee balcony Prince Andrew permanently stepped down from public royal duties in 2020. The move came after the Prince was accused of child sex abuse by Virginia Giuffre, he has denied all allegations. A civil lawsuit brought against the Prince by Ms Giuffre was settled out of court in 2022 and the royal’s reputation was notably tarnished. As a result of the legal proceedings and concerning allegations, Prince Andrew was also stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, which were returned to the Queen. Don't miss: 'Very little' communication between Prince Harry and William [REPORT]Prince Philip blasted Sussexes over Megxit demands [INSIGHT]Queen makes surprise appearance at Paddington to open new rail line [PICTURE] Prince Andrew made his most recent royal appearance at the Thanksgiving Service in commemoration of the life of Prince Philip. The Prince was seen firmly planted alongside the Queen as he supported the monarch on her walk through Westminster Abbey. Concerning the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee, the Palace has confirmed Prince Andrew will not be included in the balcony appearance. The historic Jubilee balcony appearance will be restricted to working members of the royal family only, which automatically excludes Prince Andrew alongside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.