On Wednesday, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the Daily Telegraph that the dangerous ideology of the Russian President must be eradicated. The Prime Minister compared Putin to the likes of Hitler and Stalin but warned that in the twenty-first century, the Russian leader has more weapons at his disposal.  Not only does Putin have access to a large nuclear arsenal, but he also has the weapon of the internet which has been “infected with millions of instances of fake news”. Mr Morawiecki called for “deputinisation” and said: “Putin’s ‘Russkiy Mir’ (Russian World) ideology is the equivalent of 20th-century communism and Nazism. “It is an ideology through which Russia justifies invented rights and privileges for its country.”  This ideology not only impacts Ukraine but will leak out across the whole of Europe and, according to the Polish leader, must be “rooted out entirely”. On Monday, Russia had its annual Victory Day parade to commemorate those who died in the Second World War and to mark the allied defeat of the Nazis. During such an event, the Russian leader has always seen it as an opportunity to demonstrate Russian strength and power. READ MORE: 'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC The speech given by President Putin is also the perfect opportunity to spread his “monstrous ideology” as he did on Monday, stating that the West were planning an attack on Russia and that the conflict in Ukraine is to defeat Nazism in the country. Mr Morawiecki said that Putin “once again presented to the world the mythology of the Russian victory over Nazism”. He added that the new propaganda “describes the aggression against Ukraine as an operation to ‘denazify’ the country.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Do you think cyclists or drivers should have priority? (POLL)Key group of Aussie voters turn against Prime Minister Scott Morrison (INSIGHT)Huge protest as DUP collapses Stormont in furious (REACTION)   In the eyes of the Polish PM, the West has been too complacent with the growing threat of Russia and Putin’s ideologies that he likens to “20th-century communism and Nazism”. He said: “Putin is neither Hitler nor Stalin. Unfortunately, he is more dangerous. “If Europe does not stop him, Putin will march Russian forces further into Europe. “It is up to us to decide where we stop [Russia].” 