Over the past week, fans have been invested in the Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney trial, which has been dubbed the Wagatha Christie court case. The £3million High Court case, which ended on Thursday, saw Jamie Vardy's wife taking Coleen to court for libel. Rebekah is suing Coleen after the mother of four accused her of leaking information from her private Instagram account to The Sun. However, during Friday's Lorraine, the host made a cheeky swipe at Rebekah and Coleen while chatting about the high-profile court case. She asked her guest, Lauren: "It's quite remarkable how what advice would you have given to them in the first place? "What would you have said to them, Lauren?" "Don't go to court," Lauren replied as Lorraine added in agreement: "Thank you!" READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist The host continued: "I think anybody would have said that, wouldn't we? "We would have said, 'Sit down, crack open a bottle of prosecco and get over yourselves.'" "Have a hug," Lauren told the host. "Move on." "We are expecting this verdict, what do you think they should do regardless of the outcome?" Lorraine went on to ask. "How do they recover from this?" Lauren concluded: "I think regardless of the outcome, I think their reputations are kind of destroyed. "I think Coleen is definitely going to come out better than Rebekah." On the penultimate day of the trial, the court heard how Coleen posted fake stories to her Instagram, which she told the court were designed to "trap" Rebekah. Coleen explained how she carried out a months-long "sting operation" and accused Rebekah of leaking "false stories" about her private life to the press. DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [INSIGHT]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [NEWS] However, Rebekah has always firmly denied the accusations and is suing Coleen for libel. The wife of Wayne defended her claims on the basis that her statement in a social media post in October 2019 was "substantially true". On Thursday, Rebekah arrived at the court alone for the final day, as Coleen and Wayne took their children on holiday. However, within half an hour of the trial, the footballer's wife reportedly stormed out of the court case within minutes of Coleen's lawyer beginning his closing argument.  Lawyer David Sherborne accused Rebekah of destroying evidence and "lying under oath". Coleen's lawyer accused her of tampering with evidence by intentionally deleting WhatsApp messages between herself and her agent Caroline Watt. Rebekah's barrister Hugh Tomlinson QC's in his closing statement, claimed "serious harm" had been caused to his client's reputation. In closing submissions, Mr Tomlinson set out to Mrs Justice Steyn, who is presiding over the trial, why Rebekah should win the case. He told the judge Coleen “did not need to make a post” about Rebekah Vardy as it was “not in the public interest”. Mrs Justice Steyn has reserved her judgment and it will be handed down on a date to be fixed. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. 