Barcelona will reportedly only sell Arsenal target Memphis Depay this summer if they can sign a replacement first. The Spanish side's manager Xavi remains intent on adding more firepower to his attack over the coming months, however is understood to be open to retaining Depay in the event that the La Liga giants miss out on their top striking targets. According to Sport, Xavi is hopeful of acquiring a new centre-forward this summer and the next few weeks could be telling. Due to the club's financial complexities, any new arrivals would result in the need to offload some of the club's misfiring stars from the current crop. Among those is Depay, who has found himself heavily linked with both Arsenal and Juventus in recent months. However, the Spanish outlet claim that Xavi will only allow the Dutchman to depart should he land one of his striking targets first. Should the club fail on that front, the Barca boss is understood to be in no rush to sell the forward this summer and is thought to be open to keeping the 28-year-old at the Nou Camp. The player himself is also understood to be keen on continuing his career in La Liga and fighting for his place. READ MORE: Arsenal signing Serge Gnabry could be bad news for four players after transfer boost  Xavi reportedly appreciates Depay's versatility and feels he could still come good despite his struggles in Spain since joining on a free transfer from French side Lyon last summer. The former Manchester United flop has struck 13 times in 38 appearances this campaign having failed to hold down a starting spot in Barcelona's side. The revelation will likely leave Arsenal desperate for the Blaugrana to bring in some striking reinforcements in order to boost their pursuit of the forward. The Gunners have been linked with bringing Depay back to the Premier League where he spent two unsuccessful seasons with United between 2015 and 2017. DON'T MISSMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani[OPINION]Arsenal have four players Bayern Munich may accept in audacious Serge Gnabry swap deal [COMMENT]Ole Gunnar Solskjaer regrets Man Utd signing Cristiano Ronaldo [REPORT]  Mikel Arteta has made no secret of his desire to add to his attack this summer and Depay is one of a number of options understood to be under consideration at the Emirates. With Xavi having reportedly stated his stance, Arsenal's hopes of signing Depay could well rest on the future of Robert Lewandowski. Barcelona have been heavily linked with the prolific Polish forward, who is understood to be keen on joining Xavi's ranks this summer after eight seasons with Bayern Munich. As it stands, both Lewandowski and Depay will see their current contracts with their respective clubs come to an end next summer. 