The accident happened on the same day as tourism leaders met with British representatives to hit home the "zero tolerance" to so-called drunken tourism in the resort now coronavirus travel restrictions have been eased. Magaluf says it is expecting a big influx of British tourists this summer which will bring the once-renowned party hotspot back to life. But they are stressing there is no way they want to see "disgraceful" scenes of previous years repeated, including fighting involving Brits and drunken escapades. The "balconing" incident is reported to be linked to alcohol consumption. The British man is in hospital with serious injuries after falling from the second floor of an apartment complex in Santa Ponsa which is part of the district of Calvia and Magaluf. According to island newspaper Ultimahora.es, "emergency personnel found the man unconscious and giving off a strong smell of alcohol". He is said to be 50 years of age. "Several patrols from the Civil Guard and Calvià Local Police and a medicalised ambulance travelled to the scene," says the local press. "Upon arrival, emergency personnel found the man unconscious and giving off a strong odour of alcohol. Minutes later, the paramedics managed to stabilise the wounded man and he was transferred in a serious condition to the Son Espases hospital. "The Civil Guard has taken charge of the investigation but everything indicates that the man fell by accident due to the large amount of alcohol that he had ingested." The extent of his injuries are not known. Tourism leaders had only met the same day to discuss the tourist season and how to get rid of "tourism of excesses" once and for all. The Hotel Business Federation of Mallorca (FEHM) and the Calvià Town Hall met with the United Kingdom Ambassador to Spain, Hugh Elliott, and the Consul General Lloyd Millen.. All the parties involved highlighted the return of British family tourism to Palmanova-Magaluf and also to Playa de Palma.  The mayor of Calvià, Alfonso Rodríguez said a significant recovery of the British market is expected but stressed there "will be inflexible in the application of the decree of excesses". President of the FEHM, Maria Frontera said: "Family tourism in the United Kingdom returns again, which is great news, and to this we must add the total agreement between administrations and the private sector to achieve a change in trend and eradicate excess tourism." To influence this type of tourism, the Balearic Government and the British Government have published a brochure to deliver to young British people who come to Mallorca and stay both in hotels and in the tourist rental offer. "The message has to reach everyone to eradicate uncivil behaviour," said the FEHM on Tuesday. Just two years ago, parts of Magaluf had to be closed down because drunken antics were out of control. The resort is now desperate to change its party image and to attract "quality tourism" and is continuing its crackdown on drinking in the street, alcohol offers and pub crawls. Fines will be handed out for any Brits caught flouting the rules and they can be ejected from their hotels. 