Kate Middleton stepped out in Manchester today to attend the official unveiling of the Manchester arena bomb memorial alongside Prince William. The Duchess of Cambridge chose a grey speckled coat dress for the occasion, designed by Michael Kors. The coat dress is not new, in fact, it has been in Kate’s wardrobe for many years. The exact style is the Michael Kors Indigo Twill Coat, and has a retail price of £1,870. It is made from a twill jacquard, in a swing coat style and is from the ready to wear spring 2014 collection. The coat has lapel collars, front button closure, flared skirt, and flap pockets at the hips. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s hair trick to look 'youthful' and 'bring attention' Kate last wore the coat dress in March 2017 for the Service of Dedication, before that, she wore it in May 2016 at the Magic Garden and Anna Freud Centre. The coat dress’ debut was in April 2014 for Anzac Day commemorations, during their royal visit to New Zealand. Royal fashion fans  also spotted bee / honeycomb earrings on the Duchess. The bee is one of the best-known symbols of Manchester and has been an emblem for the city for over 150 years. Many wore bees or changed their social media icons to bees in solidarity for Mancunions after the 2017 terrorist attack. DON'T MISS...Weight warning: Pack of crisps a day could lead to gaining a stone [STUDY]Kate and William ‘looking to emulate Harry and Meg’ with rebranding? [COMMENT]Interior design tips: Most ‘effective’ way to transform a room [EXCLUSIVE] Kate also debuted a new handbag for the occasion, it is said to be by desgner Polene. The exact handbag is the Numéro Sept Mini, and retails for £340. It is handmade in Spain and the website explains its exact deisgn: “The dainty Numéro Sept Mini highlights the perfect duality of leather and gold. “The fluid contours create a refined and timeless signature bag. “The clasp, the central element of the design, plays on the harmonic relationship of the curved and straight lines, and is emphasized by the resistant gold PVD guilding.” To complete the look, Kate opted for navy suede pumps - presumably Emmy London as she has sevearl of the designers shoes in a variety of colours. The Duchess also wore her hair down, in her signiture soft wave, while she kept her makeup neutral. Apart from her engagement ring and the bee earrings, Kate wore a small gold and blue gemstone necklace. The necklace - which is not a new item in the royal’s jewellery box - is designed by Astley Clarke and is called the round stilla lapis lazuli pendant necklace. It costs £160 and Kate has worn it a few times before. One fan commented on Kate’s outfit and tweeted: "Kate is stunning with her @MichaelKors coat dress!!!” Another said: “Beautiful Catherine.”