The tankers from the likes of Tesco, Morrisons and ASDA were photographed at the Navigator Terminals on the banks of the River Thames in Essex. According to Greenpeace, the tankers picked up fuel a short time after a shipment of 330,000 tonnes of diesel was delivered to the site. The facility does however deal with deliveries of fuel from other locations. Greenpeace campaigner Elena Polisano said: “Supermarkets were quick to remove Russian vodka from shelves and rename their chicken Kievs as chicken Kyivs. “Customers will be outraged if supermarkets are asking them to donate to Ukraine at the till but passing their money to Putin at the pump.” The Government has said it will phase out imports of Russian oil products by the end of this year, but in the meantime tankers can continue to come to Britain, reported the Shropshire Star. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London The supermarkets plan to also phase out Russian oil by the end of the year according to the British Retail Consortium (BRC). BRC director of food Andrew Opie said: “Our members are fully committed to phasing out Russian oil in line with the Government’s decision and are working to do so as quickly as possible while ensuring good supply for customers.” But Greenpeace countered: “If Tesco, Sainsbury’s, Asda and Morrisons truly want to stand by Ukraine, they should make sure they’re not filling their pumps with Putin’s diesel that is directly funding his bloody war. “At the very least, they should demand that the Government implement an immediate ban on imports of Russian fossil fuels.” DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT] A recent YouGov poll commissioned by Greenpeace found that almost three-quarters of Brits don’t know supermarkets are selling Russian diesel. Some 71 percent of those subsequently said they wanted sales stopped immediately. Sainsbury’s says it will stop selling Russian diesel by the end of the year. Rhian Bartlett, food commercial director at Sainsbury's, said: "We stand united with the people of Ukraine and have taken a range of steps to show our support - from helping to fund the humanitarian effort on the ground, to removing products from our stores which are 100% sourced from Russia. "We have been working hard to reduce the amount of diesel we sell which comes from Russia since the early days of the conflict." The spokesperson continued: "This is a complex process but we are committed to working together with the rest of the UK fuel industry and Government to support the ban on Russian oil imports, which is due to take effect by the end of this year." Diesel prices have soared to a new record high despite the cut in fuel duty, figures show. The average cost of a litre of the fuel at UK forecourts on Monday was 178.4p, according to Government data. The previous record of 177.5p was set two days before Chancellor Rishi Sunak implemented a 5p per litre cut in fuel duty on March 23. Analysis by the PA news agency revealed that filling up a typical 55-litre family diesel car is around £26 more expensive than it was a year ago. This is due to a 48p per litre rise in average prices. Back in March, Sainsbury's joined other retailers in showing they were against Russia's invasion of Ukraine by removing all products that are 100% sourced from Russia including Russian Standard vodka and Karpayskiye black sunflower seeds.