The Queen can have whatever she wants to eat, and at whatever time she chooses. But despite so much freedom, the monarch is quite set in her ways when it comes to food. Darren McGrady, a former royal chef revealed one of the Queen’s favourite meals and how to make it exactly to her liking. “The Queen was never one for surprises in the kitchen, she liked the same foods, the same dishes, over and over again,” Darren said. “Just every now and again, she would come back from somewhere she’d visited and say ‘I had this dish, I’ve got the recipe, can you make this please?’ “And we’d have to try something different. “But for the most part, it was those tried and tested recipes.” READ MORE: 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error Speaking in a Delish YouTube video, Darren added: “One of the things that really amazed me was the Queen likes her meat well-done. “And chef’s we cook medium-rare all the time. “So it was really, really important that we got a good sear on the steaks, and cooked her steaks well-done. “If ever she was doing a standing rib roast, a prime rib, she always had the first slice, because that meant that meat was well-done on the outside.” DON'T MISS...How to look younger: Get 'firm, tight-looking skin' in 4 steps [GUIDE]Weight loss: Caffeine can ‘make it easier to lose weight’ [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [ASTROLOGY] A dish the Queen is fond of is Gaelic steaks; “beef or venison for the Queen depending on where she was” accompanied by “seasonal vegetables”. If the Royal Family were at Balmoral, Darren said the “parsnip mash” could be added, with parsnips coming directly from the gardens. “And some baby carrots to go with it,” too Darren added. The dish is also served with a sauce, made from onion, mushrooms, heavy cream, chicken stock, marmite, whisky, olive oil, and chopped parsley. When it comes to serving the Queen her meal, Darren explained if the monarch was dining alone, the royal kitchen “could plate” her meal. “But for a banquet, it would go on a big silver tray with ten portions and the potatoes and the vegetables would all be served separate,” the chef said. “The Queen’s not a big eater, just small portions so we couldn’t fill the plate. “And one of these steaks is more than enough [for her].” Four beef tenderloin steaks – mid cut (6oz each) One onion, finely chopped (8oz) One clove of garlic (peeled and chopped) 3oz sliced Baby Bella mushrooms One cup heavy cream Half a Knorr chicken bouillon cube dissolved in half a pint boiling water (or half a pint fresh homemade chicken broth) Quarter of a teaspoon of Marmite Two tbs Whisky Four tbs Olive Oil One tbs finely chopped parsley Salt and pepper 1) Season the beef with salt and pepper and add to a hot pan with two tablespoons of olive oil. 2) Cook over a medium heat for about four minutes on each side. 3) Remove from the pan onto a plate, cover and keep in a warm place. 4) In a sauté pan, add the remaining two tablespoons olive oil and place over a low heat. 5) Add the onion and cook until it softens. Then stir in the mushrooms and garlic and sauté until the mushrooms soften. 6) Stir in the whisky, cream, chicken broth and Marmite and increase the heat to reduce the liquid. 7) When a nice consistency has been created, remove the sauce from the heat and adjust the seasoning. 8) Add the juices from the tenderloins and the chopped parsley and serve over the steaks with more chopped parsley to garnish. 9) Serve over mashed potatoes, and vegetables.