The news of Riverdale’s cancellation has proven divisive, with many fans lamenting the outlandish small-town drama’s imminent conclusion. While much of the main cast had already predicted The CW series would come to an end soon, Archie Andrews star KJ Apa couldn’t help getting emotional after the announcement on Thursday. Riverdale star KJ has shared his thoughts after The CW’s surprise announcement this week confirming the show’s cancellation. It follows several popular series, such as Batwoman and Legacies, also confirmed to be coming to an end earlier this month. “I was a little sad,” he admitted. “I try not to think about it because the more I think about it, the more real it becomes.” Despite his disappointment, he and his co-stars Cole Sprouse, Lili Reinhart and Camila Mendes have often predicted the series would conclude with season seven. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist “I think a lot of us saw it coming, [season] seven most probably being the final season,” he told TVLine. “So it didn’t come as too much of a surprise to me.” The latest season of the Archie Comics-inspired drama has taken even more unexpected turns, as Archie and Betty (Reinhart) deal with mysterious superpowers. KJ hopes his strength and vulnerability will help against their clash against new foe Percival Pickens (Chris O'Shea). The charming newcomer moved to the town at the start of the new season looking for a house when he came across the scorched remains of the Andrews household. He has since made it his mission to mould Riverdale into a utopia of his own making, starting with his appalling proposal to bus the homeless population out of town. Archie and Percival undoubtedly have an epic clash on the horizon, and the town poster boy’s new abilities should prove useful in taking him down. “I’m hoping that it comes down to him and me fighting,” KJ teased. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan details career regret [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon pens sweet email to co-star [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [UPDATE] “But I think it becomes a little more intricate than just a physical battle… “There’s a lot of dark magic. He’s got powers, we’ve got powers. So it’s very Harry Potter meets Stranger Things.” The series has already drawn inspiration from the likes of The X Files, Twin Peaks and serial killer thrillers, so it was only a matter of time before the proceedings turned supernatural. Fans, of course, have at least one more musical episode to look forward to before the series comes to a close, the next being an all-singing, all-dancing adaptation of American Psycho. KJ hinted his co-star Casey Cott, who portrays Kevin Keller “kills it in the musical”. “But unfortunately, I won’t be making too much of an appearance,” he added, though Camila Mendes and his other female co-stars will be “crushing it”. The Archie star has also assured fans not to worry too much about Jughead’s (Cole Sprouse) chances of winning back Betty after reminiscing last episode. “I wouldn’t be worried about that,” he said. “I don’t think that’s gonna happen.” Even so, there is still one more season to go before Riverdale’s epic conclusion, so who knows where the core four will find each other by the series finale? Riverdale season 6 continues Sundays on The CW in the USA and the following Monday on Netflix.