  Actor John Zderko has sadly died in Los Angeles at the age of 60 following complications from his cancer treatment. John was best known for starring in the popular shows Criminal Minds and The Mentalist.      His friend and fellow actor CSI’s Charley Koontz confirmed his death on Thursday to the Hollywood Reporter before describing John as an "excellent actor" in a tribute on social media. He tweeted: "A great friend and an excellent actor gone way too soon. "Thank you so much to @THR and @MikeBarnes4 for giving our friend a true Hollywood sendoff. "And to @captainblackusa for the great idea. Your name in lights one more time, John. Love you pal. RIP." READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial    According to IMDB, John’s last acting role was in the television show Bosch: Legacy, in an episode entitled Chain of Authenticity, which aired just a couple of weeks ago. Additionally, he recently had a part in the film company Bleecker Street’s Breaking, which debuted at the Sundance Film Festival. The star has also appeared in the show 9-1-1: Lone Star, Dirty John and The Player. John spent time in different states growing up, including Ohio, Colorado and New Jersey.    After graduating from UC Irvine, he started taking acting classes at UCLA. He eventually quit his full-time job to pursue acting and started out on stage in Santa Monica at the West of Broadway in Los Angles. He made his on-screen debut in 2005's short Twilight and continued acting all the way into 2022. He is survived by his sister Karen and nephews Jason and Jeff. READ MORE... Matthew Perry has ‘always been in love’ with Friends co-star Courteney [NEWS] Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders [NEWS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [TRIAL UPDATE]       Last Saturday, John’s friend Charley, who some might remember as playing Neil in Dan Harmon’s Community, first broke the news of his death before it was picked up by the Hollywood Reporter. At the time he wrote: “RIP to my friend John Zderko. “A gifted actor, a generous scene partner, one of my best friends and a truly kind person in a world that needs more of them. “Love you, pal. Onward.”    Kevin Kelly replied: “Whaaa? Ugh I’m crestfallen reading this. Great guy. He will be missed.” Fellow actor Dominic Burgess wrote: “Oh Charley, I’m so sorry to read this. Sending love, friend.” “Thank you so much! We met on a movie 10 years ago,” Charley responded. “Isn't it great who the circus brings to us sometimes?” he added with a heart emoji. 