Denis Shapovalov wished Rafael Nadal well for the upcoming French Open after defeating the Spaniard 1-6 7-5 6-2 in the third-round of the Italian Open. The 10-time champion in Rome appeared to be struggling with an injury in the final set and the world No 16 said he wanted to see the 13-time French Open champion recover in time for the clay-court Grand Slam. Shapovalov completed a three-set comeback in two hours and 37 minutes to get his second win over Nadal. The Canadian raised his level following a one-sided first set but the defending champion was struggling in the final set as he could be seen limping and wincing, and the world No 16 admitted he was hoping to see the Spaniard fully fit in time for the upcoming French Open. "I mean it’s obvious to see that something was going on, especially towards the end of the match," he said of the assumption that his opponent was physically hampered in the final set. "I'm sure he was trying to do a good job during the match not to show it but hopefully he’s okay, I know he’s been struggling with the rib a little bit. Hopefully he’s alright for French Open." Confessing that he wanted to see the 13-time French Open champion recover as a fan, he continued: "Obviously I’m a huge fan of his, growing up I watched him play him so many times, growing up I wanted to play and behave like him so definitely super look up to him and hopefully he’s fit for the French." JUST IN: Alcaraz lists what he'd steal from Djokovic, Nadal and Federer   The 23-year-old also said he was glad to recover from a tough start to the match as he clinched his first win over Nadal since their first meeting when he was an 18-year-old wildcard at the Montreal Masters back in 2017, and was ranked outside of the world's top 120. "Yeah I just tried to change something," Shapovalov said of his turnaround in the second set. "He was completely outplaying me at the beginning of the match, obviously the first set, the beginning of the second set. I was just kind of hanging in there so definitely really happy to turn that around." DON'T MISSRussian tennis stars must follow strict rules at French OpenNick Kyrgios declares himself better than Djokovic and Nadal on grassNadal secretive over ATP's Wimbledon meeting - 'Not good to go public'  After his victory over Nadal, Shapovalov has booked himself a quarter-final showdown with Casper Ruud. The pair have only faced off once before in last year's Geneva Open final, with the world No 10 winning 7-6(6) 6-4. "Yeah Casper is extremely difficult, only played him one time in the finals of Geneva also on clay and he got the better of me," Shapovalov said. "He’s an opponent with almost no weaknesses so it’s gonna be another very challenging match for me but I’m just super excited to win today and have another day." 