As the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is the current heir to the throne. He is both the longest-serving and oldest heir apparent in British history. Speaking on Channel 5's Jeremy Vine, royal commentator Andrew Pierce has said that Charles "could abdicate", which is "something to Queen never did". Her Majesty made a pledge before taking the throne to serve the public her whole life, but Mr Pierce noted the Prince of Wales is not bound by the same promise and could consider bowing out at a certain age. Speaking on Jeremy Vine, Mr Pierce said: "The monarch is a symbol for unity. "The Queen, when we've been in great crisis, think of the Covid crisis, she was word perfect when she spoke. "Even talking about we'll meet again". He added: "I think Charles has learnt at the feet of the great monarch, William will learn too, but I suspect that after the Queen, I suspect Charles may do something the Queen never did and abdicate. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Prince William apologise to Kenya for past colonial actions? "[This is] so that we would have a younger heir". The royal commentator recalled the famous speech made by the Queen in 1947, aged just 21. In the speech, then-Princess Elizabeth decared that "whether it [her reign] is long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong". Speaking previously to Podcast Royal, royal biographer Penny Junor claimed that there is “very, very little chance” that Prince William will become the King before Charles. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's Netflix 'blow' sparks questions over Sussexes' return to Royal Family According to the constitutional Monarchy unit, Prince William can never claim the throne before his father. The unit states: "Under common law, Prince Charles will automatically become King the moment the Queen dies. It can only happen if Prince Charles “abdicates” the throne in the near future. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] The Queen's has struggled with her health in past months, in particular her mobility. Her health has meant that she's had to cut back her public duties. Many of her in-person royal appearances either have been cancelled or have been attended, on her behalf, by other members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles. Most recently, Buckingham Palace have confirmed that the Queen will no longer be making an appearance this year during the summer garden party season.