Arsenal will reportedly look to offload seven players in total in the summer transfer window to try and raise funds for their top targets. Mikel Arteta's side were in the driver's seat to finish inside the top four up until last week heading into the north London derby. But defeats to both Tottenham and Newcastle mean Arsenal now face an outside chance of securing Champions League football heading into the final game of the season. Arsenal must now win against Everton to stand a chance of beating Tottenham to a top-four finish. Failing to qualify for the Champions League may well force Arsenal to work on their targets for the summer transfer window. Gabriel Jesus remains a top priority with another attacker, full-back and midfielder also wanted. But missing out on the money that comes with finishing inside the top four means Arsenal may have to raise funds through player sales. According to Goal, Arsenal already have £15million coming in with Matteo Guendouzi and Konstantinos Mavropanos joining Marseille and Stuttgart respectively. JUST IN: Arsenal icon David Seaman joins Gary Neville to slam Granit Xhaka  But the report points out that five more players could be sold to help raise funds for the summer. Most of the players unlikely to be part of Arteta's plans are currently out on loan and look set to leave. Hector Bellerin is said to be closing in on a move to Real Betis on a permanent basis while Udinese reportedly want to sign Pablo Mari. The report adds that Arsenal are set for talks with Fiorentina over Lucas Torreira, who has been a regular for the Serie A side this year. DON'T MISS  Ainsley Maitland-Niles may not join Roma on a permanent basis, but Arsenal will 'look to find buyers' this summer. And there remains some doubt in Nicolas Pepe's future at Arsenal with the winger falling down the pecking order at the Emirates. Pepe's sale will be dependent on the club finding a buyer willing to meet his huge wage demands as he currently earns £140,000 a week. Arsenal paid a club-record fee worth £72million to sign the Ivory Coast international back in 2019 after a stellar campaign with Lille. But it's failed to work out for Pepe at the Emirates and he may be moved on having struggled for regular minutes under Arteta.