Kate Moss could recount the time that her ex-boyfriend Johnny Depp "caught her" after she "fell down" stairs to the court on day 22 of the $100m defamation trial between the Hollywood star and his ex-wife, Amber Heard. The British supermodel, 48, is rumoured to be called to testify via video link after being name-dropped by Heard when she took to the stand in the trial. According to an US publication, The New York Post, the model will tell the court about the time her ex-beau came to her aid after she slipped down stairs in Jamaica while they were on holiday. The source claimed that Moss was "wearing flip flops and she slipped on the last two stairs. "Johnny caught her and tended to her," they said to The New York Post. Moss was originally brought up in Depp's 2020 defamation trial in London by Heard, who claimed that she had heard that the model was pushed down stairs by the actor. READ MORE: Jennifer Saunders says 'no one warned her' of ‘brutal’ health struggle Taking to the stand in the recent court case, Heard once again referred to the alleged incident when describing a fight she had with her ex-husband which saw her sister attempt to intervene. During day two of her testimony in Fairfax, Virginia, Heard detailed a number of violent fights she and Depp allegedly got into during their relationship. While she was speaking about their fights, the Aquaman actress briefly mentioned Moss, explaining how she had supposedly punched Depp in the face for the first time due to his previous actions against the model. Heard recalled when she punched her ex-husband, claiming it was out of fear he was going to shove her sister Whitney down a staircase. She claimed that they had been fighting on the mezzanine of the stairs in one his many penthouses in March 2015 when her sister attempted to separate the argument. Heard said of her sister: “She threw herself in the line of fire. “She was trying to get Johnny to stop. "Her back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her. DON'T MISS... Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [INSIGHT]Coleen Rooney enjoys family time abroad after Wagatha Christie trial [ANALYSIS]Jo Wood opens up on love life after split from ex Ronnie Wood [UPDATE] “I don’t hesitate and wait — I instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs," she added. This is not the first time Heard has claimed she heard that Depp pushed his ex down the stairs. She first made the allegation when she testified during Depp's previous defamation trial in the UK in 2020. Describing the same fight involving her sister, she told the UK court: “I remembered information I had heard [that] he pushed a former girlfriend — I believe it was Kate Moss — down the stairs. “I had heard this rumour from two people and it was fresh in my mind.” Moss and Depp dated between 1994 and 1998 and the model has never publicly addressed Heard’s claim. Express.co.uk has contacted Kate Moss' representatives for comment.