Mr Streeting set about defending the Labour leader, claiming that the memo of the event in question last April that was leaked over the weekend was “stretching the bounds of credibility”. He continued unabated to denounce the story in the Mail on Sunday and deny it was a “fair characterization” of Sir Keir Starmer before Kay Burley eventually interrupted him, demanding she get “a word in edgeways”. Mr Streeting said: “I don’t think people out there in the country think that Keir Starmer is the kind of bloke who goes around breaking the rules and getting smashed on an election campaign.” Amid repeated attempts by Ms Burley to interrupt Mr Streeting, he continued: “I mean, this is all just stretching the bounds of credibility. “And I’m frustrated because all this is about is dragging his name through the mud.” Finally, Ms Burley snapped: “Let me get a word in edgeways. If this is impermissible, why didn’t [Sir Keir] say, why did he not tell us about all of this to start with, instead of coming up with some cock and bull story?”    When Mr Streeting professed that “that is not a fair characterization” of what happened, Ms Burley cut him off. She added: “We were told that it was an impromptu curry because he could not get food anywhere else. We know that that’s not true. “We were told that Angela Rayner was not there. We can see that that wasn’t true.” The shadow health secretary proceeded to say that Labour will “hold their hands up” and apologise for the “mistake” over Ms Rayner. READ MORE: Keir Starmer ‘cowers’ as he cancels appearance at event [REVEAL]   The pair were discussing a leaked memo published by the Mail on Sunday that appeared to debunk several claims made by Sir Keir about the beergate night in question. The Labour leader was pictured having an impromptu beer and curry in Durham during the Hartlepool-by-election in April of last year. Speaking last week, he said of the event: "As I've explained a number of times, I was working in the office, we stopped for something to eat, there was no party, no breach of the rules. "I'm confident of that but the police have to do their job." DON'T MISS: Next Labour leader: The Labour figures that could replace Keir Starmer [INSIGHT] Starmer warned public will not forgive beergate ‘hypocrisy’ [REVEAL]‘Almost beyond parody’ Embery dismay over Boris cake and Starmer curry [REPORT]   But the memo for the event published on Sunday showed the dinner had been planned ahead of schedule. In the plan, it stated there would be a “dinner in Miners Hall” with City of Durham MP Mary Foy from 8.40pm to 10pm. A note also showed a member of staff in Sir Keir's office was to arrange a takeaway from the Spice Lounge, pulling into question the idea that they had ordered last minute from the only place available. And while Sir Keir said he “paused for food” before returning to work, the memo had listed Sir Keir was to walk back to his hotel after the meal.   