As the cost of living crisis continues to stretch the finances of millions of UK households it has never been more important to save money on your energy bills. Many Britons have been using their washing machines inefficiently and so have been increasing their bills unnecessarily. An expert has shared where Britons could be going wrong when it comes to increased energy bills. One appliance that uses a lot of energy is the washing machine. But there's one hack you can do that will save a fifth of energy each time you do a wash. Here is a rundown of the action you can take with your washing machine today to immediately start bringing down the bills. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, noted the importance of reading the manuals of appliances before using them. She said: “One of the easiest ways to save money is to dig out the manuals for things like the dishwasher and washing machine. READ MORE: Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year “We tend to use the same couple of cycles without thinking about it, but most of the energy is used in heating the water, so if you can track down an eco wash, or a cold wash, you can shave a fifth of the energy use each time.” Don’t be concerned that lower temperatures might not remove dirt as efficiently as modern washing powders and detergents work just as effectively at lower temperatures. If you reduce your washing temperatures from 40 to 30 degrees, you could cut £12 off your bills a year. If you usually wash at even higher temperatures, then you could save even more. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [TIPS]Tomatoes: How to set tomato plants up for ‘success’ - ‘easiest’ way [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Easy’ way to unblock sink drains - how to avoid blockages [EXPERT] Those who opt to switch to an economy setting on their washing machine you could save £10 a year, according to British Gas experts. Economy settings will run your machine so that it uses the least electricity possible. Dialling up your washing machine to a high spin speed could also save you money. Upping the speed of your wash will mean that they come out of your machine almost dry. In most cases, this will mean you won’t have to put them through the tumble dryer, as air drying will be quicker than usual. If you put your washing cycle on at night, this could save you up to £13.50 a year if you are on a certain tariff. Those who are on an Economy seven tariff are charged two rates, during the day the rate is usually higher compared to the more affordable rate at night. Exactly how much you save will depend on your energy supplier as rates vary between the different energy companies. Energy Saving Trust recommends Brits wait until they have a full load before putting a wash on. Overall, this will help to reduce the number of washes you need to do each week. Reducing your laundry by just one wash a week could save you up to £11 a week. Although these savings may seem small individually, added together they could save you a hefty amount each year, so they are well worth adopting.