Helen Flanagan, who previously played Rosie Webster in Coronation Street, has admitted she and her partner Scott Sinclair have not shared a bed together for the past seven years. The former soap star, who is a mother to three young children, Matilda, six, Delilah, three, and son Charlie, 13 months, explained her plan is to now focus on decorating a room the couple can sleep in together. The 31-year-old shared she has had trouble sleeping and functioning without her children. Taking to Instagram, Helen shared a picture where she could be seen holding her son. In the lengthy post, the actress also revealed her son Charles is off her breast milk and she is looking forward to him sleeping better too. In view of her one million followers, the Corrie star penned: "I always feel like I look way more natural in pics when I’m with my kids. READ MORE: 'Hope nobody rang Netflix to fire her' Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan "It’s been a good week of progress for Charles totally off my milk all throughout the day and just having a feed before bed and when he wakes up a milky feed. Had to do it gradually for Charlie and also for me that I don’t get mastitis." She went on: "I’ve not had any regular kind of childcare for Charlie since he’s been born so it’s been nice to have some this past week to sort just general life admin that I had to do that you just can’t do with a baby and because I’ve had a pair of hands he’s not been frustrated during the day not having my milk. "Can’t believe it either Charlie’s started to want to sleep in his cot!" Helen continued: "He just seemed so unsettled next to me, I think a bit was a bit of constipation with eating more food bless him. I’ve always co-slept with Charlie and the breastfeeding went hand in hand. "I’m doing my house up at the moment (hence why most of my pics are taken in lounge area as I haven’t got round to the rest ) one of my next jobs is mine and Scott’s room and after seven years it would be nice as a couple to actually share a bed and not feel like flatmates. "I’ve always just co-slept with the kids out of easiness and just basically so I can sleep and just function in the morning. There are so many other lovely amazing stages after nursing… loving watching Charlie’s little personality grow." Helen has been in a relationship with footballer Scott for over a decade and the couple shares three children together. The pair got engaged back in May 2018 but there are no solid wedding plans on the horizon. DON'T MISS... 'Not bad for 47' Victoria Beckham gushes over husband David[LATEST]'Hope nobody rang Netflix to fire her' Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan[ROYALS]Drew Barrymore issues apology for ‘making light’ of Johnny Depp trial[ADMISSION] Helen previously revealed that they had hoped to tie the knot in 2020 but admitted that they have been a couple since the age of 19 so they didn't feel in any rush. Her candid post comes after she revealed last month all three of her children had caught scarlet fever. Scarlet fever is a contagious infection that mostly affects young children but is easily treated with antibiotics. Some of the symptoms include a rash of small, raised spots while some also suffer from flu-like symptoms, including a high temperature, a sore throat and swollen neck glands. Taking to the picture-sharing site, she shared a photo of Delilah taking a nap on the sofa. She penned: "All the kids have Scarlet Fever. Glad to know what it is after Delilah not been herself and the medicine to treat it." Parents have been warned to be on their guard for chickenpox and scarlet fever as cases rise among children across the country. Meanwhile, the former Corrie star often takes to social media and shares family updates.