Lorraine broke down in tears in a clip on her TV morning show after she overcame her fear of horse riding after a "traumatic" accident. In 2012, the Scottish presenter fell from a horse and was rushed to hospital after it trampled on her. Losing three pints of blood and undergoing a four-hour operation, she paid tribute to the NHS staff at the time, and now, a decade later, she was finally ready to try again.  Although physically ok now, the incident resulted in the 62-year-old receiving life-saving care at St. George's Hospital in London made the star want to never get back on a horse again. Lorraine revealed: "I still haven't been able to go near a horse… ever since I've not really had any experience with horses." To help her overcome her fear, Lorraine went to visit 14-times Paralympic Gold medalist Sir Lee Pearson last month. On arriving in Stoke on Trent, the athlete said: "That unfortunate, terrible accident is enough to put anyone off horses. Read More: 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out days before his death  "It was very traumatic, it was totally understandable…" He continued: "I do understand that fear. I probably have a degree of fear every day I ride, because they are three-quarters of a ton of horse, and I still think everyday that it's amazing that they allow me to sit on their backs." Lorraine replied: "I obviously trust you implicitly, but I have to get over that [fear]. You can't have that fear, you have to confront it sometimes and get over it…" She was partnered with Sir Lee's Olympic gold medal-winning horse Zion, who he performed with and won at the Rio Olympic Games in 2016. Greeting her stead, Lorraine added: "I'm feeling a wee bit anxious, but not as bad as I thought it would be. I think that's because I've got Sir Lee beside me and he's given me a lot of confidence… "This is a massive step forward, just actually standing here so close [to a horse]. I haven't done that for ten years. "I'm just not sure if I can get on though, I'll try… I still feel a little bit uncomfortable, so we'll just see what happens." DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST] Putting on Lee's Championship hat from the Tokyo Olympic Games, she divulged she "wanted to do it" but her body wouldn't let her get on. Cautiously she paused several times as she slowly mounted Zion and exclaimed: "Oh my goodness me! Not in a million years, I never thought I would do this." The Olympian was "unbelievably proud" the broadcaster "stayed on Zion's back a lot longer" than he had expected and stated: "What more could you ask for?" Seeing the star had overcome her fear and was getting a bit emotional, he said: "You're going to have me crying in a minute!"  