Holly Willoughby has taken to Instagram to share an update after finding her dog, Bailey, covered in soil. The This Morning presenter, 41, made the discovery on Wednesday as she took to social media to share a video of her family's beloved pooch completely covered in mud after having dug up their garden In a video shared in view of her 7.7 million followers, the dog could be seen looking directly at the camera and covered in mud. Bailey looked mischievous after digging up one of the flower beds. The ITV presenter conveyed her shock by captioning the post: “Bailey!!!!!!” But it was not the first time this week that Holly gave her followers an insight into her private life. READ MORE: Will Young speaks out on death of twin brother Rupert for first time On Monday, the TV star shared a photo of her lookalike mum, leaving fans stunned over the resemblance. Holly dedicated a lengthy post to her parent’s 45th wedding anniversary. Sharing a smiley picture of the pair sharing a hug in the garden, Holly gushed over the “life lesson” her mum gave her. She penned: “Happy 45th wedding anniversary… “When my mum woke this morning she said to me… ‘I know he loves me, because after I watered the garden this morning my feet where so cold so he took his warm slippers off and gave them to me...' (sic) Holly concluded: “Life lesson… find a man who shares his slippers…” (sic) The Freeze The Fear star signed off the caption with the hashtags “#truelove” and “#couplegoals”. Fans soon rushed to the comments section to celebrate Holly’s parents’ long-lasting relationship. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo [LATEST]Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICTURES]Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [INSIGHT] Original_adriantownsend007 said: …”Happy Anniversary @hollywilloughby mum and dad. “Another year of love has gone by and continues to grow stronger! “Enjoy your anniversary weekend!” C8tyf added: “Wow 45 years they must have married so young they look amazing. “I’m 37 years married and I thought that was an achievement. “Happy anniversary to your parents & here’s to many more happy years.” Other online users pointed out Holly and her mum’s similar appearances, with Ltfam878 pointing out: "She's just like you!" Karenowen2011 typed: “I can see where Holly gets her glorious smile from. Happy Anniversary.”