Strictly Come Dancing pro Dianne Buswell has shared her uncertainty over marrying her beau, Joe Sugg. In a new interview, the flame-haired Australian dancer, 33, told how she's leaving the engagement up to her partner, 30, and isn't in a rush to walk down the aisle anytime soon. When asked whether she is expecting an engagement ring in the near future, the Strictly star explained that she wouldn't know. Dianne replied: "That’s not for me to answer! "Obviously, I’d love to be with Joe forever so whether we get married or not, as long as we’re together then I’m happy," she added. She went on to address their hectic work schedules saying that she couldn't manage her manic work without the support of the YouTuber. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial Dianne said: "Even though sometimes it might be weeks when we’re apart because of me touring or him working, we both have so much respect for each other’s jobs that it’s so easy and so chilled. "He’s amazing, I couldn’t do it without him, and vice versa," the red-head gushed. “He always says absence makes the heart grow fonder – and it really does," she told OK! Magazine. Earlier in the year, Dianne and Joe fuelled marriage rumours with a series of adorable snaps from their trip to her native Australia. The couple spent the best part of a month in Perth where they visited Dianne’s family and friends. As their time Down Under came to an end, Joe marked the occasion with a selection of snaps which featured the couple against the backdrop of some of the stunning scenery they had explored. The first photo was of the couple looking loved up as they hugged in front of some greenery. The Strictly runner-up also added some shots of them larking about behind some bushes and him climbing a tree. DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [UPDATE]Bruce Willis cheered on as he's seen for first time since aphasia [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham boasts she 'opened the show' at Brooklyn's wedding [ANALYSIS] The final photo was of Joe’s left hand, and although he was not wearing a ring, some of his 5.8m followers seemed to think it was a hint that an engagement was imminent. Instagram user Faz said: “I’m expecting an engagement announcement sometime soon to be honest," while Lyndsay added: “Should have put a ring on it.” Tammy wrote: “I was thinking the same thing! They just look like they should be together forever! Their faces show that they are so good for each other.” Joe and Dianne met after they competed together on Strictly in 2018. The pair made it all the way to the final before losing out to Stacey Dooley and Kevin Clifton. Since then, the couple have been going from strength to strength and even bought a house together in February last year They have not ruled out the possibility of marriage and Dianne even teased fans with the prospect when she tested out an Instagram filter last January. The filter was designed to predict what the new year would bring and the dancer was stunned when her result landed on “Happily Married”.