Paul Burrell speculated that the Duke of Cambridge and Prince of Wales would meet Harry ahead of any public appearances before this week's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. He said: "I think Harry will have to see his father and his brother before the public sees him. "They’ll have to iron out some creases before we see him with his family. I think Charles and William see Harry as a bit of a loose cannon now." Mr Burrell told OK! magazine: "If they didn’t see him, I think that would rile Harry even more and who knows what might happen in the public eye. It’s damage limitation." He added: "The world will be watching Meghan and Harry and William and Kate and not focusing on the Queen. "They have the potential of stealing the show because we’re all fascinated to know how Harry’s going to fit back into his family."  Harry and Meghan will fly to the UK this week to celebrate the Queen's historic Platinum Jubilee. The couple are expected to stay at Frogmore Cottage where the couple spent their last days as working royals before moving to North America. It emerged on Monday that Harry and Meghan will maintain their Grade-II listed home near Windsor Castle and owned by the Crown Estate. The Sussexes will be joined by their children, Archie, 3, and Lilibet, who turns one on Saturday.  READ MORE ABOUT THE POUND FACING AN 'EXISTENTIAL CRISIS' Their visit to mark the celebrations has sparked rumours Harry and Meghan will have their daughter christened in front of the Queen. It will be the first time the couple have brought Lilibet to the UK and the first time the Queen has met her great-granddaugher, who is named after her. Harry and Meghan are expected to attend the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday which is being held to mark the monarch's 70-year reign. They have reportedly agreed not to carry out their own engagements while in the UK to avoid overshadowing the main jubilee celebrations.  DON'T MISS: Police officer taken to hospital after car and bus crash [LATEST] Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [REVEALED] Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as 'not happy' [REPORT] Buckingham Palace has already announced that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not join the Queen on the main balcony after Thursday's Trooping the Colour parade. The Queen decided only working members of the royal family - including Charles and Camilla as well as William and Kate - could appear alongside her.  Meanwhile, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, has crowned nearly 500 volunteers Platinum Champions, describing them as "the backbone of our country". Camilla headed a star-studded judging panel which included Alex Jones, Felicity Kendal, Gethin Jones, Myleene Klass, Ade Adepitan, Tom Read Wilson and Gyles Brandreth to select the nation's most outstanding volunteers to mark the Queen's Jubilee. The Duchess, praising the 490 winners, said: "The Platinum Champions Awards, launched by Royal Voluntary Service in honour of Her Majesty The Queen's 70 years of service, have given us the opportunity to celebrate the remarkable contribution of all volunteers, who truly are the backbone of our country. "Congratulations to all our Platinum Champions - and my heartfelt thanks to you and to the millions of volunteers across the UK who give their time and talents so generously."  Seventy of the most outstanding volunteers have been invited to celebrate at a special Big Jubilee Lunch with Camilla and the Prince of Wales at The Oval cricket ground in south London on Sunday. All 490 winners will receive a specially-designed pin and a certificate signed by Camilla. The Platinum Champions Awards were organised by the Royal Voluntary Service, of which the duchess is president. 