West Ham are reportedly hoping to sign Eddie Nketiah on a free transfer from Arsenal this summer. Nketiah has starred for Arsenal in recent weeks but is out of contract on July 1, opening up the possibility of a move to the Hammers.    After spending the majority of the season sat on the sidelines, Nketiah has taken centre stage over the past few weeks. The 22-year-old hadn’t started a Premier League game this season until the trip to Southampton on April 16 but has been in Mikel Arteta’s starting line-up ever since. Nketiah’s stock is extremely high with the Gunners at the moment after he netted braces in the 4-2 win over Chelsea last month and the 2-1 victory against Leeds on Sunday. He now has nine goals and one assist in 24 games and his performances have helped Arteta’s side win their last four games and take control of fourth place in the Premier League. Yet his efforts have also alerted rivals to a possible transfer opportunity, with Nketiah’s contractual situation still to be resolved at Arsenal. The Daily Mail reports that West Ham are in ‘pole position’ to snap up the English striker if the Gunners cannot convince him to sign a new contract. JUST IN: Manchester United 'prepare to make offer' for Goncalo Inacio  Having spent much of the campaign on the substitutes’ bench, Nketiah has been seeking assurances over his position in the squad before he commits his future to the club. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s move to Barcelona in January and Alexandre Lacazette’s dip in form has increased his status for now, but Arsenal are expected to sign two strikers in the summer. West Ham were linked with Nketiah in January and will renew their interest in the summer as they look to bolster their attacking options. The Hammers tried to sign Luis Diaz, who snubbed them and Tottenham to join Liverpool, while they are also keeping tabs on Benfica’s Darwin Nunez, although he is now expected to move to a Champions League club.  DON'T MISS Arsenal learn Napoli's asking price for Ruiz as Arteta eyes transfer Arsenal star Martin Odegaard thrown in at deep end by Mikel Arteta Arteta risks making familiar mistake as Arsenal make Elneny U-turn David Moyes is a fan of Aston Villa forward Ollie Watkins, but Nketiah would represent a cheaper and more attainable option. Arsenal have made it clear they want to keep Nketiah, but two rounds of talks with his representatives have proven inconclusive. If another meeting doesn’t do the trick then the Gunners risk losing him for nothing at the end of June. “What Eddie has done tonight is because of what he has done for the last 10 months and no-one has noticed,” Arteta told the BBC after Nketiah’s two goals against Chelsea last month. “I said to him I haven’t been fair. I should have been playing him more. We have other issues as well and that has not been easy. But he deserved completely what happened to him tonight.” 