Harry and Meghan are said to have allowed cameras into their Montecito mansion as the streaming giant demands its "pound of flesh" from the couple. Netflix bosses reportedly want the docuseries later this year when the Duke's tell-all book is due out. Royal author Angela Levin claimed the Royal Family would be "horrified" at reports of the series. Ms Levin told The Sun: "I think the Royal Family will be horrified because if Harry's memoirs are coming out at a similar time - which seems what Netflix want - then it’s a double attack on the Royal Family. "I don't know how they can manage this without taking strong action but I don't think the Queen wants that. "At the end of her years she wants the Royal Family around her." Ms Levin's comments come after Page Six reported that Netflix camera had been allowed behind the scenes at the Sussexes' home. The couple were also followed by a crew during a visit to New York last September. A Hollywood insider told the US website: “I think it’s fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh." Netflix reportedly wants the series by the end of the year, while the Sussexes are said to rather it air in 2023. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged over 'appalling' disrespect shown to Queen A producer added: “The timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air." Harry and Meghan signed their lucrative deal with Netflix after quitting as working royals in 2020 and moving to California. It recently emerged that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant, which lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022. Netflix said at the time that Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. DON'T MISSWhen will Meghan and Harry return to UK for Jubilee? [ANALYSIS]'Enjoys the status' Prince Harry 'living his best life' in US - Expert [INSIGHT]Royal LIVE: Harry hated cameras! Duke blasted over new Netflix series [LIVE BLOG] It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to travel to Britain in just weeks for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The couple are returning from the US with their two children Archie and Lili to join other members of the Royal Family for celebrations over the four-day weekend in June. However, they will not step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour as the Queen has limited the moment to working royals only. It is not known which parts of the weekend the Sussexes will attend. The visit is the first time Harry and Meghan have travelled to the UK with their family since Megxit. Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell and Netflix for comment. 