Holly Willoughby and Bradley Walsh's BBC programme Take Off has reportedly been "axed". The This Morning presenter and The Chase host teamed up for the prime-time quiz show, which saw audience members get the chance to win flights to luxury holiday destinations, last summer. However, the programme was not popular with viewers as they found it "difficult" to get over the timing as travel was being impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. Take Off had been filmed ahead of the pandemic, but it was only aired last summer.The show was produced by Holly's husband Dan Baldwin's company Hungry Bear Media.However, it has been reported the show will not return to screens as it was "too difficult" to get people on holiday.“Take Off was filmed before the pandemic when travel was much easier," a source told The Sun. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue "Now, it’s more difficult with so many restrictions. It didn’t land with viewers who were grounded."However, Holly and Bradley loved working together and had amazing on-screen chemistry.”According to the publication, the BBC did not comment on the claims.Bradley, who is perhaps best known as fronting The Chase on ITV, admitted last summer he did not know the rules of the game show. He said: "I leave that to Holly - she is the nuts and bolts of it all. Holly is brilliant at that stuff.”Holly, who is regularly seen presenting This Morning with Phillip Schofield has been starring in another BBC programme.She has been hosting Freeze The Fear With Wim Hof alongside comedian Lee Mack.The 41-year-old has also fronted ITV's The Games with Freddie Flintoff and early this year she returned to present Dancing On Ice with Phillip.  DON'T MISS...'Just call me genius’ Holly Willoughby lets dog owners into trick [LATEST]Our Father sibling recalls reaction to Dr Cline discovery [MUST SEE]The Chase’s Issa Schultz ignored ITV bosses’ calls  [UPDATE] The source added: “Holly is enjoying trying different projects.”Take Off was not the first project Holly and Bradley have worked on together.They both presented the show Play to the Whistle between 2015 and 2017.ITV viewers have taken to Twitter to comment on Take Off being "axed", with @BacktheBBC remarking: "Such a shame when such talent can no longer get any work in the industry." Simon Hoggarth added: "Shame! I enjoyed it. Better than the recent Generation Game revival anyway! BBC never gave it a very good chance!"Gail Rower said: "The BBC are so lame, that was a good and funny programme." (sic)However, Jules, who was not a fan of the show when it aired, commented: "Not sure how it was ever commissioned."Garreth Waites said: "To be fair it was awful!"