Volunteer forces from the US have released footage of several of them co-ordinating an attack on a Russian tank. The soldiers navigate their way through a forest, using the trees for cover, before they fire an anti-tank missile at the enemy vehicle. The soldier, filming on a head-mounted camera, is seen slipping out of the cover of the trees before lining up the shot. He then fires a direct hit onto the tank, with overhead footage showing the tank exploding on impact.    The rare footage offers a unique insight into what the battle is like from the ground. A number of US soldiers scramble through the forest, with the soldier on whose head the camera is mounted shouting to a fellow troop: “Go, go, go!” The soldier breaks through the trees to find a Russian tank desperately trying to run for cover. They use shoulder-mounted anti-tank missiles, a weapon that has become symbolic of Ukraine’s fight against Russia, to immobilise the vehicle.    But for all Ukraine’s successes in repelling Russian forces, the situation in the eastern Donbas region is becoming increasingly dire for the defending military. Boris Johnson has stressed the "vital" need to continue providing Ukraine with military support as Russian forces slowly "chew through ground" in the east. He said today: "I think it's very, very important that we do not get lulled because of the incredible heroism of the Ukrainians in pushing the Russians back from the gates of Kyiv. "I'm afraid that Putin - at great cost to himself and Russian military - is continuing to chew through ground in Donbas, he's continuing to make gradual, slow, but, I'm afraid, palpable progress. “Therefore it is absolutely vital that we continue to support the Ukrainians militarily." READ MORE: Putin puppet loses it as Scholz forecast of Russia loss rattles Mosco [REPORT]   And Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky highlighted the need for peace talks to resume today as the war wages on. He said that while thousands continue to die in the brutal conflict, Ukraine must face the reality that peace talks are the necessary way to end the war. Speaking during an address to an Indonesian think tank, he said: "There are things to discuss with the Russian leader. I'm not telling you that to me our people are eager to talk to him, but we have to face the realities of what we are living through. "What do we want from this meeting... We want our lives back... We want to reclaim the life of a sovereign country within its own territory.” DON'T MISS: Russia pundit lets slip NATO pressure working in Ukraine [REVEAL] Revolting Russian officers SACKED as 115 refuse to fight [INSIGHT]Putin nightmare as huge NATO summit to take place near Russia TODAY [REPORT]   He added, however, that Russia does not appear willing to resume serious peace talks while they seem to be gaining ground in the east. Russia's separatist proxies in eastern Ukraine claimed full control of the important battlefield town of Lyman on Friday, and Ukraine appeared to concede it, as Moscow pressed its biggest advance for weeks. Lyman, site of a key railway hub, has been a major front line as Russian forces press down from the north, one of three directions from which they have been attacking Ukraine's industrial Donbas region. The pro-Russian Donetsk People's Republic separatists said they were now in full control of it. Oleksiy Arestovych, the adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, added: "According to unverified data, we lost the town of Lyman. The Russian army - this must be verified - captured it. "Moreover, the way they captured it.... correctly organising the operation. This shows, in principle, the increased level of operational management and tactical skills of the Russian army. It has grown. It has not grown everywhere of course, but it has unquestionably grown."   