The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was filmed speaking about the "anxiety and depression" that can ensue post-pregnancy. This video marked her new role as patron of the Maternal Mental Health Alliance (MMHA). Kate spoke with feeling in the video, implying that she can empathise with new mothers experiencing mental health issues. Body language expert Judi James spoke to Express.co.uk about what Kate's facial expressions and general body language can reveal. She noted that the Duchess showed the "kind and caring" side of herself. "From the simple setting and the flower-print dress, to the shots of her sharing moments sitting on the floor with other mothers looking casual and engaged, this video is all about showing a kind and caring version of Kate as she promotes the issue of maternal mental health," Judi said. "She sits with her hands clasped lightly in her lap and one elbow on the arm of her chair. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay "There is little animation in her body language, although the way she uses her clasped hands in a baton gesture as she speaks suggests a strong emotional emphasis and energy for her cause." The body language expert continued: "Kate tilts her head to retain the projection of kindness and empathy here and her normally wide symmetric smile is suppressed to signal caring as it become asymmetric, only involving the right side of her mouth and some dimpling of her cheek. "She allows a slightly more obvious smile as she tells us she is ‘extremely proud’ to become the patron of this particular cause, though." Kate is composed and speaks slowly throughout the video, but it is clear she is passionate about mental health. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove ‘scuff marks’ from flooring [EXPERT] Judi said: "Despite the kind and even rather regal, composed air, there are hints that Kate will become a powerful advocate for the cause though, and this is reflected in the way she adds energy and firmness to her strong final message about creating a ‘stronger, healthier, more nurturing society’." Earlier in the video, Kate said that it was crucial for those "struggling" with mental health issues after pregnancy to be given "the right support at the right time". The Duchess also urged society to play its part, saying everyone needed to help "parents and carers, and all those who are raising children today". To film the video, Kate sat in a pale green chair in front of a large window with purple flowers next to it. She looked ravishing in a blue and white Max Mara studio Crepe de Chine dress. The dress featured a collar, long sleeves, and a long skirt. It was white but adorned with a blue floral pattern. The garment is on sale on the Max Mara website for a whopping £680. The Duchess' hair was straight albeit for the slightly curled ends, and it draped over her shoulders and chest. Her make-up look was a little heavier than usual as she wore eyeshadow and lashings of mascara. She also donned foundation and a light pink lipstick. Kate's video was shared on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Twitter page this morning, with the caption: "This #MaternalMentalHealthAwarenessWeek is about the power and importance of connection. "We all know that pregnancy, childbirth and the first months and years of a child’s life can be hugely demanding."