Regions across Spain have been placed on high alert following eight suspected cases of so-called monkeypox in Madrid. It follows the confirmation of four new cases in England. Confirmation is still awaited from the National Centre for Microbiology but health chiefs say "great care must be taken". The monkey virus is caused by an orthopoxvirus similar to Variola virus (the causative agent of smallpox). Spain's director of the Centre for the Coordination of Health Alerts and Emergencies, Fernando Simón, confirmed yesterday that "it is not likely that monkeypox will generate a significant transmission but it cannot be ruled out". For this reason, he stressed that great care must be taken. He said it was now necessary to take extreme surveillance measures and investigate all the hypotheses about the routes of contagion. READ MORE: Monkeypox: The five main symptoms to spot and how to reduce your risk - pharmacist Mr Simon was talking to the media in Valencia during the International Summit on Pandemic Management. All of the eight suspected cases of monkeypox in Spain are men. Spanish newspaper El Pais says it has had access to health papers and that the health leaders have confirmed the investigation. The alert, launched on Tuesday afternoon, comes after Portugal confirmed three cases on the same day through PCR tests, and that it has two more pending confirmation and another 15 under investigation. DON'T MISSCancer: Four sensations in the leg to spot [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Three smelly symptoms [INSIGHT]B12 deficiency symptoms: The 'irreversible' consequence [TIPS] The Spanish health alert system has called on communities to notify public health services "urgently" of patients with symptoms. “An alert has been opened at the National Centre for Microbiology (CNM) where the samples will have to be sent if cases that meet the definition are detected. We are working on a procedure for handling these cases and their contacts”, says the notice sent by the health department to the communities. The most common symptoms during the invasion period (within the first five days) are usually fever, severe headache, lymphadenopathy (swollen lymph nodes), low back pain, myalgia (muscle pain) and severe asthenia (lack of energy). Between one and three days after the onset of the fever, the skin rash appears, which usually affects the face first and then spreads to the rest of the body: palms of the hands and soles of the feet, mainly. Symptoms usually last between 14 to 21 days. Some patients have severe lymphadenopathy (swollen lymph nodes) before the appearance of the rash. This characteristic sign of monkeypox allows us to differentiate it from other similar diseases, says the WHO. According to the NHS, swollen lymph nodes feel like tender, painful lumps: According to the WHO, severe cases of monkeypox occur more frequently among children and their evolution depends on the degree of exposure to the virus, the patient's health status and the severity of complications. The viral infection was first detected in humans in 1970 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (then called Zaire) in a nine-year-old boy. The patient's family said they sometimes ate monkeys. The investigation showed that the boy was the only one in the family who had not been vaccinated against smallpox. Since then, most of the reported cases have come from rural rainforest regions of the Congo Basin and West Africa, particularly the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where this disease is considered endemic. However, seven cases have been confirmed in the UK.