In an interview with her son Tom Parker Bowles, a food critic, the Queen Consort admitted her kitchen skills are limited and she prefers simple meals. Camilla said she has “never” followed a recipe, and learnt everything she knows about cooking from her mother. In a shock reveal despite living a royal life, Camilla said classic British staples are her favourite foods. She told her son in the interview: “One of my favourite foods is baked beans on toast. Always Heinz. “And freshly cooked fish and chips, wrapped in paper. “That smell. You cannot beat proper fish and chips.” Camilla says she learnt to cook by watching her mother, Rosalind Shand, who made food the “heart” of family life. She said: “One of my earliest memories is podding those peas and beans with my mother, an accomplished cook. “I learnt from my mother. I've never followed a recipe in my life. “On Friday nights, we were allowed to choose our dinner,' she recalls. 'I always went for frozen chicken pie, much to my mother's despair.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan to reunite with Wills and Kate In the interview in You magazine, the Duchess said she specialised in simple, healthy food when Tom and his sister Laura were growing up in Wiltshire. She said: “My cooking is about good ingredients. Nothing too mucked about, or fussy or fiddly. “Lots of tarragon chicken, scrambled eggs and bacon, and chicken casserole. There were always roasts on Sunday. “The children ate a lot of cheese on toast. We had a kitchen garden... so we ate seasonally before it became en vogue. That's just what you did in the country back then.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Putin's Snake Island stronghold bombed Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim Boris set to hand Ukraine MASSIVE £1.3bn military package Camilla recently teamed up with Mary Berry to judge the winning recipe for a pudding to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, but says she could “fill a book with all my cooking disasters. I'm not a natural baker, to say the least”. Camilla added: “As for baked potatoes... many a poor, incinerated specimen has been found in the bottom of the Aga, put in, then forgotten about.” She then said: “I do still cook for myself when at home. Simple things like fish en papillote with butter and herbs. And vegetables from the garden. “I love the vegetable garden. I'm very proud of my white peaches. My husband is an excellent gardener, and we're quite competitive about our fruit and vegetables.” In April, Camilla and Prince Charles penned a heartfelt tribute in a foreword to the Queen's Jubilee cookbook. In the foreword, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall describe British cuisine at the Queen’s accession to the throne, less than a decade after the end of World War II. The future king and Camilla described this period seven decades ago, when “the culinary outlook in the United Kingdom was bleak”. During this time, “several foods were still rationed and the meagre choice of ingredients on offer posed a challenge to even the most creative cook”. Food will “no doubt play a central part in our public and private celebrations” of the Queen’s seventieth year as monarch, they finished by commenting. In a message of unity, they described the power of food to bring people together “as a nation, in the Realms, and across the Commonwealth”.