With a vibrant history spanning over 200 years, the hotel, a member of the Pride of Britain Hotels group, was originally a Georgian hunting lodge, built for the 6th Duke of Bedford and its past is peppered with intriguing characters. Perhaps most notable was Anna Maria Russell, Duchess of Bedford (wife of the 7th Duke), who created the much-loved concept of afternoon tea in 1845. The famous tradition continues today and its Royal Afternoon Tea is available throughout June. Guests can tuck into a selection of traditional finger sandwiches and baked savoury treats, followed by mouth-watering homemade scones and a selection of freshly baked cakes and pastries, served with a selection of teas or coffee. Indulge in classics such as Victoria sponge cake, the Elizabeth Royal Fruit Cake – inspired by a towering fruit cake made for Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip's 1947 wedding, and Bombe Glacée Royale – a mini version of one of Her Majesty’s favourite desserts. Available daily in Squires Restaurant or on the terrace, the Royal Afternoon Tea costs £23 pp (or £34.50 pp with a glass of Champagne). On Sunday 5 June, Bedford Lodge Hotel & Spa will be celebrating The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a commemorative Royal Afternoon Tea on the Lawn. Family and friends can gather for an afternoon of indulgence in the hotel’s beautiful and secluded grounds, which include formal lawns, fragrant rose gardens and a riot of colourful blooms. Sip on a Pimm's cocktail while tucking into Coronation chicken, cucumber and celery salt and smoked salmon and cream cheese sandwiches, other savoury delights and freshly baked cakes and pastries, served with a selection of teas or coffee. Royal Afternoon Tea on the Lawn costs £36 pp, including a glass of Pimm's. Bedford Lodge’s Squires Restaurant – recently awarded two AA rosettes for its quality cuisine and ingredients – will be serving a quintessentially English three-course menu in celebration of the Jubilee. Overseen by executive head chef Lee Cooper, the restaurant is renowned for reinventing delicious seasonal classics, using the finest – locally sourced within a 50-mile radius – meat, game, shellfish and cheese. The Platinum Jubilee Menu includes gin cured Salmon, quintessentially British garden salad, butte-basted lemon sole, Longhorn beef fillet, and dark chocolate mousse with The Queen’s own chocolate biscuit, or sherry trifle with whipped cream. The Platinum Jubilee menu is available for lunch and dinner from 30 May to 5 June (dishes cost from £8 to £32). An overnight stay at Bedford Lodge Hotel & Spa is from £165 per room (two sharing a king-sized bedroom), including full English breakfast and use of the health & fitness club, which boasts a 15m indoor pool plus jacuzzi. For more information, or to book a table and/or overnight stay, visit www.bedfordlodgehotel.co.uk or call 01638 663175.