Tottenham Hotspur were pipped to the signing of Luis Diaz in the January transfer window as Liverpool took advantage of Spurs' negotiations to lower Porto's asking price. But now, Tottenham could end up signing one of their original targets once the summer window opens. Spurs were interested in Wolves winger Adama Traore in the winter window as Antonio Conte looked to improve his options. However, Tottenham stopped short of making a move for the Spaniard. Instead, he ended up joining Barcelona on a short-term loan until the end of the season. Traore's deal included the option for the La Liga side to make the move permanent this summer for €30million (£25m). But according to Fabrizio Romano, Barcelona are unwilling to pay that asking price, and will therefore allow Traore to return to Wolves. That doesn't mean he has a future at Molineux, however, and instead he could be on the move again. Tottenham may have ended up signing Dejan Kulusevski to improve their front three, but that doesn't necessarily mean they won't reignite their interest in Traore. When they were first credited with a move, it was believed Conte had planned to use him as a right wing-back. Conte's system relies on wing-backs playing high up the pitch, and it's expected they'll look to reinforce the right flank in the summer. Matt Doherty was in a fine run of form in that position before he suffered a season-ending injury.  Emerson Royal has also struggled to fill the void left by Doherty, and if Traore arrived, he'd likely displace both in the pecking order. Conte has been relatively coy over his future with just over 12 months remaining on his current deal, and it has been reported that the club's transfer activity in the summer could play a role in his next move. Speaking at his press conference on Friday, the head coach joked he had a lengthy list of transfer targets to go after this summer. He said: "We're finishing this season with only 15 players and at the moment it's not convenient to give them a list, because the list it would be very, very, very big! You understand? It's not a good moment to give them the list.