Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the former president of the basketball team reward Amber, who works in the interactive team at the stadium, for being so positive and uplifting at work despite the personal challenges she has faced. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. Mr Miller admired how hardworking Amber was, and how energetic she was with the fans. Amber explained to the undercover boss that she has a four year old brother who has Down's syndrome, adding that he “lights up” her world. However due to work, she does not live close to her family home so she does not get to see him. Her parents got divorced when she was 15 and she felt as if she took that on to try and keep her family together. READ MORE: Energy bills rebate loophole means second home owners can get £400 grant 'multiple times' “I just don’t want to take life for granted. I don’t find the challenges a problem for my life. I just take it as it is and go with what you got. “You can either dwell on it and be upset and angry about it and miserable your whole life or you can take it in your stride, learn from it and move forward.” Mr Miller was touched by Amber’s inspirational words, and was moved by how she has persevered and never let her situation waiver her positive spirit. After the undercover boss revealed himself, Mr Miller knew he wanted to give his employee a great opportunity. He said: “You mentioned your family has been through some medical challenges and I would like to help you with that. “I would like to give you $30,000 (around £23,800) to help pay your medical bills.” “Is this like a joke, this will take a lot of stress off my mum. This is amazing,” Amber responded. Mr Miller continued: “Amber there is one more thing I would like to do for you. “I would like to give you $20,000 (around £15,800) to make life a little bit easier. “Thank you for being such a great employee.” In tears, Amber said: “ I just feel so overwhelmed, it just doesn’t seem real. My mum is going to freak out. “Thank you. This experience has taught me to believe in humanity, there really are good people out there.” Undercover Boss USA is available on All 4.