Over the last few months, Abi (played by Sally Carman) and Imran (Charlie De Melo) have been battling it out to gain sole custody of their son Alfie. Whilst Imran initially agreed to help Abi, he soon turned against her and hired a private investigator to fake images of Abi still on drugs. Now having sole custody alongside his wife, Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), Imran has been taunting Abi at every hurdle and stopped her from seeing him after she attempted to kidnap him. Now official soap spoilers reveal that Abi may be planning to flee the country, but will she take Alfie with her? During the May 6 episode, fans were horrified to learn Abi attempted to take Alfie before he went home with Toyah and Imran. After speaking to one of the nurses, Abi told her son: "I don't want to let you go," before she quickly got up from the chair, grabbed him and his teddy and exclaimed: "I'm not going to." As she began to head for the door, Toyah walked in and was stunned at what she had seen, asking Abi: "Put him down, please." Abi replied: "He's my son," before an angry Imran stormed into the room and threatened to call the police. READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' In upcoming scenes, Imran, Toyah, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson), Nick Tilley (Ben Price), Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) and Adam Barlow (Samuel Robertson) gather for Alfie’s naming ceremony, and Abi enters. During the event, Abi grabs the opportunity to take some pictures of her son under the watchful eye of Imran. Later, Abi secretly meets up with Matty, an old contact, and hands him a couple of envelopes after telling him to work his magic. After some persuading, Toyah explains to Imran that she let Abi take Alfie for a walk by herself, but he isn't best pleased and storms off to find her. He soon finds Abi at the Red Rec and demands to know what she is playing at, asserting his authority that he has sole custody of their son. Wanting to know how Matty is getting along, she gives him a call but soon tells him she is happy to wait a week for the fake passports. Will Abi successfully take her son once more and flee the country? If she does manage to get Alfie alone one more time, this may be the end of Imran's reign over Abi, but will she stay on the straight and narrow for her son? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Sean Tully to meet unexpected love interest  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Summer heartbroken after rejection  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Jacob exposes Kirk secret to get promoted [WATCH] Knowing his son is in danger, will Imran call the police or take matters into his own hands? Fans were mortified when they witnessed Abi's attempt to take Alfie the first time and took to social media to express their worries. Ryan Glendenning commented: "Abi wants to kidnap Alfie. Don't make things worse, Abi #Corrie." Syndey Lambert added: "Aww, Abi. You’ve been through enough." Chloe Acrost wrote: "I hate what Corrie is doing to Abi losing two sons within the space of a year. Give her a break!" @iamcorrie55: "I can't help but hate Imran for what he has done to Abi! Pushing her to the point of wanting to kidnap her own son just so she can be with him!" @pollypicks4: "Is it bad that I actually want Abi to run away with Alfie and leave Imran feeling like an absolute fool? JUSTICE FOR ABI!" (sic) Coronation Street continues on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.