Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has been left with a transfer dilemma after it was reported that long-term target Tammy Abraham would cost a huge £27million more than Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus, as the Spaniard looks to bring a top-quality striker to the club.  Forwards Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are set to leave the club in the summer, meaning the Gunners would have no senior strikers given that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left for Barcelona in January. Plenty of stars have been linked, with rumours touting Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez to the club becoming more and more rife. That was again reported in the Times on Monday, with suggestions of a £70m move for the Argentine cropping up once more. But the same report claims that City star Jesus is also on Arsenal's radar given that Erling Haaland is set to link up with Pep Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium and take the starting spot up front for the current Premier League champions. And with the Brazilian costing much less than both Abraham and Martinez, a deal could well be pursued for the forward to move to London in the summer ahead of the new campaign. The report states that Arsenal tried to sign Abraham from Chelsea last summer, but the London-born star instead chose pastures new at Roma to play under Jose Mourinho in the Italian capital instead. That led Arsenal to seeing out the season with Aubameyang and Lacazette as their two main strikers, although the Gabonese international was let go to Barcelona in the winter due to a spate of disciplinary problems. The Gunners have struggled for goals since, and new targets have been drawn up after failing to attract Serbian striker Dusan Vlahovic to the club in winter. But with various publications claiming that Abraham is likely to be too expensive for Arsenal to sign, Jesus is now the preferred target. The Mirror states that a deal for Jesus would likely come to around £40m, almost half the price of the reported £67m Abraham would reportedly cost. And Arteta would sanction the deal after making it clear that he wishes to spend once more in the summer. "We want to make the squad stronger," Arteta said. "We want to make the starting XI stronger, we want to make the specificity and the personality of our players stronger, and that's what we are going to be seeking to do. "It will depend on many factors - how many players are back from their loans, with the commitments we still have with them; our financial position in relation to where we finish; the clubs' demands when we want to buy players or sell players. "There are a lot of question marks there, but this is football." 