The Mayo Clinic says coronavirus can cause symptoms “you may not expect”, including digestive symptoms. It states: “COVID-19 might cause nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea — either alone or with other COVID-19 symptoms. Digestive symptoms sometimes develop before a fever and respiratory symptoms.”  The organisation says coronavirus disease can also cause a wide range of other signs and symptoms. It says the most common are fever, cough and tiredness, but other symptoms include: READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome: Feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression  The NHS lists the following signs in adults: It also notes: “The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu.” The NHS also says children and young people aged 18 and under can get coronavirus, “but it's usually a mild illness and most get better in a few days”. The NHS notes free testing for COVID-19 from the NHS has ended for most people in England. It states: “If you have symptoms of COVID-19, you are no longer required to do a rapid lateral flow or PCR test.”  The health body adds: “If you still want to get tested and you're not eligible for a free NHS test, you must pay for a COVID-19 test yourself. “You can buy a COVID-19 test from some pharmacies and retailers, in person or online.” There are, however, a small number of people who will still be able to get free COVID-19 tests from the NHS. It explains: “If you have a health condition which means you're eligible for new COVID-19 treatments, you should be sent a COVID-19 test to use if you have symptoms.”  Other possible qualifiers include if you're going into hospital for surgery or a procedure, or if you work in the NHS or in social care. “If you work in care homes, domiciliary care, extra care and supported living services, and adult day care centres, you can also get free NHS tests,” adds the health body. The NHS is offering antibody and antiviral treatments to people with coronavirus (COVID-19) who are at highest risk of becoming seriously ill. It explains: “These treatments can help some people manage their COVID-19 symptoms and reduce the risk of becoming seriously ill. They are for people who have not been admitted to hospital.” 