Emma Thompson, 63, returns to our screens this afternoon, playing the hilariously ugly Nanny McPhee in the film of the same name, which airs on ITV. The two-time Oscar-winner stars alongside Colin Firth, who plays Mr Brown, a widowed father that must look after his seven children. The youngsters have scared away 17 nannies before Emma’s character comes along to serve the Victorian family. There is concern over Mr Brown remarrying, but Nanny McPhee, wielding her magic stick, helps discipline the children, becoming more beautiful with each lesson they learn. ‘Nanny McPhee’ is one of the more pantomime performances of Emma’s illustrious career in which she has appeared in classics such as ‘Love actually’ and ‘Howards End’. The celebrated English actress has also taken on Shakespeare, starring as Beatrice in ‘Much Ado About Nothing’ in 1993. When Emma returned to the Bard a few years ago for a BBC adaptation of ‘King Lear’, a journalist asked her about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry a couple of months before they were due to tie the knot. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex – who have since stepped back from their royal roles – married at St George's Chapel on May 19, 2018. JUST IN: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ Wagatha trial, claims PR Ahead of the nuptials, Emma told the Reuters reporter: “Not a single thought about it in my head about it to share with you, I’m so sorry.” The star appeared not to appreciate the line of questioning and then addressed her son’s own upcoming marriage. She said: “I haven’t even, it doesn’t occur to me actually. “My son is getting married next year so I am much more sort of dealing with that but really I have nothing to say about it.” The reporter asked if Emma was “really” sure she had nothing to say, before she replied with a curt “really”. The journalist then grilled Emma further about Meghan and Harry, asking if she “wished them well”. The actress replied that she did but added that she did not know the royal couple personally. She said: “Obviously, yes, but I don’t know them, of course I do.” Emma then shut the reporter down and cut off the interview by telling him to “stop it” with the royal questions. She said: “Stop doing the ‘oh let’s talk about the royal wedding’... ok...really bad, really bad, not going to talk about the royal wedding. DON'T MISS: ‘So sorry!’ Naga Munchetty forced to apologise to colleague after interrupting him on air [LATEST]Paul McCartney’s teenage crush on Queen Elizabeth: ‘She was a babe!’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Britons sing Sweet Caroline for Queen? [ANALYSIS] “Just give the poor kids a break!” Although Emma did not have a lot to say about Meghan and Harry, she has met other members of the Royal Family. The actress met Prince William in 2018 when she was made a Dame Commander of the British Empire. The Duke of Cambridge conferred the prestigious honour on the star at Buckingham Palace. Emma opened up about meeting the royal as she spoke to reporters after. She said: “I love Prince William. I’ve known him since he was little, and we just sniggered at each other. “I said, ‘I can’t kiss you, can I?’ And he said, ‘No, don’t!’” ‘Nanny McPhee’ airs on ITV today from 4pm.