The picture posted on the Royal Family Instagram page of the Queen shaking the hand of Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani showed the Monarch beaming and looking in high spirits. The engagement marked the Monarch’s third appearance this week as the 96-year-old wore a lavender and green floral dress, paired with pearl earrings and a matching necklace, with black shoes.   The Emir spoke with Boris Johnson earlier on in the day to invite the Prime Minister to watch the World Cup 2022 in Qatar. The tournament has already caused controversy in relation to human rights violations of migrant worker abuses during the construction of the stadiums. Royal fans took to social media to express their delight at the image of the Queen with one saying: “Her Majesty looks so pretty. Our wonderful Queen, we love her.” Another added: “Beautiful Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II is radiant receiving The Emir of Qatar.”  After Her Majesty’s recent mobility issues saw her miss the State Opening of Parliament, fans were delighted and slightly concerned for her welfare ahead of a packed diary for the Platinum Jubilee. On Instagram, @Cathyfrankland said: “The Queen looks lovely, but I really hope that Her Majesty isn’t overdoing things and working too hard.” Only the day before her meeting with the Sheikh, the Queen was seen at the Chelsea Flower Show admiring the displays from the comfort of a luxury golf cart. The four-seater vehicle cost £62,000 and has been labelled the “Rolls Royce” of luxury golf carts. READ MORE: Saboteurs blow up Putin rail plan as 30 armoured vehicles destroyed A spokesperson for the palace said: “Adjustments have been made for the Queen’s comfort. “She arrived around 5:35pm and will be shown around 10 gardens using the vehicle.” Instagram user @Isabelle_in_london spoke about the Queen’s work ethic saying: “Always working! And smiling! She must be a leader for the young generations.” Other royals in attendance at the annual event included Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and her husband Eduardo Mapelli Mozzi. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Andrew be allowed back to royal duties? (POLL)Royal crisis as young people predict END of monarchy after Queen (INSIGHT)Readers fume at ‘completely outdated’ TV licence fee (REACTION)  Many of the displays honoured the Queen’s Jubilee year and other issues including climate change, racism, and community. In a statement the Queen said: “I am pleased that the John Ystumllyn rose is being planted in the Buckingham Palace Gardens today. “The rose has been bred as a mark of friendship and community, and I hope guests and visitors to the garden will have the opportunity to reflect on what this rose represents for many years to come.” 