On May 8, 2022, it was announced that Waterman had died. The iconic actor died aged 74-years-old after spending some time in hospital in Spain. The British star was best known for playing the character Terry McCann in the TV show Minder; a fictional professional boxer who became a bodyguard in 1970s London. On top of being a well-renowned actor, Waterman wrote and sang a number of his TV show theme tunes - including Minder's. Throughout the seven seasons that aired on ITV, Waterman's voice graced the opening credits of Minder. He wrote the show's theme song, I Could Be So Good for You, alongside his then-wife Patricia, as well as writer Gerard Kenny. Waterman also performed the track which would play at the beginning of every episode. And, to pay tribute to the actor after his death, fans have begun looking back at the hilarious music video - which you can watch below. One fan, Dan, posted the video alongside the comment: "Everything about this is just f*****g fabulous." And many other fans of Waterman were keen to agree. Brad said: "Singer of one of the greatest ever TV theme songs (so many questions about the video clip though!) Vale Dennis Waterman #Minder." (sic) Steve commented: "He wrote the theme tune and sung the theme tune and now now he sung his last tune. RIP Dennis Watermans. Here’s a little tribute to your greatest." (sic) Anne added: "One of the best TV tunes ever and a cracking good song." (sic) Another fan posited: "This is one of the best pop videos I've ever seen. Funny, honest and simple; a good-time had by all." (sic) Waterman's theme song was not just a hit with the fans, either. READ MORE: Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain Waterman's track I Could Be So Good for You was also a big commercial hit. The actor released the track officially as a single, which became a top-three hit in the UK and a top-ten hit in Australia in 1980. One fan commented on the official music video: "RIP Dennis. You brought smiles to millions back in the day. Have a good trip." Waterman also sang the theme songs to some of his other TV shows, including New Tricks, Stay Lucky, On The Up and What We Gonna Get 'er Indoors. DON'T MISS...Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [NEWS]Dennis Waterman daughter heartbroken as she posts heart-rending post [TRIBUTE]Actor Dennis Waterman dies in Spain aged 74 [INFO] Waterman's trend of producing and performing his own TV show's theme songs sparked an ongoing joke in the sketch comedy show Little Britain. In it, Matt Lucas and David Walliams parodied the actor wanting to write and sing his own theme tunes. Lucas recently paid tribute to Waterman after learning of his death. He spoke candidly about working with Waterman on the Little Britain sketch, calling it a "highlight" of his career. Lucas wrote: "I grew up watching Dennis Waterman's iconic performances in The Sweeney and Minder. His guest appearance in our Little Britain Live show at Hammersmith Apollo - in which he hilariously duetted with David's absurd impersonation of him - remains the absolute highlight of my career." Walliams followed suit and tweeted a photo of himself with Waterman: "This is my happiest moment ever on stage. Dennis Waterman & Dennis Waterman came together for a special Comic Relief performance of Little Britain Live at the Hammersmith Apollo in 2006. The audience went wild when the real Dennis Waterman walked onto the stage. He was such a great sport and acted his outrage at me and Matt for lampooning him superbly." He added: "Dennis had magnificent comic timing, and really made us both and the entire audience laugh. Matt and I caught each other’s eyes as we sang with him, thinking how did all this happen to us? It felt like magic. We were both huge fans of Dennis because of Minder, which is one of the funniest TV dramas of all time. If you have never seen it you are in for a treat. Dennis and George Cole together are perfection. I am so pleased he had a good time with us and had the last laugh." SOURCE