Meghan Markle officially joined the Royal Family in 2018. Prior to Prince Harry marrying Meghan, it was reported that Prince William was concerned over the speed of Harry's relationship with Meghan. Vanity Fair's Dynasty hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof discussed William's issues with his sister-in-law Meghan. Speaking on the latest episode of Dynasty, host Erin Vanderhoof said: "William's issues with Meghan seen to go beyond his conflict with his younger brother and Meghan's charismatic approach". Ms Vanderhoof suggested that this "didn't come out until Robert Lacey reported it later in 2020". She said: "According to Lacey, William thought Meghan's political causes were too trendy and disharmonious. "[These were] exemplified by that 2019 issue of British Vogue she [Meghan] edited". READ MORE: 'She's no fool' Queen is 'breaking free from past' as she prepares William and Kate Ms Vanderhoof continued: "It didn't go with his [William] vision of what the monarchy should be. "When William mentioned this to Harry, it apparently caused a really bad argument". Erin's co-host and royal expert Katie Nicholl added: "Well I think for William some of Meghan's causes might have veered too close to politics. "But she was never going to stop speaking out about the things that mattered to her. "Let's remember we are dealing with someone who has been speaking against sexism on the news since she was 11-years-old". READ MORE: Royal fan backlash as 'Sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' enrages everyone Ms Nicholl continued: "Meghan has said that women have a voice, they need to be empowered and she's going to use her voice. "We heard it from the very beginning when she said she wanted to hit the ground running, which is exactly what she did". Royal author Tina Brown, writer of The Palace Papers, revealed that William was reportedly concerned over Harry's relationship with Meghan. Ms Brown writes: "A person close to the Duke of Cambridge told me that William thought she should have more time to build up a life in the UK and make friends who didn’t always have to be brought in confidence to the Palace". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry announced their engagement in November 2017, a little over a year after their relationship was publicly confirmed. They got married in April 2018. In her new book, The Palace Papers, Ms Brown claimed that while Harry and Meghan were dating, William had the inkling that Meghan was not cut out to be a Duchess.