Married At First Sight Australia 2022 has now come to an end in the UK and fans are still after their fix of the quirky reality show. They have been keen to find out what some of the couples from previous seasons are up to now. Here's all you need to know about what happened to Melissa Walsh and John Robertson. John was already known to fans as he appeared in the fourth season but was unlucky in love. He hoped luck would be on his side the second time around when he was matched with Melissa in season five. As the more mature couple of the series, they became fan-favourites and were keen to continue their relationship throughout the experiment. However, not long after the cameras stopped rolling, they broke up. The pair released a joint statement on social media and were fully transparent with fans. READ MORE: What happened after MAFS Australia's Domenica and Olivia's feud? They said: "It has been a very difficult decision and it makes us both very sad to say we have decided to no longer continue as a couple. "We still have the utmost respect for each other but have found significant differences in our lives and expectations in relationships. "We have spoken at length about how to make it work and have been spending time with each other to let our relationship unfold but both agree it doesn't feel like it's going anywhere. "We still care deeply for each other as friends and will never forget the incredible times we have had together." As for where they are now, Melissa is a book coach who runs Melissa Marie Media and Events. Starting out her career as a journalist, she switched to PR and events management. The star has been keeping fans up to date with her personal life on Instagram. In her most recent post, she paid tribute to her mum on Mothers Day. She said: "To my mum who has always taught me how to be strong and independent, my children who allowed me to see the world through their eyes and are now mothers themselves, and my grandchildren who fill my heart with overwhelming joy, I love you all beyond limits." DON'T MISS... Are Tamara and Mitch from MAFS Australia dating? [INSIGHT] Are Domenica and Jack from MAFS Australia back together? [EXPLAINER] Ella and Brent MAFS Australia: Are Ella and Brent dating? [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, John still describes himself as "the token old guy from Married At First Sight". He has not been active on social media since 2020. The star showed support for one of his MAFS co-stars, Dean Wells, who appeared on Dancing with the Stars during that year. At the time he said: "The big man is putting himself out there it may not have been the most technically correct dance ever, but omg it was the most entertaining #give him some votes so we can see more of this TV gold!!” I could watch it all day." It seems Melissa has been focussing on her family since her break-up with John. She has not mentioned anything about another romance, instead choosing to share photos of her adorable grandchildren. In April 2022 she said: "When my children were little, one of my favourite things was reading to them. "Today I found myself with my two smallest grandchildren snuggled on my lap while we read a fairy tale. "Don’t you just love it when life surprises you? And, just like that, a random moment becomes a precious memory."  Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on ALL4.