In 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided to step down as senior working royals. Following their exit, the couple moved across the world to the US. For six months, prior to their move to California, the couple lived in Windsor's Frogmore Cottage and, despite not living in the UK, the pair have reportedly extended the licence on the property. Speaking on GB News, The Daily Mails's consultant editor, Andrew Pierce discussed the lease renewal and claims it could be for "if things don't go as well as expected in America". GB News' host Stephen Dixon said: "Are they going to stay living there [in the US], they have just updated the lease on Frogmore, haven't they?". Mr Pierce answered: "Yes, they have. "That shows they are keeping their options opens, aren't they, if things don't go as expected in America". He added: "Maybe if the Netflix deal doesn't bring them in as many millions". READ MORE: Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? Mr Dixon's co-host Rosie Wright added that it could be because "they want to have a little bit of restoration at home". Mr Pierce agreed, "Yeah, maybe. "I think they've got to do a bit of bridge building, they've used up a lot of goodwill. He added: "Don't forget he's [Harry] also got a book coming out this year. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry tipped for HUGE Queen olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' "[This] can only be more trouble for the Royal Family". The couple have extended their lease with a 12-month rolling deal at the property, which is a short distance from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's residence. It is also close to the Queen's apartments. The couple are due to visit the UK later this week to join the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] It is expected that the couple, along with their two children, will stay at Frogmore Cottage during their visit. Royal insiders believe the Sussexes have extended the lease as they plan to spend more time in Windsor. Earlier this month, Buckingham Palace announced the Sussexes, along with Prince Andrew, would not be appearing on the royal balcony during the Trooping of the Colour. This is becauase this is restricted to working members of the Royal Family.