Our Yorkshire Farm stars Amanda and Clive Owen bought High Smithy Holme, also known as Anty Johns, a remote farmhouse in the Swaledale parish of Muker, in 2020, which is a short distance from their sheep farm, Ravenseat. The couple is now set to start the process of turning the semi-derelict cottage into a two-bed home after having been given permission. However, the plans reveal the home only has two bedrooms, meaning it would be unsuitable for the family of 11 to live there. Grade II listed property Anty Johns, which features an attached barn, dates back to the early 18th century and has been empty for around 60 years. It was once the home of Anthony Clarkson, a Georgian-era land surveyor and commissioner who designed all of the tithe maps of Swaledale. The Owens submitted plans for a conversion into a two-bedroom dwelling as the property is in a semi-derelict state and has suffered from roof collapses. The floor plan includes a living room, hall/stairs and cupboard in the former parlour and dairy service room, a lounge in what was once a stable, kitchen/diner, utility and shower rooms to the rear, and two upstairs bedrooms. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' No objections to the scheme were received either from official consultees or members of the public. The Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority's planning officers recommended the application for approval, commenting that the plans “struck a good balance” between conserving the building's historic character and the requirements of modern habitation. They added that they were supportive of the farm being brought back into use. Some conditions were imposed, including the installation of bat boxes on a sycamore tree in the grounds. The Owens originally told the media that their purchase of High Smithy Holme was to provide themselves with a permanent home near their livestock, as Ravenseat is a tenanted property. Duty Free Shops billionaire businessman Robert Warren Miller owns the land. The Owens also own a 17th-century cottage called The Firs, which is rented as a holiday let. However, the fact that High Smithy Holme will only include two bedrooms suggests it is unlikely to be large enough for the couple's nine children, most of whom are still of school age. DONT MISS:Rod Stewart pulls pints after turning mansion into football ground (PHOTOS)Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner flaunts baby bump at Met Gala 2022 (NEWS)Sharon Osbourne 'beside herself with worry' over Ozzy catching Covid (LATEST) Amanda and her family, including husband Clive and their nine children, Raven, Reuben, 17, Miles, 15, Edith, 12, Violet, 10, Sidney, nine, Annas seven, Clemmie and Nancy, four, have seen wide success over the last five years as their Channel 5 show Our Yorkshire Farm became a nationwide hit. The show follows Amanda and her brood as they reveal the highs and lows of living and working on a farm. Broadcaster and friend of the Owen family Ben Fogle has praised Amanda for her constant hard work and not being afraid to take risks. Whilst appearing on the Welcome to Yorkshire, Talkshire podcast with Caroline Nickle, Ben opened up about his first time meeting the Owen family. Ben said: "I spent a week with the Owen's, and I knew then that they were an extraordinary family, I found them inspiring, uplifting, amusing, funny, all of those things. "Obviously, the success of her and her family on my series turned into this extraordinary series that she now does but has so many fans, and I totally understand it," he added. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.