We shouldn’t have to crusade for disabled people in this country to have the right financial support to get by, but it is needed because the support the Government has offered so far simply doesn’t touch the sides. What we need is targeted and urgent financial support made available to disabled families. They’ve cut back every cost they can, they’re applying for every bit of financial support going, and they’re now facing choices nobody should ever have to face. Choices such as – do I have lunch today, or do I charge my wheelchair so I can get around my home? We’ve heard from people whose lives will be put at risk because they can’t afford the electricity they need for medical equipment like oxygen machines. And what’s most terrifying of all is that things are only going to get worse, when energy prices rise again in October. Without action from the government, we will plunge deeper and deeper into a society where disabled people can’t afford to eat, stay warm or use equipment they need to stay alive. Many of you reading this might assume costs like these would be covered by the NHS, or in some other way. But the stark truth is, many aren’t. The closest thing is the disability benefit Personal Independence Payment (PIP), which is meant to help cover these vital and unavoidable extra costs disabled people face to live independently. But new analysis by Scope - reported in The Daily Express tomorrow - shows sky-high inflation means there will be a £1bn real-terms cut to PIP over the coming year. That’s a cut of £505 a year for disabled people with the highest living costs. Where is that money going to come from? This is an emergency, and as a society, we cannot keep burying our head in the sand about how grave things are for disabled people. We are calling for the government to uprate benefits in line with inflation, which seems only fair and sensible. But it should also look to provide immediate, non-repayable financial relief to disabled households that are struggling. And get energy companies to be speaking to all their disabled customers now to do everything they can to support them. The Government absolutely can provide targeted support to disabled people and their families to support them through the worst cost-of-living crisis in generations. And Scope will gladly welcome Government ministers to meet our helpline team and disabled people, to hear first-hand how this crisis is impacting the choices and decisions they are having to make. It’s a choice of whether they care enough to listen before it’s too late.         