Gareth Southgate has given an indication of what his squad will look like for the World Cup later this year after announcing the players who will play for England in the four Nations League matches next month. A few players such as Jadon Sancho and Ben Chilwell are not deemed fit enough to feature while Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson was also omitted. But there are places for the likes of Fikayo Tomori, Marc Guehi, James Justin and Jarrod Bowen after impressive campaigns for their respective clubs. Southgate still has several months until the World Cup in Qatar, but the games next month will be his best chance to work with the group for a long period of time. And there may well be a few players for Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United who are sweating on their place in the England squad for the World Cup. Express Sport takes a look at eight players for those three clubs who will face an important few months to get into Southgate's squad. Chelsea have both Mason Mount and Reece James as their only representatives in Southgate's squad for the Nations League games. But they won't be the only players in contention to feature in Qatar later this year. JUST IN: Gareth Southgate overlooks Man Utd stars as England squad announced  Callum Hudson-Odoi has been on the periphery of Southgate's squad for the past few years but hasn't been called up since 2019. The 21-year-old has struggled for regular minutes under Thomas Tuchel, but will be hoping for more minutes at the start of next season to push into the squad. Trevoh Chalobah may also see his role increase at Chelsea next year with the amount of defensive changes. He's yet to earn his first call-up to Southgate's squad but will likely be in contention later this year. DON'T MISS  Harry Maguire is the sole Manchester United player in Southgate's squad this time around having had as many as four in the Euro 2020 squad last summer. Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw and Dean Henderson have lost their place in Southgate's squad following a disappointing campaign for United. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is yet to make his England debut and will need a drastic improvement on his form to oust the likes of Kyle Walker, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Reece James with England well stocked at right back. While Wan-Bissaka may miss out, Henderson, Shaw and Rashford will all be hoping they're on the plane to Qatar. Bukayo Saka and Aaron Ramsdale have both earned their spot as regulars in Southgate's England squad over the past year. Both will be expecting to be on the plane to Qatar, but there is currently no space for Emile Smith Rowe in Southgate's squad. Smith Rowe made his England debut back in November last year and impressed in the following game against San Marino. But the 21-year-old has struggled to oust Martin Odegaard and Gabriel Martinelli for a regular starting spot at Arsenal in the second half of the season. Eddie Nketiah has been somewhat of a specialist at Under-21 level for England, but he's been unable to make that step up into the senior squad to date. The 22-year-old ended the season with Arsenal in good form with five goals in seven games, but faces a huge decision on his future this summer. If Arsenal keep him, Nketiah will want reassurances of his minutes to try and break into the England squad.