The tongue-in-cheek plaque had been placed on the bench on the Castle grounds, overlooking the sea. However, due to the unique inscription on the small metal plate, steps were taken to remove the memorial.  The script read: “In loving memory of Huw Davies. “Used to sit here and shout f*** off at the seagulls.” Some took to Twitter to share their views on the novelty plaque. James Vaughan said: “By some distance the best park bench memorial I’ve ever encountered.”  The tweet gained over 173,000 likes and was shared nearly 19,000 times, with users finding amusement in the plaque, and sharing their favourite memorial plaques from across the globe. One Twitter user, Cynical Archivist, wrote: “I must admit this Huw Davies sounds an amusing character. “If this Park bench memorial helps people remember him well then so be it.” Another wrote: “Oh fantastic, I wish I had known that man. I think we would’ve got on in lots of ways.”  READ MORE:Indian couple sue son for £530,000 for not having children Upon the plaque going viral, local reporters attended the scene where the bench is located only to find the council had removed the plaque. A spokesperson for Ceredigion County Council said: “An unauthorised plaque had been placed, by an unknown person, on an existing bench within Aberystwyth Castle grounds. “The plaque has been removed.” Other similarly amusing plaques have been seen around the country.One of the most common is the “wet paint” plaque. Another, read: “Dedicated to M.R. Atkinson. “Not dead, just like plaques.”  DON'T MISS:Russia hammer blow as Ukraine destroys arms depot [REPORT]Butterkist unveils Wagatha Christie ad showing lawyer eating popcorn [REVEAL]Putin prepares double-edged NATO battle plan [INSIGHT] Another amusing memorial in Chester wrote: “This bench is dedicated to the men who lost the will to live whilst following their partners around the shoe shops of Chester.” One rebellious notice on a bench in Cheshire reads: “This bench is reserved for the young, beautiful and affluent. “If you are old, ugly or poor, please sit elsewhere.” Some signs have also been dedicated to pets. One of the most heart-warming reads: “For Barney, who was a bad dog, but a good boy, and very much loved.” Benches are not the only place amusing notices have appeared. Gravestones have also seen several humorous messages remembering loved ones. One read: “Here lies John Yeast. “Pardon me for not rising.” While another one said: “Raised four beautiful daughters with only one bathroom, and still there was love.” 