Warning: The following article contains spoilers for Outlander season six and seven. Before the horrific crime befalling Fraser’s Ridge in the sixth season of Outlander is solved, Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) must first reunite with his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe), who was falsely accused of murder. Fans of Diana Gabaldon’s original series of novels already know what happens next, and executive producer for the Starz series Maril Davis has hinted what’s to come when the historical drama continues. Producer Maril has implied Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) will turn himself in for the murder of his daughter, Malva (Jessica Reynolds) at the start of Outlander season seven. The Starz adaptation of Diana’s novels will have to wrap up the events of book six, A Breath of Snow and Ashes, before moving on to An Echo in the Bone in the next outing. Until then, the mystery of Malva’s death is still unsolved, and Claire has been imprisoned by Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) after being found at the scene of the crime. Maril has since confirmed the resolution of the terrible plot will very much fall in line with the outcome in the books. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures “We will see in season seven, kind of, the reasons why Tom has done what he’s done,” she revealed. Her comments suggest Tom himself will confess to Malva’s murder. For now, Claire’s case for her innocence doesn’t look good as she was found at the scene of the crime after her husband Jamie was accused of impregnating Malva. However, devout Presbyterian Tom could also have a motive for killing his daughter after finding out she had become pregnant out of wedlock. The producer told Variety: “Tom is a flawed character, played so brilliantly by Mark Lewis Jones. “He’s flawed and he’s conflicted. He’s always at war with himself. He knows what’s right or what he thinks is right.” Despite all his flaws, fans of the books will already know Tom isn’t the real culprit, either. “He’s a very pious man. He’s very judgmental,” Maril added. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus teases Carol’s return [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast chaos as Dan surprises Sally with bizarre clothing [VIDEO]Outlander boss pays tribute to Young Ian star [COMMENT] “Deep down, he’s a fair man and he wants to see justice for his daughter. I think deep down, he probably knows Claire didn’t do it. “But regardless if she did it or not, he’s not okay with this vigilante justice.” At the end of a dramatic season finale, Claire was dragged from her home against her will to be imprisoned over 200 miles away from the Ridge. In Diana’s novel, Tom has fallen in love with Claire, and realises the only way to rescue her from a death sentence is to admit to the crime himself. In reality, Tom’s own son Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos) had impregnated his half-sister, who began sexual relationships with various men to avoid the truth coming out. Before she has a chance to come clean, Allan murders her, killing their unborn baby despite Claire’s attempts to perform a perimortem C-section. To avoid an even greater scandal, Tom may be left with no choice but to take responsibility for the murder, most likely bringing his time on the Ridge to a close. Then again, Starz’s adaptation of the bestselling novels has taken some dramatic departures from the original novels before, so Maril could be misleading fans to hit them with an even bigger twist when the series returns. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.