The new Channel 5 series will see Susan immersing herself in the antique industry to learn all about valuable collectibles. BBC's Flog It and Antiques Road Trip star Paul Martin will be part of the expert team along with Natasha Raskin Sharp and Danny Sebastian. Speaking exclusively, to Express.co.uk, Paul paid tribute to the presenter, calling Susan the "best" he has worked with. The 63-year-old reflected: "I've been in the business a long time, you know, 23 years. "And you know, I started many shows, hundreds under my belt, but there's always something to learn. And I learned lots from her. "She's fun, she's witty, she's sharp. I first met her, actually, about two-and-a-half years ago on Richard Osmond's House of Games. "We were paired up together and then we got on so well. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? "It was really nice being reunited for this series, actually. So yeah, I'm very proud to be part of it." He added: "Susan's enthusiasm is infectious. She's the best - she's the best presenter I've worked with." The antique genius went on: "And, you know, she doesn't mind making a fool of herself and we've all made fools of ourselves on telly. "You know, she's a real trooper and she learns very, very quickly. "Hopefully, the audience are going to learn with her as this journey unfolds, because it's just been a dream." Big Antique Adventure with Susan Calman sees the TV star spend a week at Hemswell in Lincolnshire – Europe’s biggest antiques centre. She will be helping guests buy, sell and restore their antique possessions as she learns the tricks of the trade. Susan is a complete novice so will be representing the audience in the show, who can learn a few tips themselves along the way. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop star reflects on one of 'most emotional' moments [VIDEO]Liverpool MP recalls horror of 'police brutality: 'Begging security' [LATEST]Francois lauds return of imperial system 'Rolling back red tape' [VIDEO] "It's a bit of everything," Paul said when asked to describe the new series. "So nobody's going to get bored, everybody can learn something. "And I think Susan, over the course of the few weeks that we filmed this, she really honed her eye. "And she had a really good look and she knows what she wants. "That's a really good starting point. You know, don't be fickle, be brave, and go with your gut." Paul hosted Flog It! from when it first started in 2002 until it ended in 2020. He also appears on Antiques' Road Trip, which he described as "mayhem." Big Antique Adventure with Susan Calman starts on Monday at 7pm on Channel 5.