Dennis Waterman died yesterday at his home in Spain aged 74, his family confirmed. The New Tricks star once admitted after the series was over that he had been “doing f***all” and had not actively looked for work. Following the end of the series, Dennis explained that he had swapped his home in the UK for a smaller house in Spain. He once described his relaxing days in the sunny country in an unearthed interview. Dennis admitted he used to “sneer” at people who retire early, but eventually he too embraced the lifestyle. He said: “I’m not rushing about looking for work really – I’ll see how far the money goes. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show "I’ve found out a remarkable thing about myself is that I’m really, really good at doing f*** all. “I’ve always sneered at people who have gone into early retirement and thought, 'what are you going to do?', but I’ve taken to it like a duck to water.” However, he pointed out he had not completely retired but was enjoying the sunshine with his wife. The actor said: “We’re spending a lot of time in Spain so we’re lolling in the sun, having a splash when it gets too hot and then going and having a game of golf. "And there is drink involved. It’s murder. I am really good at it. Dennis added to The Mirror: “We’ve downsized from our four up four down, to two up two down too.” Dennis’ family shared a statement detailing the news of his death yesterday. It read: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved Dennis passed away very peacefully in hospital in Spain." DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS]Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] "He died on Sunday afternoon with wife Pam at his side." "The family kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time," they added. Born in Clapham, London, Dennis was the youngest of nine children, where he attended Corona Stage School as a child. His first acting role was in Night Train for Inverness in 1960 and he also starred in two small stage roles for the Royal Shakespeare Company that same year. Dennis later played Detective Sergeant George Carter opposite John Thaw in ITV's police drama The Sweeney. He went on to enjoy more success in Minder from 1979 to 1989 as bodyguard Terry McCann. Dennis’ character was a partner to George Cole's wheeler dealer Arthur Daley. He also sang the theme song I Could Be So Good For You, which was a top three hit in the 1980s.