While state pension age is currently 66, this may not be a reality for growing numbers of women. This is because many are concerned their pension is simply not enough for them to be financially independent. New research has suggested women are now facing a “pension crisis” with a retirement shortfall. It has been estimated 50 percent of women will need to keep working beyond retirement to make ends meet. Some 53 percent of those asked said their pension is not enough for their retirement. The research was carried out by Working Wise as part of their Gendered Ageism report. READ MORE: State pension could be inherited - could you get the ‘extra payment'? It found 83 percent of women asked have worked part-time for at least one year of their career, and 27 percent for at least a decade. This could have a drastic impact on the ability to build up a workplace pension over time. With a break in income, women may also have an interval in any personal pensions, also impacting retirement. Of course, many women will be able to look towards the state pension in later life. DON'T MISSState pension entitlement alert for people with more than one job [INSIGHT]Over 50s urged to act on state pension, inheritance tax and pension [EXCLUSIVE]Scam warning as woman, 59, loses £48,000 by ‘sharing screen' [WARNING] However, the sum is increasingly being viewed as simply a safety net for retirement. In addition, if women have had career breaks to care for children or relatives, they may have gaps in their National Insurance record. This could ultimately impact the amount they are able to secure from the state pension. Gillian Nissim, Founder at Working Wise, said: “The gender pension gap is 37.9 percent which is startling until you see the results of this report which reveals that from the moment women have caring responsibilities, their pensions start to come crashing down. “Women are more likely to have ongoing caring responsibilities that mean they will reduce their hours, work-part time or require flexible working. “It is these necessities that are causing women to reduce or even stop their pension payments, these career decisions are then coming back to haunt women’s pensions in later life.” A number of issues have impacted women and their finances across their lives. Some cited career progression being halted by women taking on caring responsibilities, while others described the impact of the menopause. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Beyond caring responsibilities, health concerns were also a major issue for women, with 34 percent cutting back hours due to a health issue. Ms Nissim has called for an increase in support for women when it comes to understanding their pension savings. The expert has said changes in the workplace are likely to be necessary in tackling both the pay and the pension gap. She added: “That over 50 percent of women will need to keep working beyond requirement is a huge wake-up call to the true impact that this pensions gap is having on women’s lives.”