Bargain Hunt returns to BBC One this lunchtime and the escapist series will see different experts offer advice to the Red and Blue teams. Raj Bisram is a regular face on the show and he has offered some insight into his other hobbies. Fans may be interested to hear he was once a member of the Magic Circle. Raj Bisram is known and loved for being an antiques expert and auctioneer, making appearances on Antiques Road Trip, Flog It!, Four Rooms and more. He also co-founded Bentley's Fine Art and Antiques Auction House in Kent in 1995. The TV presenter has had an interesting career history, enlisting in the British Army after school. His interests outside of work include skiing, cricket and poker, as well as performing magic. He was previously a member of the Magic Circle and has performed magic across the globe for both celebrities and royalty. READ MORE: Who is Bargain Hunt expert Gary Pe? He still offers after-dinner entertainment and performs magic to guests. The website allelectricproductions.co.uk lists Raj as one of their acts. They said: "Raj spent much of his early life working his way around the world as a magician and was an Associate Member of the Magicians Circle. "He brings this flair for magic to his after-dinner entertainment and finishes it with a flurry as two of the waiters suddenly reveal themselves to be magicians and the three of them go round all the tables enchanting the guests by making things disappear and reappear – a memorable and fun end to any dinner event." The Magic Circle is a globally recognised society of magicians and it has more than 1,500 members. Top magicians such as David Copperfield and Dynamo are all members. Founded in 1905, the purpose of the exclusive club is to promote the art of magic. In order to gain entry, magicians have to prove their skill and swear to abide by the Latin motto Indocilis private loqui, which translates as “not apt to disclose secrets”. DON'T MISS... ‘Careful!’ Bargain Hunt’s Charles Hanson in embarrassing fall [VIDEO] Philip Serrell children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [INSIGHT] What did Roo Irvine do before Bargain Hunt? [EXPLAINER] Raj, who is married to Susan Bisram and has two daughters, has not spoken much about his time as a magician since his appearances on Bargain Hunt. If he was not working in the antiques trade, he said he would like to work in sport. The star added: "In my youth I had a job as road manager and team member of The Flying Skis, an aerial ski stunt team. Any job in sport would have been great." On how he likes to spend his free time, he said family time was important. He added: "I like to spend my free time relaxing at home in the Kent countryside. "Walking the dog to the local pub on a Sunday lunchtime has become a family tradition. "Other interests include skiing, tennis, playing bridge, reading and the occasional game of poker." The antiques expert said he has been collecting sporting items, "much to the annoyance" of his wife.  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm.