The Prime Minister mockingly called the Labour leader “Sir Beer Korma” as he blasted his opposition for his “frankly sanctimonious obsession” with Boris Johnson’s rule-breaking during the pandemic. He asked why, given Sir Keir Stamer’s “high standards”, the Labour leader is “still in his place” opposite him in the House of Commons and called for him “to apologise” and be done with it. Mr Johnson then went on to say he continues to be “humbled” by the events highlighted in Sue Gray’s report but that the “sensible thing” would be to “collectively move on”.    Mr Johnson told the House of Commons: “After months of [Sir Keir’s] frankly sanctimonious obsession, the great gazes zeppelin of his pomposity has been permanently punctured irretrievably by the revelation that he is himself - what? He didn’t mention this? - under investigation by the police. “I’m not going to mince my words but I’ve got to say this: Sir Beer Korma is currently failing to hold himself to the same high standards that he demanded of me. “He called for me to resign when the investigation began. Why is he still in his place? “Mr Speaker, [Sir Keir] should at least be consistent and hold himself to the same standards. He’s still there and so is the shadow deputy leader.    “I apologised when the revelations emerged and I continue to apologise. I repeat that I am humbled by what has happened and have instituted profound changes throughout No 10. “But I think in view of the mess in which he has found himself, it would now be a sensible thing for him, too, to apologise, so that we can all collectively move on, Mr Speaker. “That is what I think the people of this country want to see above all. “They want to see leadership from this House of Commons, leadership from both parties, in dealing with their priorities.” READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should Boris RESIGN after Sue Gray's damning report? [POLL]    The Sue Gray report, which was made public in its entirety this morning, gave details of events during various lockdowns during the pandemic at which officials drank so much they were sick, sang karaoke, became involved in altercations and abused security and cleaning staff. The report said the "senior leadership" in No 10 must "bear responsibility" for the culture that led to the rule-breaking. The Prime Minister faced fresh demands to resign after the report said the public would be "dismayed" by the behaviour uncovered. Ms Gray said in the report: "The events that I investigated were attended by leaders in government. Many of these events should not have been allowed to happen.” DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson ‘still the best person’ for job as readers support PM [INSIGHT]Sue Gray report: All NINE photos of Boris breaking lockdown rules [REVEAL]Boris Johnson press conference: When the PM will speak [REVEAL]    The Metropolitan Police has issued 126 fines for rule breaches in No 10 and Whitehall, with the Prime Minister receiving a single fixed-penalty notice for his birthday party in the Cabinet Room in June 2020. But senior civil servant Ms Gray condemned the wider culture that had been allowed to develop under Mr Johnson's leadership. She said some of the more junior officials who attended parties "believed that their involvement in some of these events was permitted given the attendance of senior leaders". Ms Gray said:"The senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility for this culture.”  