The Moon will continue its transit in Cancer until 12.50pm, where it will enter brash and enthusiastic Leo. Leo energy is warm, vibrant, and generally upbeat, but passionate tendencies can lead to more overreactions and drama.Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 7. The Moon will continue its transit in Cancer until 12.50pm, where it will enter brash and enthusiastic Leo. Leo energy is warm, vibrant, and generally upbeat, but passionate tendencies can lead to more overreactions and drama. In astrology, the sign of Leo rules over creative self-expression, vitality, children and leadership. As a sign with fire energy, emotions might feel more intense during one of these Moon transits, leading you to react a little more brazen than you usually would. However, being a fixed sign, means the emotional energy of a Leo Moon is fixed too, so now isn’t the best time to evoke change.  READ MORE: Horoscopes: Your horoscope for next week - Russell Grant analysis  However, time could be better used in creative projects as imaginative Leo can help you better think outside the box, as well as provide the drive to see projects through to completion. The transit might also put you in more need of attention and affection today, so if you’re feeling a little more needy than usual, the Leo Moon can answer for it. Dark Pixie Astrology said: “Some may find this a good time to put themselves on display publicly, and it’s a good period for the arts - especially the theatre.” But it’s not just Leo Moon energy helping to propel you, the Sun-Mars sextile will also bear significant impact on motivation levels today.  Cafe Astrology said: “With today’s Sun-Mars sextile, we want to take the initiative, and we feel we can accomplish a lot. “Our sense of rhythm and timing is good, and stress eases as we feel confident about our abilities and our judgment.” You might find it easier to assert yourself without offending anyone, and you might also be more up for taking on a challenge. Cafe Astrology said energies derived from these planet placements might make you feel “energised, particularly about tying up loose ends or dealing with financial matters”.  DON'T MISS:How to invest in cryptocurrency - risks and benefits for crypto [INSIGHT]Gardening: How to get rid of ivy in gardens - ‘effective’ solution [ANALYSIS]How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods [EXPLAINED]    It continued: “It can be a time of resourcefulness when we respond to problems or challenges with spirited and enthusiastic confidence.” The Moon remains in transit of Leo through to Sunday, when you’ll see the first quarter Moon of May. The Mars transit may cause more emotional irritation with risks of rapid escalation or emotional outbursts. Astrology King said: “You might become emotionally attached to things, which can make it hard to be rational and objective.” Embrace the trial and error of this transit, as it might provide some valuable lessons. 