While there’s uncertainty over a number of things at Manchester United, Erik ten Hag being manager is no longer one of them. It was recently confirmed the 52-year-old would be taking over from Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford, with Steve McClaren now set to return as the Dutchman’s assistant. And it’s recently been reported that the 61-year-old believes Marcus Rashford is worth keeping. Manchester United have turned to former names to be on their coaching team ever since the retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013. David Moyes came in with Phil Neville, though the duo lasted just 10 months before both losing their jobs. Louis van Gaal made Ryan Giggs his No 2, with Jose Mourinho then doing the same with Michael Carrick - who later stayed to work with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And, now, Ten Hag is set to bring McClaren back as they look to build a dynasty at Old Trafford. It will be quite a move, with McClaren previously working under Sir Alex Ferguson when the club won the treble in 1999. He’s had a mixed managerial career ever since, doing well with the likes of FC Twente and Middlesbrough but disappointing at Newcastle, Derby County and Queens Park Rangers. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But Ten Hag is sold on the idea of McClaren returning, believing his skills as a coach can benefit both himself and the whole squad. Recently, it was reported that McClaren had advised United to keep hold of Rashford during talks in Amsterdam. And while there’s no denying the England international has endured a frustrating season, that seems to be the right call. Yes, Rashford’s five goals this term is nowhere good enough. Not for a player who has previously been spoken in the same breath as Paris Saint-Germain’s Kylian Mbappe. But, when on form, the 24-year-old is one of the best talents this country has to offer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Rashford was outstanding when he first burst onto the scene under Van Gaal, netting eight goals from 18 appearances as the club won the FA Cup in 2016. He then developed well under Jose Mourinho, even if he wasn’t always guaranteed a starting berth. But, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the helm, he displayed the best football of his career. Rashford bagged 22 goals in the 2019/2020 season, with only Anthony Martial finding the net more. And he was impressive playing through the pain last year, too, striking 21 times from 57 appearances. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz With the right coach - something he’s arguably not had during his time at United - Rashford has the potential to scale new heights. And that’s something McClaren appears to be aware of at a time where he’s poised to move to Old Trafford again. Rashford has attracted interest from Arsenal, though the fact they’re likely to miss out on Champions League qualification could count against them. PSG and Barcelona have also emerged as potential suitors for the England international. But United won’t want to lose an academy graduate with so much talent at this stage of his career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Instead, the onus will be on Ten Hag and McClaren to get the forward back to his blockbuster best. While Rashford is likely to stay, there’s uncertainty over other attackers as the summer transfer window creeps closer. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, having last featured in the club’s 1-0 win over West Ham in January. Edinson Cavani’s contract is due to expire amid interest from teams in La Liga and South America. And Martial’s stock has fallen drastically, with the forward’s issues ongoing in Spain with Sevilla at the current moment in time.