If Wordle is too easy for you, then it sounds like you might be ready for Quordle. The twist with Quordle is that players must figure out four words instead of just one, which is every bit as difficult as it sounds. Needless to say, fans are finding it extremely tough to build up any kind of winning streak, which is why Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues to help with Quordle 116 on May 20. Good luck! Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter Q. 2. The first word contains three vowels. 3. These eggs are delicious with a sprinkle of salt. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter D. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. With hot weather like this, you won't need to use one of these after washing your clothes. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter G. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. Surname of a famous Irish goalkeeper named Shay. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter P. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. This is not the time or the...