NCIS Los Angeles is over for another series, reaching its emotional grand finale on Sunday, May 22, on CBS. The police procedural saw the usual cast take on another investigation with some new faces also providing their assistance. One of them was actress Lesley Boone who guest-starred in the instalment Come Together. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. In the NCIS Los Angeles series 13 finale, the team were investigating the robbery of a casino. The culprits had modified a vehicle so it could shoot bullets and even grenades as they charged through the building. NCIS had to find out who was behind the robbery and Admiral Kilbride (played by Gerald McRaney) had someone in mind who could help with their inquiries. This woman was a Los Angeles-based arms dealer Nina Barnes (Lesley Boone) who was introduced for the first time in the drama. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast  When Agent Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) went to see Nina, they discovered she owned a bakery. She was also running a cake decorating class when they walked in to get some assistance on those behind the heist. But don't let her cake-making facade fool you as she has dangerous contacts around the globe and speaks several languages so she can speak to them in their native tongue. So could Nina become both a useful and a very dangerous ally to NCIS Los Angeles?   Arms dealer Nina Barnes is portrayed by actress Lesley Boone who has starred in various series since the late 1980s. Some of these include Growing Pains, High Incident, Desperate Housewives, Agent Carter, Grey's Anatomy and Kevin (Probably) Saves the World. In the 1990s, Boone was Marlene Gilbert, one of the three sisters in the Fox sitcom Babes. But she is probably best known for another show which aired for four years on NBC.  DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby suffers huge blow after show is 'axed' [CANCELLED]NCIS LA: Fans left emotional after 'incredible' finale  [REACTION]NCIS season 19: Jimmy foreshadowed romance with Knight in key moment [THEORY]  Boone portrayed none other than Molly Hudson in the 2000 drama Ed. The series was about lawyer Ed Stevens (Tom Cavanagh) who decided to return to his hometown after being fired and discovering his wife had been cheating on him. According to her IMDb page, besides from NCIS Los Angeles, her latest part was in The Good Doctor in 2020 as a character called Marta Cruz. Whether or not she will be back for any more episodes in the CBS series is not yet known.   Season 13 of NCIS Los Angeles may be done and dusted with but this won't be the end. NCIS LA has already been renewed for a 14th series which is expected to start later this year. NCIS was also given the go-ahead for season 20 and NCIS Hawaii for its second series. NCIS Los Angeles is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK. 