Sleep deprivation is rife in Britain and a recent study from Direct Line Life Insurance hints at the scale of the problem. Over 7.5 million people (14 percent of adults) sleep for less than five hours a night on average, which health experts say is dangerous to both mental and physical health. There are numerous causes of sleep loss and some can be benign, such as erratic working hours. However, sleep deprivation can also signal a sleep disorder. According to Doctor Holly Milling, Clinical Psychologist and Founder of The Sleep Practice, there are three telltale signs of a sleep disorder. She explained: "If you’re struggling to sleep, waking up feeling unrefreshed or experiencing extreme daytime sleepiness on a regular basis, talk to your GP or a sleep specialist." According to the doc, if you recognise any of the above, it may be that you have a sleep disorder, which may need more specialist support. There are many different types of sleep disorders. They're often grouped into categories that explain why they happen or how they affect you. READ MORE: Turn lights off at night to reduce the risk of diabetes and heart disease says new study According to the Mayo Clinic, sleep disorders can also be grouped according to behaviours, problems with your natural sleep-wake cycles, breathing problems, difficulty sleeping or how sleepy you feel during the day. "There are many ways to help diagnose sleep disorders. Doctors can usually treat most sleep disorders effectively once they're correctly diagnosed," adds the Mayo Clinic. More often than not, sleep loss is not a sign of a sleep disorder so can be remedied by making simple lifestyle tweaks. DON'T MISSErectile dysfunction can signal two life-threatening conditions [INSIGHT]Two Covid symptoms you should take 'really seriously' [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares longevity secret [TIPS] Doctor Milling recommends trying the following: What the latest research found out Direct Line’s study found over a third (36 percent) of those in poor health have under five hours’ sleep compared to just eight percent of those who are in good or excellent health. Wellbeing and sleep are closely linked, as three quarters (75 percent) of those with a medical condition, some 5.8 million people, are dissatisfied with their sleep. Over a third (34 percent) of Brits believe that they have physical or mental health problems that could be attributed to a lack of sleep. Young people are most likely to believe that their health has suffered due to not getting enough sleep, with nearly half of 18-34 year olds seeing health suffer due to sleep compared to 13 percent of those over 75. Despite dangerously low levels of sleep, many people believe they have a good relationship with sleep. The study showed over half (57 percent) of Brits were satisfied with their sleep, despite just 28 percent having the recommended amount a night. Women (48 percent) were more likely to be dissatisfied with their sleep than men (39 percent). Vincent Guadagnino, Communications Manager at Direct Line Life Insurance, commented: “It’s shocking to see how many of us do not have enough sleep and yet, research shows, sleep is very closely linked to our wellbeing. There are so many demands on our time now that clearly sleep has fallen down the priority list when work, social life and family all take so much of our waking hours. Doctor Milling added: “The science is clear: sleep is one of the biggest health investments we can make. It is so important for our physical and psychological health and our study highlights the need we have as a society to change our relationship with sleep. We need to stop seeing sleep as a luxury and start seeing it as a necessity. "If you want to improve your health and wellbeing in 2022, the best piece of advice I can give is to start with sleep, as healthy sleep offers a solid foundation for everything else. Those goals you set will be so much more successful if they’re based on a good night’s sleep” “What’s interesting is that having enough sleep is really an investment in our short and long-term health. We have worked in partnership with Doctor Holly Milling on our Need for Sleep study to bring awareness and provide useful information and tips to anyone who wants to improve their relationship with sleep.”