Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is closing in on the signing of Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay, who has been tipped to move to Merseyside this summer. But the 18-year-old’s arrival could see three players quit Anfield. Liverpool, who have already won this season’s Carabao Cup, have enjoyed another stellar campaign and could yet land a historic quadruple if they can win their FA Cup and Champions League finals and leapfrog Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table this month. Klopp appears to already have an eye on the future, however, and is desperate to prise Ramsay away from Scotland to provide back-up for first-choice right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold. And that could spell the end for Neco Williams, Joe Gomez and James Milner. Williams came through the Reds academy and made his first-team debut in a Carabao Cup clash with Arsenal in October 2019. The 21-year-old was given a taste of the Premier League during the latter stages of the Merseysiders’ title-winning season and also enjoyed gametime throughout the last campaign amid his side’s injury crisis. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'   But he doesn’t appear to have what it takes to compete with Alexander-Arnold for a place in the team and was shipped out on loan to Championship side Fulham in January. The youngster has been a regular for the Cottagers and helped the team land the title to secure promotion back to the Premier League. And he is now likely to move to Craven Cottage on a permanent basis. Gomez formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk at the heart of the Liverpool defence during their title-winning campaign. And his form for Klopp’s side saw him win 11 England caps. But he was struck down by a serious knee injury in November 2020 and was forced to miss eight months of action before returning last summer. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to replace 15 players as Erik ten Hag 'won't want any of them' [QUOTES]Erling Haaland to Man City transfer now a 'done deal' with confirmation set for this week [GOSSIP]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]     The 24-year-old has looked a shadow of his former self since taking to the pitch again though and has struggled for gametime this season. And he’s been linked with a move to Aston Villa. Gomez has played at right-back more than he’s played at centre-back this season. But if Ramsay comes to the club and jumps ahead of him in the pecking order, the former Charlton Athletic man may just decide to call time on his Liverpool career. Milner, meanwhile, is 36 and is coming to the end of his career anyway. He’s made 13 starts for the Reds this season, with four of those coming as a right-back. With Liverpool looking to strengthen in midfield, the veteran could find opportunities hard to come by in the centre of the pitch. And if Alexander-Arnold and Ramsay are at the club, he might not even be given games at right-back. So the Yorkshireman could choose to depart the club for one final swansong. And a return to hometown club Leeds shouldn’t be ruled out. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 