The first week of the French Open is all wrapped up and the start of the second has already started, with all of the round-of-16 matches played and the quarter-finals decided. The last-eight has thrown up a long-awaited 59th meeting between Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal - their first match since the world No 1 upset the 13-time champion in the semi-final last year. Carlos Alcaraz is also through to the quarter-final in the same half of the draw after both he and his next opponent Alexander Zverev saved a match point each to avoid an early exit in the second round. There is even more teenage success in the draw with 19-year-old Holger Rune, 18-year-old Coco Gauff and 19-year-old Leylah Fernandez also into the quarter-finals. But Emma Raducanu won’t be joining her fellow teens in the last-eight as she suffered an early exit to Aliaksandra Sasnovich in the second round, though she will now be starting her grass-court season early as a result. Express Sport takes a look at the biggest stories from the French Open over the last week.  Djokovic and Nadal will meet for the 59th time in their careers in Tuesday’s quarter-final, and the first time since the Serb ousted the ‘King of Clay’ in last year’s semi-final. Ahead of their clash, there had been anticipation over the time slot they would receive on Court Philippe-Chatrier with Nadal better in the warm daytime conditions, admitting he didn’t like the new night sessions, while Djokovic wanted to play in the evening. And things swung in the Serb’s favour as the match received night session billing for 8.45pm local time. Ahead of the clash, Nadal has admitted it could be his last-ever match as he continues to struggle with his Mueller-Weiss syndrome - the chronic foot injury that caused him trouble as recently as two weeks ago - as he said: “Being honest, every match that I play here, I don't know if it's going to be my last match here in Roland Garros, in my tennis career.” JUST IN: Nadal has 'never felt' like the 'King of Clay' despite 13 French Opens  Alcaraz is the heavy favourite for the title alongside Djokovic and Nadal but was almost handed an early defeat at the hands of his countryman Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the second round when he saved a match point to progress with a 6-1 6-7(7) 5-7 7-6(2) 6-4 win in four hours and 34 minutes. And on the very same day, the Spaniard’s quarter-final opponent Zverev was also saving a match point in a five-set marathon against Sebastian Baez, coming from two sets down for a 2-6 4-6 6-1 6-2 7-5 victory. They will now meet for the second time this clay season, after the teenager upset the defending Madrid champion in the final earlier this month, winning 6-3 6-1. DON'T MISSRaducanu shares Murray Wimbledon dream ahead of homecomingFederer retirement prediction made by McEnroe as comeback doubts castDjokovic picks which musical instrument Federer and Nadal would be  Daniil Medvedev could not join in on the quarter-final action as he crashed to a straight-sets loss to Marin Cilic on Monday night. The world No 2 had not dropped a set heading into his showdown with the Croatian. But he failed to win a single one against Cilic in their fourth-round tie in a blow to his hopes of regaining world No 1 status from Djokovic. Medvedev had been in line to face Andrey Rublev in the quarters. Raducanu was making her French Open debut this fortnight before returning home for the British grass season, which will mark exactly a year since her WTA Tour debut. The world No 12 came from behind to defeat teenager qualifier Linda Noskova 6-7(4) 7-5 6-1 in her opening round but lost from a set up against Aliaksandra Sasnovich, who beat Raducanu for the second time in less than nine months 3-6 6-1 6-1. But the early defeat means Raducanu can start her Wimbledon preparations earlier than expected, as she has now taken a wildcard into the Rothesay Open in Nottingham for next week. The 19-year-old made her professional debut at the tournament a year ago when she received a wildcard and lost to compatriot Harriet Dart in the opening round, and said: “I’m excited to return to Nottingham and it will be a great opportunity to play in front of British crowds for the first time this year.”  Alcaraz isn’t the only teenager enjoying success at the French Open this year. 19-year-old Holger Rune - making his French Open debut this fortnight - upset fourth seed and last year’s runner-up Stefanos Tsitsipas 7-5 3-6 6-3 6-4 in Monday’s fourth round. And there are two teenagers into the quarter-finals in the women’s draw too. 18-year-old Coco Gauff is through to the quarter for a second successive year while Raducanu’s US Open final opponent Leylah Fernandez, 19, has also made it to the last-eight in the bottom half of the women’s draw. It marks the second Grand Slam quarter-final appearance for both teenagers, who are the first teens to reach two Major quarters since Caroline Wozniacki in 2010. 