The aerial footage of the Russian base in southern Ukraine appears to have been captured by a drone which Ukrainian units have used to monitor the movements of Russia's military hardware. In the video, the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence have pinpointed a substantial number of Russian tanks, armoured cars and supply trucks gathered within what appears to be an industrial complex. The Russian troops stationed in and around the factory site appear to be caught unaware by the sudden incoming fire. Annotations added by the Ukrainian Army pinpoint the location of various pieces of military hardware dotted around the facility. These vehicles are then taken out with highly accurate strikes one by one. The bombardment leaves sections of the base on fire with a blaze erupting in what appears to have been a fuel depot.  After ending weeks of resistance by the last Ukrainian fighters in the strategic southeastern port of Mariupol, Russia is waging a major offensive in Luhansk, one of two provinces in Donbas. Russian-backed separatists already controlled parts of Luhansk and the neighbouring Donetsk province before the invasion, but Moscow wants to seize the remaining Ukrainian-held territory in the region. The Russian defence ministry said on Sunday its forces pounded Ukrainian command centres, troops and ammunition depots in Donbas and the Mykolayiv region in the south with air strikes and artillery. Ukraine's general staff reported continued heavy Russian shelling of twin cities Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk in the Luhansk region.  The cities, separated by the Siverskiy Donets River, form the eastern part of a Ukrainian-held pocket that Russia has been trying to overrun since mid-April after failing to capture Kyiv and shifting its focus to the east and south of the country. The end of fighting in Mariupol, the biggest city Russia has captured, has given Vladimir Putin a rare victory after a series of setbacks in nearly three months of combat. The last Ukrainian forces holed up Mariupol's vast Azovstal steelworks have surrendered, the Russian defence ministry said on Friday. While Ukraine has not confirmed all its forces have left, the commander of the Azov regiment, one of the units in the factory, said in a video that Ukraine's military command had ordered the forces in Mariupol to stand down in order to preserve their lives. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia uses missiles to destroy Western weapons shipment [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Does NI protocol row put future trade deals at risk? [VOTE] Ireland expert savages Liz Truss 'big lie' on Brexit deal [REACTION] Full control of Mariupol gives Russia command of a land route linking the Crimean Peninsula, which Moscow seized in 2014, with mainland Russia and parts of eastern Ukraine held by pro-Russia separatists. Putin calls the invasion a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and rid it of radical anti-Russian nationalists. Ukraine and its allies have dismissed that as a baseless pretext for the war, which has killed thousands of people in Ukraine, displaced millions and shattered cities. Meanwhile Western nations have also stepped up weapons supplies to Ukraine.