On Friday (May 6) it was announced the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would not be among members of the Royal Family joining the monarch on the balcony of Buckingham Palace during her Jubilee celebrations. The Queen will be joined by working members of the Firm only for Trooping the Colour, where royals watch the RAF flypast from the balcony of the monarch’s London residence. The decision to remove Harry and Meghan, and other non-working royals, from the line-up, was taken “after careful consideration” a statement from Buckingham Palace noted. The 96-year-old monarch's decisive action means only royals carrying out official public duties, such as Harry's father and brother, will be present for the picture opportunity. There are exceptions, though, as some of the Queen's great-grandchildren including George, Charlotte and Louis are permitted to make an appearance too. Minutes after the Queen’s plans for the day were released, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex released their own statement commenting on their Jubilee plans.  A spokesperson for the couple insisted that Meghan and Harry will be visiting the UK for some of the celebrations. The full statement reads: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." However, which specific events the Sussex family will be attending has not been disclosed. The news of Harry and Meghan’s appearance at the celebrations was met with a mixed response on social media. Royal biographer Angela Levin claims the Sussexes' appearance will have a knock-on effect on the atmosphere of the proceedings. She claims the couple will divert attention away from the Queen during events which celebrate her historic milestone. In a tweet, she wrote: “The atmosphere will be different with Harry etc coming to Jubilee. READ MORE: Sussexes ‘ripped up years of royal tradition’ with huge Archie move “The focus will be on them and how they behave which the Jubilee shouldn't be about. “Unfair to expect senior working royals to force themselves to put on a happy face.” A user called ‘Tam’ then asked Ms Levin about the atmosphere at the events the Duke and Duchess will be attending. In response, the royal author said: “They will be tense. Shame.” Ms Levin wrote a biography about Prince Harry, released in 2018, after joining the prince on his royal duties for a year and being granted privileged access to his Kensington Palace home at the time. Some fans rushed to the defence of Meghan and Harry though, pointing out that it would be good to see the Sussexes reunite with their royal relatives. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry could be 'face of young Britons' if they come back [INSIGHT] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle banned by Queen from palace balcony [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan ‘excited to attend’ Jubilee with children [REPORT] One user, called 'Lady Statuesque', noted the occasion means the Queen will get to spend time with her great-grandchildren. She wrote: "I can’t wait to see pics of the children. It’s her last jubilee so I hope as a family there’s nothing but love. "At the end of the day, all the formalities mean nothing. The kids get to be [with] their great grandmother and that is a gift for them as well as her!" Another called 'Princess Jacqueline' said: "I’m glad they’ll see Harry’s paternal family but this will also be a chance for his maternal family to see them as well. People always forget about the Spencer’s." While 'nvhen1' added: "Oh exciting. Can’t wait to see Lili. This must mean Harry has secured proper protection for his family. I’m sure he’s so excited to be able to see his grandmother." A Twitter user called Maggie said: "This is the HM’s Jubilee and it is good to know the whole family will be there. Wishing Her Majesty health and prosperity in this lovely Union. " The event, on June 2 launches the four-day bank holiday of Jubilee festivities, with 18 members of the Royal Family set to gather on the famous frontage. The Queen is said to be “looking forward” to the weekend of celebrations. Whether the Sussexes would return to British soil for the monarch’s historic reign has been widely speculated in recent months, particularly in light of Harry’s ongoing row with the Home Office about security provisions. Speaking during an interview at the Invictus Games last month, Harry insisted that he did not know if he, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet would return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. He said this was because there were “security issues and everything else”. The Duke of Sussex has taken the Home Office and the Met Police to the High Court, claiming he no longer feels safe in Britain without 24/7 armed bodyguards. Harry and Meghan lost the right to tax-payer funded police protection when they stepped back from royal duties. Harry has claimed the Home Office turned down his offer to pay for the security provisions himself. A legal representative for the Duke said in a statement: “The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. “With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk.”