Sri Lanka's central bank has secured foreign exchange to pay for fuel and cooking gas shipments that will ease crippling shortages, its governor said on Thursday, but police fired tear gas and water canon to push back student protesters. Most of Sri Lanka's petrol stations have run dry as the island nation battles its most devastating economic crisis since independence in 1948. At some pumps in the commercial capital, Colombo, dozens of people stood in lines holding plastic jerry cans, as troops in combat gear and armed with assault rifles patrolled the streets. Traffic was extremely light. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Wickremesinghe said: "The last administration is to blame. "They ran down the economy. "We've come to a point where Sri Lanka is bankrupt which has never happened before. "We have no dollars, we have no rupees." He added: "We are not in a stable position. We are feeling the rise of the price of fuel. "We are feeling that and we know it will go higher. READ MORE: Sri Lanka unrest: China warning as troops fire on rioters "Our main concern also is we have not had fertiliser for cultivation and this coming season, we will not have the food production. "There is a possibility of a food crisis in Sri Lanka and could last until March next year." It comes as hundreds of students carrying black flags marched on Colombo's central Fort area, chanting slogans against the government. Police fired repeated rounds of tear gas and water canon to push them back, according to a Reuters witness. Central bank Governor P. Nandalal Weerasinghe told a news conference adequate dollars had been released to pay for fuel and cooking gas shipments, utilising in part $130 million received from the World Bank and remittances from Sri Lankans working overseas. He was speaking after the central bank held interest rates steady at a policy meeting, citing a massive 7 percentage point increase in April that it said was working its way through the system. The country was more politically and economically stable, Weerasinghe said, adding that he would stay on in his post. He told reporters on May 11 he would resign in two weeks in the absence of political stability as any steps the bank took to address the economic crisis would not be successful amid turmoil. Opposition parliamentarian Ranil Wickremesinghe was named prime minister last week and he has made four cabinet appointments. However, he has yet to name a finance minister. Inflation could rise further to a staggering 40% in the next couple of months but it was being driven largely by supply-side pressures and measures by the bank and government were already reining in demand-side inflation, the central bank governor added. DON'T MISS Ukraine filmed firing rockets at Russian sites in helicopter attack [VIDEO]Poland calls Putin bluff after 'denazify' threat [INSIGHT]Russia army expert reveals next target for Moscow's army in Ukraine [ANALYSIS] Inflation hit 29.8 percent in April with food prices up 46.6 percent year-on-year. Sri Lanka's economic crisis has come from the confluence of the COVID-19 pandemic battering the tourism-reliant economy, rising oil prices and populist tax cuts by the government of President Gotabaya Rajapaksa and his brother, Mahinda, who resigned as prime minister last week. Other factors have included heavily subsidised domestic prices of fuel and a decision to ban the import of chemical fertilisers, which devastated the agriculture sector. "This is an economy that hasn't actually fully recovered from the pandemic yet," said Christian De Guzman, senior vice president sovereign risk at Moody's. "Tourism, which is one of their engines of growth, hasn't come back."