Former Liverpool striker Neil Mellor has hailed Jurgen Klopp’s new contract as “the best signing of the season” as he claims the deal trumps the Reds’ January acquisition of Luis Diaz. Klopp’s new two-year contract extension was announced at the end of April, ending speculation that he could leave Anfield upon the expiry of his existing deal, which was set to end in 2024. The German manager has led Liverpool to two domestic cup wins this season already, a Champions League final, and has taken Manchester City to the final day of the season in the Premier League title race. Mellor was over the moon about the manager’s new contract, and told Sky Sports: “Jurgen Klopp, I think the best signing of the season was getting him to sign his new contract. There is a real feel-good factor around the football club. “Their strength in depth, he makes nine changes the other night, a big smile on his face at Southampton. There is a real togetherness at Liverpool at the moment. “Two trophies are in the bag, it could be two more. We know obviously the Premier League is not in Liverpool’s hands, it’s City’s title to lose but Liverpool are in a position to hopefully be there if there was any kind of slip up from Manchester City against Villa. “The atmosphere at Anfield, everyone will be singing about the Champions League final the following week against Real Madrid, that is something for everyone to look forward to. It could be even more special, if it is possible there is hope, there is belief that Liverpool could win that Premier League title on Sunday.” Liverpool will need to defeat Wolves on the final day of the season and hope that Steven Gerrard’s Aston Villa can stop Manchester City from picking up all three points at the Etihad Stadium in order to lift the title. The Reds stayed in the battle for the Premier League trophy on Tuesday, as Klopp's men battled back to defeat Southampton despite nine changes to their starting line-up. At Saint Mary’s, Liverpool were shocked as Nathan Redmond’s curling strike gave the hosts the lead after 13 minutes. Takumi Minamino fired the ball past Alex McCarthy to level the score after 27 minutes before Joel Matip’s second-half header sealed a vital three points for the Reds. After the domestic season finishes, Liverpool meet Real Madrid in Paris for the Champions League final, and the club have confirmed they will hold a bus parade the day after the final, even if they do lose their clash with Los Blancos.