The Beautiful South star's fans will be able to celebrate Paul Heaton’s 60th birthday today with him thanks to his own idea which he shared on social media. The singer decided to mark his birthday milestone this year by putting money behind the bar at 60 bars across the country. He revealed the plans in a Facebook post shared on his personal page at the weekend. Paul announced that a “full list” of 60 venues would be confirmed. He explained in the message that he had plans to do a bicycle tour of the UK to visit and perform at 60 pubs. However, "recording delays" due to the coronavirus pandemic forced him to cancel the tour. Instead, Paul has now decided on the "next best way to celebrate” his big 6-0. The post featured a picture of the musician sipping a drink as he looked straight into the camera. He wrote: "To celebrate my 60th birthday (on Monday 9th May) I’d originally intended to do another bicycle tour, visiting & performing at 60 pubs across the UK & Ireland. "However, due to recording delays caused by the pandemic, I’ve had to shelve these plans for the time being. "Instead, I’ve decided that the next best way to celebrate this coming of age is to handpick 60 pubs across the UK & Ireland and put a given amount of money behind the bar of each one. “Then, both regulars and yourselves can enjoy a birthday drink on me (until the money runs out, or the bar runs dry!)" Paul went on to explain that his idea aimed to “bring people together” and also acknowledge those who have supported him throughout his career. He said: "The hope is to bring people together on the day, whilst recognising that many folk who bought my records or showed me support over the years, could do with a wee party, as we come out of Covid and hit potential financial struggles. DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS]Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] “I’ll announce the full list of pubs and locations tomorrow, so if there’s one near you please head over on Monday, show your support and raise a toast to me on my birthday!" In a follow-up post, Paul prompted fans to share pictures of themselves having a toast in his honour. He penned: "It would be great to see photos of you all enjoying your free drinks and celebrations at each pub throughout the day!" Paul was born in Bromborough, Cheshire on May 9 in 1962. He formed the Housemartins in the early 1980s, with Stan Cullimore on guitar, Ted Key on bass and Hugh Whitaker on drums. The Housemartins released a number of singles and two studio albums and their most popular hit was an acapella cover version of Caravan of Love (originally by Isley-Jasper-Isley). Paul went on to form the Beautiful South in 1988 with Dave Rotheray, former Housemartins roadie Sean Welch, David Stead and Housemartins former drummer Dave Hemingway. After a band meeting in 2007, the group decided to call it quits.