Liverpool will sit down with Sadio Mane's representatives to discuss his future in the 'coming day's amid links to Bayern Munich. That is according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, who has stressed nothing is 'advanced' when it comes to the German giants interest in the Senegal international. Mane has enjoyed a fine run of form in recent months as Jurgen Klopp's side remain in contention for an unlikely quadruple. The former Southampton star saw his spot-kick saved by Edouard Mendy at Wembley, but the Reds still edged another shootout victory over Chelsea this season to lift the FA Cup. Luis Diaz's instant impact on the left wing has led to Mane being deployed as a centre-forward on a regular basis, and the 30-year-old has delivered 12 goals since the January window closed. It is this run of form and Senegal's triumph at the African Cup of Nations which has led Jamie Carragher to claim Mane is the most likely Premier League candidate to win the Ballon d'Or. The future of team-mate Mo Salah has dominated the headlines in recent months, with the Egypt international set to enter the final year of his contract at Anfield. However, Mane is also yet to sign a contract extension, and recent reports suggest Bayern Munich could look to broker a cut-price deal as a result. Romano believes the interest in the Liverpool forward is due to the ongoing uncertainty over Serge Gnabry's future. The former Arsenal prospect has enjoyed another stellar campaign, but recent reports suggest the 26-year-old is '50/50' over signing a contract extension at Bayerm beyond the summer of 2023. The immediate focus for Klopp's side is on the Premier League title race with fixtures against Southampton and Wolves to come, before a Champions League final reunion with Real Madrid on May 28. However, Romano believes the Reds will address Mane's future sooner rather than later. He wrote in his Caught Offside column: "This deal is not directly linked to Sadio Mane’s future – certainly Mane is on Bayern’s list and has been discussed with his agents, but it is considered a different position and therefore it can be important to understand Serge Gnabry’s future because there is still no agreement even for his contract. "For Mane there is not only Bayern, it’s not advanced yet: the Liverpool board will have a contact with his agents in the coming days to discuss the future of the Senegalese winger."