Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has fired back at critics of his side's move for Erling Haaland by emphatically warning he is perfectly suited to their style of play. Haaland will join City at the end of the season in a £51million transfer from Borussia Dortmund. Some have raised doubts about the Norwegian's suitablity to the way that Guardiola's City play. But the Spaniard has now hit back at those who have questioned City's decision to buy Haaland. “I hear he’s not going to adapt to the way we play and I would like to ask 'how is the way we play?' I’m pretty sure those who ask don’t know it. I’m pretty sure he will adapt well – like Julian Alvarez this summer coming from Argentina and we’re going to help him to adapt well," he said. “Always that happens. Players when they are good - and normally they are in clubs like City - they have good energy to see positives. They understand we want to help them and our way to play is so simple really. I’m pretty sure about Haaland. But to give you a real opinion I have to work with him first. When he scores this amount of goals it's because he’s good." READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has message for Man City ahead of last day Guardiola also warned his rivals that Haaland was signed for the long-term, not just to have an immediate impact. The City boss insisted that he had no doubts about the impact Haaland can have when he links up with his new team. "Especially important is that he is arriving in a new country, a new house and new friends. All these kinds of things he has to adjust to. That’s why before he starts here he should have a good holiday, prepare well, and come with no injuries to work and play with us. If it takes weeks great," Guardiola added. DON'T MISS: Kalvin Phillips' stance on joining Man City over Man Utd (TRANSFERS)Man City eye Brighton star Cucurella as Guardiola aims next signing (NEWS)Man City rivals fired ominous Erling Haaland warning (INSIGHT) "If it takes months great. He hasn’t come here for two, three months, he’s come for many years I hope. So if he needs more time, we give him more time. We'll try to help him and I’m pretty sure he’ll try to help us so I don’t have any doubts about that.” Despite seeing his season disrupted by injury, Haaland has still scored 29 goals in 30 appearances this campaign. City will hope he can replicate that next year when he finally arrives in Manchester.