Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is set to send out teenage sensation Omari Hutchinson on loan next season as he prepares the academy star for first-team football. Hutchinson, 18, signed from Charlton as a 12-year-old after impressing in a game against the Gunners. He left Charlton and took a year-long break after a failed trial at Arsenal and Tottenham, but rejoined Arsenal the following season. He took part in a London tournament hosted by Brazilian legend Pele that same year, who praised Hutchinson for his talents. And it was this that kick-started his career, with the star signing his first professional contract at the Gunners in November 2020. With calls for a first-team promotion becoming rife, Arteta must make the right move for the youngster - and according to football.london, the youngster is set for a spell out on loan ahead of breaking into the first-team in 2023. The report states that Championship side Reading are supposedly keen on the winger, who has been named on the substitutes' bench on eight occasions in the Premier League this season. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback He has 12 goals and assists in just 17 'Premier League 2' appearances this season. And Reading remain confident of securing a loan move for his services ahead of the new campaign. Arteta, meanwhile, is aware of the importance of a successful youth academy and bleeding them into the first-team photo. “It is part of the project and it is part of our DNA,” said manager Arteta. "Our academy players have to have opportunities in this club and we want to give them opportunities. But we have to give them when they are ready. We will decide, depending on the game, whether or not they are ready to take that next step. When I see them closer I will tell you if they are ready!”. DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback Hutchinson previously detailed his chances of shining in the first-team back in September with Goal.com, after a video with famous freestyle duo F2 went viral. “There are players like me, Charlie [Patino], Brooke [Norton-Cuffy], Marcelo [Flores] and Jack [Henry-Francis], we’ve been together since U12s and U13s,” explains Hutchinson. “We’ve been with each other through highs and lows, so the relationship between us is very close. We are like a family and we all want to see each other do well. It’s just like the group with Emile [Smith-Rowe], [Bukayo] Saka and Joe Willock. If everyone keeps working hard, some of us should hopefully one day get some first-team experience.”