Footballers' Wives star Laila Rouass, 50, split up with Ronnie O'Sullivan, 46, a few months ago, ending their 10-year relationship. However, with a ring now firmly back on her engagement finger, she was snapped in shots suggesting that the pair are taking a trip abroad. Speaking about her relationship with the snooker ace on ITV's Loose Women on Friday, ahead of their weekend escape, a starry-eyed Laila told the world: "We found our way back." "We just worked it out – back when I announced it, we hadn't been together for almost eight months at that time." The pair have been enjoying time together at the Essex home they previously shared, and Laila recently slipped her engagement ring back on, fuelling speculation that they had rekindled their relationship. Now, of course, Laila has confirmed that they are firmly back on. READ NOW: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo This weekend, snaps showed the pair with heavy suitcases in tow while walking to their car, suggesting a trip abroad was on the horizon. Laila was casually dressed in a grey sweatshirt paired with snakeskin leggings and casual suede boots. Meanwhile, Ronnie sported a Hawaiian-style tropical print shirt with a distinctive floral pattern, perhaps providing a clue that they are jetting somewhere exotic. Like a gentleman, he appeared to have been carrying the majority of the bags for the couple. Despite appearing to be wearing little to no makeup and sporting casual clothes, Laila nonetheless still looked glamorous and ready for the big break ahead. She also carried a pair of sunglasses, so sweltering temperatures could be on the agenda. Meanwhile, on Loose Women, Laila told the world that Ronnie had prepped her on how to announce that they were back together. "He texted me and said: 'Tell them you manifested me back into your life,'" she confided on-screen. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST] Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]  She also revealed that the pair are using the art of manifesting to create positive thoughts for themselves after Ronnie had been struggling with "feeling flat". "He uses self-compassion," she explained of his techniques for a happier life. Meanwhile, she recommended good communication as a way to get couples back together, exclaiming: "Talking is so underrated. "If you can sit down and say how you feel and what you want..." She added: "When you get older, that is much easier to say too." The pair have certainly been through their fair share of ups and downs, with Express.co.uk previously revealing that Ronnie's mum had branded Laila a "prostitute". However, it now seems they have been able to put their woes behind them and start afresh.