Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is expected to make a statement to the House of Commons on Tuesday regarding the government's plans to act on the Northern Ireland protocol, with ministers reportedly poised to introduce legislation that could override parts of the Brexit deal. Ahead of the statement, a government source has stressed that negotiations with the EU would continue and no draft legislation is expected to be published. Boris Johnson is currently in Northern Ireland meeting with the leaders of the five main parties to discuss potential changes to the post-Brexit trading arrangements. The Prime Minister’s official spokesman said on Monday that the UK “reserves the right” to trigger Article 16 of the protocol but stressed that was not the approach currently being taken by No 10. Confirming Ms Truss will make a statement on Tuesday, the Prime Minister's official spokesman was asked why it was said to be looking at domestic legislation when the protocol contained the ability to unilaterally suspend the Brexit treaty. The No 10 official replied: “We are getting slightly ahead of what the Foreign Secretary will say tomorrow when she will set out any rationale for our approach.” Asked why the Government is not considering using Article 16, Boris Johnson's spokesman said: “We still reserve the right to use Article 16. “And indeed we believe the conditions have been met to use it but our focus is how we best protect peace and democracy in Northern Ireland - that will be our guiding principle for any further actions we may choose to take.” Mr Johnson is hoping to encourage the return of the devolved government. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has refused to enter the assembly because of the Northern Ireland Protocol. The protocol was designed to ensure free trade continued across the Irish land border after Brexit. However, it has in turn led to additional checks on goods moving between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Sinn Féin President Mary-Lou McDonald, whose party delegation was the first to meet Mr Johnson when he arrived in Northern Ireland on Monday, accused the Prime Minister of placating the DUP and employing obstructionist tactics in relation to the protocol. She also accused Mr Johnson of giving “no straight answers” during a “very tough meeting” held at Hillsborough Castle. She said: “The British Government is in a game of brinkmanship with the European institutions, indulging a section of political unionism which believes it can frustrate and hold society to ransom.” Following the DUP’s meeting with Mr Johnson, the party’s leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said he did not have details of the Government’s proposals for dealing with the protocol. He said he would judge the plans by actions rather than words. Asked about the return of Northern Ireland’s political institutions, Sir Jeffrey said: “We cannot have power sharing unless there is a consensus. That consensus doesn't exist.” The EU has warned overriding aspects of the protocol would violate the Brexit treaty and could spark a trade war. Mr Johnson has said the UK will have a “necessity to act” if the EU is unwilling to drop checks on goods coming from Britain into Northern Ireland. Mr Johnson was met with jeers and booing from crowds of around 200 people who gathered at the castle’s gates on Monday. Protesters included campaigners for Irish language legislation, anti-Brexit protesters and victims’ campaigners objecting to the British government’s proposed legislation for dealing with legacy cases from the Troubles. MORE TO FOLLOW… 