Harjap Singh Bhangal, a UK immigration lawyer, told GB News that the UK Government needs “to get the gangs” and stop targeting asylum seekers. Mr Bhangal said there must be a greater “war on people smugglers” and until we put “money there” to incarcerate those behind the Channel crossings, migrants will not stop attempting to enter the UK. He compared the current approach to the issue of drugs, adding that locking up drug users will not “deter” drugs or stem the flow of illegal contraband into the country.    Mr Bhangal said: “We need something to stop the crossings, we need to get the gangs. “It’s almost like saying if we bang up 500 drug users, we’re going to stop the drug gangs, it’s not going to deter it. “That’s the theory the Government is going with. If we lock up 500 drug users and there'll be no more drug dealers, that’s not going to work. “It’s the gangs who are making the money, it’s not the asylum seekers who are profiting.    “There’s more money in people trafficking than drug trafficking." “How many people trafficking gangs do you see caught compared to drug smuggling gangs, where is the war on people smugglers? It’s not there. “And when they do get caught, they don’t get life, they get like five years and out in two, they’ve made their money. “It’s a mafia organisation, the bosses are sitting in countries where they can’t get extradited. “Until we get to the head of the mafia that’s not going to work and we need money put there to stop these gangs.” READ MORE: GB News presenter tears apart Rwanda migration 'plan' [REPORT]   The comments come as large numbers of migrants arrived on a Kent beach having crossed the Channel for the fourth day in a row. More than 600 migrants have arrived in the UK since Saturday, with more brought to Dungeness beach by lifeboat today. Officers processing the arrivals were seen carrying out security checks on a long queue of men with handheld scanners, while a small number of women and children were also pictured on board the lifeboat. More crossings are believed to be under way, with other arrivals anticipated later. DON'T MISS: Express letters: Surely the outrage over boat migrants is justified [OPINION] MP savages £80m ‘waste of money’ over crossings [REPORT] Piers Morgan takes brutal swipe at Nigel Farage over migrant crisis [REVEAL]   Nearly 8,500 have reached the UK in small boats since the start of this year, according to the latest figures. There were 19 people who made the crossing in one boat on Monday, after 436 in nine boats on Sunday and 167 in 13 boats on Sunday, according to Ministry of Defence (MoD) figures. Meanwhile unconfirmed reports suggest the Home Office is aiming to move at least 50 migrants into a disused RAF base in North Yorkshire village Linton-on-Ouse by the end of the month, despite opposition from locals. The reception centre will hold 500 migrants in its first year, with a total capacity of 1,500. In 2020, the village had an estimated population of around 800.   