Staff who were at illegal gatherings at No10 said it was not unusual to arrive at work to find bins overflowing with empty bottles from "routine" parties the night before. Speaking to BBC Panorama they attacked Mr Johnson for telling MPs last year that he had been angered at the claims of gatherings and for claiming "there were no parties". A subsequent police investigation fined a total of 83 people for breaking Covid rules in Downing Street at events taking place on eight separate days during the pandemic. The Prime Minister, his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak, all received one fixed penalty notice for an event for Mr Johnson's 56th birthday in June 2020, when indoor mixing was banned.  There was anger last night that Mr Johnson had not been punished for also being at a leaving drinks in November 2020 after pictures of the event were leaked to ITV News. Giving fresh details of the party to the BBC, No10 insiders told of how sat on each other’s laps at drinks gathering. Have Your Say: Do new photos mean Boris should go?  They added that as many as 30 people were in attendance. One member of staff said they felt they had permission from the Prime Minister to hold such events because he was there, even if just passing through to his flat. Firmly attempting to hold Mr Johnson responsible for the behaviour in Downing Street, they said: "He wasn't saying, 'Can everyone break up and go home? Can everyone socially distance? Can everyone put masks on? No, he wasn't telling anybody that. "He was grabbing a glass for himself."  A former staffer added: "A lot of these young members of staff from across Downing Street who have been fined feel that they went to these events, they did not think they were breaking the rules at the time because the Prime Minister was at them, some of the most senior civil servants in the country were at them. "And then they've been subject to this witch hunt to, you know, find them." DON'T MISS:Boris coup: Hilarious to watch Lefties doing Tories' dirty work [COMMENT]Tory rebel Roger Gale rages at PM’s party ‘lies’ [REACTION]Grant Shapps admits Johnson's partying pictures 'make me angry' [UPDATE]  Those speaking out against Mr Johnson have all hidden behind a veil of anonymity, with their words to be voiced by actors when the Panorama episode airs on BBC 2 at 7pm tonight. The new claims will heap pressure on the Prime Minister ahead of the publication of a senior civil servant's report into the culture inside No10 during lockdown. Sue Gray could release her findings as soon as tomorrow. Mr Johnson has promised to answer questions in the House of Commons once the report is public and is also considering holding a press conference to address the anger felt by some members of the public directly. Tory MPs feel frustrated at the way the row over aprties risks once again overshadowing the Government's legislative plans.  Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross has called on the Prime Minister to explain his actions when most people would think the pictures leaked to ITV News showed "unjustifiable and wrong" behaviour. Defending Mr Johnson this morning, Transport Secretary said that while the pictures were "very difficult to look at", the public should have confidence in the fact the police cleared the Prime Minister of wrongdoing. Of the pictures of the November 2020 event, he added: "I see his red box is there, which is his work box, it looks to me like he goes down on his way out of the office and thanks the staff and raises a glass, and doesn’t in his mind recognise it as a party. "And indeed the police have looked into this and spent a lot of time and resources." 