Princess Anne had two children with her ex-husband Captain Mark Phillips, Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall. Zara is married to former rugby ace Mike Tindall and the pair have three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas, but none of them hold Prince or Princess titles or HRH status like some of the Queen's other great-grandchildren do.  Zara Tindall's children are not eligible for Prince or Princess titles under the George V convention of more than a century ago, which stipulates only the monarch's children, grandchildren through the male line, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, is eligible for a title. Mia, Lena and Lucas' mother wasn't herself eligible for a Princess title, despite being the Queen's eldest granddaughter. Zara was born to the Queen's daughter Princess Anne, making her a grandchild of the sovereign through the female line and therefore ineligible for a Princess title.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan urged to take a leaf from Zara Tindall by Jane Moore But some reports have suggested the Queen offered Anne titles for her children, but she turned them down. Both Peter and Zara remain members of the Royal Family but they both have had to establish their own careers, and Zara is an accomplished equestrian. Mia, Lena and Lucas all take their surname from their father Mike Tindall, and they are known as Master or Miss. Mia is 22nd in line to the throne behind her mother, while Lena and Lucas are 23rd and 24th respectively.   Under the Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917, only the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales is entitled to a Prince title. There is no allowance for any other of the monarch's great-grandchildren to get a royal title, so technically only Prince George was eligible for his royal title under the old rules. However, the Queen intervened before the birth of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's first child to ensure all of the Cambridge children would get titles.  DON'T MISS:Zara Tindall 'stopped cooking' for Mike after giving up red meat [INSIGHT]Zara Tindall tipped to be drafted in to undertake some public duties [ANALYSIS]Zara Tindall owns £140k engagement ring from 'best friend' Mike [PICTURES] The Queen's new Letters Patent read: "The Queen has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm dated 31 December 2012 to declare that all the children of the eldest son of The Prince of Wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of Royal Highness with the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their Christian names or with such other titles of honour." This change in the royal rules meant Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were born with titles in 2015 and 2018 respectively. Had the Queen not intervened, Charlotte would have held the title of Lady rather than Princess. The Letters Patent did not allow for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's children to be given titles, however, so their full names are Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor and Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. 