The Duchess of Cambridge has been an official member of the Royal Family for over a decade and, in recent months, has increasingly been taking on more senior duties. One of her latest duties included attending the first official Palace garden party last week, where she stunned in a bright coral pink outfit. Her bright outfit choice was interesting and is a usual trick used by the Queen. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Kate's latest royal trick. Ms Ross said: "I think Kate's presence was really, you know, made up for the Queen not being there and I loved her outfit. "That bright coral colour was so noticeable. She added: "[It's] important when you're talking about hundreds of people, sort of, milling about hoping to catch a glimpse of the royals. "I don't think you could miss Kate anyways, because if you look at these photos like the seas just part for her. READ MORE: GB News: Samantha Markle gives update on father’s stroke - 'could have been fatal' Ms Garibaldi continued: "When she's walking the crowds just, sort of, move around her". She added: "[But] if you are way in the back corner, you can still see her and that's a trick that the Queen uses often, is wearing bright colours so that you can see her from afar, even if you can't quite get up close". Ms Garibaldi added: "Taking a page out of the Queen's book". The Garden Parties are typically a way for the Queen to recognise, reward, and celebrate public service. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? Garden Parties restarted this month after a two-year break due to the pandemic. At the event, which took on May 18, Kate was joined by the Queen's youngest son, Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex. The Queen's cousin, Princess Alexandra was also present. Kate's husband Prince William was not in attendance. His absence was due to his visit to Staffordshire earlier that day. DON'T MISS He was in Staffordshire to unveil a new memorial for submariners at the National Memorial Arboretum. Due to her ongoing health struggles, it was earlier suggested that the Queen would not be in attendance at any upcoming Garden Parties. It has also been suggested that the 96-year-old should not be expected at any future public events ahead of time and her attendance will only be confirmed on the day.