The Queen reflected on her life and reign in an emotional narration for the BBC, as she admitted she did not expect to live to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee. Her Majesty recorded the reflection on May 19 ahead of the Jubilee celebrations in the coming week. The documentary, Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen, was broadcast on the BBC this evening, revealing previously unseen family videos of the Royal Family as well as her own personal narration of the footage. Towards the end of the 75-minute film, Queen Elizabeth II said, while the upcoming celebrations may be "old-fashioned," they were a chance "for people everywhere to enjoy a sense of togetherness". She told BBC viewers: "I don't know that anyone had invented the term Platinum for a 70th anniversary when I was born. "You weren't expected to be around that long. "I've seen one coronation and been the recipient in the other, which is pretty remarkable." JUST IN: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim The 96-year-old monarch continued: "It is a pageant of chivalry and an old-fashioned way of doing things, I think, but it's quite interesting to have it done again. "I hope my Platinum Jubilee will be an opportunity for people everywhere to enjoy a sense of togetherness. "A chance to give thanks for the enormous changes of the last 70 years and also to look ahead with confidence. "One of the joys of living a long life is watching your children and then grandchildren. "We can't be certain what lies ahead for them. but we should know enough to put them on the right path."  The documentary then plays a recording of her 1957 Christmas broadcast, in which she told the British public: "In the old days the monarch led his soldiers on the battlefield and his leadership at all times was close and personal. "Today things are very different. I cannot lead you into battle, I do not give you laws or administer justice. "But I can do something else, I can give you my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations." DON'T MISS: Queen admits she was 'bored' during her own father's coronation [VIDEO]Royals warned ahead of Harry and Meghan's arrival [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘terrified’ over new book [LIVE BLOG]  Also, at the end of the film, the Queen reflected on her sense of duty to the country. She said: "It is a question of maturing into something you have got used to. "And accepting that you are here and this is your fate. "Because a sense of continuity is very important, I think. And it is a job for life." To make the documentary, the Queen granted the BBC rare access to an archive of previously unseen home videos held in the vaults of the BFI, dating all the way back to the 1920s. At the start of The Unseen Queen, the monarch tells viewers: "Cameras have always been a part of our lives. "Like many families, my parents wanted to keep a record of our precious moments together. "And when it was our turn with our own family, we did the same." 