Manchester United ace Raphael Varane admits he is “very excited” at the prospect of working with new manager Erik ten Hag. And the centre-back has suggested the Red Devils don’t need to sign any more defenders this summer. United were expected to enjoy a fine season this time around after Varane, Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo all joined the club last summer. But following a strong start, the Red Devils’ campaign soon derailed as ex-boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders in November. Ralf Rangnick was then appointed on an interim basis until the end of the season but has failed to have the impact Old Trafford chiefs would have been hoping for. And last month, the 13-time Premier League champions revealed that Ten Hag would become the latest man to try and help them rediscover their glory days. Ten Hag has impressed as Ajax boss and has led the club to a Champions League semi-final and two domestic doubles during a four-and-a-half-year spell in charge. He is on course to land his third league title this season as his team lead the Eredivisie table by four points ahead of the last three matches. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte a big fan of Tomas Soucek as West Ham reveal star's price tag And Varane can’t wait for the 52-year-old to arrive in England. “I'm very excited to work with him,” Varane said earlier this week. “I'm looking forward to working with him. I think he has good experience and he's a good person to work in this club.” United paid an initial £34million to prise Varane away from Real Madrid, and the 29-year-old has partnered Harry Maguire at the heart of the United defence for much of the campaign. But the Red Devils have looked far from convincing at the back and have leaked goal after goal. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool's board agree on selling Thiago with two factors at playMan Utd 'offer' to Ousmane Dembele emerges and Barcelona must act fastArsenal clearout set to begin as Arteta 'accelerates' £12.6m exit     United kept their eighth Premier League clean sheet of the season on Monday night, however, as they defeated Brentford 3-0 at Old Trafford, with Varane notching his side’s third goal of the night. And the France international has told club bosses they don’t need to bring in any reinforcements at the back. “I think we have good players - players with experience,” Varane added when asked about his fellow centre-backs. “I think it's not just about the defence but the whole team. I think we can improve - we can defend better. I think if we are consistent we can improve a lot - so I think it's a collective work we have to do. I think we can improve [defensively]. I think we have good players and we have to defend together closer.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 