Riyad Mahrez has claimed that Liverpool ‘hate’ Manchester City and plans to heap further misery on the Reds after claiming the Premier League title. City earned their fourth top-flight triumph in five years on a dramatic final day.  City led Liverpool by a point heading into the last weekend of the season on Sunday. They ideally needed to beat Aston Villa to win the Premier League, while Liverpool hosted Wolves. And a remarkable comeback ensured Pep Guardiola’s side continued their dominance of English football. They came back from 2-0 down to defeat Villa 3-2 on an incredible day of football. And Mahrez has insisted that Liverpool are ‘sick of’ and ‘hate’ City for frequently pipping them to the Premier League summit over the last five seasons. The Reds won it in 2019-20, with City winning the other four. JUST IN: Redknapp jokes he may 'knock out' Richards, Keane takes in City title  “Liverpool are a mad team, they are a superb team... I know they hate us [laughs],” Mahrez told French channel Canal+. “They're sick of us because if we weren't here they would've won everything every year, but we're here and we're never letting go and we'll be here next year too!" Matty Cash and Philippe Coutinho gave Villa a 2-0 lead, meaning Liverpool only needed to win their game to win the title. But Ilkay Gundogan’s brace and a thumping strike by Rodri completed a miraculous turnaround. Liverpool ultimately defeated Wolves but finished a point behind their rivals. Andy Robertson and Mohamed Salah scored late goals to complete a comeback after trailing 1-0 to the Midlands outfit. DON'T MISS...Man City fans invade pitch and taunt Steven Gerrard after title winLiverpool ratings: Sadio Mane and Mo Salah shine in Wolves winMan City clinch Premier League with dramatic comeback as Liverpool win Jurgen Klopp’s side will end the season with more trophies than City, though, in a major response to Mahrez’s claim. They have already won the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup, defeating Chelsea on penalties in the final of both competitions. They can also still win the Champions League when they face Real Madrid on May 28. Madrid knocked City out of the competition in a remarkable semi-final. Klopp attempted to rest a couple of stars ahead of that clash, with Salah and Virgil van Dijk starting as substitutes against Wolves. However, the need to get a goal saw Salah come off the bench to score the third. 