This came after senior civil servant Sue Gray published her report into parties in Downing Street during lockdown. In the wake of the report, women's rights activist Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu hit out Mr Johnson. Writing on Twitter earlier today, she said: "I deserve better than this fool but I got what YOU voted for. #SueGray #PMQS #Partygate". Ms Gray's inquiry provided details of 16 events which took place between May 2020 and April 2021, twelve of which were also investigated by the police. Her inquiry found that many of the events "should not have been allowed to happen". The 37-page-document outlined instances where Downing Street staff vomited from alcohol consumption and spilt wine on the walls during rule-breaking parties, some of which lasted until 4am. Ms Gray's report also detailed instances where security and cleaning staff were treated poorly. She said: "I was made aware of multiple examples of a lack of respect and poor treatment of security and cleaning staff - this was unacceptable." Mr Johnson said rudeness towards staff is "absolutely inexcusable" and that "whoever was responsible" should apologise.  READ MORE: 'We had to implement them!' Boris forced to justify the rules he broke Speaking to the House of Commons, he added: "Frankly, I have been appalled by some of the behaviour, particularly in the treatment of the security and the cleaning staff. "I would like to apologise to those members of staff, and I expect anyone who behaved in that way to apologise to them as well." Ms Gray's investigation was launched following media reports of rule-breaking gatherings in Downing Street. DON'T MISS: 'Gone through the sorrow' Ex-Tory MP slams Boris over partygate row [REACTION] 'Boris has turned Downing St into wine-stained vomit-strewn disgrace' [OPINION] Corbyn demands Boris resign... despite admitting breaking law himself [REVEAL] An initial report was delivered in January, but she delayed publication of the full report while the Metropolitan Police conducted its own investigation into events. The Met Police has issued 126 fines for rule-breaking in No10 and Whitehall. Boris Johnson was issued just one fine for his birthday party in March 2020. Speaking about the events detailed in Ms Gray's report, Mr Johnson said he takes "full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch". He told the House of Commons: "I want to begin today by renewing my apology to the House, to the whole country, for the short lunchtime gathering on June 19, 2020 in the Cabinet Room, during which I stood at my place at the Cabinet table and for which I received a fixed penalty notice. "I also want to say above all that I take full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch. "Sue Gray’s report has emphasised that it is up to the political leadership in Number 10 to take ultimate responsibility and, of course, I do."