Amazon is giving away free £10 vouchers to customers for the next few months. Starting today (May 17) and running until September 30, Amazon will be giving £10 worth of free credit to shoppers that use a Barclaycard. To claim your free Amazon credit, you'll first need to spend £10 or more at Amazon using your piece of plastic. After your purchase has been dispatched you'll get an email saying your Amazon account has been credited with £10. Then, the next time you go to checkout and use your Barclaycard again you'll be able to cash in your £10 worth of free Amazon credit. And don't panic if there's nothing taking your fancy right now as you'll have until the end of October 30 2022 to spend your free Amazon voucher. If you're able to take advantage of this money-saving Amazon scheme then there are a few other things you need to know. Firstly, you can only claim one free voucher per customer and per Amazon account. Also, you will need to be an existing Barclaycard holder to be able to sign up for this promotion.  This voucher can also only be used on items sold and fulfilled by Amazon and there are also a number of products that you won't be able to use this voucher on. Products which can't be used in conjunction with the free Amazon voucher are alcohol, baby and infant formula, e-cigarettes as well as cartridges, eBooks, magazines, digital products, gift vouchers and third party offers. The voucher also can't be used on Amazon Warehouse products or on items being sold by third-party sellers on Amazon Marketplace, even if the product in question is fulfilled by Amazon.  You also can't use this free voucher in conjunction with any other Amazon offers, and if the item you're looking to purchase is above £10 then you'll need to pay the remaining balance. If you're looking for products you can use your Amazon voucher with, popular gadgets that currently are full price on the Amazon UK website include the third-generation Echo Dot smart speaker as well as the Fire TV Stick Lite with Alexa Voice Remote Lite. The free Amazon voucher will bring the price of the veteran Echo Dot smart speaker down from £39.99 to £29.99, while if you're after a streaming stick the free Amazon credit will reduce the price of the Fire TV Stick Lite from £29.99 to the bargain price of £19.99. 