The Prime Minister has been fined by the Metropolitan Police for breaking coronavirus lockdown rules by attending his own birthday party at Downing Street. The rules, put in place by the Government to reduce social contacts and the spread of COVID-19, were flouted during a string of parties in Government buildings. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak and Mr Johnson's wife Carrie have also been fined. Mr Johnson has faced numerous calls to resign over the controversy, which has thrown the Conservative Party into disarray. Some backbench Conservative MPs submitted letters of no confidence in the Tory leader to the party’s 1922 Committee earlier this year. If the group receives the required 54 letters, a vote is then held on whether to oust the party’s leader. If more than 50 percent of Tory MPs vote against the leader, a leadership contest is triggered. While initial attempts to oust the Prime Minister stalled, it is expected that if the Conservatives perform badly in the local elections this week, Mr Johnson will face a fresh mutiny. Tory hopefuls Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Liz Truss, the Foreign Secretary have both been touted as potential successors to Mr Johnson were a leadership contest to take place. Dr Nicholas Dickinson from the University of Oxford claimed to Express.co.uk that Ms Truss is the more likely of the two Cabinet ministers to lead the party because she is the “most Brexity” candidate. JUST IN: 'We miss you, Britain' Hungary brands EU 'motley crew' without 'common sense UK' While Ms Truss voted to Remain in the 2016 referendum, since then she has done a U-turn and enthusiastically promoted Brexit Britain. Dr Dickinson said: “I think the thing that has to be borne in mind is that the members have the final choice. “The Parliamentary Conservative Party can narrow down the choice to two. “But then ultimately the membership, who are 200,000 quite unrepresented people in a lot of ways, get the final choice. “So, if it comes down to Sunak and Truss among the membership, it is very likely that Truss would be selected rather than Sunak based on what we know about the Conservative membership. “It is difficult to poll Conservative members, but by all indications, the most Brexity candidate would win, which is not Sunak, it is Truss.” Ms Truss voted to remain in the EU at the 2016 referendum on Britain’s membership of the trading bloc. However, in recent years she has since cultivated an image of post-Brexit authority, helping to ink huge trade deals with major economies, such as Australia last year. In December, the Foreign Secretary also replaced Lord David Frost as the UK's chief negotiator with the EU. Her takeover of the Brexit brief means she is now leading talks over how to resolve the issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol. DON'T MISS: Putin ABANDONED: Kremlin fears Ukraine war a catastrophic error as Moscow unity unravels [LATEST]Brexit-basher Anna Soubry’s baffling claim UK will be back in EU ‘within 10 years’ [INSIGHT]Nigel Farage once admitted he 'admires Putin politically' [ANALYSIS] In a Conservative Home survey of 786 Tory party members asking who should lead the party, Ms Truss emerged ahead of Mr Sunak by 20 votes. The survey was published in December before most of the allegations about the so-called ‘Partygate’ scandal emerged. As well as Ms Truss’ contribution to Brexit, her vision for lower taxes has also won her plaudits, according to Conservative Home editor Paul Goodman. He said this contrasted with Mr Sunak, who has vowed to push ahead with a £12billion increase in National Insurance contributions in April. However, more recent polling of Conservative voters has seen Mr Sunak emerge as the frontrunner to lead the party over Ms Truss. A YouGov survey of 1,005 Tory party members carried out last month gave the Chancellor 33 percent of the vote, while 25 percent backed the Foreign Secretary. Dr Dickinson claimed that, while Mr Sunak gained popularity with the public during the pandemic, he may be seen as less favourable to party members. He said: “I think that unfortunately, Sunak, possibly one of the most nationally popular Conservative politicians, is considerably less so within the membership. “The successor is much more likely to be someone like Liz Truss.”