Netflix sci-fi series Stranger Things made its highly-anticipated return with its most ambitious story to date. Season four, volume one saw the action spread across several threads including one following Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour) as he languished in a gulag in Kamchatka. Hopper storyline featured numerous Russian characters as he slaved away at the camp in the USSR. Hopper also encountered corrupt prison guard Dmitri ‘Enzo’ Antonov (Tom Wlaschiha), who was trying to help the former Hawkins police chief escape. Just when it looked like Hopper was going to make it home to Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) and Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), he was recaptured with Enzo’s role in his escape plan exposed. Both men were incarcerated together and built up a friendship of sorts during this time, discussing their respective children and lives away from Kamchatka. Enzo and Hopper, along with a group of prisoners, were forced to face off with the Demogorgon being held at the camp. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? Stranger Things fans have been wondering about the new character Enzo, who looks very familiar - here’s where you may have seen him before. German actor Wlaschiha plays Enzo but is perhaps best known to audiences for his portrayal of Jaqen H'ghar in Game of Thrones. Jaqen H'ghar met Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) in Harrenhal and she eventually escaped with the assassin, who later offered her the chance to go to Braavos. Although she initially decided to remain in Westeros, Arya eventually went to Braavos where she met him again and he trained her to become an assassin for the Faceless Men. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? Actor Wlaschiha appeared in seasons two, five, and six of the HBO drama with his performance earning him a Screen Actors Guild nomination. Wlaschiha studied acting and theatre in America, after travelling to the US as an exchange student at 17 following the fall of the Berlin Wall. He started out with roles across German film and television as he slowly built up his acting CV. The actor began appearing in more international projects such as Brideshead Revisited, Maigret, Jack Ryan, Valkrie, and Christopher and His Kind. He has also featured in war drama Das Boot, Crossing Lines, and Resistance. Wlaschiha has trodden the boards in various productions at Schauspielhaus Zürich and Schauspiel Frankfurt, among other theatres. As well as speaking German and English, Wlaschiha can also speak in Russian, Italian and French. He is slated to be featuring in the mini-series Last Light and the movie Escape to the Sea, both of which are in post-production. DON'T MISS...Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series [UPDATE]Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [INSIGHT]Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? [EXPLAINER] Wlaschiha has been sharing photos from the set of Stranger Things with his fans. He recently posted a shot to his Instagram account of himself in character with the caption: “Meet Dmitri #strangerthings4 @netflix out TODAY.” The star later shared a clip from Stranger Things featuring Enzo and Hopper conspiring early on in season four, captioning it: “Verified I bring news ….from America — S4 pt1 is now streaming on @netflix !! Dmitri’s bets are not on Hopper ;).” Fans also got a snap of Enzo and Yuri (Nikola Djuricko) both looking bruised and bloodied. According to IMDb, Wlaschiha will be reprising his role in Stranger Things season four, volume two as Enzo, so viewers can expect to see more of the quirky prison guard going forward. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1