A Russian journalist said the UK population are "preparing for starvation” due to the cost of living crisis the country is experiencing as a consequence of the support the UK is providing to Ukraine. Among the claims, the Russian article also described Russia and Belarus as the world’s “largest suppliers of food and fertilisers”. The propagandistic article showed the image of two cavemen standing next to the Union Flag and read the title “Cold, Hunger, Cannibalism: London fell into its own Ukrainian pit”. The article was posted on Tsargrad TV, a Russian television channel owned by Putin-supporter businessman Konstantin Malofeev. Below the top picture, it stated: “Things are not going well in the UK. “While politicians are playing into the Ukrainian crisis, their own population is preparing for starvation. “Europe is seeing an explosion in prices, and politicians are talking about the threat of mass starvation. “In some cities of Britain, a state of emergency is introduced due to food shortages”. Besides the claims about the UK, the news outlet also depicted Russia and Belarus as the world’s “largest suppliers of food and fertilisers”. The feature quoted an article written by British broadcaster Jeremy Clarkson for the Sunday Times, in which he jokingly claimed that the current food shortages crisis will see people “eat their neighbours”. READ MORE: Putin puppets warn Russia now has 'only one target' in nuclear strike Using the Sunday Times column as its source, the pro-Putin channel said: “Journalists begin to say terrible things aloud, remind them of the risk of cannibalism”. Mr Clarkson wrote: “Politicians say they are 'monitoring the situation', which means they aren’t doing anything at all, but one day they will have to because while people can live without heat or clothing or even sex, they cannot live without food. “Hunger makes people eat their neighbours.” “Which is exactly what Putin wants. DON'T MISS:Energy crisis lifeline: Sunak to make emergency announcement TODAY [WATCH]Rejoiner alliance threat: Boris warned Brexit could be REVERSED [LISTEN]Brexit: 'Not what we voted for' furious Farage pinpoints  [INSIGHT] “Sure, the war in Ukraine may result in him gaining only a tiny bit of land in the east of the country, but beyond that, it could well destabilise Europe for years”. The current food shortages crisis results as a consequence of Russian troops now blocking Ukraine’s seaports, preventing the export of millions of tonnes of grain. Before the invasion, Ukraine was one of the world’s biggest wheat and cereal exporters, with over 4.5m tonnes of agricultural produce exported through its ports. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres commented the current food crisis and said: “Let’s be clear, there is no effective solution to the food crisis without reintegrating Ukraine’s food production. "Russia must permit the safe and secure export of grain stored in Ukrainian ports”.